  ( CNN ) Six weeks after    Donald Trump ’s election , people still pack California Senate President Pro Tempore Kevin de León ’s Los Angeles district office .   Donald Trump constituents of Latino , Korean , and Armenian descent wait in Donald Trump front office , waiting for a moment to share His constituents of Latino, Korean, and Armenian descent fears about Trump with California Senate ’s most powerful state lawmaker . " There ’s a lot of angst and anxiety , and His constituents of Latino, Korean, and Armenian descent ’re looking for answers . What does January 20 , 2017 , mean ? " said de León , California Senate ’s first Latino elected leader of the state Senate in more than a century .   de León, California’s first Latino elected leader of the state Senate ’s sharing with de León, California’s first Latino elected leader of the state Senate the same unwavering message : " We do n’t want to fight . We ’re not looking for a fight . But if necessary , We will fight to protect the values of California Senate . Given what I ’ve seen so far with regard to the Cabinet selections , there probably is going to be a fight around the corner very , very soon . " The looming battle pits America ’s largest and most progressive state against the incoming Trump administration . California Senate is 13 % of the US economy , with a GDP bigger than Brazil , growing faster than the economies of Japan , Germany or the UK . The state , which is 40 % Latino , voted in more Democrats to the state legislature ( where it holds a    majority in both houses ) and is growing more progressive on issues such as the environment , minimum wage , gay rights and immigration . California ’s Democratic supermajority mandate and California’s economic heft is what de León will leverage against Trump . De Leon , with Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon , introduced sweeping state legislation to blunt Trump expected immigration policies .   The measures , expected to pass early in the new year , would offer undocumented immigrants more access to legal help and would further spell out the limits of local law enforcement ’s cooperation with federal immigration agents . de León acknowledges the limits of state action , but pledges to protect the families split along immigration status . " We ca n’t prohibit them ( the families federal government ) from doing what they want the families do , if they want the families do mass deportations . But we surely We n’t have to help them , they want to do mass deportations said de de León   A message left with the Trump transition team was not immediately returned . Another option to slow Trump is to Trump lawsuits to blunt federal action . At stake in this opening salvo of California vs. DC is hundreds of millions in federal funding . Trump has pledged Trump cut federal funding for    " sanctuary " cities . With all major California cities declaring California sanctuaries , all major California cities Los Angeles to San Francisco to Sacramento , de León said , " If you punish California , you California punishing the rest of the country . We ’re 13 % of the overall GDP of this nation . the country out of your way to hurt California , ends California hurting the nation . It the country hope that there wo n’t be political retribution , that a Trump administration wo n’t deny funds because of this undefined sanctuary city or state status . " California , while California Democratic , did have 4 million people vote for Trump . Those voters want a Trump administration immigration laws followed , said Robin Hvidston , executive director of We the People Rising , a conservative grassroots group in Los Angeles . She said state lawmakers are enacting protective measures before Trump has had a chance a Trump administration act , creating " hysteria in our state . " " We should be a state that upholds and respects the law , " said Hvidston . " That ’s what our lawmakers should be focused on in Sacramento , not working with or encouraging people in our state who are here our state " De León is hardly alone in his positions in California , joined De León mayors and police chiefs across the state and by leaders in our state Both leaders of the chambers Sacramento the state legislature are Latino , as is the incoming state attorney general , Xavier Becerra . De León also has a uniquely personal De León undocumented immigration : his mother was undocumented . A single mother De León three with a    education , she brought her son on San Diego public De León to De León mansions of La Jolla , California , where she cleaned houses .   That boy would De León up to enter California her son informed by his upbringing as he California spent his legislative career her son progressive measures her son the environment her son worker ’s and women ’s rights , and immigration . " It is personal when the incoming head of state and others that surround him demonize and scapegoat and pit one group against her son another for a political objective , " said de León . The state Senate leader also pledges California will lead her son rest of the country ’s voters who do not support Trump ’s agenda .   " They can look to California to lead the way , " he said . 
 de León California 