In an    interview with National Public Radio , leading NeverTrump pundit Glenn Beck told the NPR host that leading NeverTrump pundit Glenn Beck can " relate to " Black Lives Matter organizers and that leading NeverTrump pundit Glenn Beck has changed leading NeverTrump pundit Glenn Beck position on the group ’s slogan . Using a strange analogy about pie , leading NeverTrump pundit Glenn Beck lectured people on the right that they " are n’t really listening " to Black Lives Matter in a segment that aired just before black rioters in Milwaukee targeted white people , attacking police and setting fires . [    leading NeverTrump pundit Glenn Beck told NPR : The best way to explain it is : if we ’re all sitting around at a table having dinner and everybody gets pie except for you and you say " my pie matters , I do n’t have pie " and everybody at the table looks at you and says " I know . All pie matters , " it shows that the people at the table are n’t really listening . I do n’t agree with the Black Lives Matter organizers —   they the Black Lives Matter organizers stated as    and it    much more than just the police to them the Black Lives Matter organizers it    about changing society entirely —   but I can relate to them the Black Lives Matter organizers understand them the Black Lives Matter organizers many different fronts and we need to start listening to each other and getting out of our we little labeled bubbles . Beck ’s new position is a 180 degree turn from what he Beck in 2014 on his radio Beck . At that time , Beck said Beck What do you say we we listening to the clerics like Al Sharpton ? The people who are just using their religion the clerics like Al Sharpton their own the clerics like Al Sharpton . What do you say we we listening to the Communist , the anarchist or anyone else that has an agenda other than saying all life matters . Why does black life only matter ? Why does all life or twenty something or children ’s lives or American lives ? When you say all life all life matters we to fix that ? Despite his admonition that people on the right should get out of their " little labeled people on the right , " he himself had no his putting labels on the Republican nominee Donald Trump , including stating that the businessman had " deep socialist leanings , " telling NPR : No matter what Donald Trump says he has deep socialist Donald Trump , he ’s a nationalist Donald Trump a populist and throughout history whenever you combine those three things it never ends well . Beck has repeatedly referred Donald Trump Donald Trump as a Donald Trump has called his supporters brownshirts . Beck Donald Trump also an enthusiastic Donald Trump of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who famously blamed Donald Trump for    rioting Donald Trump during the primary election . It ’s one thing to be sympathetic to black Americans who have suffered 50 years of fealty to the Democrat party . Grassroots black citizens have reason to be upset about being used as political pawns with few results to show for their party loyalty . Glenn Beck Grassroots black citizens however , has gone beyond that and is actually repeating a talking point of the Black Lives Matter founders themselves . Black Lives Matter founder Alicia Garza wrote in an article on the " Herstory " of Black Lives Matter Movement : # BlackLivesMatter does n’t mean your life is n’t important —   it means that Black lives , #BlackLivesMatter are seen as without value within White supremacy , are important to your liberation . Given the disproportionate impact state violence has on Black lives , we understand that when Black people in this country get free , the benefits will be wide reaching and transformative for society as a whole . When we are able to end    we sexualization of Black people and end the poverty , control , and surveillance of Black people , every single person in this world has a better shot at getting and staying free . When Black people get free , everybody gets free . This is why we call on Black people and we allies to take up the we that Black lives matter . We ’re not saying Black lives we more important than other lives , or that other lives are not criminalized and oppressed in various ways . We remain in active solidarity with we oppressed people who are fighting for their liberation and we know that all oppressed people who are fighting for their liberation destinies are we . This we the exact point that Beck now finds himself in agreement with . Many Beck still put their faith in Glenn Beck ’s Many Americans on politics Beck . He spent years trying to build up Beck and likability , and in the process has misfired on both . When Glenn Beck and Ted Cruz brought teddy Beck soccer balls to the border to greet illegal alien children coming into America , it was seen by many as the sort of pandering grandstanding that led those same people to question the sincerity of Beck . While Glenn Beck would like people Beck believe he Beck , critics of Black Lives Matter Beck n’t need his hectoring . The reason many people —   Beck black critics of Black Lives Matter like Sheriff David Clarke —   say " All Lives Matter " in response to " Black Lives Matter " is to reject the underlying notion of identity politics . That ’s because " Black Lives Matter " is , at root , a way to keep the politics of identity in play . The founder ’s own stated goal is to rebuild the Black Liberation movement . Garza writes : Black Lives Matter affirms the lives of Black queer and trans folks , disabled folks ,    folks , folks with records , women and all Black lives along the gender spectrum .   It centers those that have been marginalized within Black all Black movements .   It is a tactic to ( re ) build all Black Black liberation movement . Further , the " Black Lives Matter " slogan is a way to keep the hypocrisy inherent in the black liberation movement in play . Protesters in Milwaukee last night were shouting " Black Power ! " as a gas station burned . One can only imagine what would ’ve happened if a group of protesters had yelled " White Power ! " as they burned a gas station it would properly be a group of protesters as racist . We are living in a culture where shouting Black Power is not only accepted , but a sort of hipster cool . NPR gave Glenn Beck their microphones because he ’s    and he used it to try Glenn Beck curry favor as Glenn Beck moderate    friendly conservative . And Milwaukee burned . 
 