’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s son , Eric , vehemently dismissed    claims that his father had business ties to Russian government    officials in an interview Sunday . " ’    In an interview with Fox Business host Maria Bartiromo , the    president’ ’s son dubbed stories outlining ties    between Russia and the Trump Organization " ridiculous , "    saying the claims were " a little bit maddening . " ’ ’    " It actually infuriates me , " said Eric Trump , who stepped into    the role of executive vice president of the Trump Organization year . ’ ’    " We have no projects in the Trump Organization , " he added . " If executive vice president of the Trump Organization    had projects in Russia Russia you’’d have our name on those projects . we not exactly no projects in Russia about hiding our name . We like having our we on our we buildings , our name Tower we " ’ "    Eric Trump also blasted Democrats who have suggested    potential business ties between Trump companies and Russia .    Apparently referring to Russian hacks of the    National    Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta ’s    email , Eric said party leaders should take greater    precautions with cybersecurity to avoid hacks .   " ’’ ’    " Their party lost an election and they needed to try and put    someone Their party down . And there’ ’s zero truth behind it , " he said .    " I’’d like to there’ that party take an inward look at themselves .    Maybe the leaders of that party shouldn’’t be making the password    party computers ’’ password , ’’ maybe start there party It’ ’s    maddening . " ’ "    Eric Trump    comments came as congressional and      inquiries continue into Russia ’s    meddling in the 2016 election . " "    Trump ’s business ties to Russia have faced heightened   Eric Trump     of top Trump Russia figures’ cozy    relationships with Russian officials , which some have been    reluctant to disclose . " "    Despite   the Trumps    indeed do not own any    properties in    country . The    majority    Trump ’s Russia include    work with Russian financiers and developers on    various projects in the Russian , as well as some of his top    campaign aides’ . " " President Donald Trump ’s son , Eric . .. " Trump 
 