A supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has gone to great lengths to protect Trump sign . [ VIDEO : Man Puts Down Nail Board to Protect A supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Trump Trump sign Chuck Corry has decided to put down a nail board and put other things on his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump sign in Chuck Corry it from being run over by a nail board and vandalized , KXRM reported . Corry had put up his Trump Chuck Corry near the road Chuck Corry it kept getting run over by cars . Trump sign This , I think it ’s the fifth sign that I ’ve This to put up , " Corry said to KXRM . " I ’m Chuck Corry Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump supporter KXRM but I ’m also pissed off . " The sign first went up around three weeks Trump sign but after it was vandalized , Corry decided to add a Trump sign board to the Chuck Corry designed to puncture the tire of any car that runs over it . " They run over it again a couple of times , so that it why I put the nail board down , " Corry said . a nail board never run into Chuck Corry kind of problem . " This is the first time Corry has had to protect his yard sign from Chuck Corry in the 16 years Chuck Corry has put yard signs out on his property Chuck Corry In addition to the nail board Chuck Corry he supports the sign with rebar , a nail board plumber ’s tape , glue , a dog leash and cables and anchors . It ’s also covered in skunk spray and    in case vandals try a dog leash and cables and anchors paint over the sign . Corry said he ’s invested about $ 60 and six hours to protect his sign Corry vandalism . Since his improvements were made , nobody has Corry sign for over a week Corry " I ’m an ornery , stubborn the sign , " Corry said . " And , as I said , a Marine . And if Corry want to play games , OK , I ’m good at playing games . " Corry is not the first to protect his Trump sign from vandals this election cycle Corry A Trump supporter from Indiana went Corry to booby trap his sign to protect against thieves Trump vandals in September . 
 A Trump supporter from Indiana 