Washington ( CNN ) The president of Mexico explained Thursday why The president of Mexico invited Donald Trump to visit The president of Mexico country , pitching the trip as a chance to meet with someone important     even if the Republican nominee is widely disliked in his country . " I was very clear in public and in private to emphasize the fact that in Mexico , we feel offended and hurt by The president of Mexico statements about Mexicans , " Enrique Peña Nieto wrote in an    for his Enrique Peña Nieto Universal . " I expressed that we deserve respect , that we we honest , hardworking people , that we we our we and the culture of effort . " Peña Enrique Peña Nieto Trump met in Mexico City Wednesday on a whirlwind visit ahead of Trump ’s Trump speech in Arizona . In public , Trump and Peña Nieto Enrique Peña Nieto a friendly tone , though acrimony later broke out over whether the pair had discussed Mexican payment for a    border wall , a trademark Trump policy . " Trump was also very clear in my conversation with Trump on the border Trump Mexico will not pay for any wall , " Peña Nieto wrote Enrique Peña Nieto has disputed Peña Nieto Trump account Enrique Peña Nieto his speech on Wednesday he declared , Trump Mexico will pay Trump the wall . Mexico % . They do n’t know it yet , 100% they ’re going to pay for the 100% . " Earlier on Thursday the wall shared a video on Instagram of Trump arrival at the palace by helicopter Trump " Thank you to President Enrique Pena Nieto    for the invitation to meet with him in Mexico City , Mexico . Wonderful President Enrique Pena Nieto    and high quality people ! I look forward to our next meeting . # TrumpTrain # MakeAmericaGreatAgain # TrumpPence16 " Trump wrote in the post . A Mexican government official and a source close to the Mexican government both tell CNN that the idea for the invitations for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton to meet with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto came from the Mexican Ministry . According to the source close to the government , Mexico wants to show it the Mexican government with Trump if he wins . Finance Ministry officials hope Donald Trump having Donald Trump in Mexico the Finance Ministry down investors who have been fleeing . Mexico Mexican Central Bank registered more than $ 11 billion in capital outflows in the first half of 2016 . The visit was seen as an attempt to prevent the peso from falling . Up to now , when Clinton leads in the polls , the peso strengthens the opposite happens when the polls tighten the peso to the Mexican government official , the polls Ministry was not aware of the invitations to Trump and Clinton . In fact , Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz and the Clinton for North America , Paulo Carreño , were in Milwaukee on Tuesday opening the new Mexican Consulate , and she flew back Tuesday night when Trump posted his tweets . Peña Nieto has reiterated that Mexico will Trump with Trump gets elected Trump 