Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump and Donald Trump top surrogates practiced something unusual Monday : subtlety . After weeks of floating debunked conspiracy theories about Clinton ’s health , Donald Trump and Donald Trump campaign instead said Trump and his campaign sincerely hope the Democratic nominee is on the mend after being diagnosed with pneumonia . " I hope Clinton gets well soon . I do n’t know what ’s going on . I ’m like you . I just see what I see     the coughing fit was a week ago , so I assume that was pneumonia also , " Donald Trump said Monday on Fox News’ " Fox and Friends . " " So something is going on , but i just hope Clinton gets well and gets back on the trail , and we ’ll be seeing Clinton at the debate . " Donald Trump said during the interview that Donald Trump ’ll soon make public the results of a doctor ’s physical Donald Trump had last week . Clinton was pulled off the trail Sunday after " overheating " at a remembrance of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks in New York . The subsequent revelation that she Clinton diagnosed with pneumonia Friday has renewed questions about her Clinton .   In a CNBC interview later Monday , Trump Clinton slightly more pointed when he Clinton to question the timing of the diagnosis . " It was interesting because they say pneumonia pneumonia Friday Friday but she Clinton coughing very , very badly a week ago , and even before that , if you remember . This was n’t the first time . So , it This very interesting to see what is going on . I want her Clinton get better , " Trump Clinton . Retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota that he Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn she Clinton doing alright , but quickly moved to praising Trump Clinton in contrast . " I ’ve always felt like I ’ve stayed , you know , in good shape myself . This is a guy that has enormous stamina . I watch him move Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn city to city , city to event , engage robustly with a lot of people , and     and he ’s Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn pretty amazing guy , " Flynn said Monday on " New Day . " Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway opened her thoughts Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway with Monday for Clinton , before quickly turning it into an attack on the candidate ’s chief weakness : perceptions of honesty and transparency . " I would echo Mr. Trump Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway that I just hope she ’s feeling Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and gets back on the trail soon , " Conway said on Kellyanne Conway ’s " Morning Joe , " before pivoting to a condemnation of how she handled the Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway she had pneumonia Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway " She ’s still Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway transparent , she still wo Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway open herself up to Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway press , this nonsense that she respects what Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway of you do by having this phony press availability on the plane last week and then the moment that you really need to be with her , 90 Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway of radio silence . It took the entire day to get public the diagnosis that apparently she had received Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway earlier . " The approach that did not fully embrace questioning the status of Clinton ’s health and stamina stands in sharp contrast to comments the campaign made just weeks earlier . Trump    his primary attack Trump    Jeb Bush for being " low energy " to use against Clinton this summer Clinton saying she needs lots Clinton sleep , making it a regular line in his rallies . Trump    then challenged Trump    , last Clinton , to release her medical records Clinton Trump ’s physician faced scrutiny from media reports     including CNN     which highlighted a 2015 letter he wrote vouching Trump    Trump ’s health Trump’s what other doctors described as strange wording , medically incorrect terms and an unprofessional conclusion . 
 