  ( CNN ) As Hillary Clinton on Monday night reeled off a litany of insults Hillary Clinton had leveled against women through the years , including some nasty nicknames for a former Miss Universe , Donald Trump leaned into Donald Trump microphone and asked repeatedly , " Where did you find this ? Where did you find this ? "   The Hillary Clinton campaign need not have looked far , or particularly hard , to turn up instances of the Republican presidential nominee speaking in cold or cruel ways about women . Donald Trump has made a habit of Donald Trump over the years , targeting public figures , even Donald Trump own wives and girlfriends . On Tuesday , Donald Trump even added to the list , calling into Fox News and explaining why Donald Trump ’d alternately described former Miss Universe Alicia Machado as " Miss Piggy " and " Miss Housekeeping . " " former Miss Universe Alicia Machado was the winner ( of the pageant ) and , you know , former Miss Universe Alicia Machado gained a massive amount of weight , and it was a real problem , " Donald Trump said . " We had a real problem . " Donald Trump has pushed back against suggestions his past comments betrayed any lack of respect for women . " Mr. Trump Donald Trump relationships with women , " spokeswoman Hope Hicks told CNN in an email , noting the presence of    female officials within his campaign and Donald Trump . " To say otherwise is wholly inaccurate and based on unsubstantiated claims from publicity hungry individuals . " But many of Trump ’s nastiest Donald Trump are matters of public record . And voters have noticed     even as he gained in recent polls , Clinton ’s lead among women remained considerable , usually up around 20 points .   Here is an incomplete list of his insults over he years : Critical women , During the first Republican primary event in August 2015 , Fox News’ Megyn Kelly challenged him over his he comments Megyn Kelly women . Trump did n’t Megyn Kelly it . " You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes , Megyn Kelly he told CNN Megyn Kelly Don Lemon after the fact . " Blood coming out of her . .. Megyn Kelly . " His feud with Megyn Kelly would stretch Megyn Kelly . Before it was informally His feud with Kelly , he would retweet Megyn Kelly Twitter user who posted images form Kelly ’s GQ Megyn Kelly shoot and called her a " bimbo . " Trump and Rosie O’Donnell have sparred for years     right through Monday night . During her time on ABC her " The View , " O’Donnell had disparaged Trump Rosie O’Donnell a " Trump and Rosie O’Donnell salesman " and discussed his bankruptcy . Trump Rosie O’Donnell been especially Trump and Rosie O’Donnell in return .   In this clip from a 2006 Entertainment Tonight segment , he called O’Donnell a Trump and Rosie O’Donnell slob Rosie O’Donnell " " If I were running ’The View,’ I ’d fire Rosie . I ’d look her right in that Rosie ugly face of hers , I ’d Rosie , ’Rosie , you ’re fired,’ " he said , channeling Trump and Rosie O’Donnell reality TV tagline Trump and Rosie O’Donnell " We ’re all a little chubby , Rosie is just a Rosie worse than most of us . But it We not just the chubbiness . Rosie is a very Rosie person , both inside and out . " In August 2012 , he mocked Arianna Huffington Trump and Rosie O’Donnell whose    Michael revealed he was gay a Trump and Rosie O’Donnell after their marriage ended in 1997 , tweeting that she was " unattractive both inside and out . I fully understand why her former husband left she for a    she made a good her former husband . " Better Midler , too , has come under fire from Trump . In the space of six minutes on October 28 , 2012 , he tweeted at the her former husband and actress twice , first calling her " grotesque , she then adding : " While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman , I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct . " A year earlier , New York Times columnist Gail Collins wrote about a note she had received from New York Times columnist Gail Collins . " During Trump down period , I referred to him in print as New York Times columnist Gail Collins ’financially embattled thousandaire,’ " Collins recalled , " New York Times columnist Gail Collins he sent me a New York Times columnist Gail Collins of the column with my picture circled and ’The Face of a Dog!’ written over it . " On their mental health , More recently , he responded angrily to New York Times columnist Gail Collins Times columnist , Maureen Dowd , who suggested during an interview on CNN that Trump " thought the violence ( at his rallies ) added New York Times columnist Gail Collins frisson of excitement . "    First , Trump tweeted that Dowd Trump " wacky " and a " neurotic dope . " In a second post , he called her " Trump Maureen Dowd . "   Earlier in the summer , he had used similar Trump to smear    Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz and MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski . Wasserman Schultz was " Debbie Wasserman Schultz , " while he described Brzezinski , who Debbie Wasserman Schultz been critical on her show , as " Debbie Wasserman Schultz the wall , a neurotic and not very bright mess ! " And do n’t forget Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . During a brief     for which she eventually apologized , Trump Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg : " Her mind is shot    Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ! Crude gender stereotypes , In a clip turned up by HBO ’s John Oliver , Trump discusses with a female Trump how contestants at his beauty pageant are judged Trump Then comments on her own appearance ( at Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ) .   There is a pattern . The future GOP nominee offered this assessment in his 1997 book , " The future GOP nominee : The Art of the Comeback " : " Women have one of the great acts of all time , " he wrote . " The The future GOP nominee ones act very feminine and needy , but inside they are real killers . The smart ones person who came up with the expression ’the weaker sex’ was either very naive or had to be kidding . I have seen women manipulate men with just a twitch of their eye     or perhaps men body part . "   When discussing whether he might want more children The future GOP nominee his third wife during a The future GOP nominee visit to radio host Howard Stern , Trump explained his paternal role as such The future GOP nominee " I mean , I wo n’t do anything to take care of them . I ’ll supply more children with his third wife and she ’ll take care of Trump kids . It ’s not like I ’m gon na be walking the kids down Central Park the kids More recently , as he again considered a run for office , Trump tweeted that the presence Trump women , simply by their presence in the ranks , the presence of women to blame for sexual assault in the military . " 26 , 000 unreported sexual assaults in the    238 convictions , " he tweeted in May 2013 Trump " What did these geniuses expect when they put men   women together these geniuses " Public ,    insults     Before he turned on Maureen Dowd Trump Trump last summer told the columnist that , " sadly , " the supermodel Heidi Klum is " no longer a 10 . " A few months earlier , the     retweeted a fan who posted a question : " If Hillary Clinton ca n’t satisfy her husband what makes her think Hillary Clinton can satisfy America Hillary Clinton " Hillary Clinton deleted his own post , Trump it Trump a rogue staffer . his own post By the fall of 2015 , Trump was a leading candidate for Trump Republican nomination . During an interview with Rolling Stone he commented on his primary rival Trump Carly Fiorina Trump This was the scene , as reporter Paul Solotaroff described it in his story :   " When Trump anchor throws to Carly Fiorina for her reaction to Trump ’s momentum Carly Fiorina Trump ’s expression sours in schoolboy Trump’s the camera bores in on Fiorina . ’Look at that face!’ Carly Fiorina cries . ’Would anyone vote Carly Fiorina that ? Can you imagine that , the face of our next president ? ! ’   What he said to the face of Carly Fiorina Celebrity Apprentice " contestant and former Playboy playmate , Brande Roderick , during a 2013 show left her   . " It must be a pretty picture , " Trump said . " You dropping to your knees . " Disgust at normal bodily functions , At a campaign event in December 2015 , he remarked on Clinton ’s slightly delayed Trump from a bathroom break during a recent Democratic primary debate . " I know where she went , it ’s disgusting , Clinton do n’t want to talk about it , " Trump said . " it , it Trump too disgusting . Do n’t it it , it ’s disgusting , let it not it , we want to it very , very it up . " It was n’t the first time Trump had expressed some revulsion at something Trump mundane .   In July 2015 , attorney Elizabeth Beck told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota that Trump a few years earlier had suffered an " absolute meltdown " after she requested a break to pump breast attorney Elizabeth Beck . " He got up , " Beck said attorney Elizabeth Beck " his face got attorney Elizabeth Beck , he shook attorney Elizabeth Beck finger at me and attorney Elizabeth Beck screamed attorney Elizabeth Beck ’You’re disgusting attorney Elizabeth Beck you attorney Elizabeth Beck disgusting,’ and he ran out of there . " attorney Elizabeth Beck 