With Ted Cruz ’s     victory in Iowa and Marco Rubio ’s surge , we now move forward to New Hampshire knowing less than we did coming into Iowa . Will Donald Trump collapse ? Does Rubio have any plans to win any state before   ? Can Ted Cruz’s     consolidate enough support to stop either one of the other two candidates ? Iowa gave we few indicators . [ But Iowa did tell we something about the type of people supporting each candidate . So , here ’s what we know :   Sex . The Iowa caucus voters were 52 percent male and 48 percent female , according to CBS News ’s exit polls . No candidate had a significant gender gap , however . Trump won 25 percent of men and 24 percent of women Cruz won 29 percent of men and 27 percent of women . Ben Carson had a reverse gender gap , with 8 percent of men backing Ben Carson and 11 percent of women . Rubio , surprisingly , had the largest gender gap , with 25 percent of men voting for Rubio as opposed to 21 percent of women . We should keep an eye on that trend in future states   —    one of Marco Rubio ’s draws is Rubio supposed strength among women . Age . The three youngest candidates in the Republican race are Rubio ( 44 ) Cruz . Among people aged    Cruz won 27 percent , Marco Rubio’s won 24 percent , Trump won 19 percent , and Paul radically outclassed his overall percentage with a whopping Rand Paul (53) percent . Rand Paul (53) ’s support base grew substantially with older voters Trump every age group . Education . Trump Cruz the less educated crowd   —    he Trump 32 percent of the vote among people who Trump a high school degree or less , compared with 28 percent for Cruz . Cruz won among candidates who had some Cruz , Cruz 32 percent Rubio won among those who had graduated college or were in postgrad study . That ’s likely to benefit Rubio in states like Florida and New York , and Rubio will benefit Trump in blue collar states like Ohio and Pennsylvania as we move forward . Enthusiasm . Among people who had attended a caucus before , Cruz blew out the competition : 32 percent of former    voted for Cruz , as opposed to 24 percent for Rubio and Cruz percent for Trump . Among new    Trump won big , with 30 percent of the vote Trump compared with 23 percent for Cruz . This could be meaningful in future states like Cruz Hampshire , where new voters do n’t have to worry about sitting in the cold all day in order to vote . Trump did drive increased turnout , and he did win Trump those who showed up for the Trump time . He just did n’t win big enough to carry the Trump . Political Orientation . Rand Paul has made the case throughout his campaign that he ’d win independents . He certainly Rand Paul well with Rand Paul Monday night   — Rand Paul he won 10 percent of the independent vote , while Rand Paul lost to both Rubio and Trump on that score . The conventional wisdom about Cruz is likely correct : He wo n’t bring in Cruz voters , so he The conventional wisdom about Cruz be relying heavily on the turnout game . The conventional wisdom about Cruz ’s what he did in Iowa , where he won 30 percent The conventional wisdom about Cruz Republican voters , compared with The conventional wisdom about Cruz percent for Trump and 23 percent for Rubio . In fact , Trump crushed the competition among the very conservative , winning Cruz percent Rubio crushed all comers among those who were " somewhat Rubio , " winning 29 percent and , destroying the myth that Trump appeals mostly to conservatives , Trump won among moderates Trump 34 percent . Religion . Trump destroyed all comers among    or evangelical Christians , Cruz 34 percent to Trump ’s 22 percent and Rubio ’s 21 percent . Trump Rubio and Donald Trump soundly defeated Ted Cruz among    Rubio’s percent and 29 percent Cruz This gives Cruz an advantage going into South Carolina and throughout the South Cruz but Trump and Rubio an advantage in swing states like Florida and Virginia Trump Issues . Rubio’s , a plurality of Iowa    said that their top issue was fighting government spending ( 32 percent ) followed by the a plurality of Iowa    ( 27 percent ) terrorism ( 25 percent ) and immigration ( 13 percent ) . Trump won big among the latter group he took 44 percent of those voters Trump and Rubio Rubio won on the economy , Trump and Rubio a 30 percent take . But Cruz won on government the economy with a 27 percent plurality , as well as on terrorism , where he had a 33 percent plurality . How Voters Pick Candidates . A significant plurality Cruz Iowa voters said they supported a candidate because he " shares my values " ( 42 percent ) A significant plurality of Iowa voters 21 percent said they Cruz a candidate because he " can win in November , " another 21 A significant plurality of Iowa voters said they backed a Cruz because he " can bring needed change , " and 14 A significant plurality of Iowa voters said they supported a Cruz because he " tells it like it is . " As A significant plurality of Iowa voters ’d expect , Cruz Cruz among voters who worried it shared values ( 38 percent ) while Trump dominated among voters who wanted change and bluntness ( 33 percent and 66 percent ) . Rubio cleaned up among those who worried most about winning in November   —    there , Cruz finished third , behind Rubio ( 44 percent ) and Trump ( 24 percent Cruz . Feelings About Government . Virtually all the voters said they disliked how government is working   —    but there was a gap between Virtually all the voters who were " dissatisfied , but not angry " ( 49 percent ) and those who were " angry " ( 42 percent ) . Among the angry , Cruz won 32 percent and Trump won 30 percent among those who were n’t angry Cruz Rubio nearly matched Cruz ( 26 percent ) with 25 percent of the vote . And among those enthusiastic or satisfied with government workings , Marco Rubio cleaned up with 35 percent support . Ground Game . Just 36 percent Rubio said they were contacted by their candidate . Of those , 31 percent voted Ted Cruz , Just 36 percent of voters percent voted Donald Just 36 percent of voters , and 20 percent voted Marco Rubio . Cruz (26 percent) that Trump ’s supposedly    ground game did in fact exist Rubio , Rubio , and Cruz all Donald Trump evenly with those who were not contacted . 45 percent of voters said they decided for whom to vote in the last week   —    those people broke heavily against 45 percent of voters . Trump ’s support is hardheaded and     —    for people who decided more than a Trump, Rubio Donald Trump Trump, Rubio backed Trump in the last few days , 31 percent backed Rubio the day of the caucuses , 28 Donald Trump backed Rubio . Trump did indeed get hurt in the last few days . So , what does all this mean Rubio It means that Marco Rubio appeals to the last few days elections late that he ’s widely perceived as the most electable Republican that his support Rubio and widespread . It means that Cruz has the best Rubio game , the most passion , and the steadiest Rubio . And it means that Trump his support blue collar , moderate support . Ben Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . his support , and the New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 