Washington ( CNN ) Jeb Bush is carrying Jeb Bush crusade against Donald Trump to the doorstep of the Republican convention , saying that Jeb Bush is not the future of the Republican Party even as the Republican Party prepares to nominate Jeb Bush . Jeb Bush , once seen as the    for the Republican presidential nomination , remains one of the most prominent    holdouts in the GOP . In an    for The Washington Post published Friday , Jeb Bush acknowledged that Trump had capitalized on legitimate frustrations with American politics . " Trump had capitalized on legitimate frustrations with American politics have given rise to the success of a candidate who continues to grotesquely manipulate the deeply felt anger of many Americans , " Jeb Bush wrote , saying the nominee harkened back to an 1850s political party . " Trump abrasive , Know    nativist rhetoric has blocked out sober discourse about how to tackle America ’s big challenges . " Jeb Bush ’s    continues Jeb Bush vehement opposition to Trump Trump During the primaries , Jeb Bush and Trump Trump traded shots on the campaign trail , with the real estate mogul memorably labeling Jeb Bush " . " After Jeb Bush dropped out following the South Carolina primary , Jeb Bush vowed that Jeb Bush would not vote for Trump Trump does not plan to attend the Republican National Convention . Later Friday , Jeb Bush offered a backhanded compliment of Trump Trump to choose Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as Jeb Bush running mate , tweeting , " Mike Pence Mike Pence good man . Jeb Bush will add value to the ticket . " In Jeb Bush    the former Florida governor implored Republicans to protect their control of Republicans , and called on the party to " reintroduce civility , ideas and optimism back into politics . Let ’s find ways to campaign and govern inclusively . Let ’s find ways ’s ease the angst and fear of people , without cynically feeding it . " Bush , a lifelong Republican from a family that produced two Republican presidents , also floated the idea of supporting the Libertarian ticket in the fall . " I have n’t decided how I ’ll vote in November     whether I ’ll support the Libertarian ticket the Libertarian ticket a candidate     but I do know there are a lot of things Republicans can do in the coming months to lay the groundwork for rebuilding our party and the foundation for a true conservative renewal in our country . " Bush is n’t the first    Republican to suggest that he might vote Libertarian this Bush . Last month , 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney also said he would consider voting for 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney Libertarian ticket , though he noted he had policy 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney with 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney . The Republican National the Libertarian ticket begins Monday in Cleveland . 
 