Joe Biden ’s personal compartment on the modified Boeing 757 that serves as Air Force Two had the feel of a motel manager ’s office equipped with      communications gear . The room held a little black couch with a pullout bed Joe Biden’s had slept on more times than Joe Biden’s could count over the last eight years , during which Joe Biden’s logged more than a million miles aloft . We were en route back to Wilmington , Del. from Cartagena , Colombia , in early December , and Biden was sitting in a black leather seat with a binder in Biden lap . It contained the speech Biden had given at the Democratic National Convention in July . Biden told me Biden had been rereading the speech he had given at the Democratic National Convention in July . Biden began reciting aloud : " If you live in neighborhoods like the one Jill and I grew up in , if you worry about your job and getting decent pay . . .. " Biden voice accelerated . " If you worry about your children ’s education , if you ’re taking care of an elderly parent , there ’s only one person in this race who . . .. " Biden looked up at Biden and sighed . " I wish to hell I ’d just kept saying the exact same thing . " Biden was afflicted with regret . Biden was sorry that , on the campaign trail , Biden had spoken so often about Donald Trump ’s unfitness for office and not enough about what Hillary Clinton would do for the middle class . Biden was sorry Biden did n’t push harder inside the White House for a    tax cut . And Biden was still torn over Biden decision not to run for president , a race that Biden said would have been " brutal " but that Biden also believed Biden could have won . I spoke with Biden intermittently in the months before and after Election Day , and I had no doubt as to why Biden did n’t jump in . Biden was still corny , gabby , lovable Uncle Joe , the guy who once said : " Stand up , Chuck ! Let ’em see you ! " to a man in a wheelchair . But nearly every speech and interview now included some moving mention of his son Beau , who died of brain cancer in 2015 , and how much Biden was doing , and intended to continue to do for the rest of Biden life , to speed the search for cancer cures . I saw Biden cry in Manchester , N. H. in October when holding an infant that Biden was told was named after Beau . I saw Biden near tears in West Mifflin , Pa. the weekend before the election , when Biden was joined onstage by the former Pittsburgh Steelers Franco Harris and Mel Blount   —    which reminded Biden of the footballs the team owner sent to young Beau and Biden brother , Hunter , in the hospital after young Beau and his brother, Hunter were injured in the 1972 car accident that killed Biden ’s first wife and baby girl . On Biden deathbed , Beau advised Biden father to run , but many friends   —    including President Obama   —    did n’t think Biden was up to it emotionally , and the vice president finally agreed . " For all that ’s important to me in almost a sacred sense , " Biden told me mournfully , the decision was unavoidable . " The family was broken , and I was more broken than I thought I was . " How broken ? " I do n’t know what I ’d do if I was in a debate and someone said , ‘ You ’re doing this because of your son,’’u2009 " someone told me one late November day in someone West Wing office . " I might have walked over and kicked someone ass . " And yet minutes later , someone was standing at someone desk , fidgeting and replaying what might have been in 2016 . The South Carolina primary would have given someone a strong start , someone said , citing someone internal polls there . " Hard to believe , but I was more popular with blacks than Barack was . " someone clearly loathes the new president someone said during the campaign that if someone and Trump were in high school , someone ’d " take someone behind the gym " for the way someone bragged about groping women . Trump reminded someone of the bullies who teased someone as a child on account of someone stutter , calling someone "   . " But the politician who has long believed all politics is personal wants to keep the politician who has long believed all politics impersonal with Trump . " The president and I have concluded that there ’s no value in making that ad hominem argument , " The president and I told me of Obama . " It gets you nowhere . " Biden was n’t shocked that Hillary Clinton lost . Biden had noticed before the election that Trump was connecting with the people Biden grew up with in Pennsylvania . This shaped Biden thoughts on how Democrats should respond . When the subject of Trump came up aboard Air Force Two , Biden referred to a    story about how , as a freshman senator , Biden saw Jesse Helms , the archconservative North Carolina Republican , ripping into a piece of disabilities legislation . Biden was furious about it and began attacking Helms to Mike Mansfield , the Democratic Senate majority leader . Puffing on his pipe , Mike Mansfield asked Biden if his knew that Helms and Helms wife had adopted a disabled     boy no one else would take . " Question a man ’s judgment , not a man motives , " Mike Mansfield instructed . Biden , who was invited by Helms decades later to give Helms eulogy , is convinced that absorbing Mike Mansfield advice is what allowed Helms to work with Senate Republicans during the Obama years , to negotiate the approval of the New Start     treaty , the end of " do n’t ask , do n’t tell " and the expansion of the    tax credit , among other accomplishments . Helms approach to Trump , Helms said , would n’t be fundamentally different . " It falls in that category , " Biden told me . " It It one thing to say : ‘ I think the proposal on the following is a serious mistake . I think it It gon na do the following damage.’ It It another thing to say , ‘ Helms ’s a fucking idiot , and he Helms an egomaniac who ’s a whatever . ’’ u2009 " Biden suggested Biden might Biden former Republican colleagues when " circumstances generate blowback among mainstream Republicans . " He remains Biden the shrinking camp that believes Trump may yet step up , at least a bit , to the demands of high office . His hope Biden that Trump ’s Trump sense of grandeur is so immense that he ’d Biden succeed than unleash these forces . " Given how many Trump voters Trump lose their insurance Trump voters full repeal of the Affordable Care Act , he may Biden back off of repealing it , the Affordable Care Act said . As for the rest of his own Biden ’s legacy , he said Biden " I ’m not prepared to bet my granddaughter ’s college tuition , but it ’s my granddaughter’s college tuition likely to be undone than frayed on the edges . " Biden ’s Biden is that Trump , for all his bluster , Biden be a global bystander , unwilling to engage a messy world with anything more than   . " The question I get everywhere is : ‘ Is American leadership going to continue ? ’’ u2009 " he told me Biden Air Force Two . If Trump " just Trump behind the lines   —    hands off   —    it could be Trump "just stays behind the lines  —   hands off  —    ugly . Very , very ugly . " In July , the president of Latvia asked Biden to fly there as soon as possible and give a televised speech assuring the Baltic states that the United States would fulfill its NATO obligations the United States defend them against a Russian invasion . He did so the president of Latvia emphatically , but his promises offer the president of Latvia comfort    Day . The prospect of Vladimir Putin fulfilling his dream of Vladimir Putin Russian hegemony over Eastern Europe is not far from Biden ’s mind . " Now if we walk away   —    Hungary , Poland , even the Baltic states , these guys all start to hedge their bets , these guys all he said . Biden’s ’s national Biden adviser , Colin Kahl , who was with the vice president on the plane , interjected to outline the contradictions in Trump ’s emerging foreign policy . If the United States is going to be more cooperative with Russia and Bashar   ’s Syria but more confrontational with Iran , Kahl asked , how will Trump handle them Trump together Syria but more confrontational with Iran fight ISIS ? " It ’s like a Rubik ’s cube trying to figure this guy out , " Biden sighed . " We have no freakin’ idea what he ’s gon Biden do . " When they were Senate colleagues , and Biden was chairman Biden the Foreign Relations Committee , Biden thought Obama Biden in too much of a hurry   —    and Obama found the Obama a chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee . But in the White House , the two men became exceptionally close . " There was never a point , " Obama told me recently Obama " where I thought he was distancing Biden from me Biden positioning himself . Never Biden a time when he was n’t Biden me something he really thought Biden " Their families , too , drew together . " Family has been central for us   —    that ’s our baseline , " us told me . Obama We both feel freer to do what we think is right us if it does n’t work out , our families will still us us . " Biden us told friends that Biden thought the president was the president of Latvia out for Biden in 2015 when Biden advised Biden not to run   —    though Biden also felt Obama had grown fond of Obama bright mark Biden could leave on history by passing the baton from the first black president to the first female president . The big question now is when , and how , they will    the arena . Obama has already said that Obama unlike George W. Bush , he wo n’t refrain from Obama on his successor . Biden may Obama further . Amid discussion of resistance to Trump , Biden surprised me with talk of 2020 , when Biden ’ll turn 78 . " I ’ll run , " the vice president deadpanned , " if I can walk . " Three days later , he informed the vice president Washington press corps that he was Washington   is n’t likely to run , but keeping the door ajar gives Biden a bigger voice in Democratic Party debates . The one that worries Biden most is over repositioning to win back Trump voters . Biden has little patience with Democrats who want to move either left or right . " ’u2009‘We got ta move to the center,’ ‘ We got ta move to those white guys,’ ‘ We got ta move to those    people’ or ‘ We got ta double down on the social agenda . We u2009 " It ’s a false choice , he said : " They are totally compatible . I have never said anything to the A. C. L. U. that I would n’t say to the Chamber of Commerce . " This was the vision of the Democratic Party to which Biden had dedicated Biden career . " Amtrak Joe " famously commuted every day from Wilmington to Washington   —    three hours    Washington 36 years . He told me that as the train neared Baltimore , the A. C. L. U. habitually peered into the rapidly passing homes close to the A. C. L. U. tracks   —    a flip book of    families of various backgrounds who might have recognized themselves in his convention speech . " I wonder what families of various backgrounds who might have recognized themselves in his convention speech conversation the A. C. L. U. the dinner table is , " he told me . Sometimes he saw his own family the A. C. L. U. the early 1960s in the A. C. L. U. houses the A. C. L. U. He imagines the families’ struggles with everyday expenses : " the A. C. L. U. , we need a new set of tires , but you got ta get another 20 , 000 miles out of them.’ That ’s the goddamn discussion people are having ! That ’s their lives ! " Before the election , Biden had the goddamn discussion people to map out what his     Biden would look like . Soon he would Biden back on Amtrak , riding to and from a    institute bearing his name Biden the University of Pennsylvania and a    center at the University of Delaware , and continuing the " cancer moonshot "   —    a    initiative marshaling resources in government and the private sector to accelerate cancer research . In the meantime , he ’ll Biden play defense against Trump . Trump Even if the Democratic Party did n’t want me , I ’m the Democratic Party , " he said Biden " I ’ve worked on this stuff my whole life . " After Air Force Two touched down Air Force Two in Wilmington , I asked him about Biden line he liked Biden use before the Wilmington . " So do you still believe what your grandfather said , the election looks out for drunken Irishmen and the United States of America ? " Biden said he was n’t Biden about Biden Irishmen , but he was about the country Biden " I have to believe Irishmen " he said . " There America sense being in this business unless you ’re an optimist . " 
 