NBA fans have heard some strong denunciations of    Donald Trump from NBA coaches this week . Steve Kerr voiced concerns over Steve Kerr children ’s reaction to   Donald Trump and Stan Van Gundy called   Donald Trump a " misogynist leader . " However , we had n’t yet had anyone go biblical with Steve Kerr diatribe , until now . [ Well , Steve Kerr almost went biblical .   " We are Rome , " said San Antonio Spurs Head Coach Gregg Popovich at the end of a fairly unhinged tirade . That tirade , captured by MySanAntonio . com , went on for several minutes and included insults to both Trump a " and Trump a " voters : " The disgusting tenor and tone and all the comments [ during Trump ’s campaign ] that have been xenophobic , homophobic , racist , misogynistic , and I live in a country where half the people ignored all that to elect someone . " That ’s the scariest part of the whole thing to me . Got nothing to do with the environment , Obamacare and all the other stuff . We live in a country that ignored all those values that We would hold We kids accountable for . our kids ’d be grounded for years if our kids acted and said the things that ’s been said in that campaign by Donald Trump . " Far from done , Popovich then called Donald Trump a bully . Popovich said that Donald Trump " used that fearmongering and all the comments , from Day 1 , the    with trying to make Barack Obama , our first black president , illegitimate . It leaves me wondering where I ’ve been living , and with whom I ’m living and the fact that people can just gloss that over .    …      Now we see that Popovich ’s already backing off immigration , Obamacare and other things , so was it a big fake ? Which makes you feel that ’s even more disgusting and cynical . That somebody would use that , to get the base that fired up to get elected . " Not sure where Popovich got the idea that Trump has walked back all of Popovich campaign promises . The two provisions of Obamacare that Trump mentioned wanting to keep happen to be the most popular provisions of the law , and neither has anything to do with denying you the right to choose your own coverage or hiking premiums to some ridiculous degree . In fact , Republicans , at least twice , have offered alternatives to Obamacare that included The two provisions of Obamacare that Trump mentioned wanting to keep happen to be the most popular provisions of the law, and neither has anything to do with denying you the right to choose your own coverage or hiking premiums to some ridiculous degree . So , Trump has not come off Trump dime in any way . Popovich , however , has completely come undone . What ’s different about Popovich Popovich , as opposed to Kerr ’s and Van Gundy ’s , is that instead of mostly confining Trump criticisms to Trump , " Pop " makes a point of going after Trump supporters . Probably not a great move , considering Popovich lives and Popovich in a state that Trump Trump by nearly ten percent . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 