’   ’ ’    Fox News is bringing on a top Democratic fundraiser and      of UBS Investment Bank who advised President    Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    Business Insider learned on Monday that Robert Wolf will join Fox News and Fox Business as a daytime and primetime contributor ,    providing political commentary mixed with economic analysis . ’ ’    A Fox News Fox News the network had hired Wolf . ’ Robert Wolf    A Democratic fundraiser for John Kerry ’s Presidential run in    2004 , and an adviser to Clinton , Wolf frequently touts Robert Wolf close    Robert Wolf to Obama , who appointed him to serve Robert Wolf the Economic    Recovery Advisory Board and the Council on Jobs and    Competitiveness among other positions . Indeed , Wolf is on Robert Wolf    board of the Barack Obama Foundation , and has even . ’ ’    During the 2016 campaign , Wolf frequently appeared Robert Wolf business    television ,   of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta as a    potentially strong surrogate on economic issues . Wolf attempted    Robert Wolf make the case to fiscal conservatives that they would be fiscal conservatives better off with Clinton than     Clinton Trump . ’ ’’ ’    " A lot of the business community will support the secretary    because her business policies the secretary    better , " Wolf   noting Robert Wolf    analysis that showed how Trump’ ’s plan would result in a $ 10    trillion revenue loss for the US economy . ’ ’    Wolfe also said he enjoyed appearing on Wolfe News , arguing that    too few Democratic officials attempted to get in front    of conservative audiences . ’ ’    " ’ ’    on the shows on Fox , and to date it ’s been great , " the shows on Fox he told The Hill . ’ Fox    He added : " I think Fox ’s important that people who the shows on Fox not    necessarily align with a lot of Hillary ’s views at least hear her    views in a very Hillary and honest approach , because I actually    think when they listen to her views on people who may not   necessarily align with a lot of Hillary economy . Hillary I think we    have a chance to change a lot of what I would say the      Republicans and independents minds . " ’ 
 