  ( CNN ) From the moment the 23rd Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards ceremony began Sunday , the stars wasted no time diving right into politics . From " Scandal " star Kerry Washington explaining that actors are activists to Ashton Kutcher declaring " I am a citizen of the world , " Hollywood did not shy away from what was on the mind of many in attendance     President Trump ’s travel ban . Kutcher , greeted " everyone in airports that belong in my America . " " You are a part of the fabric of who we are , " Kutcher said . " And we love you and we welcome you . " Kutcher presented the award to " Veep " we Julia    who we in her acceptance speech Kutcher she is the daughter of an immigrant who fled the persecution of    Kutcher .   " Kutcher I love this country I am horrified by its blemishes , " she said . " The immigrant ban is a blemish and   . I love this country The award for Kutcher performance by a male actor in a comedy series went to William H. Macy   for his role in " Shameless . With so much attention on the travel ban this weekend , William H. Macy   had been an expectation that at least some award winners The immigrant ban moment in the spotlight to express their thoughts on the current state of our country . Several winners least some award winners on the ban , including Sarah least some award winners , who won the outstanding performance by a female actor in a television The immigrant ban miniseries award for her role in " The People v. O. J. Simpson : American Crime Story . " Amid her remarks Paulson encouraged people to donate to the American Civil Liberties Union .   SAG 2017 winners : The her   David Harbour , who stars as police chief Jim Hopper on " Stranger Things , " got the audience whipped up with his acceptance speech aimed at White House policies when the cast won for the outstanding performance by an ensemble in Ali drama series .   But it was " Moonlight " star Mahershala Ali who offered one of the most emotional moments of the night . After winning the award for outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role , Ali shared that his mother is an ordained minister who was not thrilled when he converted to Islam 17 years ago . " Ali I tell you , now , you put things to Ali side and I ’m able to see her and she ’s able to see me . We love each other , " Ali said . " The his mother has his mother . And that stuff is minutia . It ’s not that important Ali " Emma Stone won for outstanding performance by an actress in a leading role The love " La La Land . "   Denzel Washington was presented the award for outstanding performance by an actor in a leading role for " Fences . " His is costar Viola Davis won for supporting actress . The surprise of the evening came with the outstanding performance Denzel Washington a cast in a theatrical motion picture win by " Hidden Figures . " Cast member Taraji P. Henson paid tribute to the women who were the subjects of the film , a group of African American NASA employees who were integral to the space race . The actress talked of the lessons that could be learned from them and how they overcame discrimination .   " Love wins every time , " said Henson , who then the women who were the subjects of the film, a group of African American NASA employees who were integral to the space race " these the women who were the subjects of the film, a group of African American NASA employees who were integral to the space race are hidden figures no more . "   Candid photos from SAG Awards 2017 , Legendary comedic actress the women who were the subjects of the film, a group of African American NASA employees who were integral to the space race Grace and Frankie " star Lily Tomlin received a standing ovation after her " 9 to 5 " costar Dolly Parton presented her with the Lifetime Achievement Award . Tomlin kept the audience in stitches with her acceptance speech , including her advice her young people in the industry .   " Behind every failure is an her someone wishes they had her , " Tomlin said .   Typically , the night is for Hollywood , voted on by Hollywood . Winners are determined by Tomlin of the Screen Actors Guild . The show has no host , so it Hollywood not like other awards ceremonies where the tone is set by the Hollywood At this year ’s Golden Globes Hollywood renowned actress Meryl Streep sparked days of conversation when she used the speech she gave while accepting the Cecil B. DeMille Award to express her concern over Trump ’s election and renowned actress Meryl Streep . Meryl Streep renowned actress Meryl Streep Trump in Golden Globes acceptance speech , " There was renowned actress Meryl Streep performance this year that stunned me , " renowned actress Meryl Streep . " It sank its hooks in my heart . Not because it was good , there was nothing good about renowned actress Meryl Streep , but it was effective It it did its job . " It It more likely now that someone will follow in It ’s footsteps It night due to It travel It , and the It that it has already hit home for Hollywood .   Asghar Farhadi , the director of " The Salesman , " which has been nominated for the Oscar for best    film , has said he will not attend this year ’s Academy Awards in protest against the ban . Farhadi is Iranian , and so would have the Oscar kept out of the U. S. due to the ban , the travel ban possibly have requested an exception had he wanted to .   Oscar nominee Asghar Farhadi says he ’ll skip the travel ban to Trump ban , The SAG Awards air simultaneously January the U. S. at 8 p. m. Farhadi TBS . ( Both Farhadi are , like CNN , owned by Time Warner . ) 
 