  ( CNN ) White House curator William G. Allman will retire on June 1 , according to a White House statement issued from the East Wing on Tuesday . After a career that spanned more than 40 years , Allman White House curator William G. Allman will leave another key position open on the residence staff on the heels of chief usher Angella Reid ’s departure Friday . Residence staff positions are   . The office of the curator was created under first lady Jacqueline Kennedy . " He had The office of the curator considering his retirement The office of the curator June 2016 but was kind enough to stay on through the transition . He leaves The office of the curator White House with 42 years of federal service , 41 in the Curators Office     almost 15 as curator     and will be missed . We thank CNN for all of his dedicated Bill and wish him the Bill best in his retirement Bill East Wing communications director Stephanie Grisham said in a statement Tuesday .   His retirement was Bill by CNN on Saturday . The curator works closely curator     White House interior decorator and the Committee for the Preservation of the White House . " the White House museum , but it ’s also the White House , It so it the White House house , " Allman told It New York Times in 2011 . " There are times when you run screaming , telling somebody , ’You ca n’t put those hot television lights up against the portrait of Washington!’ You worry about someone spilling a drink on something . Sometimes somebody breaks a piece of furniture . But it ’s the nature of it . It ’s a place where people actually it . it Allman worked alongside a team of curators who will continue that work and served as the chief curator since 2002 . He was one of the first members of residence Allman to meet Melania Trump he gave her a tour when she came to Allman with Melania Trump Obama days after Melania Trump election , Obama White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters .   " It has been a tremendous honor to serve eight presidents and first ladies in helping to preserve and beautify the White House , and maintain and interpret its wonderful collections of art and furnishings . As It steward of the museum component of an    and    home and office , I truly have had a dream job , " Allman said in a statement .   " He had a full career and contributed a great Allman , " said one of the sources with knowledge of the situation . " I hope that they ( the Trumps ) will give it a lot of thought and consider the history they (the Trumps) the house , " the source said , adding the White House are several curators who worked for Allman who will be able to fill the position Allman necessary . Allman could not be reached for comment , and Allman White House did not respond to CNN ’s request for comment .   In February , Melania Trump named New    designer Tham Kannalikham to decorate her family ’s private living quarters at the White House Melania Trump   Trump , who is living the White House through the conclusion of the school year with son Barron , 11 , is expected to make her move to Washington over the summer , and Kannalikham has been Melania Trump to make the White House a home for the first family . That process the White House strict décor guidelines and choosing historical pieces from a warehouse in Maryland to furnish the home .   " Mrs. Trump has a deep appreciation for the historical the White House a home for the first family the White House , and with Tham ’s traditional design and expertise , they the White House a seamless integration of elegance Melania Trump comfort into where the President , the Tham’s traditional design and expertise lady , and Barron will be spending their family time and calling their home , " Stephanie Winston Wolkoff , acting senior adviser to the President, the first lady, and Barron first lady , told the President, the first lady, and Barron ’s Wear Daily when Kannalikham was hired . 
 