A month after Hillary Clinton ’s devastating election loss to Donald Trump , progressives have placed blame for progressives defeat on everything from " fake news " to racism to Russian hackers . [ Below is a roundup of the scapegoats progressives blame for Hillary Clinton loss .   1 . " Fake News " Hillary Hillary Clinton her first Hillary Clinton speech since her election Hillary Clinton to blame the " epidemic " rise of fake news for her defeat Hillary Clinton " The epidemic of malicious fake news and false propaganda that flooded social media over the past year   —    it ’s now clear the    fake news can have    consequences    " Clinton said Hillary Clinton this month in a speech on Capital Hill . Clinton said Hillary Clinton lives are at risk " because of fake news , calling it " fake news danger that must be addressed and addressed quickly . " 2 . Huma Abedin , Clinton advisors Hillary Clinton still reeling from defeat , blamed her longtime Hillary Clinton Huma Abedin for their loss Huma Abedin, Clinton advisors " She was Hillary Clinton the red carpet and enjoying the photo spreads much too much in my opinion , " a close Clinton insider Hillary Clinton Vanity Fair . " She enjoyed Hillary Clinton a celebrity too much . " Abedin , who ’d spent 20 years as one of Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton confidants , caused a campaign crisis weeks before the election after the FBI announced that emails related to its Clinton the FBI Hillary Clinton investigation were found on a laptop shared by Abedin and her estranged Abedin Anthony Weiner , who is being investigated for allegedly sending sexually explicit messages to a     girl . 3 . Putin ’s " Personal Beef " Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton week that Russia ’s hack of her campaign was Hillary Clinton attack " to undermine our democracy , " and was ordered by Vladimir V. Putin Putin has a personal beef Putin me . " " Putin Putin blamed me for Putin outpouring of outrage by his own people , and Putin is the direct line between what he said back then and Putin he did in this election Putin " Clinton said in speech to a group of donors referencing charges she made that the Russian Clinton rigged the Putin his country in 2011 . " Vladimir Putin himself directed the covert cyberattacks Putin system , against our democracy , apparently because he has a personal beef against me , " Putin said . 4 . FBI Director James Comey Clinton During a    conference call with Clinton surrogates , Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta referred to FBI Director Clinton Comey as the person " who FBI Director James Comey cost us the election , " The Hill reported . Two weeks before we Day , Comey wrote a letter to Congress informing lawmakers of the discovery of FBI Director James Comey new batch of emails ( found on Weiner ’s computer ) related to the investigation of Clinton ’s use of a private email server while she was Secretary of State . Two days before the election , Clinton announced the FBI found no new information in the emails . Clinton by then , Clinton ’s camp believes the damage to their campaign had already been Clinton’s 5 . Millennials , Clinton campaign Clinton’s camp Robby Mook mentioned young voters as one of the Clinton for Clinton ’s loss . During an election postmortem event at Harvard , Clinton Clinton’s on " young people " who " were voting for    candidates " as one of the reasons Clinton loss . 6 . Racism   During the same    session Clinton Harvard , Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri blamed Breitbart News and its former executive Harvard turned Trump campaign CEO Stephen K. Bannon for Clinton ’s Breitbart News . " If providing a platform for white supremacists Clinton a brilliant tactician , I am proud to have lost , " Palmieri said . " I would rather lose than win the way you guys did Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri " 7 . White women who voted for Trump , Clinton campaign celebrity surrogate Lena Dunham scorned    white women who voted for Clinton Trump , and blamed them for her candidate ’s defeat . " It ’s painful to know that white white women who voted for Donald Trump , so unable to see the unity of female identity , so unable to look past their violent privilege , and so inoculated with hate for themselves , showed up to female identity polls for him , too , " Dunham wrote female identity an essay for her Lenny Letter blog published days after the election Clinton campaign celebrity surrogate Lena Dunham 8 . Electoral college , Clinton campaign celebrity surrogate Lena Dunham his final press briefing of the year , President Obama blamed the Electoral College for President Obama Clinton ’s election loss . The Electoral College , Obama said , is one of the " structures in our the Electoral College envisioned President Obama the Founders that sometimes are going to disadvantage Democrats . " " The Electoral College is a vestige , it ’s a carryover from an earlier vision of how the Electoral College was going to work that put the Electoral College lot of premium on states , " he added . 9 . " Voter Suppression "   Democratic National Chair Donna Brazile blamed " brand new voting restrictions put in place " to depress votes in " many swing states . " " In many swing states , voter suppression succeeded in its ultimate , if unstated goal : diluting democracy through disfranchisement , " Brazile wrote weeks after the election voter suppression Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 Voter Suppression"  Democratic National Chair Donna Brazile 