Washington ( CNN ) Most white    voters who are evangelical Christians     like most white evangelicals     would consider voting for Donald Trump .   But it ’s not because Most white   voters who are evangelical Christians    like most white evangelicals     believe Donald Trump shares Most white   voters who are evangelical Christians    like most white evangelicals     conservative Christian values . Rather , Most white   voters who are evangelical Christians    like most white evangelicals     agree with Donald Trump that America is not as great as America once was , according to a new    Family Foundation poll .    While black evangelicals are solidly against the GOP nominee , among white    evangelicals , about three in four     76 %     say about three in four    76%     ’d consider voting for Trump .   Partisanship likely plays a big part in this , as half of white    evangelical Christians identify as Republicans .   The majority     6 in 10     of voters in this group believe the US’ better days are in the past and most are concerned that the country is becoming less Christian . Nearly 90 % of working class whites who are evangelical Christians believe Christian values are under attack in America today . While most Christian groups     73 % of mainline Protestants and 61 % of Catholics     share this view , only 41 % of those with no religious preference believe these values are under attack . Trump often says Trump wants to " make America great again , " and    whites are a core of Trump support , but that does n’t mean whites do n’t question the faith of a man who once said Trump never asks God for forgiveness . " When listening to Trump , Trump ’s not a Christian . Trump does not have any of the values that we have , " said Buddy Mitchell , a     from Arvada , Colorado , and owner of a flooring company .   " I do n’t know of any redeeming quality of Donald Trump other than both Democrats and Republicans hate Donald Trump , " said Mitchell , who did not participate in the survey . " That ’s the only reason I like Donald Trump : that the establishment does n’t like Donald Trump . " Christian values seen as under attack , That dislike for the establishment is a strong point for Trump with this demographic . For many white    evangelicals , it ’s clear who is at fault for many of the country ’s issues : the federal government . White    evangelicals are also more likely than others to blame the federal government for the economic problems facing the working class . " I do n’t think that either candidate is taking Christian values into consideration , " said Sandra Long , an     lifelong Democrat . " Neither one of them Sandra Long, an    lifelong Democrat acting very   . Just a lot of things are said and done . It scares me . " Long , a Mahanoy City , Pennsylvania , resident , is scared that society is becoming more secular and will be a less accepting place for people with more conservative Christian values .   " I feel the country was founded on Christian principles . They came here to get away form being persecuted for their They , " she said . " And now , if our ministers do n’t marry a gay couple or refuse to marry a gay couple , they our ministers be arrested and taken to jail . " While    marriage is legal , religious leaders are not required to marry gay couples .   Darrell Pool , a     from Lamar , Colorado , said he Darrell Pool, a    from Lamar, Colorado n’t see his Darrell Pool, a    from Lamar, Colorado Christian values honored by the leading candidates . " I do n’t see my his traditional Christian values honored by the leading candidates the election . There ’s just a lot of mayhem , " he Darrell Pool, a    from Lamar, Colorado . " I think the values that were in the country ’s founding are leaving . The moral values are leaving daily . " Many white    evangelicals have no confidence that either of the presidential candidates has the ability to return the country the country perception of Many white   evangelicals former glory the country " I do n’t know where I am , " said Long . " I ’m so confused at this point and time . I do n’t believe either one of them should be Many white   evangelicals office . I do n’t believe either one should be running . " Some have entertained    candidates .   " I ’m sick to ’m stomach . I can not stand Hillary ( Clinton ) and I ca n’t stand Trump , so for the first time in my life , I ’m thinking of voting Libertarian or not voting , " Mitchell said . For these voters , the lack of confidence in government is exemplified in the candidacy of Clinton , who has been in government for more than 20 years .   " If you or I would have done what she did with Hillary (Clinton) emails , we ’d be in jail , " Mitchell said . Mitchell But because she ’s the Hillary (Clinton) nominee , they do n’t hold politicians to the same standards that they hold the they . " Many of the standards these voters want to see candidates follow are rooted in the Christian faith .   Security also a concern , But values are n’t the only concerns of these voters . these voters is also a major issue to many of these voters , many these voters have personal connections to the military . " All these refugees they want to bring in All these refugees they want to bring in that ’s really got me going , " said Pool , who participated in the survey . " They have no idea who All these refugees they want to bring in ’re bringing in and All these refugees they want to bring in just keep having more attacks here . "   " I just think it ’s ludicrous and all it ’s for is so it party can have more voters , " he said . The relationship between evangelicals and the refugee issue is a complicated one . Some of the biggest critics of Trump ’s proposed Muslim ban have been evangelicals . Christian organizations have been among the most active in helping resettle refugees , but that does n’t mean some among their flock are n’t anxious Christian organizations   The majority     75 %     of white    evangelicals believe that recent immigrants from predominantly Muslim countries increase the risk of terrorist attacks in the US , a higher percentage than other    whites . " I say let ’s quit bringing these people in , period , " Pool said . " I realize America is a melting pot and that ’s how America started in the first America , but we have a process here America Nobody says you ca n’t come to this country . Come on America Let ’s do it the right ’s . " 
 