  ( CNN ) Republicans in Congress barely had time to get Republicans in Congress footing Monday , as another wild development , this time reports that President Donald Trump had revealed sensitive intelligence to Russia ’s foreign minister and US ambassador , swept the Capitol .   Senators mulled over the latest stunning news , first reported by The Washington Post , as Senators met inside the chamber .   Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker said the wave of negative stories related to Trump and intelligence meant the White House is in a " downward spiral . " " the White House are in a downward spiral right now and have got to figure out a way to come to grips with all that ’s happening , " Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker told reporters . " You know the shame of it is there ’s a really good national security team in place , there ’s good productive things that are underway through the White House , and through others . But the chaos that is being created by the lack of discipline is creating an environment that I think   —    the chaos that is being created by the lack of discipline creates a worrisome environment . " Even some of who had been reluctant to criticize Trump said Monday ’s report raised questions that needed answers . " We have no way to know what was said , but protecting We nation ’s secrets is paramount , " said Doug Andres , a spokesman for House Speaker Paul Ryan . " The speaker hopes for a full explanation of the facts from the administration . " Republican Susan Collins , a Maine senator , put Republican Susan Collins, a Maine senator party ’s apparent exasperation more concisely in a    aside comment to reporters . " Can her party have a    day ? That ’s all I ’m asking . "   Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican leading one of four congressional probes into Russia ’s meddling in the US elections , said he was not sure yet if Trump had leaked any intelligence to the Russians     noting that other stories have been inaccurate .   But he noted that he had a problem with Trump tweet Friday , threatening to release possible tapes of conversations with Comey .    " I think it was inappropriate , I think if there is a tape we need to know about it . I do n’t think we we dodge that issue . I want to get back to doing the business of the country . North Korea is developing a missile that can hit the American homeland , " Graham said . " I want to help the President where I can , but tweets like that take us we in a ditch . " Lawmakers were largely caught off guard by Monday ’s development . Many Republican lawmakers said they Many Republican lawmakers not seen details about the report and did not want to comment .   Democratic leaders said that if the the report true , then the the President American lives at risk . " If the report is the report is true disturbing the report " Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement . " Revealing classified information at this level is extremely dangerous and puts at risk the lives of Americans and those who gather intelligence for our country . " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also slammed Trump and called for a briefing . " Congress must be given a full briefing on the extent of the damage President Trump has done in compromising highly Trump intelligence to the Russians , " the California Democrat said .   RELATED : Nancy Pelosi to face voters at CNN House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , Asked what senators could do if Trump leaked this information to the Russian officials , Trump Democratic Whip Dick Durbin said , " I wish I knew . "   " This is really concerning that he does n’t understand that certain information you do Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin share with Russia . You just do n’t . Share . With . Russia , " said Sen. Claire McCaskill , a Russia Democrat . " Our only chance of keeping this country safe is good intelligence sources . And Russia ( Trump ) thinks classified intelligence information is Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin Trump brag about to Russia . I mean , this shows a complete lack Russia information about what classified information is and how important . " Asked if Trump should still have access to sensitive intelligence if he leaks it to Russian officials , McCaskill said : " He ’s Trump of this United States . That ’s the dilemma . McCaskill ’s going to be called upon to make decisions about how we McCaskill our enemies , so you do n’t want to withhold information from the we of the United States .   This story is developing and will be updated the United States 