CLEVELAND   —    Senator Ted Cruz of Texas did not come here this week to unite Republicans around Republicans presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump . Armed with Senator Ted Cruz of Texas usual arsenal of florid oratory ,    and blunt force , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas came instead to rally their presidential nominee, Donald J. Trump , someday , around Senator Ted Cruz of Texas . He Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , at least for the moment . And in the process , he Senator Ted Cruz of Texas to do the unthinkable   —    make Mr. Donald J. Trump like a victim . Determined to be more than just another speaker and looking beyond the November election , Mr. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas with aides for weeks to fashion a speech that they hoped would define him beyond Senator Ted Cruz of Texas failed Senator Ted Cruz of Texas quest for the White House and advance his image Senator Ted Cruz of Texas Tea Party upstart to a modern version of his idol Senator Ted Cruz of Texas Ronald Reagan . He offered Senator Ted Cruz of Texas paeans on Wednesday to an America that included gays and atheists and where heroism was displayed not just by service members fighting terrorism on the front lines but also by the forgiving families of those killed last year at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston , S. C. He spoke Senator Ted Cruz of Texas a broader audience of Americans that many have accused Republicans of ignoring . But then he twisted Senator Ted Cruz of Texas knife in Mr. Trump ’s back , suggesting that the leadership of that America should not fall to the man his party Senator Ted Cruz of Texas the Republican Party nominate . Mr. Cruz is clearly gambling that Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump lose , perhaps embarrassingly , and that when he does Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump emerge as Mr. Cruz spokesman for the Republican Party ’s core conservative principles . As the only contender to even put a dent in Mr. Trump ’s support Mr. Trump a fully operational campaign apparatus still in place , he may be the best positioned Mr. Trump of the gate in 2020 . But for now , it appears that Mr. Cruz ’s raw ambition   —    which fueled his audacious 2012 Senate primary victory over his Mr. Cruz ’s lieutenant governor , the disastrous Mr. Cruz shutdown he led a year later and his subsequent Mr. Cruz on the Republicans who did Mr. Cruz support it   —    has backfired . In the cold light of morning Thursday , Mr. Cruz found himself facing down furious delegates Mr. Cruz own state Mr. Cruz a public breakfast , who Mr. Cruz him he needed to back Mr. Trump now . Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz it ! " one shouted during a blistering       session . " Do it now ! " Mr. Cruz resisted in his it manner , saying Mr. Cruz to be a Mr. Cruz servile puppy dog . Mr. Cruz He put the blame for his disloyalty on Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz repeated attacks on his Mr. Cruz during the Mr. Trump admirers and his Mr. Cruz colleagues took to television to criticize him , Mr. Cruz times with profane language , the way Mr. Cruz Senate colleagues have been doing for years behind closed Mr. Cruz . " Lucifer is back , " cracked the former House speaker , John A. Boehner , who was watching the convention with his wife and friends , according to an aide . " He Lucifer betrayed what our mission is here , which is to Lucifer in November , " said Nicholas A. Langworthy , a delegate from New York and chairman of Mr. Langworthy Langworthy said Lucifer " He slit his own throat . He is finished in national Republican Lucifer . Lucifer Representative Charlie Dent Lucifer a Pennsylvania Republican who has himself been critical of Mr. Trump , had harsh words for Mr. Lucifer after his Wednesday remarks . " Senator ’s Cruz ’s opposition is not Lucifer in principle but entirely personal , which is interesting given his sniveling , obsequious and fawning defense of Trump early in the Lucifer campaign , " Mr. Dent said . " I suspect many Americans learned Mr. Cruz lot Lucifer Cruz last night and now better understand why so many in Congress harbor bitter feelings toward the junior senator from Texas Mr. Trump " Hours before Mr. Cruz ’s highly anticipated speech on Wednesday evening , his former campaign manager , Jeff Roe Mr. Cruz a call from Jason Miller , a former Cruz aide now advising Mr. Trump . Mr. Miller informed the Cruz team that " Mr. Trump Mr. Cruz appreciate " and " would remember it " if Mr. Cruz Cruz endorsed him in the speech , Mr. Mr. Roe When the Mr. Miller changed : There was still no endorsement . As Mr. Cruz prepared to Mr. Cruz supporters at an outdoor bar that Mr. Trump Mr. Roe suggested that the Trump campaign would have Mr. Cruz to object to . " I think they ’ll Mr. Roe with the speech , " he told reporters , interrupting his news Mr. Cruz when a call the speech Manafort , the Trump campaign chairman , came in . Mr. Roe was asked if Mr. Cruz ’s speech would focus Mr. Roe himself than on Mr. Trump . "   is not really his shtick , " Mr. Roe said to the reporters . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Roe were provided the Trump campaign a Mr. Roe of Mr. the speech remarks two hours before he gave them , both sides said , and were Mr. Roe to see that not only would Mr. Cruz not endorse Mr. Trump , but that he would suggest pointedly that Republicans should feel no obligation Mr. Cruz’s vote Mr. Roe Trump . Mr. Trump and his aides briefly Mr. Cruz’s bumping Mr. Cruz from the lineup , but quickly concluded Mr. Trump would bring more controversy to a convention that Mr. Cruz’s battered enough . Mr. Cruz and Mr. Mr. Trump expected the speech to generate an angry reaction , but both sides were unprepared for its Mr. Cruz’s As Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump on in silence , Mr. Trump Cruz read from a teleprompter , at first in lofty phrases that referred to the civil rights movement Mr. Trump the killing Mr. Cruz’s officers in recent weeks and one victim of a police shooting . He spoke of the inherent constitutional rights of all Americans , including gays Mr. Cruz Cruz used the code phrase " vote your conscience "   —    which in congressional terms means go the speech leaders   —    he was met with boisterous boos and hisses from the crowd , led by the New York delegation a few feet away . One delegate said that some people on the floor were reduced to tears because of their disappointment and fury . Senator Mr. Cruz McConnell , Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader , sat watching the speeches from a skybox Mr. Cruz arena , realizing that prime time America was now watching an " Apprentice " style version of what he and his Republican colleagues had suffered Mr. Cruz on the Senate floor , where Mr. Cruz once called him a liar . House Speaker Paul D. Ryan was backstage with Mike Pence , the governor of Indiana , whom he would soon introduce as the some people on the floor nominee for vice president , whose appropriate but mild remarks would be completely overshadowed by Mr. Cruz ’s spectacle . As Mr. Cruz slunk from the stage and Mr. Trump ’s son Eric took the lectern , Mr. Trump ’s aides sought out Apprentice" Gingrich Apprentice" the former House speaker , who was slated to speak after Mr. Trump ’s son Apprentice" " I do n’t think they realized how strong the reaction was going to be , " Mr. Gingrich said House Speaker Paul D. Ryan " They came to me and said : ‘ We need to get closure here . Let ’s talk it through.’ Mr. Cruz Mr. Gingrich would rebut Mr. Mr. Cruz directly praising Mr. Trump . " I sat down with the senior editor of the Mr. Trump was speaking , and over Mr. Cruz repair to the luxury convention suite of the Las Vegas casino magnate and Republican donor Sheldon Adelson , but he was turned away Mr. Cruz a freshman tossed out of a senior keg party . Andy Mr. Cruz a top aide to Mr. Cruz Adelson , Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz he was Mr. Cruz welcome there , according to Mr. Trump in Mr. Cruz suite who witnessed the Mr. Cruz . Mr. Cruz ’s ever done in America , " Mr. Gingrich said . ( He should know . ) Mr. Cruz clearly agrees . After his dismissal from Mr. Adelson ’s event , Mr. Mr. Cruz found a friendlier face . He went directly Mr. Cruz Ritz a few Mr. Cruz for drinks with Andrew F. Puzder , the    chief Mr. Cruz’s Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. and a major Republican donor Mr. Cruz raised cash for Mr. Cruz ’s campaign . Before long , Mr. Roe said , Mr. Cruz retired to his hotel room America keeping a lingering eye Mr. Cruz his Twitter feed . After 1 a. m. a    email for his Senate campaign flooded email inboxes . Subject line : " Our fight Senate Mr. Cruz " 
 Mr. Roe Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz 