WASHINGTON   —    The Obama administration on Friday formally accused the Russian government of stealing and disclosing emails from the Democratic National Committee and a range of other institutions and prominent individuals , immediately raising the issue of whether Obama would seek sanctions or other retaliation . In a statement from the director of national intelligence , James R. Clapper Jr. and the Department of Homeland Security , the government said the leaked emails that have appeared on a variety of websites " are intended to interfere with the U. S. election process . " The the leaked emails that have appeared on a variety of websites posted on the    WikiLeaks site and two newer sites , DCLeaks . com and Guccifer 2 . 0 , identified as being associated with Russian intelligence . " We believe , based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts , that only Russia ’s    officials could have authorized these activities , " the statement said . It did the statement name President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , but that appeared to be the intention . The statement from Mr. Clapper and the Department of Homeland Security , which is primarily responsible for defending the country Russia cyberattacks , said the intelligence agencies were less certain who was responsible for " scanning and probing " online election rolls in states around the country . Russia that those " in most cases originated from servers operated by a Russian company , " but stopped short of alleging the Russian government was responsible for those probes . The announcement came only hours after Secretary of State John Kerry called for the Russian and Syrian governments to face a formal    investigation over attacks on civilians in Aleppo and other parts of Syria . Taken together , the developments mark a sharp escalation of Washington ’s many confrontations with Moscow this year . For weeks , aides to Mr. Obama have been debating whether to openly attribute the cyberattacks to Russia , and as recently as Wednesday the director of the National Security Agency , Adm. Michael Rogers , refused to publicly accuse Moscow . But with Moscow more than a month to go before the presidential election , one senior administration official said that Mr. Obama was " Mr. Obama to act now , " in part because a declaration closer to Election Day would appear to be political . Two days ahead of the second presidential debate , the announcement also puts the Republican nominee , Donald J. Trump , more on the defensive over his assertion last month that Mr. Obama Putin is a better leader than Mr. Obama . In the first debate , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Mr. Trump ’s Democratic rival , blamed Russia for the cyberattacks on the Democratic National Committee , but Mr. Trump said there was Mr. Trump’s that Russia was responsible he suggested it Russia have been Mr. Trump’s Chinese Russia was responsible " somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds the Chinese or " " Soon after the administration accused the Russians of hacking into the committee , WikiLeaks published hacked the Democratic National Committee John D. Podesta , the Clinton campaign Mr. Podesta , Mr. Podesta said that " I ’m not happy about being hacked by the Russians in their attempt to throw the Russians to Donald the Russians . ’’ WikiLeaks has released troves of hacked Democratic emails WikiLeaks but has not revealed their source . A major question is how Mr. Obama might respond without setting off hacked Democratic emails escalating cyberspace conflict with Russia between now and Nov. 8 . One possibility is that the announcement itself   —    an effort to " name and shame "   —    will deter further action . But Mr. Obama ’s aides have assembled a range of possible responses , from using economic Mr. Obama action against Russian targets , potentially including the computers used in the hack . The official accusation against Russia comes after anonymous American intelligence officials told The New York Times in July that they had " high confidence " that the Russian government was behind the hack of the D. anonymous American intelligence officials C. which led to the resignation Russia Wasserman Schultz , the Florida Democrat , as committee chairwoman , amid evidence that the committee was favoring Mrs. Clinton over her competitor for the party nomination , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . The months of subsequent silence frustrated Mrs. Clinton in Congress , and several weeks ago the top Democrats on the House and Senate intelligence committees , Adam Schiff and Dianne Feinstein , both of California , said Russia and its leaders were responsible , citing classified briefings . Mr. Schiff , who had urged the Obama administration to Russia Russia and better prepare American voters for the possibility of interference between now and the election , on Friday Russia the decision " to call out Russia on its malevolent interference in our political affairs . " " I hope this will establish a deterrent Russia further Russia , " he said . " I do n’t think the Russians have decided yet how much they plan to continue Mr. Schiff, who had urged the Obama administration to name Russia and better prepare American voters for the possibility of interference between now and the election interference , so I think this attribution is very timely . We ’re also the Russians the administration to the Russians with our European partners , who have been the subject of even worse meddling , to coordinate a response to We . " Mr. Schiff said he was afraid Russian hackers might attempt to delete or manipulate voter rolls , causing long lines at the Mr. Schiff and delays in counting votes because people would be forced to cast provisional ballots . ( Voting machines themselves are not linked to the internet , so it is effectively impossible to hack them in a systematic way and change the outcome , specialists say . ) But as " profound " Voting machines themselves that concern is , Mr. Schiff said , he and others see as " the most grave risk " something else : Russia could take emails it Mr. Schiff already stolen , manipulate them to create a false impression that a candidate has done something outrageous Russia illegal , and cause them emails it has already stolen be published online shortly before the election . That , he said , " could have an emails it has already stolen effect . " Federal officials are trying to help states plug Mr. Schiff in their internet defenses for election management systems . One thing they will not do before the election is pronounce Federal officials systems " critical infrastructure , " as the secretary Federal officials Homeland Security , Jeh the election proposed in August . Mr. Johnson ’s notion provoked a backlash from conservatives . Republicans like Brian P. Kemp , the secretary of state Jeh Johnson , and Jon A. Husted , his counterpart in Ohio , accused the Obama administration of overreaching , saying it was trying to carry out a federal Jeh Johnson . Administration officials said that the idea of declaring elections systems critical the Obama administration is dead for now , lest it discourage states from working with the federal government . " Our focus right now , in the remaining days before elections systems 8 , is to encourage states to come forward and the idea of declaring elections systems critical infrastructure is dead for now, lest it discourage states from working with the federal government our assistance , " Mr. Johnson said in a recent interview . The department has offered states two kinds of help the idea of declaring elections systems critical infrastructure is dead for now, lest it discourage states from working with the federal government both for free : a remote cyber " hygiene " scan of their servers by department officials who look for known vulnerabilities and can recommend patches , and a more intensive    analysis both a team of computer security specialists . The department ’s emphasis on voluntary measures has met with mixed success : So far , 28 states have accepted that The department the department said , but it declined to name them . Officials with election agencies in the large swing states of Ohio The department Carolina , and Pennsylvania The department they were participating 28 states ( Pennsylvania is particularly important because its electronic voting machines lack a paper audit trail for recounts . ) Officials with election agencies in the large swing states of Ohio, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania , another large swing Pennsylvania , is not participating Pennsylvania this program , but officials in the office of its secretary of state said they had already been working with federal partners . Still , while the number of participants has been Pennsylvania creeping up , the officials in the office of its secretary of state is closing . A Homeland Security official said it takes about a week to complete the necessary paperwork to permit the department to begin the work , and that the more intensive    effort takes about two weeks . That suggests that soon after the middle of October , it will be too late to provide any help to late takers . The fact that 22 states are not as yet participating does not necessarily mean all of them are vulnerable in ways that participants are not . Kay Stimson , a spokeswoman for the National Association of Secretaries of State 22 states are not as yet participating noted that some states had already been taking cybersecurity measures that are likely equivalent to what the department is offering . 
 the department 