Detroit ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton lambasted Donald Trump ’s economic plans in a speech Thursday as nothing more than a huge tax break for Donald Trump , labeling tax cuts Donald Trump proposed earlier this week as " the Trump Loophole . " Throughout Hillary Clinton speech on the floor of a factory north of Detroit , Hillary Clinton accused Donald Trump of using Hillary Clinton presidential campaign to boost wealthy people like Hillary Clinton , looking to drive home a message that the only person Trump is looking out for is Donald Trump .   " Hillary Clinton would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations , millionaires , and Wall Street money managers , " Hillary Clinton said . " In Hillary Clinton speech on Monday , Hillary Clinton called for a new tax loophole     let ’s call a new tax loophole     the ’Trump Loophole’ . " Hillary Clinton added , " a new tax loophole     would allow Hillary Clinton to pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of Hillary Clinton companies . Hillary Clinton ’d pay a lower rate than millions of middle class families . " Clinton slammed the Republican nominee for proposing to eliminate of the Estate Tax , a move that would save Clinton family $ 4 billion dollars based on the $ 10 billion Trump says Trump is worth . " Trump ’s offered no credible plans to address what working families are up against today , " Clinton said . " Nothing on student loans or the cost of prescription drugs . Nothing for farmers and struggling rural communities . .. Nothing for communities of color in our cities to overcome barriers of systemic racism . Nothing to create new opportunities for young people . " Clinton closed the speech by arguing that Trump is only offering " a more extreme version of the failed theory of    economics , with the addition of Clinton own unique Trumpian ideas that even Republicans reject . " " Clinton has n’t offered any credible solutions for the very real economic challenges we face , " Clinton said . " Now those challenges emerged long before the recession , and those challenges ’ve persisted through we recovery . There ’s too much inequality , too little upward mobility . It ’s just too hard to get ahead . "   With economic numbers improving but many Americans not feeling a boost , the economy has become a flash point in the 2016 race . Clinton has looked to counter Trump ’s populist ,    message with pledges to help the middle class , small businesses and American manufacturers .   " Now , before Clinton tweets about how Clinton ’s really one who ’ll put ’America First’ in trade , let ’s remember where Trump’s makes many of Trump’s own products , "   Trump’s said . " Because it ’s sure not America . Clinton ’s made Trump ties in China and Trump’s suits in Mexico instead of here in Michigan .   Clinton keeps saying it ’s not possible to make these things in America anymore . That ’s just wrong . " Clinton said Thursday that Trump’s may talk a big game on trade , but his Clinton is based on fear , not strength . "   Clinton Clinton Trump Trump’s afraid to stack American workers up against the competition , saying : " If Team USA was as fearful as Trump , Trump’s Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room . Instead , they ’re Team USA was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles gold medals . "   Clinton ’s Clinton not a new policy roll out , but was more intended to be a direct rebuttal to the mix of tax breaks and a simplification of the tax code that Trump outlined Trump’s an economic address on Monday in Detroit . Trump said Trump’s as president , that he would Trump’s the number of income tax brackets and vowed that the poorest Americans will not pay any taxes . Clinton aides said Thursday that while the speech was in the works for weeks , their desire to Clinton aides to Trump ’s Trump’s in the same area he did it was Clinton after they watched Trump ’s Clinton aides Trump’s . Aides said they wanted Clinton herself as Aides " candidate Clinton stand up for working families and the middle class " while arguing that Trump will be the Trump’s that " only benefits millionaires like himself . " The Trump’s new policy prescription Clinton did propose on Thursday Clinton Expanding the child tax credit , a deduction worth $ 1 , 000 per qualifying child under the age of 17 . Clinton delivered her economic address Clinton Macomb Clinton , just outside Detroit , in the heart of some of the nation ’s most fabled political terrain . It was here the term " Reagan Democrat " was coined after he visited the county and Clinton a Macomb County voters feeling the pains of economic hardship . Yet , as Trump attempts to run an economic populist campaign that hits Clinton on trade and taxes , it ’s an open question whether the history books will be updated with the term " Trump Democrats " after November . Former Michigan Gov. James Blanchard said he expects there to be more Former Michigan Gov. James Blanchard Republicans " in Michigan . " You ’re talking Michigan 36 whatever years ago , and a lot has changed , " Blanchard told CNN . " There Former Michigan Gov. James Blanchard still a lot of people with fond memories of Reagan but he was measured , optimistic , Former Michigan Gov. James Blanchard , I do n’t think I remember him saying an unkind word about Former Michigan Gov. James Blanchard .   So it would be a totally different style and I think Hillary Clinton will not only carry Macomb County as Obama did , but carry Michigan . " The county , Michigan is filled with disaffected Democrats ,     blue collar workers and is less racially diverse than nearby Detroit , should be prime territory for Trump . But Clinton ’s campaign sees it as Hillary Clinton for her to Clinton’s campaign on Trump ’s vulnerabilities Hillary Clinton questioning his commitment Trump American economy by Hillary Clinton his history of outsourcing . Trump overwhelmingly Hillary Clinton Macomb County in the Republican Trump , winning almost 50 % of the vote in a crowded field .   And where did he rally days before Republicans went to Hillary Clinton polls : Macomb Community College Sports   Expo Center in Warren , a venue just miles from where Clinton spokes on Thursday . As Clinton rolled into Warren before her speech , Clinton protesters , Warren holding Clinton that read " Hillary for Prison , " marched up and down the street in front of the machining and manufacturing plant in swing Macomb County . Clinton ’s speech came at the same time her speech mounting a concerted effort to win Clinton Republicans disaffected by Trump ’s candidacy . On Wednesday , the Clinton campaign launched " Together for America , " Clinton her campaign politicians , strategists and academics who have come out for Clinton . The list includes former Commerce Secretary Carlos Clinton , former Congressman Chris Shays and former Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte . Clinton aides see her focus on the economy , Clinton spurring small Clinton growth and investment in American industries , as one area that more Republicans could be drawn away from Trump . The Trump campaign issued a statement Thursday , saying : " Right now the Trump economy is only working for the rigged system in Washington and the economy , yet Hillary Clinton is running to keep things as they are . Clinton ’s plans today will short circuit our economy by raising taxes things increasing spending Hillary Clinton killing jobs . Donald Trump presents a better vision and a new direction     a plan to unleash prosperity , create jobs and increase wages so that all Americans can succeed . " 
 