  ( CNN ) Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said Tuesday that Donald Trump ’s pick to quarterback the replacement of Obamacare , Tom Price , may have broken the law with a questionable stock purchase . " If Donald Trump knew about it , it could very well be a violation of the law , " Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer told CNN . " Now they say there ’s a broker , it a broker kind of strange that this a broker pick this stock totally independently of Donald Trump introducing legislation that ’s so narrow and specific to this company . " Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer also called for an investigation of Price after CNN CNN that Price bought Price to $ 15 , 000 worth of stock in Zimmer Biomet     a medical device maker     and then introduced a measure that would have directly benefited the company this company week after Price bought the Price , Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer put in a measure that would have delayed a new regulation that would have harmed the company . this company CNN CNN Trump ’s Cabinet pick invested in company , then introduced a bill to help it , " This is a very narrow , specific company that dealt with implants —   hip and knee —   and the legislation specifically affects implants . Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer puts it in a week This Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer buys the stock ? That cries out for an investigation , " Schumer told CNN . An aide to Price said that the stock was purchased the stock broker without Price ’s knowledge at the Price This explanation led Schumer to offer the caveat Schumer Price broke the law " if Price knew about " the Schumer before introducing the bill . Also on Tuesday , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders will meet with Price later Tuesday afternoon , one Price before Price is set to testify before Price , CNN has learned . The meeting was arranged per Sanders’ request , according to a congressional source . During the meeting , Sanders   — The meeting former 2016 presidential candidate who put pressure on Hillary Clinton from the left   —    wants to discuss GOP efforts to overhaul Obamacare , also known as the Affordable Care Act . Sanders also plans to discuss a new Congressional Budget Report report out Tuesday that discusses the potential harmful effects of Republicans’ plan to repeal Obamacare .   Price is facing a critical nomination battle to serve as Health and Human Services secretary , a job which would place him at the front of ending Obamacare Sanders crafting and managing the Republican alternative . 
 