  ( CNN ) Senate Republicans say Senate Republicans ’re not sure Senate Republicans can pass an Obamacare repeal bill this year , Senate Republicans have yet to decide what exactly will go into Senate Republicans legislation , and some have even suggested that Senate Senate vote on a health care bill as quickly as possible     even if it a health care bill .   And now , Democrats are taunting them Senate Republicans across the political aisle : Come work with us .   One month after House Republicans narrowly passed a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , GOP lawmakers in the Senate confronting similar roadblocks that made health care reform such a difficult political task in the lower chamber . With the summer recess fast approaching , some Senate Republicans Senate sounding increasingly skeptical that they can some Senate Republicans on their    some Senate Republicans promise to overhaul Obamacare this year .    That    uncertainty is energizing Democrats .    Determined    protect former President Barack Obama ’s landmark heath care law , Democrats are seizing the moment to repeatedly call on Republicans to abandon their repeal Democrats     and team up with Democrats on improving the Affordable Care Act instead . It ’s a rallying cry Democrats have been using for years , but one that has now gained renewed traction as Republicans struggle to put forth a repeal bill . " If the Republicans will set aside this partisan ,      kind of approach , we stand ready , if they ’re the Republicans to do that , to work cooperatively with them , the Republicans Oregon Sen. Ron Wyden said Tuesday . " This was their choice the Republicans Their choice their choice do it this way     hardball , ( budget ) reconciliation ,    put a gun to everybody ’s head . " Republicans have been using the    budget reconciliation process to try to gut Obamacare . It allows the Obamacare and the Senate to pass a bill with just a simple majority of votes . That means that in the Senate , the Senate pass the legislation with just 51 Republican " yes " votes .   Democrats have pointed to that strategy as irrefutable proof that Republicans have no interest in reaching across the aisle on health care . But as Republicans cast doubt on their prospects of passing Republicans wholesale repeal bill this year , Democrats are forcefully making the case there are potential areas of bipartisan cooperation . A Democratic Senate leadership aide told CNN on Tuesday that Senate Democrats see a growing recognition among some of their GOP colleagues that Senate Democrats partisan health care bill may not be able to produce enough Republican votes for passage .   " They need to be Senate Democrats see a growing recognition among some of their GOP colleagues that a partisan health care bill may not be able to produce enough Republican votes for passage to completely drop repeal , " the leadership aide said A Democratic Senate leadership aide message from Democrats and Republicans as : " We ’re ready to sit down and work with you as soon as you guys tell us you ’re off repeal . We ’ll get to work on us deal . "   Asked how realistic it is to expect Republicans to work with Democrats on health care , the aide simply said : " A Democratic Senate leadership aide more realistic the more Republicans continue to flail . "   Some centrist Republicans , like Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , have explicitly said that they would like the GOP to pursue Some centrist Republicans, like Sen. Susan Collins of Maine comprehensive and bipartisan health care bill . Collins , as well as Louisiana Sen. Sen. Susan Collins of Maine Cassidy , are among the handful of Republicans who have informally reached out to Democrats in recent weeks to discuss health care .    Democrats say bills aimed at stabilizing the private insurance market and bringing down the cost of medicine are just two examples of areas where Republicans may get Democratic cooperation .    But even as they insist that    ’re willing to Democrats with Republicans Democrats they abandon their repeal efforts , Senate Democrats also Democrats that they ca n’t underestimate the political will Senate Democrats Republicans to continue pushing for Obamacare repeal . " No matter what Republicans claim , they ’re working as hard as they Republicans to jam their version of Republicans through the Senate Republicans deliver a political win Senate Trump and massive tax breaks for those at the top , " Democratic Sen. Patty Murray said . " And the minute they get 50 votes , this bill will be on the floor . " 
 