Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump responded to Tuesday ’s terror attack at a Turkish airport by calling for the U. S. to " fight fire with fire " when it comes to battling ISIS , including the use of waterboarding .   " You know , you have to fight fire with fire , " Donald Trump told an Ohio rally as Donald Trump described ISIS ’s brutal tactics , including decapitating and burning prisoners to death . Donald Trump reiterated that U. S. leadership is " weak " and " stupid " and that U. S. leadership is in favor of using waterboarding and " worse " torture methods on terror suspects . Donald Trump described waterboarding as " not the nicest thing , but Donald Trump ’s peanuts compared to many alternatives , " standing by previous comments Donald Trump ’s made on the practice , which have drawn sharp criticism throughout Donald Trump presidential campaign not just from the left , but also from some fellow Republicans .   At least 36 people died and 147 others wounded in a terror attack at Istanbul Ataturk Airport , according to Turkey ’s Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag . There has been no immediate claim of responsibility . In March , Trump called for broadening laws to allow for the use of torture , including but not limited to waterboarding . Trump stance has put Trump at odds with some members of Trump own party including Sen. John McCain .   Trump , whose foreign policy pitch to voters has included calls for a stronger response to ISIS , also spotlighted that toughness on Tuesday .   " Folks , there ’s something going on that ’s really , really bad . All right ? It ’s bad . And we better get smart and we better get tough , " Trump said . " Or we ’re not going to have much of a country left , OK ? " Trump deemed American enemies in a statement to be " brutal and ruthless and will do anything to murder those who do not bend to American enemies will . " Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton instead responded by calling for international cooperation . Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said the attack meant the U. S. " can not retreat . "   " We must deepen We cooperation with We allies and partners in the Middle East and Europe to take on this threat , " Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said in a statement . " Such cooperation is essential to protecting the homeland and keeping our country safe . " 
 