Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stated that the country is " so divided , " people are upset over " what ’s been going on for years , " " we have to bring jobs back to the country , " and " experts , say this increases the vote for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump during an interview on MSNBC on Friday after cancelling his Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in Chicago .   Afteer stating that he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump the rally his rally in Chicago Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump it was the safer thing to do and that he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump n’t want to see anyone get hurt , Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , " We have a country that ’s so divided that maybe even you do n’t understand it . I ’ve never seen anything like it . And it has been going on for years . And on one side you have people that have n’t been able   —    have n’t had a pay increase in ten years frankly , and the businesses are moving out of the country , and they ’re upset the businesses they ’re angry the businesses And the other side , you have people that feel differently about other elements . And it all comes together , and you see it all over . You see it here . You see it in lots it different locations . And there ’s a lot of anger in the country . the country ’s very sad to see , actually . " When asked if he told his supporters not to he with protesters , Trump stated , " I actually did that in saying that we ’re going to postpone the rally . We actually said be we and go in peace , and , for the most part they have , Chris . " He continued , " Chris Y]ou have so much anger in the country . I mean , it ’s just anger , in the country . And the country not directed at it —    I do n’t think it ’s directed at me it or anybody . It ’s just directed at it ’s been going on for years . And it ’s on both sides it " Trump further said , " [ W]e’ve had , for the most part , we ’ve had , by far , the biggest rallies . Literally , we had over 25 , we people wanting to come today . And it ’s incredible , when you look , and I ’ve had many   —    I ’ve had the biggest rallies by far , bigger than anybody , far bigger than [ Democratic presidential candidate Senator ] Bernie [ Sanders ] ( ) or anybody . And frankly , we ’ve had very , we little disruption . We ’ve some had protests we an individual would stand up , and they ’d be whisked out some not a big deal . But , we have had very , we little protest . And we ’ve had nobody hurt we And hopefully we can keep that going we That ’s why I did this today . I do n’t want to see people hurt , or worse . " When asked about what he would say to the man who charged the podium in Chicago , Trump stated , " Well , I want to bring back jobs , Chris . A lot of   —    you talk about    youth , 58 % 59 % unemployment rate . You have to bring back jobs . I ’d be angry too . And I ’m looking at him , and he looks he he ’s he intelligent guy he but there ’s a lot of anger . And frankly , we have to bring jobs back to this country . Our jobs Mexico to we . Our jobs are going all we Our jobs They ’re going everywhere but here . Our jobs see Nabisco moving out . You see Ford moving out . You see Carrier moving out . Everybody ’s leaving . And these kids are not getting jobs . " Trump was then questioned on why , if people ca n’t get jobs , he told one protester to go get Trump job . He responded , " Because , frankly Trump he was very nasty guy . He Trump somebody that was giving us Trump —    he was very , very loud , Trump boisterous and he was swinging his fists . And Trump just looked Trump me like somebody Trump , frankly , maybe he did have a job . Maybe Trump did n’t . I do n’t Trump know . But it was just something said . " He later added , " [ N]obody Trump the other side , Chris . There are two sides . Some of these protesters are very dangerous people . " When asked how he thought this would impact the vote Trump Trump stated , " [ T]wo people told me , that are experts , say this increases the vote for Trump . Because , you know what Trump ’re doing , we had a peaceful rally here , we you ’re not even allowed to have rally anymore in this country . So , we had a peaceful rally , and we order to make sure that nobody gets hurt , I said let ’s postpone the rally . " He we that rally n’t why he cancelled the rally , rather , he He because rally n’t want people to He hurt . He anchor Chris Matthews said that given where the event was , the outcome was predictable , Trump said , " It should n’t matter , whether it was   the outcome    whoever lives in the city . I mean , it should n’t make a difference . Whether it it was   white , black , Hispanic , it it was   n’t matter . " He concluded , it was   [ W]e should n’t be Trump to predict it . It should n’t   —    we really should it be able to predict it .    …      And it should n’t it that    ’re having rally in Chicago , or that we ’re having a rally someplace else . " we " A lot of people are saying we did the right thing . In fact , we ’re being given credit for it . And we just   —    I the right thing it ’s breaking up now , and it ’ll the right thing , it looks like it ’s the right thing be just fine . " Follow the right thing Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 