’   ’ ’    Donald Trump on Saturday criticized Jay Z for the   at a Hillary Clinton rally the night before , saying    that if Donald Trump were to use such words Donald Trump would find Donald Trump in hot    water . ’ ’    " I actually like Jay Z , but you know , the language last night .    Oh . Oh . I was thinking , maybe I ’ll just try it ? Should I use that    language for one event ? Can you imagine if I said that ? " Trump    rhetorically asked a crowd at a rally in Tampa , Florida . ’ ’    Jay Z   while rapping for a get out the vote effort Friday    night in Ohio . He Jay Z  while rapping for a get out the vote effort Friday   night in Ohio joined by Beyonce , Big Sean , and Chance the    Rapper . ’ ’    " He Jay Z  while rapping for a get out the vote effort Friday   night in Ohio every word in the book , " Trump said . " I wo n’t even use       initials because I ’ll get in trouble , they the initials get me in       . He Jay Z  while rapping for a get out the vote effort Friday   night in Ohio every word in the the book night . " ’ ’    The Republican presidential nominee boasted that he was The Republican presidential nominee to       massive crowds without Clinton ’s star power , before again       the language employed at the concert . ’ ’’ ’    " In Hershey , Pennsylvania , last night last night had an arena , we had    we , 000 people show up , many could n’t get in , " he    . " Far more       Jay Z had with their free tickets 27, 000 people Free tickets ! Far more .       Beyonce . And I like the both , but he used language Jay Z night    that was so bad . " ’ ’    Trump added : " And then Hillary said , ‘ I did not like Donald    Trump ’s lewd Trump My lewd language ! I ’ll tell you what :    I ’ve never said what he said in Trump life ! But that shows you the    phoniness of politicians and the phoniness of the whole system ,    folks . " ’ ’    Clinton has strongly criticized Trump for crude Trump he has    Clinton toward women in the past . In October , her campaign    Clinton homed in on comments captured on a leaked . Her campaign    her campaign      featuring other past Trump    comments Trump him as a poor role model for children . ’ ’    Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s campaign manager Trump seized on Jay    Z ’s language to zing Clinton . ’ ’    " ‘ Because our children are listening,’ right Hillary ? " she asked     referring to the Clinton Hillary ,    which showed kids Clinton the comments made by Trump over the    years Trump ’ ’    Clinton and Trump are both holding multiple Trump this weekend    Clinton and Trump they sprint toward the finish line . Clinton and Trump Day is on    November 8 . ’ 
 