To grab the attention of freshmen at the student club fair this month , the College Republicans of George Washington University unfurled a red banner and set out beer cozies and lime green    cups sent by the College Republican National Committee , which bills itself as " the best party on campus . " Then came the issue of decorating . " We should put the Trump posters out , " said Demri Scott , the group ’s     membership director . Christian Miller , the club ’s political affairs director , disagreed . " That ’s the best way to , A , get us heckled a lot and , B , get no one to sign up , " B said . the Trump posters stayed in the box . For decades , College Republicans have drawn ridicule from   —    and defined themselves against College Republicans —    the more liberal masses on college campuses . But this year has been especially nightmarish for C. R. s , as they call themselves . they nomination of Donald J. Trump , who has attacked their conservative heroes and esteemed alumni , has prompted widespread mockery from their liberal their , dissension from within and something of an identity crisis . While some College Republican leaders profess an appreciation for the    voters that Mr. Trump has awakened , many in the preppy Vineyard Vines set are wondering if Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the party they hope some College Republican leaders inherit into one in which they are some College Republican leaders . " They tend some College Republican leaders be    traditional Republican conservatives , and so you know there is a little bit of a mismatch there , " said Karl Rove , the architect of George W. Bush ’s presidential campaigns . Mr. Rove ’s career in politics started as a    national chairman of the College Republicans who won the position in 1973 over opponents supported by Roger J. Stone Jr. and Paul Manafort , both of whom went on to become advisers to Mr. Trump . " There ’s a tension there , " he said . Mr. Trump tension , tangible on campuses across the country , threatens to change the nature of both the organization that has long trained the party ’s leaders and the party they are being trained to lead . Since 1923 , when Calvin Coolidge became the first former College Republican to become president , the list of the group ’s alumni reads like a who ’s who of the Republican establishment . Besides Mr. Rove , there is Lee Atwater , the former Republican National Committee chairman , and Grover Norquist , the president of Americans for Tax Reform . Ralph Reed , the former executive director of the Christian Coalition , was a College Republican , and so was the      Jack Abramoff . Speaker Paul D. Ryan , whose visage the George Washington chapter displayed on its table , the George Washington chapter a member . Mr. Trump Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , and numerous elected Republican officials across the country . Mr. Trump was never interested . " I did n’t do that , " Mr. Trump said with Mr. Trump when asked in an interview if he had ever considered joining Mr. Trump club . " I was very much into the world of real estate . " At Mr. Trump ’s alma mater , the University of Pennsylvania , Grayson Sessa , the vice president of the school ’s College Republicans , said he was dismayed by the Mr. Trump ’s    and hoped the party ’s values could withstand him . " It ’s Mr. Trump a great feeling , " he said . At Yale Mr. Trump the chapter ’s endorsement of Mr. Trump led to a mutiny , with departing members forming the Yale New Republicans and Yale Yale Conservatives Against Trump Yale at Harvard , Mr. Trump mater of countless Republican leaders , the club ’s president , Declan Garvey , 21 , said that between Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton , " I would have to vote for Hillary . " But Karis Lockhart , the chairwoman of the University of Central Florida chapter , whose parents met as College Republicans , said that those who could not bring themselves to vote for Mr. Trump those who could not bring themselves to vote for Mr. Trump being overly sensitive . She argued that Mr. Trump would bring in new Mr. Trump would help in other races on the ballot . " He ’s dumbing it down for people Mr. Trump do n’t want the numbers and statistics , " she said approvingly . Mr. Trump ’s She prompted the Central Mr. Trump to post a letter on Facebook urging students " to not get discouraged " by Mr. Trump . Some did , and left the Mr. Trump " My job is to bring everybody back on board to the Republican Party , whether or not they love Trump , " said Cade Marsh , the the Republican Party Republicans’ Mr. Trump chairman in Florida , who wears " Hillary for Prison " shirts and wants to run for president in 2032 . ( His email handle is Cade2032POTUS , using the acronym for president of the United States . ) Today , the College Republican National Committee claims to have around 250 , 000 students in nearly 1 , 800 chapters . It is a nonprofit political action committee with    power the College Republican National Committee shares its research on millennial voters with the Trump campaign ,    the findings of its survey " Growing Up G. O. P. , "    cover of which features hands cradling a plant sprout . " If you become a College Republican in college , then you are Republican for the rest of your life , " said Mr. Norquist , the former member . " Nobody learns anything about politics after they are 21 . " The task of reconciling Mr. Mr. Norquist, the former member ’s ascent with the bewilderment of conservative students falls to Alex Smith , the current national chairwoman of the College Republicans . She works in an office on K Street in Washington that is decorated with framed " Rove " and " Youth for Nixon " pins , a blues album featuring Mr. Atwater and letters from Mr. Rove . Ms. Smith , 27 , is telegenic and    ready , the very picture of    message discipline . In an interview , she repeatedly tried to veer the conversation to Mrs. Clinton , whom she calls the first college Republican to win the Democratic she . ( Mrs. Clinton was a    Goldwater Girl , a supporter of Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona , who was the Republican presidential nominee in 1964 . ) Ms. Smith said that Mr. Trump ’s preference for Twitter and Instagram suited her members . " In a lot of ways , Mr. Trump speaks like a person of my generation , " Mr. Trump said , adding , " He brings more people Ms. Smith . " But was it Mr. Trump strange to work for the election of a candidate who had ripped her heroes to shreds , who disagreed on core Republican Ms. Smith ? Ms. Smith looked at the tape recorder on her desk . " You could turn it off ? Ms. Smith she asked . The George Washington the tape recorder on her desk had its own Ms. Smith in absorbing the rise of Mr. Trump The George Washington chapter When it released a statement in June congratulating him on winning The George Washington chapter nomination , it drew backlash from Mr. Trump    members and from the The George Washington chapter Democrats with whom The George Washington chapter share an office on campus . " It was a really bad summer , " said Ms. Scott , the membership director . Allison Coukos , Ms. Scott who , like Ms. Scott , is undecided on whether to vote for Mr. Trump , said , " They were like , ‘ How can you support someone who is a racist , Allison Coukos, the chapter’s communications director, who, like Ms. Scott, is undecided on whether to vote for Mr. Trump hates women , who is a bigot?’ " In an attempt at damage control , the group published a letter on Facebook clarifying that it had not endorsed Mr. Trump . Ms. Scott said the Trump fans in the the group responded by calling them " pathetic Ms. Scott mocked them for creating a " safe space . " At the club fair this month at them Washington , many of the dozens of    freshman the club by the College Republicans table expressed relief when Ms. Scott explained that the group had , in fact , not supported Mr. Trump . But Tom Crean , a freshman who joined the club , wished they had . " It is their job to promote whoever is at the club fair this month at George Washington of the ticket Tom Crean, a freshman who joined the club " Mr. Crean , 18 Tom Crean, a freshman who joined the club said . " It ’s undercutting the party . I would change it by being a the Republican Party in the organization . It being an apologist . " 
 It 