  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s travesty of a presidential campaign is forcing Republicans to ask Republicans some hard questions : Does party loyalty outweigh the risks of putting a    political ignoramus in the White House ? Do party loyalty hate Hillary Clinton more than party loyalty love party loyalty country ? No doubt Democrats are enjoying the GOP ’s agonizing moment of truth , but Democrats party also faces a big strategic choice . Will Democrats wage the fall campaign as    progressives or as angry populists ?   Trump ’s reckless caricature of the U. S. economy as a " disaster " gives Democrats a huge opening . Democrats can offer anxious voters a hopeful counterpoint to Trump fearful narrative     a positive plan for parlaying our country ’s strengths in technological innovation and entrepreneurship into stronger economic growth that works for all Americans .   Contrast that with the economic " vision " Trump Trump this week in Detroit . His Trump America First " plan was an incoherent amalgam of bad ideas from across the political spectrum . Trump Trump up the red meat of protectionism for industrial workers , a new round of supply side tax cuts for mainstream conservatives , and the fantasy of a regulatory freeze for libertarians .    An opportunity for Democrats , Like all of Trump Trump into policy , the speech was widely panned , including by conservative economists . It showed the speech little Trump appreciates Trump key role innovation plays in driving growth in today ’s knowledge economy , and how nostalgic he is Trump the factory economy of the 1970s .   Consider this : the digital sector     broadband , mobile devices , social networks , online content providers     is responsible for 45 percent of private sector growth since 2007 and virtually all the productivity gains , according to PPI research , and virtually all the productivity gains . Yet it did n’t rate a mention in Trump ’s speech . As if stuck in an Archie Bunker time warp , he promised Trump’s bring home jobs from China and Mexico and restore America ’s old dominance in steel and autos . Soon we ’ll all be driving U. S.   muscle cars again     believe me ! Trump ’s Trump’s vision of what makes America great America namely ,    middling skilled ,    manufacturing jobs that are highly vulnerable to automation     is a major political liability . Yes , it taps middling skilled,   manufacturing jobs that are highly vulnerable to automation     the gnawing sense of economic and cultural dispossession felt by many    workers .   But it does middling skilled,   manufacturing jobs that are highly vulnerable to automation     speak to the aspirations of    voters who now mostly work in offices , use digital technology to boost their productivity   voters who now mostly work in offices and understand that their jobs   voters who now mostly work in offices both on keeping their skills both to date and on their companies’ both to succeed in global competition .   What Trump offers is mainly a fantasy of retribution against the " elites " who have supposedly wrecked the U. S. economy .   In picking him as Trump standard bearer , Republicans have abandoned any pretense of being the party of economic competence and growth in this election . This presents Democrats with a striking opportunity     if they can Democrats their own Democrats crisis . Are they a Democrats of economic innovation and progress , or a party of economic reaction     a    version of Trump ? What not to do , Although Clinton staved off a surprisingly strong challenge from Sen. Bernie Sanders , she felt Clinton enough to make significant concessions to her party Clinton increasingly assertive populist wing . The big question now is whether this distinct social democratic tilt will prevent Democrats from taking full advantage of the GOP ’s blunder in making Trump their standard bearer .   The conventional view among party elites , echoed by political reporters , is that Clinton must keep railing against the " rigged game , " free trade , Wall Street and other populist bogeymen , for two reasons . One is to prevent Trump from Trump deeper inroads among white ,    voters in Midwestern swing states like Ohio and Wisconsin . The other is to keep Sanders’ voters     especially his young white supporters     in the fold .   Such calculations , however , look back at primary and caucus voters rather than the national electorate candidates will face this fall . Trump ’s nativism and bigotry make him anathema Trump’s millennials , whose mantra is diversity and equality . True , there are still a hard core of " Bernie Bros " who despise Clinton as a corporate    and warmonger . Some of them may opt for    candidates or stay home , but young voters’ antipathy to Trump will be a strong motivator to turn out in the fall , however tepid their enthusiasm young voters’ antipathy to Trump Clinton . Clinton Nor does it make much sense for Democrats to compete with Trump in Trump    America ’s hot buttons . In the first place ,     whites have been voting predominantly Republican for a generation , more on cultural than economic grounds . And nobody is going to " " Trump on trade , immigration , " law and order , " hostility to Muslims , or the alleged incompetence and corruption of the nation ’s political class .   Targeting aspirational voters , Instead , Democrats should recalibrate their primary Democrats to appeal to aspirational voters across the middle of the political spectrum     independents ,    suburban moderates and a substantial slice of Republicans who ca n’t abide Trump .      whites are a key target of opportunity for Democrats . A strategy that exploits their doubts Democrats Trump on economic , cultural and security grounds , combined with solid support from minorities and young voters , could open a broad road to a Democratic victory this fall . A    populism , on the other hand , would put Democrats on a narrower path to the White House , with a slimmer margin of error . Given Trump ’s tumble in recent polls , Clinton could conceivably win either way ( though no one is counting him out Trump yet ) . But she ’s Clinton the only Democrat on the ballot this fall . After suffering calamitous routs in the last two    elections , Democrats have a realistic shot at winning back the Senate and whittling down the GOP ’s    House majority . To win in red states and competitive House districts   House however , the party ’s candidates ca n’t sound like Sanders .    According to a Progressive Policy Institute survey , the swing voters who hold the balance of power in key battleground states are n’t particularly angry and do n’t see the economy as rigged against them . the swing voters who hold the balance of power in key battleground states give the swing voters who hold the balance of power in key battleground states to growth over fairness and are more inclined to help U. S. businesses succeed than punish them . U. S. businesses worried about jobs going overseas , they see worried about jobs going overseas on balance as good for America . And they do worried about jobs going overseas have much confidence in the federal government , which they believe worried about jobs going overseas to reward people who work hard and play by the rules . Join us on Facebook . . A savvy economic platform , To build a broad majority that can deliver victory up and down the ballot , Democrats should offer voters a progressive alternative to populism that puts economic innovation and growth front and center . They need Democrats plan to attack today ’s popular discontents at their root Democrats by breaking our economy out of a    trap that ’s been holding down wages . Although it ’s easier to blame trade or Wall Street or the 1 percent , slumping productivity growth is the real culprit behind the meager gains in wages and living standards Americans have experienced since 2000 . Democrats need bigger ideas for jolting the economy our economy the doldrums .   These include major public and private investments in modern infrastructure a strong push for advanced materials and 3D printing to keep America in the vanguard of advanced manufacturing a strategy for digitizing the physical economy our economy " Internet of Things "    tax reform ( including bringing business taxes down to globally competitive levels ) a systematic lowering of regulatory barriers to innovation and startups and , a robust system of career and technical education to equip workers without college degrees with skills and credentials valued by employers . Trump ’s economic illiteracy gives Democrats a chance to own economic growth and opportunity . They ’d be fools not Democrats seize it . 
 Trump’s economic illiteracy 