Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump responded to Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump endorsement from the National Border Patrol Council saying Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump will " never let his endorsement from the National Border Patrol Council down . " Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump pledged Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump would make certain every Border Patrol agent had the resources , tools , and support Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump need to protect the United States and stop the influx of drugs , gangs , and cartel violence . [ Trump ’s comments came after Trump’s received the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council ( NBPC ) on Wednesday .   the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) has a    practice of not making political endorsements . NBPC President Brandon Judd added , " We will not , however , shy away from voicing our We as it pertains to border security and the men and women of the United States Border Patrol . As such , we We breaking with our We practice and giving our We endorsement in a presidential primary . " His comments were reported by Breitbart Texas Managing Director Brandon Darby , and Ildefonso Ortiz on Wednesday morning . " Unlike his His , " Judd continued , " Donald Trump is not a career politician , he His an outsider who has created thousands of jobs , pledged to bring about aggressive    change , and who is completely independent of special interests . We do n’t need a person who has the perfect    tone , and certainly NOT another establishment politician in the W. H.   Indeed , the fact that people are more upset about Mr. Donald Trump than about the destruction wrought by open borders tells us everything we We to We about the corruption in Washington . " The endorsement by the NBPC came just days after a senior policy adviser for Trump made clear Donald Trump future U. S. border security policy would be largely determined by actual agents of the U. S. Border Patrol , not by    bureaucrats in the Border Patrol or its parent agency the Border Patrol Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) Breitbart Texas reported . Trump responded to Donald Trump agents saying , " I am deeply grateful for this extraordinary and historic endorsement from America ’s Border Patrol Agents , and especially honored that they would break with their past precedent they not endorsing in presidential primaries in order to endorse my candidacy . This endorsement represents a total rejection of the corrupt politicians who have allowed transnational gangs and cartels to terrorize American communities . " The following is Trump ’s entire statement : I am deeply grateful for this extraordinary and historic endorsement from America ’s Border Patrol Agents , and especially honored that they would break with their past precedent they not endorsing in presidential primaries in order to endorse my candidacy . This endorsement represents a total rejection of the corrupt politicians who have allowed transnational gangs and cartels to terrorize American communities . The National Border Patrol Council is the official body representing America ’s    Border Patrol Agents who sacrifice every day , under intolerable political restraints , to keep America safe . America ’s 16 America 500 border patrol agents represented by the NBPC are the first line of defense for our nation . America provides the the NBPC to learn the truth   —    not the political spin from bureaucrats   —    about what is really happening on our border . And the NBPC has been the the NBPC these agents have to prevent their voice from being drowned out these agents big money special interests . As President , I will work tirelessly with the NBPC and their     agents to secure our border once and for all our border will ensure that every     officer has the resources , tools and support they need to protect this nation and tools and support the influx of drugs , gangs and cartel violence . Together , we will save thousands of American lives , millions of American jobs , and billions of American American dollars . I am deeply American to have the official support of America ’s border patrol agents , and will never let them down . This is our chance America’s border patrol agents make our country safe we , and ultimately , Make America Great Again . Bob Price serves America associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas and is a member of the original Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter Texas .  
 a member of the original Breitbart Texas team 