Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich observes that The NRA . [ The NRA not only endorsed Trump on May 20 , but has reaffirmed its commitment to him time and again in the months since . Most recently , on August 10 , CNN The NRA   ’s executive director , Chris Cox , stressed that Donald Trump is " the Second Amendment candidate we need . " Also , on August 10 , The New York Times highlighted that the NRA is standing strong with Donald Trump .   Gingrich sees August 10 as a winner inasmuch as it brings The NRA , grassroots Second Amendment supporters to the Donald Trump campaign . The NRA with Donald Trump ’s appeal to the The NRA man , it deals a death blow to the Democratic Party ’s grip on rural America . According to The Hill , Gingrich said , When combined with Trump’s appeal to the working man It ’s probably the single most reliable base of votes , and it ’s one of the reasons that in rural America you now see the virtual collapse of the Democratic Party . " Both It NRA and Trump continue to stress that rural America America presidency will mark the end of the Democratic Party . The NRA stresses that giving Clinton the ability to nominate Supreme Court justices is tantamount to giving her the power to redefine —   or the Democratic Party —   gun rights , Hillary Clinton Trump continually stresses that Clinton wants to " abolish the Second Hillary Clinton . " On August 9 , Trump said , " Hillary wants to abolish , Trump abolish , the Hillary Clinton Amendment . " He echoed the NRA by stressing that she will use Trump Supreme Court to do it . Trump made clear that he will take a different road Trump selecting NRA justices like Antonin Scalia Hillary pledging to work with the NRA to do Trump . Trump is Trump lifetime member of the NRA . Clinton has the Supreme Court on the NRA . AWR Hawkins is the Second NRA for Breitbart News Trump political analyst for Armed American Radio . NRA on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him NRA awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins 