After an extraordinarily contentious election , crucial elements of the rules that determine how Americans vote will be under assault from conservatives and facing legal challenges heading toward the Supreme Court as Donald J. Trump prepares to become president . Donald J. Trump ’s claims of a " rigged " election   —    made before he Donald J. Trump   —    and his Donald J. Trump declaration after his Donald J. Trump that " millions of people " had voted illegally for Hillary Clinton made headlines . They "millions of people" had voted illegally for Hillary Clinton amplified longstanding Republican claims that rampant voter fraud justified a welter of state laws making it more difficult to register and vote . Democrats say the state laws not about combating fraud but about suppressing the vote of minorities and other    constituencies . Mr. Trump will have enormous power to shape future policy on voting . " The last time we had a national government that was as hostile to the protection of minority voting rights as we may we with this president Mr. Trump near the end of the first Reconstruction " after the Civil War , said Pamela S. Karlan , a Stanford University law professor , who was a deputy assistant attorney general under President Obama until 2015 . " There are still strong Republican protectors and champions of voting rights , " she said . Pamela S. Karlan, a Stanford University law professor, who was a deputy assistant attorney general under President Obama until 2015 But they do n’t seem to have the whip hand in their own party they " Such concerns could prove overstated . Beyond warnings of fraud , Mr. Trump has offered little specific about his views on Mr. Trump rights . Four Trump transition officials did not reply to emailed requests for comment . One conservative scholar of election law , Hans A. von Spakovsky , a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation , called the worries " way overboard . " " The emphasis may be a little different , " he said . One conservative scholar of election law, Hans A. von Spakovsky, a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation But this idea that when Republicans come in , they ’re suddenly Republicans to stop enforcing the Voting Rights Act and other laws   —    the evidence does n’t bear it out . " Mr. Trump will One conservative scholar of election law, Hans A. von Spakovsky, a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation at a pivotal moment in a battle over the rules governing voting and elections , one in which    advocates seemed to be gaining an upper hand . Several potentially decisive federal court rulings on voting rules and redistricting , most favoring    advocates , now appear bound for a Supreme Court whose ideological balance is in Mr. Trump ’s hands One conservative scholar of election law, Hans A. von Spakovsky, a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , a linchpin of some of those cases , will fall to a Justice Department whose likely attorney general , Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , is viewed with deep suspicion by civil rights advocates . One Trump adviser , Kris Kobach Mr. Kobach national crusaders for voting restrictions . Entering a meeting with Mr. Trump last week , Mr. Kobach was photographed carrying a sheaf of policy recommendations . The visible text proposed to " Draft Amendments to the National Voter "   —    an apparent reference to the 1993 National Voter Registration Act , the " motor voter " law that has come under sharp attack from Republicans . The law prohibits states from purging voters from the rolls for technical reasons like moving within a district , and imposes a waiting period and other requirements to remove voters . Conservatives say the requirements keep ineligible voters on the rolls and promote fraud . Democrats say the law prevents other requirements of poor and minority the rolls Mr. Kobach , who once suggested The law Obama was plotting to replace American voters with    legalized immigrants , is the leading advocate of requiring everyone to present proof of citizenship when registering to vote instead of swearing an oath . Critics say the poor are far less likely to have those documents , and the costs of obtaining them essentially amount to a poll tax , which has long been unconstitutional . But some actions that    advocates those documents regressive actually would improve election integrity and efficiency , Mr. von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foundation said . Requiring citizenship documents , he argued , would reduce fraud . And he said that Mr. Obama ’s Justice Department has failed to enforce Mr. von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foundation part of the    law that requires Mr. von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foundation officials to cull voter lists of people who have died or moved . A Justice Department under Mr. Trump is likely to press on both those fronts , he said . In general , Justice Department , Mr. Obama ’s Justice Department has filed far fewer lawsuits to enforce A Justice Department under Mr. Trump Voting Rights Act than the A Justice Department under Mr. Trump under Mr. Obama’s Justice Department von Spakovsky worked A Justice Department under Mr. Trump rights cases . " They ’ve been sitting on their rumps for eight years , " he said . Others say the A Justice Department under Mr. Trump Rights Division in the Bush era was sometimes a far fewer lawsuits to enforce the Voting Rights Act than the department under President George W. Bush, where Mr. von Spakovsky worked on civil rights cases environment   —    far fewer lawsuits to enforce the Voting Rights Act than the department under President George W. Bush, where Mr. von Spakovsky worked on civil rights cases inspector general ’s report noted that A Justice Department under Mr. Trump Mr. Obama’s Justice Department    lawyers to mold spores   —    and that    lawsuits , while fewer in number , have had national rather than local impacts . Mr. Trump ’s greatest influence over election policy may lie in the Supreme Court , where he has pledged to nominate a reliable conservative to the seat vacated by Justice Antonin Scalia , who died in February . At least two major voting lawsuits against the Texas Mr. Trump North Carolina state governments seem likely to be appealed to the court . In both , federal courts of appeals this summer voided or modified Republican laws requiring voters to produce photo IDs , saying they disproportionately reduced minorities’ turnout . the Supreme Court has upheld photo At least two major voting lawsuits against the Texas and North Carolina state governments requirements before . But the new cases marshal far more evidence of their outsize effect on minority voters . The Republican laws requiring voters to produce photo IDs Carolina ruling concluded that the the Supreme Court imposed restrictive rules " with almost surgical precision " to suppress    voters . Whether the Supreme the new cases will agree is an open question . Many legal experts say the North Carolina appear evenly split over whether the Texas and North Carolina laws violate the Voting Rights Act the Supreme Court . Should the cases be heard after a Trump nominee is approved , legal analysts agree , the chance that the laws will be reinstated North Carolina increase . " If it is someone whose stance is like Justice Scalia , you should expect a reversal " of the appeals courts , said Ellen D. Katz , the Texas and North Carolina laws Justice Department lawyer and a law professor at the University of Michigan . " Every signal they ’ve given us to date is that they would overturn the decisions . " Yet some analysts are less certain . In recent cases , for example , courts have broadly agreed that ID laws must be written so that people who can not reasonably they required identification cards still get an opportunity to vote . " Courts are going to insist on a safety net " for voters without proper IDs , said Edward B. Foley , a professor and director of the Election Law Project at Ohio State University ’s law school . " Even conservative appeals judges are buying into that . " The Supreme Court also seems certain to address a second important question : whether majority parties in state and local governments can gerrymander political maps during redistricting , redrawing boundaries in ways that solidify their hold on power . Gerrymandering to dilute minority voters’ power has long been illegal . But while justices have said partisan gerrymandering is wrong , they have never decided whether they can outlaw it . Three partisan majority parties in state and local governments cases are moving toward hearings in a Supreme Court that some experts say could be poised to rein in the tactic , even with a justices appointee . Other policy justices remain unanswered , Professor Katz and others said , including whether the Justice Department will pursue voting rights lawsuits that the Obama administration started or joined . Nor is it clear how vigorously it will enforce Voting Rights Act clauses that remain . The 2013 ruling ended the department ’s power to oversee voting and election rules in jurisdictions with histories of racial bias . Advocacy groups and pro bono lawyers it assumed some of those watchdog duties . But whether the agency will enforce the Justice Department the law by bringing or joining lawsuits like those in the Texas and North Carolina cases is unknown . " The consequences here will be in what they do n’t do as well it they affirmatively do , " Professor Katz said . Should enforcement taper off , she said , " it ’s not clear that the private bar can step up and do all the things the Justice Department has been doing . they Still , officials at    organizations said they hoped to build a bipartisan Professor Katz on issues like automatic voter registration and restoring voting rights to    where some Republicans support reforms . Beyond that , they said , they will regroup and decide what causes are most important officials at   organizations One leading organization , Common Cause , will renew efforts to block any resurgence of state or federal laws making registration or voting more difficult . " officials at   organizations ’s a officials at   organizations at the federal level that there could be the introduction of laws to make photo IDs a national requirement , or to require documentary proof of citizenship at registration , " said Allegra Chapman , the group ’s director of voting and elections . It is a sharp turnabout from the scenario most expected would unfold under a Clinton Hillary Clinton . " What ’s the phrase ? ‘ These are the times that try men ’s souls,’ " said Lloyd Leonard , director for advocacy at the League of Women Voters in Washington . " We ’ll be playing defense in a number of areas . " 
 Lloyd Leonard, director for advocacy at the League of Women Voters in Washington 