The Democratic Party has hidden The Democratic Party South Carolina presidential debate   —    and The Democratic Party preferred frontrunner , Hillary Clinton , on the Sunday night of a    weekend . [ Hillary Clinton will be appearing Jan. 17 in a barely publicized Youtube    event from Charleston , where she Hillary Clinton go     with insurgent rival Bernie Sanders , and with Martin O’Malley , who literally and inexplicably refuses to quit .   The rhetorical battle between Hillary Hillary Clinton Bernie is heating up , with accusations flying back and forth and attacks on each others’ health and families . Sanders insurgent rival Bernie Sanders Clinton in Iowa and New Hampshire , according to a pair of polls released last week , with a    lead in the latter state . The difference : white voters .    and    whites are fleeing Clinton Clinton favor of Sanders insurgent rival Bernie Sanders Trump . News that President Obama met privately with Sanders insurgent rival Bernie Sanders got to the Clinton Clinton , which rolled out an effort to push back on the idea that Sanders insurgent rival Bernie Sanders the real torchbearer of the Obama legacy . That ’s right . Hillary Clinton now attacking Bernie insurgent rival Bernie Sanders not being close enough to Obama . Top Obama campaign officials Clinton a press call the morning the polls came out to accuse Sanders of insurgent rival Bernie Sanders different policies than Obama . " Obama Sanders campaign insurgent rival Bernie Sanders understandably tried to eliminate any distinctions between their candidate ’s The Sanders campaign and President Obama ’s Obama Obama Clinton campaign said The Sanders campaign immigration and other issues . " Of course this just is n’t true . " Clinton , for Clinton part , Clinton trying to run to the left of Sanders , insurgent rival Bernie Sanders to no longer say " illegal immigrant " among other concessions . But she ’s also Clinton her own daughter Clinton to direct barbs at Sanders’ record . " I do n’t think about it , " Clinton told CNN Clinton her sinking poll Clinton in a tense interview before the State of the Union . " I do n’t pay attention to this . " ( Despite not paying attention , she cited a Clinton favorable " PPP poll " that she claimed was Clinton " an hour later . ") Asked    if she ’s preparing     losses in    and New Hampshire , she said , Clinton I do n’t think about that   …     We would n’t know what the outcome will be until after a couple rounds of these primaries . " Sanders’ surge in the polls is a    victory for his campaign manager    Weaver , whom this reporter once spotted in an airport loudly mumbling , " Poll here , poll everywhere . " Clinton is also facing    investigators from the FBI who are dissecting her private   . " No Clinton nothing , " Clinton told the Des Moines Register Clinton board in an endorsement interview that looked like an interrogation video . " No , there ’s nothing like that that is happening . No . " " I saw [ the news report ] as I was coming in myself , and it was quite , you know , unexpected and unfounded . " Asked if she planned to comment on it Clinton she said , " No . Clinton just did . I guess . Did n’t I ? " She then laughed loudly . When Clinton reporter asked if Clinton has had " any contact Clinton the FBI " during the course of the investigation , Clinton quickly answered , " No Clinton " 
 