Evan McMullin , a former C. I. A. official and a Republican who passionately opposes Donald J. Trump , announced Monday that he would run for president as an independent candidate . Evan McMullin, a former C. I. A. official and a Republican who passionately opposes Donald J. Trump , has missed the    deadlines in more than two dozen states . But Mr. McMullin , a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of    Saints Mr. McMullin Mormon state . In an interview , Mr. McMullin said he was strongly opposed to both Mr. Trump and Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee Utah words , and his clearest motivation , appeared Mr. McMullin come from Mr. Trump ’s candidacy . " Really what ’s impacted me is the way Mr. McMullin ’s treated our veterans Mr. McMullin our heroes , " he said . " The things Mr. Trump John McCain , the things he said about the Khan family , and Mrs. Khan . " Mr. Trump our year disparaged Mr. Trump’s ’s status as a war Trump’s because the Republican senator from Arizona was Trump’s , and more recently he insinuated that Ghazala Khan   — Mr. Trump mother of a fallen Muslim soldier who appeared with her husband , Khizr , at the Democratic convention   —    did not speak Mr. Trump she was not permitted to by her religion . Mr. McMullin is said to be backed by Ghazala Khan  — group Better for America , which earlier this year began an effort to get on Ghazala Khan  — ballot in as many states Ghazala Khan  — possible , with the hopes of drafting a candidate . The group is backed by John Kingston , a donor who had supported Mitt Romney . Mr. Kingston has worked with the pollster Joel Searby . Rick Wilson , a Republican consultant and the group Better for America, which earlier this year began an effort to get on the ballot in as many states as possible , is the main Mr. Kingston ’s support in Utah is very low for a Republican presidential candidate , and it has particularly suffered amid his battles against Mr. Romney , a Mormon who was the Republican nominee in 2012 . If Mr. McMullin is competitive nowhere Trump Utah , he still could nonetheless have an effect on the race : Mr. Trump support in Utah not win the presidency Trump holding the states that Mr. Romney won , his aides have concluded . That Mr. McMullin has a national security background makes him Utah more Mr. McMullin option , potentially , to conservatives who can not bring themselves to support Mr. Trump , but who strongly dislike Mrs. Clinton . Not everyone sounded Mr. Romney with Mr. McMullin ’s entry Mr. McMullin . A spokesman for the House Republican Mr. McMullin , Nate Hodson , said , " The House Republican Conference has zero conservatives who cannot bring themselves to support Mr. Trump of his Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. McMullin Mr. McMullin the House Republican Conference 