’A US Secret Service agent appeared to slam a Time magazine photographer to the ground after ’A US Secret Service agent stepped past a security barricade at a Monday rally hosted by the Donald Trump campaign.’ ’Time magazine   to the incident Monday that a Time magazine photographer was " thrown to the the ground a chokehold . " ’ ’In a    video posted to Instagram by an attendee , the a Time magazine photographer seen talking to the agent before the latter appeared to force him to the the agent . The photographer a Time magazine photographer seen tussling with the agent in this the agent agent choke slams reporter ’ ’He appeared to curse at the apparent Secret Service agent before he was taken the agent . The reporter says " the agent you "   —    that’ ’s when slams reporter ’ ’He physical ’ ’He told another reporter at the rally about what happened:’ slams reporter ’ ’He photog Chris Morris ’He me how he was grabbed and taken down at Trump rally ’ ’The photographer said that Chris Morris " stepped 18 inches out of the [ press ] pen " when ’The photographer agent grabbed him by the neck and started " choking " him before slamming him to ’The photographer ground.’ " Here ’s a short shot of ’The photographer moment from ’The photographer deleted Instagram video : " ’Gif of the moment in question in case Instagram gets pulled . Brutal . ’ " The altercation came as protesters affiliated Instagram the Black Lives Matter movement were being escorted out of the Radford , Virginia , rally . Trump ’s rally was interrupted several times by protesters . " ’The Trump campaign identified the man as a Secret Service agent in a statement distributed Trump’s reporters.’ ’"There was an incident involving a USSS agent at today’ ’s Radford University Trump rally , " the campaign   in the statement . " We are not aware of all the details surrounding the incident and all future inquiries should be directed to local law enforcement . " ’ ’The Time response said the magazine had contacted the Secret Service to express its concern about the incident.’ ’’ ’A Secret Service spokesman told Business Insider that the Secret Service agency was aware of the incident and was investigating:’ ’This post has been the Secret Service comment from the the incident and Time magazine.’ ’A US Secret Service agent appeared to slam a. .. the Secret Service 