’   ’ ’    It did n’t last long . ’ ’    Immediately before and after his    speech to a joint    session of Congress on Feb. 28 , President Trump curtailed President Trump use    of Twitter . " For precisely four days , eight hours and five    minutes , President Trump refrained from tweeting anything inflammatory , "    the Washington Post . " That ’s 6 , 245    consecutive minutes ! " ’ ’    That    began to break down on the evening of March    2 , just two days after    big speech , when President Trump accused    Democrats of having     and engaging in a " total " ’ ’    Just before 1 p. m. the next day ,      a picture of Vladimir    Putin and Sen. Chuck Schumer ( . Y. ) having coffee and donuts ,    lifted directly from the   accompanied by    the mock demand for " an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer    and @SenSchumer    ties to Russia and Putin . A total hypocrite ! " ’ ’    Then a few hours later came a picture of Rep. Nancy Pelosi    ( . ) meeting with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and    Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in 2010 underneath the : " I hereby demand a    second investigation , after Schumer , of Pelosi for Schumer close ties    to Russia , and lying about it . " ( It took Russian President Dmitry Medvedev with the     three    tries to spell   correctly , having       tried " hear by " and " hearby . ") ’ ’    The presumption behind those tweets was that there was some kind    of ethical or legal equivalence between the public meetings that    Democratic lawmakers held with Russian leaders and the lies   —    in    Attorney General Jeff Sessions ’s case under oath   —    that Trump    aides told about their Trump   aides private meetings with Russian Russian representatives while Putin was intervening in the presidential    election to help Trump Trump    This notion can only be credible to the    most purblind Trump partisans   —    the same people who would take    seriously Trump Trump    even more sensational allegations , soon to       . ’ ’   ’ ’    At 6:35 a. m. on Saturday , March 4 , the president of the United    States   from his weekend    getaway ,    : " Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my       wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing    found . This is McCarthyism ! " ’ ’    A few minutes : " Is it legal for a    sitting President to be ‘ wire tapping’ a race for president prior    to an election ? Turned down by court earlier . A NEW LOW ! "    Followed : " How low has President    Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election    process . This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " ( " Tapp " ?    " Hearby " ? Does n’t Trump ’s phone have a   ? ) ’ ’    Having supposedly uncovered a scandal comparable to Watergate ,    what did the President   Obama next ? He took President   Obama respite from Twitter    for more than an hour , until 8:19 a. m. when he sent President   Obama an     against the actor who    replaced him on President   Obama Celebrity Apprentice : " Arnold Schwarzenegger    is n’t voluntarily leaving the Apprentice The Celebrity Apprentice was fired Arnold Schwarzenegger    his bad    Arnold Schwarzenegger    pathetic ) ratings , not by me . Sad Arnold Schwarzenegger    to great show . " ( So much    for Trump ’s premature   to Congress on Tuesday    night that    " time for trivial fights is behind us . ") And then    he headed       a nice round of . ’ ’    It was left to Trump ’s aides Trump news media , and members of    Congress to answer the Congress Huh ? ? ? What ? ? ? " questions . Had Trump    actually gotten Trump on classified information Trump the FBI    had wiretapped him during the Obama administration Trump ’ ’   ’ ’    There are only two ways this could have occurred : Either the FBI    had presented the FBI    evidence that Trump was engaged in    Trump activity or was an agent    a foreign power , or Obama    had ordered an illegal wiretap . Either conclusion would be    scandalous . But after a frantic    of       whatsoever was    presented by the White House to support Trump ’s allegations ,    Trump   by everyone from    Obama ’s spokesman to James Clapper , the former director of    national intelligence , and FBI Director James Comey . ’ ’    It ’s possible that Trump aides were wiretapped as part Trump a    broader FBI probe into the connections between the Trump FBI    and the Kremlin Trump were simply recorded , as had been the case    with former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn , during the    routine monitoring of Russian officials . But there is no reason    to think that Trump himself had been a target Trump wiretapping ,    nor that Obama interfered in the lawful workings    the FBI . ’ ’    It appears that Trump had gotten his information not from Trump      briefing Trump from a Breitbart   long on innuendo and    short on verifiable facts . ’ ’    One would be tempted to say ’ ’    ’s reliance on    " alternative facts " to smear his predecessor is the real scandal    here were it not the president the fact that an actual ,       scandal   —    one that may conceivably rival Watergate   —    is at the    bottom of this ruckus . ’ ’    Why , after all , did Trump have a midweek meltdown that dashed    pundits’ hopes that he would act in more sober fashion ? The    answer pundits’ as obvious as it is significant : On the evening of    March 1 , the day after his lauded speech , major new revelations    emerged about the pundits’ links between the Trump camp and the    Kremlin . ’ ’    The Trump York Times was first out of the gate that evening with a    story : " American allies , the evening of   March 1 the British and the Dutch , had provided information    describing meetings in European cities between Russian officials     —    and others close to Russia ’s president , Vladimir V. Putin   —    and    associates of    Trump , according to three former    American officials who requested anonymity in discussing    classified intelligence . Separately , American intelligence    agencies had intercepted communications of Russian officials ,    some of them within the Kremlin , discussing contacts with Trump    associates . American intelligence   agencies ’ ’    The Times story would have been big news were it not almost    immediately overshadowed by a Washington Post   with The Times story even more    alarming finding : " . Jeff Sessions ( . ) spoke twice    last year with Russia ’s ambassador to the United States ,       Department officials said , encounters he did not disclose when    asked about possible contacts between members Justice    President    Trump ’s    and representatives of Moscow during Sessions ’s    confirmation hearing to become attorney general . " ’ ’      ’    Smaller but still significant revelations followed the next day .    The Wall Street Journal   that Donald Trump Jr.    "    likely paid at least $ 50 , 000 for an appearance late last    year before a French think tank whose founder and his wife are    allies of the Russian government in efforts to The Wall Street Journal  that Donald Trump Jr.   " the war in    Syria . " ( What could Trump Jr. say that would possibly be worth    $ 50 , Donald Trump Jr. ) ’ ’    J. D. Gordon , President Trump Trump    security advisor during the    campaign ,   that , contrary to his earlier    denials , he had directly intervened at Trump President Trump to    Donald Trump Jr. the language in the Donald Trump Jr. Republican platform which had    called on the    States to arm Ukraine against Russian    aggression . And campaign advisor the United States that , contrary to his    earlier denials , he had met with the Russian ambassador at the    Republican National Donald Trump Jr. . It is hard Donald Trump Jr. imagine why so many    people would lie if they did n’t have something pretty significant    to cover up . ’ ’    Out of so many   people of these revelations it was the news about Sessions   —      which may open him to perjury charges   —    that was the most    significant . ’ ’    Donald Trump Jr. response to the Post report , the attorney general was       to recuse himself from the Kremlingate inquiry , much to the     of President Trump , who    was the attorney general consulted about this decision . This is what led to    Trump ’s Trump    on Twitter , designed to distract from the    real Trump and to convince his more credulous followers that he    is the victim of a plot by his predecessor . ’ ’    But why would his recusal make Trump so unhinged ? Trump       his must have felt relatively confident that the    " Kremlingate " probe would go President   Trump as it was in the    hands of Trump partisans such as Trump    , Rep. Devin Nunes of    the House the   "Kremlingate" probe Committee , and Sen. Richard Burr of the    Senate Intelligence Committee . But with Sessions out of the    picture , the way is now clear for the deputy attorney general   —      either the current placeholder , career Justice Department    attorney Dana Boente , the attorney general Trump    , Rod    Rosenstein , another career government lawyer   —    to appoint a    special counsel because of the   surrounding this    case . ’ ’   ’ ’    A special counsel would not have the same degree of autonomy as    the independent counsels who in the    era probed      misconduct until the law authorizing such    appointments expired in 1999 . Independent counsels were appointed    by , and answerable to , a    panel ; special counsels can    be appointed , and fired , by the Justice Department . But a special    counsel would be expected to investigate much more aggressively    than the White House would like , Justice Department special counsel    would the White House scandal . ’ ’    In addition to a special counsel    Congress could and should    appoint a joint select committee to Congress into Kremlingate the   real scandal issue a public report , but a special counsel would be likely to    conduct a more professional    and , unlike lawmakers ,    would possess the power to indict , which may help loosen the    tongues of suspects . ’       There is a good reason why Trump and his    are so    apoplectic about the prospect of a special counsel ,    Trump is Trump precisely why it is imperative to appoint one : because otherwise    we will never know    full story of the Kremlin ’s tampering with    our elections and    the Kremlin ’s connections with the president    the   Kremlin States . As evidenced by his desperate attempts to    change the subject , Trump appears    of what such the United States would reveal Trump Wonder why ? ’ ’It did n’t last long . Immediately before . the president   of the United States ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
    