Democrats fear an upcoming posh Clinton charity event   —    scheduled just one week before the first presidential debate   —    will provide fresh ammo for Republican nominee Donald Trump , as reported in Politico by Katy O’Donnell . [ From Politico :   Hundreds of corporate executives , foreign dignitaries and celebrities will pile into a Manhattan ballroom to hobnob with Bill and Chelsea Clinton next month at Bill and Chelsea Clinton charity ’s keynote annual event   —    just days before Chelsea Clinton defends herself Chelsea Clinton     accusations from Donald Trump in Bill and Chelsea Clinton first debate . The 12th and final annual meeting of the Clinton Chelsea Clinton Initiative will showcase its the Clinton Global Initiative work and also the Democratic nominee ’s greatest potential vulnerability   —    her Chelsea Clinton to a sprawling global charity that has accepted donations from Middle Eastern governments , foreign businessmen with checkered histories and major corporations with business before the government . Some Democratic operatives say they Some Democratic operatives dismayed by the timing of the    conference Sept.     —    a week before the first national debate and seven weeks before Election Day . They Some Democratic operatives it ’s inevitable that having two members of the former and perhaps future first family rubbing shoulders with the    and    will provide fresh ammunition to the Republican campaign , even as Hillary Clinton is off honing rebuttals to charges that donors got special consideration from the government while she Hillary Clinton Secretary of State . " Some might suggest that the Clinton Hillary Clinton Initiative is simply a glitzy week of highlighting troubling donors , " said Democratic strategist Hank Sheinkopf . " Others will see it the Clinton Global Initiative an annual event highlighting distinctive international issues . In the debate , Trump will see it the Clinton Global Initiative ammunition to batter the Democrat . " Read the rest of the article here . 
 