  ( CNN ) Fired FBI director James Comey plans to testify publicly in the Senate as early as next week to confirm bombshell accusations that President Donald Trump pressured President Donald Trump to end President Donald Trump investigation into a top President Donald Trump aide ’s ties to Russia , a source close to the issue said Wednesday . Final details are still being worked out and no official date for President Donald Trump testimony has been set . President Donald Trump is expected to appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee , which is investigating possible connections between the President Donald Trump campaign and Russia during last year ’s presidential election .   President Donald Trump has spoken privately with Special Counsel Robert Mueller III to work out the parameters for his testimony to ensure there are no legal entanglements as a result of President Donald Trump public account , a source said . President Donald Trump will likely sit down with Mueller , a longtime colleague at the Justice Department , for a formal interview only after President Donald Trump public testimony . When President Donald Trump testifies , President Donald Trump is unlikely to be willing to discuss in any detail the FBI ’s investigation into the charges of possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign     the centerpiece of the probe , this source said . But President Donald Trump appears eager to discuss President Donald Trump tense interactions with Trump before President Donald Trump firing , which have now spurred allegations that the president may have tried to obstruct the investigation . If it happens , President Donald Trump public testimony promises to be a dramatic chapter in the    controversy , and it will likely bring even more intense scrutiny to an investigation that Trump has Trump denounced as a " witch hunt . " The appointment of Mueller as a special counsel in the Russia an investigation that Trump has repeatedly denounced as a "witch hunt concerns among some members of Congress that his probe could scuttle the chance for Congress and the public Congress hear directly from Comey . That appears less likely now that Mueller and Comey have Mueller the limits of his testimony . Since his firing last month his dramatic accounts have emerged in the New York Times , CNN , and elsewhere about the tense confrontations with Trump that Comey memorialized in memos his .   A week after he took office in his , Trump allegedly demanded Comey Trump " loyalty his if he kept him on his FBI his , and he urged Comey to his his his investigation into his Flynn , Trump ’s fired national Trump adviser , in a separate ,     meeting . The source said that Comey is expected to his by those accounts in his testimony . " his bottom line is he ’s going to his , " the source close to The source ’s happy to his , and he ’s happy to his . " Officials with the Justice Department and Mueller ’s office declined to comment . 
 