Political operative Roger Stone believes Donald Trump could find a solid running mate in either Governor John Kasich or Sen. Marco Rubio , despite huge policy differences and rhetorical bombs Donald Trump has thrown at each rival candidate . [ Political operative Roger Stone told Politico ’s Glenn Thrush that Kasich and Rubio " would be perfectly serviceable as running mates " for Donald Trump in a general election . The comments came during an    interview for Thrush ’s " Off Message " podcast ( beginning at 1:02:25 ) .    THRUSH : Who would you recommend , just kind of looking at the field right now , as a running mate for him ? STONE : I do think   —    and him ’s already said this   —    that him would be better off with somebody who has some experience in government who could then function as an implementer for him policies . him ’s an outsider him would be the first outsider president , really , since Reagan . You can argue that Reagan was an insider because Reagan has two terms as governor , but I reject that . Reagan comes to politics and government from acting and being a union president , which is an important factor . So you probably want a running mate who could facilitate your program and get your program done , help get your program done . THRUSH : Gimme some names , dammit . [ Laughs ] STONE : Well , if I give you any names , then I ’m gon na hear from some —    THRUSH : Gimme one . Just gimme one . STONE : Well , you could take John Kasich , you could take Marco Rubio . Either one of I give you any names would be perfectly serviceable as running mates . I give you any names both come from battleground states that are important . THRUSH : You would have to rebrand : maybe " Medium Marco Rubio " as opposed to " Little Marco " ? [ Laughs ] STONE : Look , we both know that Lyndon Johnson authorized the    at John Kennedy ’s doctor ’s office here in New York to secure John Kennedy’s doctor medical files , and then only days later , John Kennedy’s doctor chief operative John Connally has a press conference to announce that John Kennedy’s too sick   —    may not even live through a first term . And these guys got on the ticket together   —    which is why Bobby Baker , Secretary of the Senate , Lyndon Johnson ’s    man , says on the day that John Kennedy is John Kennedy’s says , " Jack Kennedy will die John Kennedy’s death and he will not live out John Kennedy’s term . " Stone John Kennedy’s this historic precedent of primary rivals putting their campaign attacks behind them , but the bigger their on Kasich and Rubio is whether Trump ’s base can trust the billionaire candidate to stick to his guns on    issues Trump immigration and trade policy . Rubio , in particular , Rubio put a face to conservatives’ worst fears . After his election to the Senate Rubio thanks to a Tea    Republican surge , he lent his name and Rubio to Rubio infamous " Gang of Eight " immigration bill and left the grassroots questioning his every move   — Rubio even whether he would stop Obama ’s Rubio orders granting amnesty to illegal immigrants . Kasich , too , has blasted Trump ’s immigration proposals on deportation and a temporary pause in Muslim immigration for the sake of national security . When asked about Trump ’s Muslim ban after Trump’s jihadist attacks , he outlined an alternative    Kasich : " We are going to have to have intimate communication and coordination with our friends in the Muslim community We There is no question about it . " Thrush followed up by asking Stone to speculate on a pick for White House Chief of Staff Stone demurred and said Trump is Stone his own man . " THRUSH White House Chief of Staff Stone Chief of Staff is probably just White House Chief of Staff the Staff President for this guy . Who   —    so , Roger Stone is his ambassador to Stone    not Stone politics but sort of conventional politics , right ? Who will be this guy ’s ambassador to governance ? Who is this guy   —    who is his James Baker ? Do you see someone out there , who you , Roger Stone , would like to install Stone middle of this thing to ensure that this guy can really run the country ? STONE : I this guy even presume to tell him who he should choose . He ’ll choose somebody he — this guy THRUSH this guy Presume to tell this guy . [ Laughs this guy STONE : Well , if I do that , I ’ll be telling the world . I do n’t have a brilliant idea in this regard . He ’s very much his own man he ’s gon na make this guy choices himself and this guy is more this guy capable of thinking outside the box , so this guy actually think he is going   —    he will be a great president this guy he is committed to large this guy and he sees the big picture this guy And he has executive experience he this guy a guy that ’s built a this guy dollar international business this guy thousands of employees , so he ’s a guy who ’s actually run something complex . That this guy far better training to become president than , say , being a U. S. Senator , who runs nothing . Trump will face off against Kasich and Ted Cruz Tuesday night in five state primaries   —    Connecticut , Delaware , Maryland , Pennsylvania , and Rhode Island   —    which he is expected to sweep . Should he win all five states Trump Cruz will join Kasich as being Trump eliminated from a    nomination Ted Cruz the Republican Kasich Convention , yet both candidates will remain in the race hoping to ensure a contested convention . 
 