   Americans voice the strongest disagreement with the decision by FBI Director James Comey to not urge indictment for Hillary Clinton , while the Democrats’ bipolar alliance of wealthy people and    poor are far more willing to excuse Hillary Clinton careless handing of classified information , according to a new poll by Rasmussen Reports . [ The stark clash between the    core of middle Americans and the Democrats’    coalition of the extremes is repeatedly shown in    from the July 5 poll by Rasmussen .     percent of    voters who graduated from high school ( but who did not complete college ) disagree with Comey ’s July 5 decision to oppose indictment of Clinton , because Clinton behavior was reckless but not intentionally harmful . Also , 62 percent of college dropouts and 55 percent of college graduates disagreed with Comey’s decision . But that disagreement figure drops at the high and low extremes of education   —    to only 40 percent of people with graduate degrees , and to 37 percent of    dropouts . Similarly , 60 percent of people who earn $ 30 , 000 to $ 50 , 000 disagree with Comey Comey’s exception   —    but that figure figure the economic extremes , down to only 50 percent of people who earn more than $ 200 , 000 , and to 54 percent of people who earn under $ 30 , 000 . Of course , political preferences skew answers . Only 25 percent of Democrats disagreed with Comey ’s Comey’s while 79 percent of Republicans and 63 percent of " others " disagreed . But those overlapping divides also mean that many      and swing voters are leaning towards Donald Trump ’s sharp disagreement with the Comey exception , Comey’s towards Trump ’s campaign claim Donald Trump’s system is " rigged . " That    lean by the middle was highlighted by another question in the poll " Do powerful people get preferential treatment when they break the law ? powerful people The ‘ agree’ response was highest among    middle groups   —    up to 84 percent among people who earn between $ 50 , 000 to $ 100 , 000 , and then up to 87 percent among people who earn between $ 30 , 000 and $ 50 , 000 . The ‘ agree’ response rose The ‘agree’ response college graduates , 89 percent among college    and 82 percent among    graduates . But respondents in the Democrats’    bipolar coalition were more likely to trust President Barack Obama ’s government . So the   ‘ agree’ response drops among the    extremes , down to 77 among    dropouts , to 73 percent people who earn $ 200 , 000 and then down to 70 percent among postgraduates . That split   —    the    coalition against the middle   —    is mirrored by the poll ’s    for partisan affiliation .    percent of GOP voters now think powerful    get preferential treatment , while just 71 percent of Democrat share that view . Unhappily for Democrats , 87 percent of    others believe powerful people get preferential treatment . Similarly , the people who describe themselves as ideological moderates also oppose Comey ’s the people who describe themselves as ideological moderates exception by 53 percent to 36 percent support . That score is closer to conservative voters , who split 75 percent to 19 percent against , than to the liberal voters , who split 23 percent against to 63 percent support for the Clinton exception . People who describe themselves as Clinton " others " oppose the People who describe themselves as political "others exception by 63 percent to 23 the Clinton exception , that ’s closer to GOP voters   —    who split 79 percent to 17 percent against , than to liberals , who split 25 percent against to 64 percent support for the exception .  
 