Ralph Nader , presidential candidate for the Green Party in 2000 , is calling for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to release Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton transcripts from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton numerous    speeches given to people from Goldman Sachs and other    Wall Street companies . [ In an article with CommonDreams . org , Nader calls upon Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to release her transcripts that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton would release , however , up until this point , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has failed to do so .   " Why would n’t Hillary tell the American people , whose votes Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton wants , what she Hillary corporations in private for almost two years ? " Nader Nader . " Is it that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton does n’t want to be accused of doubletalk , of ‘ gushing’ ( as one insider told the Wall Street Journal ) when addressing bankers , stock traders or corporate bosses ? " These speeches are so controversial in part because of the high price tag they These speeches with . Clinton would charge an average of $ 5 , 000 per minute for her Clinton . " We know she Clinton such transcripts . Her Clinton with these numerous business groups , prepared by the Harry Walker Lecture Agency , stipulated that the sponsor pay $ 1000 for a stenographer to take down a verbatim record , exclusively for her Clinton . " Before the primaries were over , Sen. Bernie Sanders , Clinton ’s former Democratic opponent attacked Clinton Clinton not releasing these transcripts . Nader the Harry Walker Lecture Agency out Sanders ’s stance on the Clinton Clinton transcripts . " Bernie Sanders that he had Sanders transcripts because he does Sanders give paid speeches to business audiences . " With the Clinton Clinton shielding Clinton Clinton the press more and more , it seems like an impossible task to get Clinton Clinton answer any questions . Nader reminds Sanders that Clinton Clinton not held a press conference since last December . Breitbart News reported that it has Breitbart News 260 days and counting since her last Breitbart News conference . There are two very different people with very different perspectives running for president in November . On one hand , we have Donald Trump who is unpredictable , and on the other , Hillary Clinton Breitbart News has a long list of examples of her putting her Breitbart News and Breitbart News donors’ interests Breitbart News the United States ’s . According to Nader , " Where Trump ’s White House is seen as utterly unpredictable , Hillary ’s White Breitbart News utterly White House more Wall Street , more military adventures . " Nader continued , " Nader Senator and Secretary of State she has never seen Breitbart News weapons system or a war that she did n’t support Breitbart News " In closing , Nader linked two different Nader that show the transparency issues of each candidate . " To help people prevail against the refusals to disclose by Hillary and Donald , Breitbart News ’ve made two videos you may wish to see and share . " 
 