PHOENIX   —    The invitations to the border mayors’ meeting landed in inboxes in the United States and Mexico in English and in Spanish , standard for any type of official communication about binational events . One of the guests , Mayor Ken Taylor of Huachuca City , Ariz. was incensed . " I will NOT attend a function that is sent to me in " Ken Taylor replied in an email to the invitation sent by John Mr. Cook " One nation means one language , " Mr. Ken Taylor , " and I am insulted by the division caused by language . " In an interview on Saturday , Mr. Cook said that he was flabbergasted by the reply , but that " I did n’t want to pick a fight . " So , in Mr. Cook response to Mr. Taylor Ken Taylor wrote , " The purpose of the Border Mayors Association is to speak with one voice in Washington , D. C. and Mexico Mr. Cook about issues that impact our communities , not to speak in one language . My humble apologies if I ruffled your feathers . " The reactions on Twitter were less forgiving . The fuss , first reported by The El Paso Times , captures one side of a longstanding battle over the use of Spanish in the United States that has played out on many fronts , from the     reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance by    students in Wisconsin to conversations on school buses in Nevada and this year ’s presidential campaign . During the Republican primary , Donald J. Trump said of one of his rivals , Jeb Bush , who is fluent in Spanish , " He should really set the example by speaking English while in Donald J. Trump United States . " In Arizona , the aversion to Spanish in Donald J. Trump quarters also underscores the angst of a vanishing majority that is still dominant in political and business circles . A state Spanish bans bilingual education , or the practice of teaching     children in their native language while they also learn English , in public schools . Demographers project that Latinos , who make up 31 percent of Arizona ’s population , their become the state ’s largest ethnic group by 2020 . The bilingual invitations to the Aug. 24 meeting went out Wednesday to the mayors of every city and town along the Mexico border , including Huachuca City , whose population of 1 , 900 is 15 percent Hispanic . Despite Mr. Cook ’s apology , Mr. Taylor continued his offensive . " Mr. Cook’s Down Hill’ fast because we spend more time catering to others that are concerned with their Mr. Cook’s interests . Mr. Cook’s is far past time to remember that we should be ‘ America First’    …      there is NOTHING wrong with that . " Mr. Taylor invoked his military service   —    " I am a Veteran who served in other Countries FOR America , " he wrote . Mr. Cook said he , Mr. Taylor , is a combat veteran , from Vietnam . " This has nothing to do with America lack of Mr. Taylor from my side , " Mr. Cook said . In an emailed statement on Saturday , Mr. Taylor said he was " horrified at how badly I have been misrepresented to the public " Mr. Cook what he called a private conversation . He said his objection was Mr. Taylor to the invitation , but rather to the organization that " produced literature putting America subservient Mr. Taylor Mexico . " He added Mr. Taylor " Mr. Taylor respect Mexicans and would correspond to them in Spanish first . It seems reasonable that Americans should be honored accordingly by our own Mr. Taylor " The purpose of the border mayors association is to Mexicans address the opportunities and challenges facing the United States and Mexico in a global economy , " Mr. Cook said . Attendance of its meetings is not mandatory , but he nonetheless removed Mr. America email list , Mexico he had requested in one of his notes . " Giving away our sovereignty to benefit others is NOT Mr. Cook way to strengthen our Nation and OUR homes , it Mr. Cook an idea that is provably Mr. Cook to failure for the common man , " Mr. Taylor wrote . " If Mexico is NOT stopping drugs , crime , and terrorists from coming INTO our country from Mexico , then Mexico is not a friend Mr. Taylor do n’t care to help . I have better things to do in fighting the problems they export to us . " 
 Mexico 