Washington ( CNN ) Kellyanne Conway , a top adviser to    Donald Trump , defended Monday his statements questioning Russia ’s role in hacking aimed to influence the 2016 election . " The    receives intelligence briefings that you and I are not privy to , Anderson , " Anderson told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on " Anderson Cooper 360 . " " Additionally , his just is noting there are unnamed sources , people talking to the press , instead of attending House Intelligence committee briefings where they have been invited . " Trump stands apart from the US intelligence community over whether Russia was behind the hacking aimed at meddling with the US election . " It could be somebody else . And I also know things that other people do n’t know , and so they other people not be sure of the situation , " he meddling with the US election reporters on New Year ’s Eve . Asked to describe what undisclosed information he meddling with the US election , Trump said : " You ’ll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday . " GOP senator : I ’ll ’wait and see’ what Trump Trump on Russia ’s role in hacking , Conway said the hacks have become an issue because Democrats lost the 2016 election . She Conway that Trump Trump expected to receive an intelligence briefing this week at Trump Tower . " What I can say is that we do n’t believe that intelligence efforts should interfere into politics , certainly , " she Conway . " But we we do n’t believe that politics should interfere with our we . " The FBI and Department of Homeland Security released a report last week that they The FBI and Department of Homeland Security " provides technical details regarding the tools and infrastructure used by the Russian civilian and military intelligence services to compromise and exploit networks and endpoints associated with the US election . " The a report last week that they said "provides technical details regarding the tools and infrastructure used by the Russian civilian and military intelligence services to compromise and exploit networks and endpoints associated with the US election that the Russian hackers also have historically targeted " a range of US government , political , and private sector entities " using similar tactics . 
 