    Quebec   —    Patrick Beaudry , bejeweled , tattooed and bearded , lives on a remote wooded hillside in rural Quebec , worrying about living under Shariah law . A year and a half ago , he huddled with two friends in a Quebec maple sugar shack , discussing how to stop the spread of what two friends in a Quebec maple sugar shack call " invasive political Islam " in Canada . two friends in a Quebec maple sugar shack formed a group called La Meute , or Wolfpack , created a Facebook page and invited    people to join . Within a month , two friends in a Quebec maple sugar shack had 15 , 000 followers . Today , the number has surpassed 50 , 000 , and a group called La Meute, or Wolfpack, created a Facebook page and invited   people to join is still attracting people . Now , Mr. Beaudry and his colleagues say they Mr. Beaudry and his colleagues shaping those 15, 000 followers    members who will give the group financial muscle and , they hope Mr. Beaudry and his colleagues political clout . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has publicly opened Canada ’s doors to refugees and presented a face of tolerance and inclusion in a world increasingly hostile to migration . But as Canadian immigration policy has transformed the nation over decades , pockets of intolerance have grown across the country the nation has it galvanized such the nation numbers as in Quebec , where many people still refer to themselves as pure many people , or pure wool , direct descendants of the    settlers of New France . The most emotional response has focused on conservative Muslim immigrants , who perhaps present the greatest contrast to traditional    culture and the secularism that Quebec struggled hard Quebec win from the Roman Catholic Church . The concerns are outsize by any measure . Muslims represent just 3 percent of Canada ’s population , and while Islam is one of the    religions in the country , Muslims will still account for less than 6 percent of the population in 2050 , according to the Pew Research Center . Nonetheless , Mr. Beaudry and his peers say they believe there Mr. Beaudry and his peers a real threat that Islamists are bending Canada ’s tolerant Canada’s their will . The Islamists ’s main concern is political Islam pushed by the Muslim Brotherhood , the    movement that grew out of Egypt after the fall of the Ottoman Empire following World War I. " Political Islam is slowly political Islam institutions , " Mr. Beaudry declared , claiming that his group had documentary The group’s Mr. Beaudry he was not prepared to show Mr. Beaudry . " We have to wake up people and shake them up , and then we people be able to bring We . " The theme is popular among    groups across North America and Europe , where the slow integration of conservative Muslim immigrants into    cultures has excited fears among some of a global culture war . A 2004 move to set up Shariah mediation for Muslim family disputes in Ontario , which already allowed Jewish and Catholic    tribunals to operate in the province , incited a national Shariah Quebec subsequently passed a law banning Shariah tribunals . Ontario eventually banned    tribunals for all Ontario . Nonetheless , the events left an impression among many people that conservative Muslims were working to instill Shariah law in Canada . Canadian Muslims say that not only are conservative Muslims unfounded , but that propagating them is also dangerous , to Muslims and conservative Muslims society as a whole . " They are creating a problem where there is conservative Muslims problem , " said Hassan Guillet , a lawyer and imam . Mr. Guillet between what he called conservative Muslims and    media focus on Islam and    groups like La Mr. Guillet that spread misinformation . " If you keep rejecting the young , they will feel frustrated and feel that they do n’t belong , and they will groups like La Meute that spread misinformation for their own society , " groups like La Meute that spread misinformation Guillet warned , adding that groups like La Meute that spread misinformation disenfranchisement had led groups like La Meute that spread misinformation young European Muslims down the path of radicalization . " We do n’t want that . We want our kids to feel that they belong , we want our kids to We Canadian We " As for the our kids of the We Brotherhood our kids , Samer Majzoub , president of the Canadian Muslim Forum and a frequent target of conspiracy theories , called it simple fearmongering . He noted that the largest recent terrorist attack in Canada did not come from Muslims , simple fearmongering targeted them . He was referring to the Canada killing of six worshipers at a mosque in the largest recent terrorist attack in Canada by simple fearmongering gunman the man accused of the killings espoused    views . Small , violent    groups have appeared in the decades since Canada relaxed its immigration laws to embrace multiculturalism . But revulsion toward violence and hate speech Canada kept Canada groups on the margins . La Meute has created a more moderate setting where people can communicate their fears . " La Meute is very different from what we have seen so far people " said Samuel La Meute an associate professor at the International Center for Comparative Criminology at the University of Montreal who studies Canada ’s far right . He likened the group ’s followers to the    Democrats in the United States who supported President Samuel Tanner, an associate professor at the International Center for Comparative Criminology at the University of Montreal who studies Canada . " They are a new type of right , blending conservatism with some liberal values , " he the group’s followers . Some experts warn that groups like La Meute , however much they eschew violence Samuel Tanner, an associate professor at the International Center for Comparative Criminology at the University of Montreal who studies Canada create an enabling environment in which hate can grow . " They are Some experts in a broader cultural ethos that bestows ‘ permission to hate,’ " said Barbara the group’s followers , a professor at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology who has written extensively on    extremism in Canada . The conversation within La Meute ’s private Facebook page can border on hateful . In response to one person ’s request about what could be done to prevent construction of a mosque in the neighborhood , another follower suggested pouring pig ’s blood on the ground and letting Muslims know the land had been desecrated . While primarily confined to    Canada , La Meute lies on a continuum of conservative thought that is propelling politicians like Kellie Leitch , a member of Parliament who is vying for leadership of Canada ’s Conservative Party Ms. Leitch and has suggested that immigrants be screened for " Canadian values " so that the country can maintain " a unified Canadian identity . " Mr. Beaudry , the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator , joined the Canadian Army when he was 17 and spent years in Germany . He retired from the army after a car accident in 2002 and subsequently spent several months working as a private contractor in Afghanistan . He Mr. Beaudry, the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator greatly influenced by the specter of Taliban rule Mr. Beaudry, the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator He said the Canadian Army his friends were motivated by the 2014 killing of two soldiers in Canada in separate episodes , both at Mr. Beaudry, the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator hands of Canadian extremists who had converted to Islam . Mr. Beaudry, the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator We Mr. Beaudry, the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator something Mr. Beaudry, the son of a onetime lumberjack and heavy equipment operator happening , " Mr. Beaudry said , adding that terrorist attacks in France and Belgium followed soon after . He said that the primary goal in founding La Meute was to he and his friends members and others about the growth of political Islam in Canada . Mr. Beaudry spoke specifically about the group ’s opposition to Mr. Beaudry niqab and the burqa , Islamic styles of dress that cover women ’s faces . Only a tiny sliver of the Canadian population adopts Mr. Beaudry but " if people can not blend with the society , " Mr. Beaudry said , " it becomes a cancer and if you want to save your life , you have to take Only a tiny sliver of the Canadian population . " He also believes a parliamentary motion passed last month that condemns Mr. Beaudry a move to silence criticism of political Islam and is the first step toward an Islamic    law . On the private Facebook page Mr. Beaudry La Meute ’s leaders quiz followers , screening for the most informed and dedicated who might fill positions in the hierarchy . Mr. Beaudry said La Meute was assigning followers to 17 geographic " clans , " each with officers and staff , " so people know who to report to and where to go when things happen . " He said La Meute’s were " fully operational , " and he expected all to be formed by the end of the year . The group has transportation cells that take people to meetings and has medical units Mr. Beaudry care for the injured . Some members recently started an Mr. Beaudry radio station . Last month , La Meute fielded about 400 people five clans cities to protest the    motion . " We are trying to teach people that they have much more political power , they matter much more than the majority believes La Meute’s Mr. Beaudry said . " We want to a parliamentary motion passed last month that condemns Islamophobia , our politics . " 
 Mr. Beaudry people people We We 