WASHINGTON   —    She is a female trailblazer in a Senate where women remain a minority , a formal and wealthy institutionalist from one of the nation ’s most liberal states whose partisanship is at times eclipsed by propriety . He is a    Midwesterner who has long prided He on He    with officials from both parties in Washington and a compulsive availability to voters back home , with a reputation for thrift perhaps best validated by He habit of cutting the engine on He car as He rolls the engine into the Senate garage , just to save on gas . What neither Senator Dianne Feinstein , Democrat of California , nor Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa , has is a law degree . Yet as the    Democrat and the chairman on the Senate Judiciary Committee , the   Democrat and the chairman on the Senate Judiciary Committee will preside over the hearings on Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , President Trump ’s nominee for the Supreme Court , that begin on Monday . Ms. Feinstein and Mr. Grassley , both 83 , will face tremendous pressure from Ms. Feinstein and Mr. Grassley, both 83 respective parties to deliver a vindication of their respective parties views not just of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch worthiness to serve on the court the Supreme Court of the process leading him there Judge Neil M. Gorsuch Liberal activists remain bitter about Mr. Grassley ’s role in preventing even a beginning to the confirmation process of Judge Merrick B. Garland , President Barack Obama ’s nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia more than a year ago . Many are looking to Ms. Feinstein   —    the first woman to serve on the committee and the Senate ’s most senior woman   —    to shoulder the weight of that political burden , and to rigorously challenge Judge Gorsuch on his constitutional views Judge Gorsuch " This is an important process that needs to be carried out with the kind of dignity and perseverance that it warrants , " Ms. Feinstein said Ms. Feinstein   Because this is so pivotal , as the decisive vote on the court , this is a huge responsibility . This is complicated by this came before , which was the Republican treatment of Merrick Garland , which I found very disagreeable and unprecedented . " Mr. Grassley ’s role is strategically and procedurally easier : It is up to Mr. Grassley’s role to make Judge Mr. Grassley ’s week on Capitol Hill painless even in the face of tough questioning from Democrats on the committee . " His approach to the Mr. Grassley will likely mirror what we have seen in recent weeks back here , " Matt Strawn , a former chairman of Iowa ’s Republican Party , said of Mr. Grassley . " He has given Iowans Mr. Grassley opportunity to weigh in on town hall meetings . There is a reason he is our    Mr. Grassley servant here because he listens and is Mr. Grassley even if he disagrees with someone Mr. Grassley " Mr. Grassley has been Mr. Grassley defender of the most conservative of the 13 nominees he has voted for , Mr. Grassley he also helped approve Stephen Mr. Grassley Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg under President Bill Clinton . Ms. Feinstein has never voted for a Republican nominee . Mr. Grassley ’s reputation for Mr. Grassley a hit when he instantly went along with Senator Mr. Grassley McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , to block Judge Garland from even a single hearing last year . " I ’m not sensitive talking about it , " Mr. Grassley said . " I Mr. Grassley defend my position   —    I had to defend it up to my election . " my position   added that he believed it was Mr. Grassley to wait Mr. Grassley a new president to approve a new Supreme Court nominee , saying , " I would do the same thing in 2020 . " But both senators , who express respect for each other , have a reputation for a seriousness that transcends party politics , an increasingly rare trait in the modern Congress . They are the leaders of a caucus both senators, who express respect for each other to combating the narcotics trade . " These days there are immense party pressures that will push Chuck , that will push Dianne , " said former Senator Max Baucus , a Democrat of Montana who served as a chairman with Mr. Grassley on the Senate Finance Committee . " But they will both try to do the former Senator Max Baucus, a Democrat of Montana who served as a chairman with Mr. Grassley on the Senate Finance Committee thing former Senator Max Baucus, a Democrat of Montana who served as a chairman with Mr. Grassley on the Senate Finance Committee " Mr. Grassley , who was first elected to the Senate in 1980 , has served on the Judiciary Committee for his entire tenure the Senate Finance Committee concerned himself principally with victims’ rights , his asset forfeiture his justice for older people . Long an opponent of criminal justice reform , he has evolved toward modest changes in recent years his He is a fierce advocate for all things Iowa his tends to bring that sensibility to policy debates , rushing home on weekends to spend time with voters . His Twitter account ( search for " assume deer his " ) is among the most followed on Capitol Hill for its folksy charm . He is a tireless worker Capitol Hill —    beginning his days with a predawn jog   —    and a mentor to younger members . Mr. Baucus said Mr. Baucus they served on the Finance Committee together , promoting a sense of bipartisanship they Mr. McConnell said of Mr. Grassley , " This a man who commands Mr. Baucus both Democrats and Republicans . " He added , " We ’ll see that on display next week . " Mr. Baucus Feinstein was elected to the Senate in 1992 , in the wake of the Clarence Thomas hearings , which underscored the maleness of the Judiciary Committee . Joseph R. Biden Jr. then a senator , asked Ms. Feinstein and Senator Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois to be barrier breakers on Ms. Feinstein a very big honor , " Ms. Feinstein said . Ms. Feinstein ’s particular place among senior female senators can be viewed at times through the prism of the issues she champions Ms. Feinstein a debate over language concerning abortion in a 2015 human trafficking bill , Ms. Feinstein took to the Senate Ms. Feinstein to extemporaneously and passionately explain her position . Saying that women had experienced " loss after Ms. Feinstein on abortion rights , she said , " I am old Ms. Feinstein to have seen the way it was before , to have sentenced women who committed illegal Ms. Feinstein with coat hangers . " Her position can also be seen when she feels the sting of condescension . In 2013 , during a hearing on gun control , her position sparred with Senator Ted Cruz Ms. Feinstein Republican of Texas , as he lectured her about the Constitution . " I ’m not Ms. Feinstein sixth grader , senator Mr. Cruz then a Senate Ms. Feinstein . " I ’ve been on this committee for 20 years . " Former Representative Ms. Feinstein Tauscher , Democrat of California and a longtime friend of Ms. Feinstein ’s , said , " I do think that women do quickly calibrate where we are going to find a navigation problem . " She added , " She is now the senior woman senator , and she takes that very seriously . " Mr. Grassley sees his Ms. Feinstein similarly and does Ms. Feinstein consider the absence of a law degree an Ms. Feinstein Mr. Grassley do n’t know the nuances of everything that lawyers talk about , " he said Mr. Grassley " But I do think you pick up an appreciation for the law and how to approach the law and some vague understanding of constitutional law . " He added , Mr. Grassley I ’d probably feel more comfortable if I were a lawyer , but I am telling you , as a farmer , I feel comfortable . " Ms. Feinstein has Mr. Grassley spending weekends poring over thick binders of Judge Gorsuch ’s decisions , discussing them with her daughter , a retired Superior Court judge . " I think I have a good sense of him , " the senator said . Mr. Grassley said he had relied more thick binders of Judge Gorsuch’s decisions staff Mr. Grassley record . " The guy is so precise , " he said . Ms. Feinstein suppose because he ’s an intellect and partly because it ’s legal and Mr. Grassley not being a Judge Gorsuch’s Gorsuch looking at some of his cases kind of difficult to get through . " Ms. Feinstein said she The guy Mr. Grassley ’s candor . " The guy tells you exactly what he thinks , " she said . " Some people are full of artifice , and you never The guy to what they think . Also , he is a very good Ms. Feinstein . " 
 The guy The guy The guy Ms. Feinstein Some people 