  ( CNN ) Illegal immigration was not the debate that 2016 Republicans wanted to have right now as CNN) Illegal immigration begin an already tough battle to regain the White House . Perhaps no issue has bedeviled Republicans in recent election cycles more than illegal immigration . GOP candidates have been snared , over and over again , by the difficulty of appealing to conservative GOP primary voters who dominate the primary process while not alienating Latino voters , whose influence has grown in battleground states with each presidential cycle . This week , as the controversy raged on about the    comments of Donald Trump , Donald Trump fellow GOP contenders found Donald Trump, his fellow GOP contenders seared by the damage that Donald Trump was inflicting on the Republican brand . When Donald Trump first made the inflammatory assertion in Donald Trump June announcement speech that some illegal immigrants from Mexico are criminals and " rapists , " many of Donald Trump rivals were slow to respond . But as the fallout has continued , more are speaking out     trying to reinforce that Donald Trump views are not representative of the image of the Republican Party . READ : Donald Trump first in on immigration , Some , like Jeb Bush , have sharply criticized Trump Donald Trump , while others like Marco Rubio     who has taken flak from conservatives for helping usher an immigration reform bill through the Senate     have seemed unwilling to engage beyond paper statements .   And all of them will be others like Marco Rubio    who has taken flak from conservatives for helping usher an immigration reform bill through the Senate    have seemed unwilling to engage beyond paper statements on the issue before a national audience during the upcoming debates that will weed out the weaker contenders from the field . By infuriating many Latino voters , who have pointed to a number of studies showing that crime is actually lower among illegal immigrants than the broader population , the debate has brought unwelcome comparisons to recent struggles by Republicans to talk about immigration in a way that broadens their appeal among immigration voters . It revived talk , for example , of Mitt Romney ’s suggestion during the 2012 Republican primary that he was in Mitt Romney’s of " " for millions of illegal immigrants     a statement that made it extremely difficult for him to draw Mitt Romney’s numbers of Latinos to support his campaign when Mitt Romney’s mattered later in the general election .   RELATED : GOPers run from Trump on immigration stance , President George W. Bush ’s strong performance among Latino voters     he notched 44 President George W. Bush of the Latino vote in 2004 compared to Romney ’s 27 % in 2012 , according to national exit polls     seems like a distant memory to many Republicans now , despite a focus on building goodwill among minority voters by Republican National Committee operatives .   " We ’ve gone from 44 % to 27 % among Hispanic voters , for a reason . You ’ll never convince me that it has n’t been about the way that we ’ve handled this issue , " South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said in a telephone interview with CNN on Tuesday . " Mitt Romney showed a lot of political courage by saying that ( his comment about Mitt Romney ’ ’ was a mistake , and now here we have Donald Trump casting 11 million people in a very derogatory manner . That ’s a problem , " said Graham , who is also seeking the GOP presidential nomination . " There are some within the 11 million that are bad people , but I can not tell you how harmful it is to reinforce a narrative that Republicans basically have very little respect for people . " The Latino vote was a key factor in President Obama ’s two victories , but by 2014 Republicans seemed to be making some limited gains . A survey by the Pew Research Center shortly before the 2014 elections showed that registered Latino voters were less supportive of the Democratic Party then in recent years . In the October 2014 Pew survey , Democrats still held a commanding edge among Latinos , but 27 % of Hispanic voters said they leaned toward 27% of Hispanic voters Republican Party , which was up from 22 % in 2012 .   READ : Trump calls out Rubio for being " weak " on immigration , praises Cruz   Many Republican strategists have watched with alarm as Trump has sucked Trump all the oxygen in the presidential race on the issue , essentially doubling down on his comments by Trump day     even as huge national corporations abandon their ties to huge national corporations business organization Trump The danger for other Republican candidates in being painted as    as a result of Trump ’s comments Trump Tuesday in Iowa when Hillary Clinton argued that the GOP candidates all basically hold the same position on illegal immigration and vowed that she would lead the Hillary Clinton forward on a path to citizenship .   All of the GOP candidates , the GOP candidates all ’s Hillary Clinton Keilar in her first national television Hillary Clinton this election season , are " in the same general area on immigration . They do n’t want to provide All of the GOP candidates path to citizenship .   They range across a spectrum of All of the GOP candidates either grudgingly welcome or hostile toward immigrants . " Graham took issue with her comments , noting Hillary Clinton he has long supported a path Graham citizenship . " I ’m going to talk about comprehensive immigration reform , " Clinton said Tuesday . " I ’m going to talk about all ’m the good ,    productive members of the immigrant community that I personally know , that I ’ve met over the course of my life , that I would like to see have a path to citizenship . " READ : Trump ’s immigration comments hurting GOP , Romney says , A number of Republican strategists said Tuesday that the candidates have an opportunity to stand out in a crowded field by forcefully taking on Trump , and moving the debate toward the policy realm .    They noted for example that candidates the candidates have an opportunity to stand out in a crowded field by forcefully taking on Trump, and moving the debate toward the policy realm debate the effect of sanctuary cities like San Francisco and whether law enforcement is properly tracking illegal immigrants with prior felony convictions in the U. S. like the undocumented immigrant accused of shooting San Francisco woman Kate Steinle on San Francisco ’s Pier 14 last week . " This is a discussion that we know is going to happen at some point anyway , " said Lanhee J. Chen , Romney ’s former Chen sooner or later     I think for the 2016 candidates what they ought to be thinking about , quite frankly Chen is what they are going to say substantively and what their policies are going the 2016 candidates be . " " The Trump stuff is silly and it the 2016 candidates just Trump being Trump , " Chen the 2016 candidates . " But if they are able to engage on the substance , it The Trump stuff be good for the Republican Party , particularly if the place where we end up is perceived as being more reasonable than in the past . "   The debate over whether city and federal officials the Republican Party have done more to prevent Steinle ’s murder in San Francisco is likely to keep the illegal immigration issue at the forefront in the coming weeks     and it is likely to come up when the presidential debates begin in August .    Trump has seized on the circumstance surrounding Steinle ’s murder as justification for his comments that some Mexican immigrants are criminals and rapists .   The suspect in Steinle ’s death Steinle’s immigrant Juan Francisco    has Trump felony record and was deported to Mexico five times .   Trump : Steinle Steinle’s shows perils of illegal immigration , Keying off that point , Trump released a new statement on Monday : " What can be simpler or more accurately stated ? The Mexican Government is forcing their most unwanted Trump: San Francisco into the United States . They are , in many cases , criminals , drug dealers , rapists , etc . , The Mexican Government he said . " This was evident just The Mexican Government week when , as an example , a young woman in San Francisco was viciously killed by Trump: San Francisco five time deported Mexican with a long criminal record , who was forced back into the United States because they did n’t want him in Mexico . "   Trump argued that the Steinle case was " merely one of thousands the United States throughout The Mexican Government United States . " Hillary a young woman in San Francisco weighed in on the matter during her interview with CNN on Tuesday . Clinton , who attended Trump ’s 2005 wedding the United States was " disappointed " by the real estate magnate ’s comments . Hillary Clinton went on to say that that Steinle ’s murder pointed to the problems with the current Hillary Clinton system .    In March ,    was placed in the custody Hillary Clinton San Francisco police , who wanted him on an outstanding drug warrant , after he completed a federal prison sentence . The U. S. Immigration and Custom Enforcement says it requested notification before    was released      Clinton told CNN ’s Keilar on    that city officials should have Tuesday to the guidance of the Department of Homeland The U. S. Immigration and Custom Enforcement , " which    I understand it , Hillary Clinton them CNN deport this man again after he got out of prison another time . "   " Here ’s a case where we ’ve deported , we ’ve deported city officials we ’ve deported .   He this man back up in our country and I think the city made a mistake , " Clinton said in the we . " The we made a mistake , this man to deport someone that the federal government strongly felt should be deported . So I have Hillary Clinton no support her interview with CNN on Tuesday city that ignores the city evidence that should be The Mexican Government " 
 