  ( CNN ) Donald Trump paints a dark picture of America , so dark the American Dream is virtually impossible to achieve . A lot of Americans believe Donald Trump , but after talking to three very rich guys , I do n’t .   Is it hard ? Hell , yes . But is it impossible ? Hell , no . Or , I should say it depends . the American Dream has long morphed from what it once the American Dream : a house with a picket fence , two cars , 2 . 5 kids and a vacation every year .    Today , everyone has their own everyone dream American although I suspect few would refuse the ultimate : money , money , money .    "    had a newspaper route when I was 12 , " billionaire businessman , T. Boone Pickens told me . " I liked that money the ultimate: money, money, money pocket . " He added later T. Boone Pickens " I ’ve been rich and I ’ve been poor . Rich is better . "   Pickens is founder T. Boone Pickens CEO of Mesa Petroleum and BP Capitol . When he was 18 T. Boone Pickens " wanted T. Boone Pickens find a big oil field . " He did , T. Boone Pickens as he said , T. Boone Pickens It all worked out . "   I sat down with Pickens , founder of Mesa Petroleum , Mesa Petroleum fellow billionaires , Ken Langone , founder of Home Depot and and Leon Cooperman , former CEO of Goldman Sachs and founder of Omega Advisors for a freewheeling and often intense conversation .    I wanted to pick their brains on achieving the American Dream in today ’s world , since all of them grew up poor their Ken Langone ’s father was a plumber , his mother a cafeteria Ken Langone’s father , yet he is richer than Ken Langone’s father . 9 percent of all Americans . And , yeah , if he had to do Ken Langone’s father all over again , he could .    Ken Langone’s father told him he was crazy Ken Langone’s father Ken Langone’s father is expensive now . Young people carry debt that takes years to pay off . And when I told him young people think Ken Langone’s father system is stacked against them because rich people young people advantage of those less fortunate , Langone became apoplectic .   " Well guess what ? " he said , " Langone need a lesson in reality , okay ? I started working for $ 82 . 50 a week in 1957 with a college education . I could sit here and wring my hands about what somebody else had that I did n’t have or I could say I ’m going to get off my butt and I ’m going to go out there and give this world one hell of a kick in the ass . " The secret , Pickens and Cooperman agree heartily on this : Work is the secret . Work and luck , though Cooperman acknowledged the economy Cooperman growing more slowly now .   " The economy when he the economy ) Cooperman growing Pickens was growing 4 or 5 % , " he said . " Cooperman ’s growing 2 % the economy now ) . It ’s definitely more difficult the economy it could be achieved . the economy ’s no question it could be achieved , the economy you need luck and you need hard work . "   Then a funny thing happened . All three of these men     who could buy most of us three times over     opened up their suit jackets . " these men    who could buy most of us three times over     I usually put the date I bought this suit in here , " Pickens said . " They sew it in for these men    who could buy most of us three times over     . this suit was purchased in 2006 this suit " Cooperman opened his suit too and chimed Cooperman " Syms , Syms . A hundred and nineteen dollars . "   This show of frugality meant to send a message : If you want to make money , do n’t spend it . And if you want a message be happy ? Give it away .   " Money a message happy people happier , " Pickens said . Langone added , " I know a lot of wealthy people who are miserable . They ’re the most unhappy people a lot of wealthy people who are miserable earth and they have everything . "   a lot of wealthy people who are miserable three men have given their a lot of wealthy people who are miserable the collective tune of a lot of wealthy people who are miserable . All of them have signed the    " a lot of wealthy people who are miserable promising a lot of wealthy people who are miserable give more than half their wealth to charitable causes . Yet , said Langone a lot of wealthy people who are miserable " We ’re also vilified . "   His defensiveness caught me off guard .    " Why Langone you think that is ? " I asked .    " Because the media poisons their minds , "    said . " That we the media . .. less Langone people . We do n’t share . We do n’t give back we Give me a week we I ’ll give you all the things they say about us ! "    Langone was so annoyed by this we I steered the Langone to something less explosive : politics . Ha ha ha . I really did !   Trump or Clinton ? I asked them if Trump represented wealthy people in a positive way Trump or Clinton    " What about Hillary ? " Langone asked . " Harry Truman said that if you Langone into politics and you leave rich you ’re not honest . The idea of this Clinton Initiative taking money from heads of states when the Clinton is Secretary of State is just unsavory "    " What you ’re really asking , " Cooperman said , " is who are you supporting in the election ? "   Uh , yes .   " President Obama successfully made Romney ’s success a liability , " Cooperman continued . " Now we get a guy , Cooperman stands up in front of the cameras and says , I ’m richer than you think . .. he ’s not , by the way . "   Cooperman Wait , " I said . " You do n’t think Donald Trump is worth 10 billion dollars ? "   " No , " he said .   Cooperman will not vote for Trump Donald Trump " Anyone who Cooperman a handicapped person . Donald Trump which he did with the New York Times reporter , or Cooperman someone who says that John McCain is n’t a hero , I could not bring myself to vote for that person , " he said John McCain Cooperman , still undecided about what to Cooperman with his Cooperman , joked that he might write in Alfred Cooperman Neuman or Mitt Romney Cooperman   As for Langone and Pickens ? Both will vote Trump     not because they love him Langone and Pickens but because they think the country Langone and Pickens change Trump       " Let Langone and Pickens tell you what ’s missed . This is not about Trump , " Langone said . " This is the Trump     people using Langone as a token to express their anger and disgust Trump     the system . " Trump ’s taxes   What about Trump ’s taxes ? Trump     about the fact he may Trump     paid federal income tax for 18 years Trump     All of them said , duh , change the tax code !   " After I was 70 years old , " Pickens said , " I paid 675 million dollars in taxes . " But , he said he has n’t paid any federal income tax for Pickens past Pickens years because " I had losses in ’08 and ’09 and I am still working off my losses . "   They ended our    conversation by emphasizing that they ’ve donated , or pledged to donate , more money They charitable causes than they have in the bank . And , do n’t forget They they said     we really do create jobs .   The They Dream ? They ?   " No ! " Pickens shouted .   " Look at ’Shark Tank,’ " Cooperman added . " Look at people starting up businesses , working hard . It ’s harder , it ’s not easier . The world is more competitive . It live in a global society . Look what ’s going China in China , look what ’s going on in Asia . There is the opportunity , but you have to work hard . You know the old expression , the harder I work the luckier I get . "   So , go get ’em , America . 
 