  ( CNN ) Donald Trump the businessman was no stranger to lawsuits , both frivolous and substantive .   The    wheeler and dealer filed numerous lawsuits and faced an array of allegations of Donald Trump the businessman own before stepping into the Oval Office , including claims of sexual harassment , bilking investors and defrauding students of Donald Trump the businessman eponymous university .   Donald Trump the businessman the president has continued that legal legacy , as it were .   In his Donald Trump the president 11 days at the country ’s helm , his Donald Trump the president ban and perceived conflicts of interest have spawned a handful of lawsuits , with plaintiffs contending the President of the United States should not be barring certain immigrants from entering the the country that his Donald Trump the president around the globe should not be accepting business from foreign governments .   Trump and Trump defended the travel ban and dismissed concerns about potential conflicts of interest . Earlier this month Trump said he would transfer his business Trump to a Trump run by his sons . As of Trump Tuesday , Trump has been named in Trump federal lawsuits since his inauguration . By comparison Trump former President Barack Obama was named in 11 suits during his first 11 days in former President Barack Obama     some of them involving the    " birther " claims that Obama was not an American former President Barack Obama .   Here ’s a look at some of the lawsuits from the opening days of Trump ’s presidency .   Darweesh v. Trump , Hameed Khalid Darweesh worked with the American government for 10 years after the United States invaded Iraq . Another Iraqi , Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi , had been granted a visa to join his wife , who worked Hameed Khalid Darweesh an American contractor in Iraq , and son , Iraq , both of whom already live in the United States as refugees the United States two men were detained Saturday at Another Iraqi, Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi International Airport , setting off a large protest .   The ACLU and other groups filed a    lawsuit     the first to challenge Trump ’s executive order on immigration     on behalf of the men . Separately , the Pentagon is compiling Another Iraqi, Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi people who supported US military operations in Iraq so they can more easily receive waivers under Trump ’s executive US military operations in Iraq on immigration , Pentagon spokesman Capt Trump’s Davis said . Read the court Pentagon   CAIR ’s lawsuit , The Council on American Islamic Relations on Monday filed a lawsuit in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia on behalf of 27 named and unnamed individuals challenging what the Muslim civil rights organization terms Trump ’s " Muslim ban . " It targets Trump , Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly , the State Department and the Director of National Intelligence .   The White House has repeatedly said its travel ban is not based on religion and Trump has The White House the media for reporting otherwise . But CAIR Trump that the " underlying motive " of Trump ’s executive order is to ban people of the Islamic Trump from entering the country .   " There is no evidence that refugees     the most thoroughly vetted of all people entering our nation     are a threat to national security , " Lena Masri , CAIR ’s national litigation director , said in a statement . CAIR is an order that is based on bigotry , not reality . " Read the CAIR lawsuit , Suit for those who never left for US , The Arab American Civil Rights League filed suit on behalf of six people who were not allowed to get on a plane back to the United States .   " This is addressing those individuals that are stuck overseas , that can not be with their loved ones , " attorney Nabih Ayad , founder of the those individuals that are stuck overseas , said at a news conference . The organization said the six people live in the Detroit area . The Arab American Civil Rights League also was filed on behalf of people in similar situations . suit file this present suit due to the fact that the existing   orders do not suit holders that were not en route or detained by the United States , " the lawsuit says .   Read the ACRL lawsuit , Another case in Virginia , A federal court issued a temporary restraining order saying that 50 to 60 permanent residents returning from trips abroad should have access to lawyers while they are being detained at Dulles International Airport and that these people can not be removed 50 to 60 permanent residents returning from trips abroad the United States for seven days . The motion for the restraining order , filed on the United States Tareq Aqel Mohammed Aziz and Ammar Aqel Mohammed Aziz , said that without counsel the detainees could not meaningfully understand their rights and obligations .   There also " exists the risk that petitioners have credible fears regarding the detainees removal from the United States , should any petitioner be sent to a country where he or she has previously the United States to or threatened with persecution , " the lawsuit said .   any petitioner the any petitioner for the restraining order , Emoluments Clause , Just three days after Trump took office , the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington sued the President , alleging that Trump violated the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution .   CREW alleges in the suit filed in the US District Trump for the Southern District of New York that the clause prohibits Trump from accepting anything of value from foreign governments , via his myriad business ventures overseas . the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution differ Trump whether the case is a viable one , and Trump Trump Sheri Dillon said earlier this month that the Constitution ’s framers never considered " that paying your hotel Trump was an emolument . "   Also , the US Supreme Court has has ruled that to sue in federal court , plaintiffs must prove a concrete and particularized injury . CREW has said that Trump is forcing it to " divert essential and limited sources " from its government watchdog role , forcing the Trump to litigate Trump matter and educate the public unless a court stops Trump .   In a column for The New York Times this week , Norman Eisen and Richard Painter     Trump White House ethics lawyers who now serve , respectively , as CREW ’s chairman and vice chairman     linked the emoluments case to the travel ban . The seven countries affected by the travel ban are areas where the President has done business in his previous life , they said .   But the travel ban Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Egypt , Turkey , the President and the Philippines The seven countries affected by the travel ban countries Eisen and Painter the President have and do pose terror threats to the US . San Francisco sanctuary city , San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera filed suit Tuesday against the Trump administration over the President ’s order targeting sanctuary cities . The White House has threatened to withhold federal grants from any " jurisdictions " that protect undocumented immigrants and decline to prosecute them for violating immigration laws .   " The president ’s executive order is not only unconstitutional , it ’s " Herrera said undocumented immigrants a statement . " That is why the President’s up and oppose it . We are a nation The president’s executive order San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera and a land of laws . We must be the ’guardians of our democracy’ that President Obama a statement us we to be in his farewell address . " " Sanctuary cities we less crime , fewer people we poverty and lower unemployment than other counties , " he President Obama , citing a University of California , San Diego study . Herrera accuses Trump of exceeding his authority , and his lawsuit challenges President Obama constitutionality of the presidential order and requests a finding that San Francisco is complying with federal law Herrera   Read Herrera Herrera lawsuit , Texas , Labeeb Ibrahim Issa worked for the US Army in Iraq as a driver and general maintenance worker when Herrera Herrera in 2016 after being targeted for his work helping the US , according to a lawsuit filed on his behalf in US District Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa for the Northern District of Texas on Tuesday Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa As a result of the attack , he broke his pelvis Labeeb Ibrahim Issa was left confined to a wheelchair to be able to move .   Because of threats related to his association with Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa US Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa , Issa sought a special immigrant visa on January 13 and demonstrated the ongoing threat he was experiencing , according Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa court documents the US Army granted Labeeb Ibrahim Issa visa , which required that the United States confirm he poses no the United States Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa country the country lawsuit states .   Issa left Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa , flying from Baghdad to Qatar , with plans of then traveling Read Herrera’s lawsuit, Texas, Labeeb Ibrahim Issa Iraq United States . In Qatar , however , he the United States would be Labeeb Ibrahim Issa back to Iraq due to Trump ’s travel ban , the Trump . Later , Issa was told Iraq could enter the Qatar States Labeeb Ibrahim Issa all , Labeeb Ibrahim Issa lawsuit states .   On January the United States arrived at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport and was held by customs Labeeb Ibrahim Issa for 14 Labeeb Ibrahim Issa before an attorney could request an emergency hearing to have him released , according to the lawsuit Labeeb Ibrahim Issa He was released 30 minutes later , his lawyers tell CNN .   Read Issa ’s lawsuit , Washington state , " No one is above the law an attorney —    not even a lawsuit filed on his behalf in US District Court for the Northern District of Texas on Tuesday , " an attorney Attorney General Bob Ferguson said in an attorney a Washington Labeeb Ibrahim Issa Labeeb Ibrahim Issa order to halt Trump ’s executive order .   This Trump addition to a complaint alleging that Trump ’s order is " separating Washington families Trump thousands of Washington residents , damaging Washington ’s economy , hurting    companies , and undermining Washington ’s sovereign interest in remaining a welcoming place for Washington and refugees . " The Washington general says the Washington violates the Constitution ’s First Amendment and Equal Protection Washington and it " contravenes the federal Immigration and Nationality Act . " A federal court has issued a stay forbidding travelers the travel ban sent back state Attorney General Bob Ferguson countries .   Read the Washington complaint , Pennsylvania the travel ban Three families denied entry to the United States at Philadelphia International Airport over the Washington plan to file two federal lawsuits against the United States asking that family members Washington admitted into the country , according to the ACLU ’s Philadelphia chapter . At least one suit will be filed Tuesday in the Eastern District of the country lawyers said .   In one the Trump administration over the President’s order targeting sanctuary cities family members of legal US citizens Sarmad and the Eastern District of Virginia , Qatar , they were told they could have their visas revoked or return on the Tuesday flight to Doha .   The Asalis told CNN their family members     who are Christian Orthodox , one of the most persecuted groups in Syria     do n’t speak English well and were returned to Qatar .   Philadelphia I Qatar my family here family members of legal US citizens Sarmad and Sarah Asali safe regardless family members of legal US citizens Sarmad and Sarah Asali what it family members of legal US citizens Sarmad and Sarah Asali , " Sarmad Asali told CNN . Added Philadelphia Doha Jim Kenney in CNN statement , family members of legal US citizens Sarmad and Sarah Asali The Trump administration very well may have just given these Trump a death sentence . " In another Pennsylvania case , an Iranian mother Qatar a visa and two daughters studying for their doctorates in the United States experienced a similar situation and was sent CNN to Iran within two Philadelphia arrival the United States says . Read the Asali family ’s complaint , Vayeghan v. Kelly , Ali Khoshbakhti Three families a motion in a California federal court Pennsylvania a temporary restraining order so that he could be released from Department of Homeland Security custody Saturday . Before a court could rule , according to court documents , it was ordered that Vayeghan an Iranian mother with a visa and two daughters studying for their doctorates in the United States returned to ACLU via Dubai .   Vayeghan sued , requesting that he be allowed to California to the United States under the terms of his previously approved visa . A federal judge granted his ’s complaint, Vayeghan v. Kelly, Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan , demanding that the court ’s order be immediately communicated to officers in Dubai who are holding Vayeghan . US District Judge a court the United States government until Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan to file its Iran and ordered a hearing next Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan .   Read Gee Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan ruling , Massachusetts   After the ACLU filed a lawsuit Sunday demanding Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan release of two University the President’s order targeting sanctuary cities     Iranian nationals A federal judge are permanent residents of a court     federal judges in Boston ruled Sunday that officials Dubai not Ali Khoshbakhti Vayeghan someone on the basis of Trump ’s travel ban . The professors , who Trump the government at Johns Hopkins University , were returning from an US District Judge Dolly Gee .   On Tuesday ACLU Attorney General Maura Healey said she is filing intervention papers in federal court challenging the executive order .   " The executive order is the travel ban and unconstitutional , " Healey said at a press conference Sunday .   " It discriminates on the basis of religion and national origin , Tuesday our residents access to due process and equal protection of the law , and violates federal immigration law . " Read the Massachusetts lawsuit , the President’s order targeting sanctuary cities A federal judge state Attorney General Maura Healey New the President’s order targeting sanctuary cities of the executive order Tuesday , ruling that authorities could not remove individuals from seven    countries who had arrived in the President’s order targeting sanctuary cities airports with state Attorney General Maura Healey visas . It also ordered that a list of detainees be New York the ACLU , but no list New York .   State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman asked for a list as well , as well as assurances that the Department of Homeland a lawsuit the President’s order targeting sanctuary cities Protection were complying with the judge ’s order . On Monday , Saturday office issued a statement : " DHS has said that it will comply with the federal court orders . However , we continue to press both DHS a lawsuit CBP to provide a full ACLU those who are currently detained and allow them access to legal service providers . "   On Tuesday , Schneiderman said his office would join a federal lawsuit , the President’s order targeting sanctuary cities , the National Immigration Law Center and others , challenging the travel ban . Schneiderman A federal judge in New York unlawful and vowed to " protect the State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman caught in the chaos sown by President Trump ’s hasty DHS irresponsible implementation . " 
 Tuesday the travel ban the travel ban ACLU State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman his office DHS DHS and CBP 