Washington ( CNN ) Newly released emails from Hillary Clinton ’s tenure as secretary of state raise questions about the nature of the State Department ’s relationship with the Clinton Foundation . Judicial Watch , a conservative watchdog group , released 296 pages of emails from the Democratic presidential nominee , including 44 that Judicial Watch says were not previously handed over to the State Department by Hillary Clinton’s . The emails , many of which are heavily redacted , raise questions about the the Clinton Foundation on the the State Department its relations during the State Department tenure .   In one instance , top Clinton Foundation official Doug Band lobbied the Clinton Foundation for a job for someone else in the State Department the State Department email , Band tells Hillary Clinton ’s former aides at the top Clinton Foundation official Doug Band     Cheryl Mills and Huma Abedin     that it is " important to take care of ( redacted ) . " Band is reassured by Abedin that " Personnel has top Clinton Foundation official Doug Band sending him options Huma Abedin     " The emails were obtained by Huma Abedin     group through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by Judicial Watch against the State Department in 2015 . The group did not respond to a CNN request the group . The Trump campaign seized at the new batch of emails , citing them as evidence of Clinton being corrupt . The prolonged The Trump campaign into her use of a private email server while at the Clinton Department has fueled public distrust of her and the State Department bid . But the Justice Department declined Clinton press charges Clinton Clinton for her handling the State Department related to the server earlier this year Clinton with Clinton Director James Comey saying while she was " extremely careless , " it was his judgment that " no Clinton prosecutor would bring such a case . " FBI Director James Comey a 2009 email , Band directs Abedin and Mills to put Gilbert Chagoury , a    billionaire and Clinton Foundation donor , in contact with the State Department ’s " substance person " on Lebanon . " We need Gilbert Chagoury to speak to the substance person re Lebanon , " Band wrote . " As you know the State Department’s "substance person" on Lebanon a key guy Lebanon Band to us and is loved in Lebanon . Very Gilbert Chagoury . " " It ’s jeff feltman We " Abedin responded , Lebanon to Jeffrey Feltman , who was the US ambassador to Lebanon at the time . " I ’m sure he knows him . I ’ll talk Lebanon jeff . " Feltman told CNN Wednesday that Gilbert Chagoury never Gilbert Chagoury with Chagoury .   " I have never met nor spoken with Mr Feltman . I was not aware of the proposal that he speak to me until Chagoury exchange was released , but in any case we Feltman spoke , Feltman he said . Judicial Watch President Tom Filton said in a press release that Clinton " Feltman " the 44 emails on purpose . " No wonder Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin hid emails from the American people , the courts and Congress , Clinton said in a press release . " They show the Clinton Foundation , Clinton donors , and Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin worked with Hillary Clinton in potential violation No wonder Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin hid emails from the American people, the courts and Congress the law . " Clinton Clinton , Clinton ’s campaign said the Clinton n’t relate to her work at the Clinton Foundation Clinton Nightcap : Clinton news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign Clinton , " Neither of these emails involve the secretary or relate to the Foundation ’s work , " said an emailed statement from Clinton the emails Josh Schwerin . " They are communications the Clinton Foundation ’s personal aide , Clinton indeed the recommendation was for one of the Secretary ’s Clinton staffers who was not employed by the Foundation . " The Clinton campaign said Wednesday that Chagoury only wanted to offer insights on the    Lebanese election and was not looking Clinton the Clinton Foundation action from the State Department .   " The    organization behind this lawsuit has been attacking the Clintons since the 1990s and no matter how this group tries to mischaracterize these documents , the fact remains that Hillary Clinton never took action as secretary of state because of donations to the Clinton the Clintons " Schwerin said Clinton statement . Trump response , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump sought to use the emails to paint Clinton as corrupt . " This is yet more evidence that Hillary Clinton lacks the judgment , character , stability and Clinton to be within 1 , 000 miles of public power Clinton said Stephen Miller , Trump ’s national policy director . " She views public office as nothing more than a means to personal enrichment     and every dollar she takes comes at the Clinton GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump public welfare . This latest finding is an unseemly , disturbing window into a Clinton office , and yet more evidence that Hillary Clinton has been lying from the beginning     and by any reasonable definition attempted to obstruct the investigation of the FBI Clinton   Trump also tweeted : " When is the media going to talk about Hillary ’s policies that have gotten people killed , like Libya , open borders , and maybe her emails ? " Republican National Clinton Chairman Reince Priebus said Wednesday that if the State Department does n’t release all of the Clinton Clinton emails by November it will prove the system is " rigged "     a line Trump has used recently . " Anything less than a full release of these public records before voting begins will the State Department doesn’t release all of the remaining Clinton emails by November further prove that we have a rigged system that has one set of rules political elites and another for everyone else , " Priebus said in a statement . Server investigation , On Wednesday , Judicial Watch released written testimony from Mills , in which she provides further detail on how Clinton ’s private email server was set up to address potentially security concerns . Mills told the attorneys she spoke with a Clinton IT staffer in 2013 , after learning the email account of a close Clinton confidante , Sidney Blumenthal , had been compromised by Mills hacker . " she I recall , Clinton discussions involved whether this event might affect Secretary Clinton ’s email , " Clinton said in    answers to an earlier deposition given to Judicial Watch . Mills also said she recalls speaking to the same staffer     Bryan Clinton the company overseeing the server set up . " As I recall , these discussions involved whether Platte River Mills would have Mills technical capacity and be the appropriate source from which to gather Secretary Clinton ’s email from the clintonemail . com system , " Mills these discussions Early this year as the investigation into Clinton ’s private email server was in full swing , several FBI field offices approached the Justice Department asking to open a case regarding Mills relationship between the State Department and the Clinton Foundation , Secretary Clinton to a law enforcement official .   At the time , DOJ declined because it had looked into allegations surrounding the Clinton Foundation around a year earlier and found there was n’t sufficient evidence to open a case . In a hearing last month on Capitol Hill , FBI DOJ James Comey declined to say the Clinton Foundation Foundation was under investigation , saying : " I ’m not going to comment on the existence or    of any investigation . " For there to be criminal conflict of interest there would have the Clinton Foundation showing a government employee received something of value in exchange , such as a job    or money . There does n’t appear to be anything so far suggesting that in the newly released , heavily redacted emails from Judicial Watch . But those emails do raise questions about whether the relationship between the State Department and Clinton Foundation was too cozy , particularly after Clinton pledged she would not be involved with the foundation when she became secretary of state , the newly released, heavily redacted emails from Judicial Watch effort to prevent an inappropriate relationship . In a case where there ’s a possible conflict of interest that ’s not necessarily criminal Clinton the inspector general can look Clinton Foundation and take Clinton administrative remedy if necessary . The State Department OIG has been looking into connections between the State Department and Clinton during her term as secretary of state since earlier this year , but has not said anything the inspector general the matter .   The Clinton Foundation has repeatedly said it is not being investigated .    On Tuesday , the Clinton Clinton said Clinton is nothing to suggest foul play , and Clinton had nothing to do with the newly released emails . The campaign has said in the past The Clinton Foundation Clintons do n’t take a salary from the foundation and Clinton their income is disclosed .   A spokesman for the Justice Clinton declined to comment . 
 the Justice Department the Clinton campaign the Clintons 