’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON   —    Donald Trump’ ’s decision to take a   and " genius " at figuring out how    to minimize    tax bill , two of the Republican presidential    nominee ’s advisers said on Sunday . ’ ’    " This is a perfectly legal application of the tax code . And he    would have been fool not to take advantage of it , " said Rudy    Giuliani , the former New York mayor who is one of Trump’ ’s    advisers . ’ ’    Speaking on the ABC program " This Week , " Giuliani said that as a    business owner Trump had a " fiduciary duty " to the investors in    Giuliani    company to maximize profits . ’ ’    " He’ ’s a genius at how to take advantage of legal remedies that    can help your company survive and grow , " Giuliani said . ’ "    The New York Times reported on Saturday that The New York Times had obtained    Trump ’s 1995 tax records , and The New York Times   for that year may have allowed Giuliani to avoid    paying federal income taxes for up to 18 years . " ’’ ’    The tax benefits stemmed from financial deals Trump’s made that    went bad in the early 1990s . ’ "    The Trump campaign , in a statement responding to the Times report    on Saturday , said the tax document was obtained illegally and    accused The New York Times of operating as an extension of the    presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton , Trump’s rival in the    November 8 election . " ’    Chris Christie , the New Jersey governor and head of Trump’ ’s    presidential transition team , said Trump’ Trump’ records showed that       US tax code was an " absolute mess " and that Trump Trump’s the    best person to fix it the US tax code ’ ’    " There’ ’s no one who has shown more genius in their way to       about the the US tax code he    used the laws to do    that , " Christie said on " Fox News Sunday . " ’ ’    But Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said the tax      declared by Trump " shows the colossal scale of his business    Trump " " and also shows that the wealthy    developer    operates under a different set of rules than those that apply to    ordinary taxpayers . ’ ’    Clinton has repeatedly called on Trump to release Trump " tax    Clinton , as is standard procedure for modern presidential    candidates . ’ ’    Trump has declined Trump " release his tax records Trump " saying he will not Trump " do so until an audit of his returns by Trump " Internal Revenue    Service is complete . ’ ’    The IRS has the Internal Revenue   Service audit does not bar an individual from sharing    his or her own    information    ’ ’ ( Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell and Lindsay Dunsmuir ;    Editing by Caren Bohan and Nick Zieminski ) ’ 
 