’   ’ ’    The pressure is growing on Hillary Clinton to hold a press    conference . ’ ’    In the past two weeks , the Democratic presidential nominee has    faced increased scrutiny from critics to take questions at a news    conference   —    something the Democratic presidential nominee has n’t done in 273 days . ’ ’    " It ’s quite Nixonian , " Nomiki Konst , a Democratic strategist and    host of " The Filter Radio " on Sirius XM , told Business Insider .    " Every candidate wants to control their message    …      but I think it    is incredibly uncommon that a candidate who is running for    president has not had a press conference in more than 270 days . " ’ ’    " The public has a right to know where she stands on issues , "    added K " Reporters ca n’t rely on tweets and press    releases and FOIA [ Freedom of Information Act ] requests to figure    out who a candidate is . " ’ ’    The radio host is n’t alone in The radio host opinion on the matter , which    has been seized on by Republican nominee Donald Trump in recent    weeks . ’ ’    New York Times columnist Jim Rutenberg criticized Clinton for New York Times columnist Jim Rutenberg aversion toward the press in a   on Sunday , and CNN senior media    correspondent Brian Stelter has not been shy when offering his correspondent Brian Stelter . ’ ’    " She New York Times columnist Jim Rutenberg acting in some ways as if she New York Times columnist Jim Rutenberg already president , "    Stelter correspondent Brian Stelter correspondent Brian Stelter . " By not acknowledging    the importance of a press conference , the uniqueness of a press    conference   —    it makes me wonder how accessible she New York Times columnist Jim Rutenberg be in the    White House as president . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Clinton and her New York Times columnist Jim Rutenberg have pushed back against calls for her New York Times columnist Jim Rutenberg to take part in a news conference . ’ ’    " Stay tuned . There will be a lot of different opportunities for    me to talk to the press , " the Democratic candidate recently told    CNN host Anderson Cooper when asked about the issue . ’ ’    The campaign , which did not return requests for comment for this    story , frequently cites a figure that asserts Clinton has    granted more    350 interviews this year . ’ ’    Moreover , Clinton has found Clinton ways to    engage with voters . Her campaign recently Clinton a podcast and    has a    on nearly every    platform .    ’    Holly Shulman , a former spokeswoman for the Democratic National    Committee , told Business Insider that technology has changed    the way candidates run for office and suggested there was    less of a need to lean on the press to disseminate    a message . ’ "    " Campaigns have changed , " she said , noting that candidates can    now reach voters directly through social media . " [ T]his type of    direct engagement has a much bigger impact on voters’ decisions . " " "    Michael Trujillo , former senior adviser to Ready for Hillary , a    super PAC created with the purpose of drafting Clinton ’s    candidacy , echoed much of that sentiment . He characterized a Michael Trujillo, former senior adviser to Ready for Hillary, a   super PAC created with the purpose of drafting Clinton press conference as an " archaic device " and said Clinton is    Clinton using    mediums to get her message out Clinton " ’    " Every four years presidential campaigns evolve , " he told    Michael Trujillo, former senior adviser to Ready for Hillary, a   super PAC created with the purpose of drafting Clinton Insider . " And they start getting presidential campaigns message to presidential campaigns    public ways in different ways . " ’ ’    Trujillo suggested reporters Michael Trujillo, former senior adviser to Ready for Hillary, a   super PAC created with the purpose of drafting Clinton evolve on how they interact " with    the campaign instead of " being married " to " a tradition that has    no bearing to how campaigns are effectively run nowadays . " ’ ’   ’ ’    But Trump has continued to spotlight Clinton ’s refusal to    take questions    the media in an open setting . ’ ’    In recent weeks , the New York businessman ’s campaign has sent out    an email each morning reminding reporters exactly how many days    it has been    " hiding Hillary " last held a press    conference . ’ ’    The Republican National Committee has doubled down on such calls    and released    statement Friday also noting how many days had    passed since    " faced members of the media in an    environment not carefully controlled by her campaign .    ’ ’    " Clinton owes the Clinton people explanations on a number of    issues ,    the statement said . ’ ’    And it ’s not just partisan groups applying such pressure onto    Clinton . ’ Clinton    Alex Howard , a senior analyst at the Sunshine Foundation , a    nonpartisan and nonprofit organization that promotes transparency    in government , told Business Insider in a statement that simply    granting     interviews with journalists is not enough . ’ ’    " Regular press conferences are an essential part of the    accountability we expect of the president of the United States    and the presidential candidates who aspire to the highest office    in the country , the United States said . ’ "    He added : " Howard down for hundreds of interviews , including      interviews with national reporters on the campaign    trail , can and does inform voters about a candidate ’s views , but    it is not a replacement . " " "    It ’s unclear    it a press conference is on the horizon ,    but Brian Fallon    the campaign ’s top the campaign    seemed    to acknowledge the importance    one on Friday . He   that if elected Brian Fallon " Hillary    Clinton will hold press conferences . " " ’    " But the frequency of them is something that would just play out    as time went on    " he said . ’ 
 Brian Fallon 