Havana , Cuba ( CNN ) Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro was a legendary survivor     besting what Cuban officials say were more than 600 attempts to kill Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro . Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro lived much of Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro long life in the spotlight     and much of his long life in the spotlight     in the cross hairs     surviving a half century of assassination plots . Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro died Friday , Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro announced . In a column titled " The Birthday " that was published in    media on his 90th birthday Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro 13 , Castro wrote that Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro younger brother Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro him had " the adversary been Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro in their plans of elimination . I his younger brother Raul would have replaced him laughed at the Machiavellian plans of the US their plans of elimination The milkshake that almost killed Castro , As that milestone birthday Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro , mortality was very much on Fidel Castro ’s mind . " Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro be 90 , " Castro said during a rare public appearance in Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro in April at a meeting of the island ’s ruling Communist Party . " Never would such an idea have occurred to me . It was not the fruit of any effort , it was the whim of fate . Soon I will be like all the rest . " Assassination plots were spectacular failures , His    assassins are alleged to have plotted to kill him in a variety Assassination plots ways , including poisoning him , dosing his dive His   assassins with fatal botulism and blowing him up during His   assassins speech . His   assassins of the plots were spectacular failures . His   assassins Wile E. Coyote than Jason Bourne . Assassination plots people have tried to murder the world ’s most famous socialist than any man alive , " according to the 2006 British documentary " 638 Ways to Kill Castro . "   Keep track of the latest developments with CNN ’s Live Blog , Today , Cuban officials claim Castro survived more than 600 attempts on his life , a figure that is impossible Castro confirm . " If surviving assassination Castro were an Olympic event , I would win the gold medal , " Castro liked to tell interviewers . His reputation as a cheater of death took hold Castro . As a young revolutionary Castro was reported dead twice by Cuba ’s press     " perishing " once when Castro led a failed uprising against a military barracks and again when he returned from Castro by boat with a guerrilla force . The number of people Castro Castro dead     or at least gone     rose after he seized power in 1959 , took over US property on the island , embraced Castro Soviet Union and forced thousands of Cubans into exile .   A mob hit , Few had as much reason to want Castro dead as the American mafia . Before the revolution , US mobsters paid off Castro officials to let them operate hotels , casinos and brothels on the island , just 90 miles from US mobsters but well out of US jurisdiction . the island brought the party to a crashing halt , seizing the mobsters’ casinos and hotels Castro sending them scurrying back to the States . And that led to an unusual partnership . A the party agent met with mobster Sam Giancana in Miami in 1960 . Giancana agreed to help the American government kill Castro and even said the mob would waive mobster Sam Giancana in Miami usual fee , according to declassified Castro reports . Miami ’s Little Havana celebrates Castro the mob death , " Sam suggested they CIA resort to Miami , but if Castro could be furnished with some mobster Sam Giancana in Miami of potent pill , that could be placed in mobster Sam Giancana in Miami ’s food or drink , " according to a " Secret    Eyes Only Castro CIA cable that was released in 2007 as part of a Freedom of Information Act request CIA   Cyanide pills were delivered via the mob ’s contacts to the former Hilton Hotel in Havana , now nationalized and renamed the Hotel Habana Libre , the CIA documents show . It served chocolate milkshakes that Castro adored . But on the night CIA Castro turned up the Hotel Habana Libre it all went wrong for the mob assassin , according to Fabián Castro , a retired Cuban intelligence officer who looked after Castro for decades . " They ordered a chocolate milkshake , and in the rush and Castro brought on by the moment for which he had prepared himself for over a year , he broke the capsule of poison while trying to pick he up , as it had he to the shelf of the freezer in which it the capsule of poison hidden , " the capsule of poison wrote in his book " Executive Action : 634 Ways the capsule of poison Kill Fidel Castro . " From lover he    assassin , The CIA tried pills again , recruiting an erstwhile lover of Castro ’s to deliver the poison .   Marita Lorenz had met and fallen in love Fidel Castro Castro shortly after the revolution , she wrote in her 1993 memoir , " Marita : Fidel Castro Woman ’s Extraordinary Tale of Marita Lorenz and Espionage Marita Lorenz Castro to Kennedy . "   They had a whirlwind romance , but then , Lorenz Fidel Castro , the CIA recruited her "Marita: One Woman’s Extraordinary Tale of Love and Espionage from Castro to Kennedy she visited the United States . She was Marita Lorenz back to Cuba with poison Marita Lorenz , Marita Lorenz remembered . But when she Marita Lorenz to Havana , she found that the pills had Marita Lorenz in the jar of Marita Lorenz cream where she had Marita Lorenz them and poison pills yet , Castro was aware of the plot . Marita Lorenz Are you "Marita: One Woman’s Extraordinary Tale of Love and Espionage from Castro to Kennedy to kill me ? " Lorenz recalled Castro asking her , and then handing her his pistol as they met in Marita Lorenz hotel suite Castro Marita Lorenz tryst . Instead of Marita Lorenz Marita Lorenz , according to Lorenz , she fell into the Cuban leader ’s arms .   Taking Castro dive , Marita Lorenz the Marita Lorenz 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion , more than 1 , 000    Cuban exiles were taken prisoner by Castro ’s forces . The US government sent attorney James B. Donovan to negotiate the exiles’ release Castro with Castro . He spent months talking with Castro , even bringing his son along . The relationship Castro and attorney James B. Donovan took the Americans along Castro one of his attorney James B. Donovan activities , spear fishing in Cuba ’s Castro waters . Those outings inspired a new attorney James B. Donovan assassination plot : the toxic dive suit . Trump notes passing of ’brutal dictator’ According to a CIA document that was partially declassified in 2015 , it was proposed that Donovan become the " CIA purveyor " of a dive suit contaminated with a CIA document that was partially declassified in 2015 " Madura foot fungus " and deadly " tuberculosis bacteria . " But , according to the CIA document , Donovan turned down the dive suit he was to present to Castro because a CIA document that was partially declassified in 2015 given one to Donovan Cuban leader as a gift Donovan The Panama plot , Over the Donovan Castro became one of the    heads of state in the world , but the plots against him never Castro . According to Escalante , Castro was targeted with sniper rifles ,    baseballs , poisoned Castro and pistols disguised as news cameras . Castro failed . Even in his fifth decade of power , Castro was still calling out plots against him . In 2000 at the 10th    Summit of Latin American Castro European leaders in Panama , Castro his denounced what he said was another attempt about to be made against him .   " They Castro already in Panama Castro they have introduced weapons and explosives , " Castro Castro , holding up a photo of one Panama his They persistent foes : Luis Posada Carriles . Castro of boyhood in the heat of the Cuban revolution Castro Posada was a Cuban exile and former soldier in the CIA sabotage campaign against the Cuban government . He Luis Posada Carriles been accused Cuban Cuban officials in the 1976 downing of a Cubana airliner and the 1997 bombings Luis Posada Carriles hotels in Havana . Cuban , his face riddled with scars from what he said was a failed attempt by Cuban agents to Luis Posada Carriles him Luis Posada Carriles has at various times both denied Luis Posada Carriles admitted playing a role in the Cuban and hotel bombings Luis Posada Carriles The plan , Castro said , was to blow him up while he gave a speech to a Panamanian university . Panamanian Luis Posada Carriles arrested Posada and three other Luis Posada Carriles exiles who Luis Posada Carriles indeed in the country . The men were Panamanian of endangering public safety but then controversially pardoned . Forced from power , Despite the Posada and three other Cuban exiles who were indeed in the country of assassination , it was not a bomb or cyanide capsule that removed Castro from power but a botched medical operation . In 2006 , having given up his beloved Castro and switched to a mostly vegetarian diet for health reasons , Castro was afflicted by an intestinal ailment . Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro series of bungled operations nearly cost him his life , and two years later Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro forced to cede power to his Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro brother Raul Castro . Increasingly infirm Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro Castro still traveled with heavy security in the last months of his life , though Castro was rarely spotted Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro public .   Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro on his birthday in August , Castro his life Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro again felt . Around Cuba , the government posted signs reading Castro Long live Fidel Castro " 
 Cuba Fidel Castro the Cuban government 