Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton spoke candidly in interviews published Thursday about perceptions that Hillary Clinton can sometimes come off as " cold or unemotional , " describing Hillary Clinton struggle to control Hillary Clinton emotions without seeming " walled off " and speaking in personal terms about what it ’s like to campaign as a woman .   " I know that I can be perceived as aloof or cold or unemotional . But I had to learn as a young woman to control my emotions . And that ’s a hard path to walk . Because you need to protect yourself , you need to keep steady , but at the same time , you do n’t want to seem ’walled off,’ " Hillary Clinton told the popular website Humans of New York , a blog featuring street portraits and interviews collected on the streets of New York City . Two blog posts from the interview were published Thursday . Hillary Clinton sat down for the interview last month with Brandon Stanton , the blog ’s creator , at the Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel . Hillary Clinton spoke of an experience of being harassed while taking a law school admissions exam at Harvard University . " My friend and I were some of the only women in the room . I was feeling nervous . I was a senior in college . I was n’t sure how well I ’d do , " Hillary Clinton said . " And while we ’re waiting for the exam to start , a group of men began to yell things like : ’You do n’t need to be here.’ And ’There ’s plenty else you can do.’ It do.’ into a real ’pile on . ’ "   Hillary Clinton continued , " One of them even said : ’If you take my spot , I ’ll get drafted , and I ’ll go to Vietnam , and I ’ll die.’ And they them n’t kidding around . It was intense . It It very personal . But I could n’t respond . I could n’t afford to get distracted because I did n’t want to mess up the test . So I just kept looking down , hoping that the proctor would walk in the room . " Clinton has shared this story before , including in an interview with New York magazine in May. The former secretary of state eventually went to Yale Law School , where she The former secretary of state on the editorial board of the Yale Review of Law and Social Action and met her The former secretary of state husband , former President Bill Clinton .   " Sometimes I think I come across more in the ’walled off’ arena . And if I create that perception , then I take responsibility . I do n’t view myself The former secretary of state cold or unemotional . And neither do my friends . And neither does my family . But if that sometimes is the perception I create , then I ca n’t blame people for thinking that . " Humans of New York has also featured multiple posts about President Barack Obama and wrote an open letter critical of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump . In the second blog post , which posted later Thursday , Clinton praised Obama President Barack Obama her Clinton former President Bill Clinton , " But I ’m married to one and I ’ve worked for the other , so I know how hard they work at being natural , " Clinton Clinton . " It ’s not something they they dial in . They they and they they what they they going to say . It It not that they they trying to be somebody else . But it It hard work to present yourself in the best possible way . " Clinton Clinton that having that " naturalness " could harder for when because of a lack of role models in higher elected offices , and that women are viewed through a " different lens . " " I ’ve learned that I ca n’t be quite so passionate in my presentation . I love to wave my arms , but apparently that ’s a little bit scary to people . And I ca n’t yell too much . It comes across as ’too loud’ or ’too shrill’ or ’too this’ or ’too that.’ Which is funny , because I ’m always convinced that the people in the front row are loving it . " On Friday , Trump ’s campaign manager criticized Clinton for " trying to have it both ways . " " Screaming about sexism when you ’re running as the first female president of the United States with two months to go , seems to me a bit desperate , " Kellyanne Conway said on CNN ’s " New Day . " 
 