Washington ( CNN ) Khizr Khan , the father of a Muslim US soldier slain in Iraq in 2004 , said Sunday that Donald Trump has a " black soul , " indicating Donald Trump lacks empathy and compassion .   Khan told CNN ’s Jim Acosta on " State of the Union " that Jim Acosta hopes Trump ’s family will " teach Jim Acosta some empathy . " " Donald Trump is a black soul , and this is totally unfit for the leadership of this country , " Khan said . " The love and affection that we have received affirms that we grief     that we experience in this country has been correct and positive . The world is receiving us we we we never seen . They The world seen the blackness of this character , of this soul . " Khan moved into the national spotlight after he Khan out a pocket copy of the Constitution during his Khan at the Democratic National Convention . He Khan Trump would have barred his Khan family from entering the United States . Khan Khan Sunday Trump " policy , his Khan , do not reflect that he Khan any understanding of the basic , fundamental constitutional principles of this country . " 10 takeaways from the DNC , " He Khan about excluding people , disrespecting judges , the entire judicial system , immigrants , Muslim immigrants . These are divisive rhetoric that are totally against the basic constitutional principles , " he Khan .   He Khan said Trump lacks key traits that presidents need . " Two things are absolutely necessary in any leader or any person who aspires , wishes , to be a leader . That is moral compass and second is empathy , " Khan said .   Khan called Khan House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to withdraw their support House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Trump .   " It is a moral obligation     history will not forgive them , House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell he said Khan called on House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to withdraw their support for Trump.   " This election will pass , but history will be written . The lack of moral courage with remain a burden on their souls . " He said Khan called on House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to withdraw their support for Trump.   GOP leaders have a " moral , ethical obligation to not worry about the votes but repudiate him withdraw Khan called on House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to withdraw their support for Trump.   support . If they do those GOP leaders , I will continue to speak . " Both McConnell and Ryan issued statements Sunday afternoon praising Khan ’s son and reasserting their opposition Both McConnell and Ryan Trump ’s proposed temporary ban on Muslim immigration , but neither mentioned Trump . Trump Captain Khan Khan American hero , and like all Americans I ’m grateful for the sacrifices that selfless young men like Capt . Khan and their Khan have made in the war on terror , " McConnell said . " All Americans should value the patriotic service of the patriots who volunteer to selflessly defend us in the armed services . And as I have long made clear , I agree with the Khans and families across the country that a travel ban on all members of a religion is simply contrary to American values . " Ryan said : " America ’s greatness is built on the principles of liberty and preserved by the men and women who wear the uniform to defend it . As the uniform have said on numerous occasions , a religious test for entering our country is the country of these fundamental values . I reject it . Many Muslim a religious test for entering our country have served valiantly in our military , and Many Muslim Americans the ultimate sacrifice . Captain Khan was one such brave example . His sacrifice     and Captain Khan of Khizr and Ghazala Khan     always be honored . Period . " Trump to Khizr Khan : ’I’ve Captain Khan lot of sacrifices’ The weekend     drew a sharper response from Jeb Bush , one of Trump ’s vanquished GOP primary Trump to Khizr Khan: ’I’ve .   " This is so incredibly disrespectful of a family that endured the ultimate sacrifice for our country , " the former Florida governor tweeted Sunday night .   Former President George W. Bush ’s office , in a statement from a spokesman , echoed some of the Republican congressional leaders’ views . " President Bush is n’t commenting Former President George W. Bush’s presidential election . President Bush remains deeply grateful for Former President George W. Bush’s of all Gold Star families , as we all should be . He thinks about them and prays for Former President George W. Bush’s each and the sacrifice of all Gold Star families day . " the sacrifice of all Gold Star families pushed back on Trump ’s suggestion Former President George W. Bush’s his wife , who was also on Former President George W. Bush’s at the DNC , was not allowed to speak . He said she has high blood pressure Former President George W. Bush’s did Former President George W. Bush’s want to speak for fear she would n’t be able to hold Former President George W. Bush’s together discussing her Gold Star son Former President George W. Bush’s stage . Former President George W. Bush’s For this candidate for presidency to not be aware of the respect of a Gold Star mother standing there , and Gold Star to take that shot at Former President George W. Bush’s , this is height of ignorance Former President George W. Bush’s " Khan said . " This is why Former President George W. Bush’s showed him ( the ) Constitution . Had Former President George W. Bush’s read that , he would know Former President George W. Bush’s status a Gold Former President George W. Bush’s mother holds in this nation . "   Trump had first suggested Khan ’s wife was not allowed to Former President George W. Bush’s an interview with The New York Times’ Maureen Dowd , saying : " I ’d like to hear his wife say something . " Then , Former President George W. Bush’s Khan’s wife , " If you look Former President George W. Bush’s his wife , she was standing there , Former President George W. Bush’s had Khan’s wife say , Khan’s wife probably     maybe she Khan’s wife n’t allowed to have anything Khan’s wife say , you Khan’s wife me . " Khizr Khan ’s wife , Ghazala Khan , responded to Trump in a Washington Post    Sunday .   " Walking onto the convention stage , with a huge picture of my son behind me , I could hardly control myself . What mother could ? Donald Trump has children whom me loves . Does he really need to wonder why I Donald Trump not speak ? Donald Trump she wrote .   " Donald Trump said that maybe I What mother n’t allowed to say Donald Trump That is not true , " Ghazala Khan wrote . " My husband asked me if I wanted to speak , but I told him I could not . My religion teaches me that all human My husband are equal in God ’s eyes . Husband and wife are part of each other you should love and respect each other so you can take care of the family . " Khizr Khan had also said in an interview with The Washington Post Ghazala Khan ’s attack on his wife was " typical of a person without a soul . " Trump ready : The election in 100 days away , " Emotionally and physically     she just could n’t even stand there , and when we left , his wife soon as we got off camera , she just broke down , " Khan told we Post . " And his wife people inside , the staff Ghazala Khan were The Washington Post , consoling her . She was just totally emotionally spent . Only those his wife that have his wife their his wife or daughter could imagine the pain that such a memory causes . " Trump , in a statement released Saturday by his campaign , called Capt . Khan " a hero to our country and Trump should honor all who Ghazala Khan made the ultimate sacrifice to keep our country safe . " But after Khan ’s Sunday CNN interview , Trump our country " I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Trump . Am I not allowed to respond ? Hillary Khan the Iraq war , not me ! " Earlier Sunday , he also tweeted : " Captain Khan , killed 12 years ago , was Trump hero , but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our " leaders " to eradicate it ! " Trump also pushed back on Khan ’s    suggestion that he has " sacrificed nothing and no one " in an interview with with ABC News’ Trump Stephanopoulos aired Sunday on " This Week . " " I think I ’ve made a lot of sacrifices . I work very , very hard , " Trump said . " I ’ve created thousands and thousands of jobs , tens of thousands Trump jobs , built great structures . I ’ve had tremendous success . I think I ’ve done a lot . "   And on Sunday night Trump ’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , issued a statement praising Humayun Khan Trump explaining Trump ’s policies . " Donald Trump and I believe that Captain Humayun Khan is an Trump and his family , Trump Gold Star families , should Humayun Khan every American , " Pence said . Humayun Khan Captain Khan gave his life to defend our country in the global war on terror . Due to the disastrous Humayun Khan Barack Obama Humayun Khan Hillary Clinton , a once stable Middle East has now been overrun by ISIS . This must not stand , " Pence added . " By suspending immigration from countries that have been compromised by terrorism , rebuilding our military , defeating Pence at its source and projecting strength on the global stage , we will reduce the likelihood that other American families ISIS face ISIS enduring heartbreak of the Khan family . " " Donald Trump will support our military and their families and we will defeat the enemies of our freedom Trump Hillary Clinton also weighed in on we ’s Khan comments on Sunday we remarks to parishioners Hillary Imani we Ministries in Sunday , Ohio . Trump the ultimate sacrifice in his the ultimate sacrifice n’t he ? Khan what has he heard Khan Donald Trump ? Nothing but insults , degrading comments about Muslims , a total misunderstanding Donald Trump his family country great religions freedom , religious liberty , " she said . Clinton added : " I do our country anyone of any other faith or of no faith at all . But I Hillary tremble before those who would scapegoat other Americans , who would insult people because of their religion , their ethnicity , their disability , that is just not how I was raised , that is not how I was taught in my church . " 
 people people people 