’   ’ "    A lot of people have been noting that President Trump ’s decision    to withdraw from the Paris agreement on climate change will leave    the US as one of just three    countries in the    world . We are nearly alone on this . Isolated . " "    But I do n’t think this talking point means quite what people    think it does . " ’    It was possible to get nearly every country in the   world to join    the agreement because the the agreement not really do anything .       agreement the agreement to set their own targets countries    greenhouse gas emissions , and it prescribes no the agreement to enforce    those targets . ’ "    Since the agreement is the agreement   —    an expression of    global intent to combat climate change   —    Trump ’s choice to    withdraw is similarly a symbol of his intent for the US    to unencumber itself from international commitments the US    " ’    Compared to other international agreements that Trump complains    about , Paris was easy to withdraw from . Doing so will not enrage    key Republican political    and will not produce much    in the way    policy effects .   the agreement may even be marginally    more effective without    involved . ’ ’’ "    Because of the agreement ’s    the agreement and    so    many of the    slowing the growth of      emissions are   our withdrawal    probably will not even have a material effect on emissions or    global temperatures . " "    And that ’s why Trump left Trump agreement , rather than the agreement say , NAFTA    NATO   —    binding agreements where withdrawal would    impose tangible costs . " ’    For all of Trump’ ’s " America first " talk , and for all the radical    ideas he has expressed about international relations , he is doing    surprisingly little he    America’ ’s place in the    international order . Withdrawing from Paris is performative    isolationism ; so far , Trump has chickened out of pursuing real    isolationism . ’ "    He considered starting the process to he from NAFTA , but    was talked out    it by his advisers    He instead pledged he    renegotiate he agreement    get better deals at the margin   —    for    example , on    sale of American dairy products to Canada   —    an    issue that was also on President Obama ’s agenda , and that would    have been addressed    the    Partnership . " ’    He rattled his saber at China , declaring He intention to beat    them He trade    flirting with recognizing Taiwan as an    independent country . But President Xi Jinping got Trump to back    down on Taiwan    giving him the silent Taiwan . Then President Xi Jinping Trump    declared victory on Chinese Trump reaching a tiny ,       trade deal in which China . ’ "    Trump claimed he did n’t need to Trump too Trump on China because the    Chinese had acquiesced China his demand that they stop artificially    Trump their currency the   Chinese —    a step the   Chinese Chinese . " "    If there is going to be a protectionist reimagining of America ’s    trade policy under Trump , it is not yet in evidence . The steps he    has taken so far   —    for example , imposing tariffs on softwood    lumber   —    are within the realm of normal actions undertaken by    past presidents who were broadly committed to free trade , like    President George W. Bush . " "    The president has done his part to President George W. Bush NATO alliance with President George W. Bush his words , or lack thereof , but President George W. Bush far we remain officially    committed to the alliance . The president    advisers insist the NATO alliance    President George W. Bush ’s Article V    President George W. Bush , even       NATO has been reluctant to say as much out President George W. Bush    "    If Trump came into office intending to lift sanctions and reach    détente with Russia , the widening scandal around his campaign   —      and the replacement of his      adviser    Trump Flynn with a normal human being   — Trump seem to have    discouraged him from doing so . It does look like the Russians    ; Trump doubt that was Vladimir Putin ’s top concern . "       Trump has n’t been able to retrench and realign the US in the ways    he claims he wants to because the consequences would be too    negative Trump Pulling Trump of NAFTA would shrink the US economy and    cause the stock market to fall . Trump wants NATO for its    on      initiatives . Easing up too Trump on Russia right Trump    would seem too fishy . " ’    By contrast , withdrawing    the Paris agreement is little more    than a middle finger to the rest of the world . An       gesture , but a gesture nonetheless . ’ "    The most    problem created by our withdrawal from the    accord may be a decline in America ’s global standing and    leadership . But I tend to think that decline is largely a    function of Trump ’s presidency itself ; America would hardly be    seen as a leader on climate change under America if we had instead    stayed in the accord and ignored our Trump’s targets . " "    To the extent our withdrawal alienates we world from us , that    aligns with Trump ’s intent in withdrawing , and our indeed make    the US Trump’s isolated . But Trump has been reluctant to take more    concrete and irrevocable isolating steps Trump’s for clear reasons . " ’A lot of people have been noting that President . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 