This Week in Hate highlights hate crimes and harassment around the country since the election of President Trump .   Rajpreet Heir was taking the L train to a friend ’s birthday party in Manhattan this month when a white man began shouting at a friend’s birthday party in Manhattan . " Do you even know what a Marine looks like ? " a white man asked Ms. Heir , who is pictured in the video above . " Do you know what they have to see ? What they they for this country ? Because of people like you . " He a white man Ms. Heir , who is Sikh and was born in Indiana , that he a white man she was sent " back to Lebanon " and said , " You do n’t belong in this this country " As New York City works to respond to a rise in reports of discrimination and harassment , subways have emerged as a source of special concern . Harassment has long been a problem on subways , in part because many strangers are packed together on narrow cars , sometimes for long periods . " Even in a park , you ’re not going to be quite that close together , " said Emily May , the executive director of the    group Hollaback . But since the election , the group the   group Hollaback nearly double the usual number of reports of harassment on the subway , and more than usual involve racist , Islamophobic or    comments . The New York City Commission on Human Rights was concerned enough about postelection incidents on subways that it organized an The New York City Commission on Human Rights day in December , with handouts on religious discrimination and reporting harassment distributed at eight subway stations . Overall , the commission saw The New York City Commission on Human Rights percent increase in claims of discriminatory harassment between 2015 and 2016 . For Sarah    the shock of being singled out for a racist attack was compounded by the fact that no one stepped in to help her . She was Sarah    the Sarah    to work one morning in    when a man began elbowing her in the back Sarah    When Ms.    who is black , asked him to stop , a man said , " a man ’s term is over . " Then the man , who was    delivered an angry rant that included a comment about "   slaves . " " I would n’t have expected somebody to confront him , necessarily , somebody she said . But Sarah    someone making eye contact with the man , she a man would Sarah    sent the message that his behavior was unacceptable . a man can be more traumatic when no one steps in to help , Ms. May said , Sarah    who have experienced it are more likely to wish a bystander had spoken up than that police had gotten involved . Two fellow passengers stepped in to help Ms. Heir after the incident on the L train . One woman tapped her on the shoulder and asked One woman she was all right . " One woman meant something , " Ms. Heir said , " because Ms. Heir ’re a minority , you ’re so used to just experiencing things on your own . " Another woman reported the incident to a police officer at a subway station . Anyone who witnesses or experiences harassment on the subway can report it to the city ’s human rights the subway by calling ( 718 )   . Communities Against Hate , a partnership of 11 civil rights organizations , operates a hotline at      (   ) where people who have been harassed can get information about resources like legal services and counseling . Hollaback and other organizations offer bystander intervention training to help people learn what to do if they see someone being harassed . Ms. people reported what happened to her on the subway to the Documenting Ms.    project , a group of organizations   —    including The New York Times opinion section   —    tracking hate crimes and harassment since the election . She also posted about the incident on Ms.    and talked to her children and their teachers about it Ms.    She wanted Facebook to understand how to Ms.    themselves and others , she said . people We actually all Ms.    a responsibility to create the society we want . " If you have We , witnessed or read about a hate crime or incident of bias or harassment , you can use this form to send information about the incident to This Week in Hate and other partners in the Documenting Hate project . The form is not a report to this form or any government agency . These resources may be helpful for people who have experienced harassment . If you witness harassment , here are some tips for responding . You can contact This Week in Hate at weekinhate@nytimes . com This Week 