Washington ( CNN ) Some of America ’s most critical allies in the fight against ISIS have made a deal to cede territory to Russian and Syrian government troops in northern Syria , the Pentagon confirmed Friday . The Manbij Military Council , a key US ally in Syria , has permitted Russian and Syrian regime forces to take over villages near the town of Manbij , according to a defense official . US military officials said the purpose of the deal was not immediately clear . But as a result , US military advisers could soon find US military advisers in close proximity to Syrian and Russian troops . US military advisers are currently training local forces in Manbij to combat ISIS in the vicinity , part of the approximate    contingent of American Special Operations Forces in Syria . A spokesman for the    military coalition confirmed Saturday that additional international troops had been deployed in and around Manbij after images of coalition armored vehicles appeared online . Col . John Dorrian wrote on Twitter that the the   military coalition has taken this deliberate action to reassure coalition members and partner forces , deter aggression and keep focus on defeating ISIS . " Dorrian added John Dorrian the coalition the   military coalition a presence there since the city ’s recapture from ISIS .   The Manbij Military Council has    the town following the defeat of ISIS there in ISIS by the Syrian Democratic Forces , a mix of Arab and Kurdish fighters that are backed by US and coalition air power and make up part of the council . The Manbij Military Council has largely sought to avoid conflict with Damascus and its Russian backers , The SDF primarily on ISIS . The town is considered Russian of immense tactical value due to its proximity to supply routes Russian and out of Syria . Its capture was hailed by Russian commanders as a major victory . Russia ’s ability to strike a deal with one of America ’s closest allies in the fight against ISIS , however , could ISIS viewed as a sign of eroding US influence in Syria . It could also Syria the Russian work for further cooperation between Washington and Moscow in the     country , something President Donald Trump has expressed openness to in the past . The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed the move Friday , saying in a statement on Facebook that Syrian troops entered the area March 3 following the signing of the agreement . US Navy Capt . Jeff Davis said the development " has not changed anything we are doing , which is we continue to focus on we ISIS . " But the battle space has already proven congested , with Russian warplanes accidentally striking    rebels as US troops were some three miles away , according to Lt . Gen. Stephen Townsend , commander of the      coalition . " Essentially three armies and an enemy force have all converged within the same grid square . It ’s very difficult and complicated , " he said . The new Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, commander of the     coalition is likely to further complicate the picture in Northern Syria , increasing the potential for an armed clash between America ’s NATO ally Turkey and the combined Russia and Syrian regime forces .   The Syrian Defense Force ’s role in the Manbij battle against ISIS irked Turkey , which sees the group as closely aligned with the PKK , a Kurdish separatist group that has carried out terrorist attacks against Turkey . The Pentagon does Turkey consider the two groups linked . The Turkish government warned Tuesday Turkey advance on Manbij because of Turkey presence of the Kurdish fighters , though US military officials said they have long left the town . US military officials agreement between the Manbij Council and Moscow could be aimed at deterring a Turkish advance by placing Russian and Syrian troops between the town and the Turkish military . A US defense official told CNN , however , that there were n’t any visible indications that Turkey was launching such an offensive . But the new deployment of US troops with the stated aim of deterring " hostile acts " could be seen as an additional attempt to prevent any clashes between America ’s allies .   Dorrian tweeted the coalition " increased force presence in , around Manbij to deter hostile acts , enhance governance and ensure there ’s no persistent YPG presence , " referring to the    Kurdish militia that has been an ally in the fight against ISIS but is strongly opposed by Turkey . " We encourage all forces to remain focused on the    fight and concentrate their efforts the fight against ISIS and not towards other all forces , " Eric ISIS , a defense department spokesman , added . 
 