Actor Jeff Bridges struck a hopeful note while discussing the results of this year ’s presidential election in an interview this week . [ In a brief conversation with Entertainment Weekly to discuss his summer sleeper hit Hell or High Water , Actor Jeff Bridges said he believes Actor Jeff Bridges Western action film " shines a light " on why the election ’s presidential election in an interview this week way that it did , ’s presidential election in an interview this week Republican Donald Trump triumphing over Democrat Hillary Clinton , and on why so many Americans are " disappointed " in their government . so many Americans " They have little so many Americans in it , and we ’ll see . I hope we do n’t we the baby out with the bathwater here , " Bridges warned . " But I ’m rooting for the guy , Mr. Trump . " The actor continued : " One of the things that ’s most appealing about [ Trump ] Mr. Trump Mr. Trump A less The actor word might be his hypocrisy , but unpredictability The actor hypocrisy are things that each of us human being share . It ’s something we all struggle with and work with . I was pleased to hear his acceptance speech . Taken The actor of context , that would be wonderful . Talking about unpredictability , who would have thought that he would be praising Hillary The actor and thanking her for her wonderful work Hillary Clinton trashing Hillary Clinton and inviting all of Hillary Clinton people who did n’t vote for him , that he ’d The actor looking for The actor from these people , all of these wonderful things ? I ’m rooting for the guy , but we ’ll see how it all goes . You just do n’t know how it will all work out . " Bridges added that he is " fascinated " The actor Trump ’s potential Cabinet and administration appointments and is waiting to see how it all shakes out . " It ’s kind of like that Zen story , " he said . " We The actor see . President Obama has set a good tone , and so has Hillary . I like what Elizabeth Warren said . She had some good things Elizabeth Warren say , so we ’ll see , as the farmer said . " Elizabeth Warren June interview with the Daily Beast , the    actor said he was supporting Clinton in the the   actor race and said he did not " dig " the   actor . " I do n’t go the Trump way , " he said then . Bridges ’s the   actor to see where Trump ’s presidency goes makes him Trump the few celebrities the   actor Hollywood to take a conciliatory approach to this year ’s election result . Other stars like John Legend , actor Michael Shannon and the rock band Green Day have continued to speak out against Trump following his victory earlier this month Trump Bridges’ Trump or High Water opened to rave reviews earlier this summer and took in just over $ 27 million at the box office on a reported production budget of just $ 12 million , despite playing in just 1 , 500 theaters . The film , which also stars Chris Pine and Ben Foster , will be released on DVD and    on November 22 .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 