’’ ’"Saturday Night Live " skewered Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) for attacking Donald Trump over the    star’ ’s " New York Values . " ’ ’This week , Sen. Ted Cruz has attempted to undermine the presidential    in Iowa and New Hampshire by saying that Donald Trump represents New York values , which according to Sen. Ted Cruz , are inferior to values in the two key primary states.’ ’"The rest of the country knows exactly what New York values are , and I got ta say , New York values ’re not Iowa values and New York values ’re not New Hampshire values , " . ’ ’Saturday night’ ’s episode of " SNL " mocked the candidate’ ’s thinly veiled dig at New New York , with Cruz , played by Taran Killam , describing " New York New York as scenes from the 1990’ ’s sitcom " Seinfeld . " ’ ’"I think most people know exactly what ’’ New York values’ are , and frankly , they are not New York values’ rest of the country ’s values . Instead of celebrating Christmas , New Yorkers celebrate a pagan holiday called ‘ Festivus,’ " Killam said . " Instead of watching American football , they challenge each Instead of watching American football to masturbation contests . In New York , people do n’t say ‘ Hi’ to their neighbors , people say , people Hello , Newman . " ’ ’When " pressed " by the fictional Fox Business debate moderators about why he was describing Newman Seinfeld , " the fictional Cruz dropped the pretense . ’ ’"Believe me , if I could say ‘ liberal Jews,’ I would , " Killam said.’ " The skit also jabbed at Trump ’s frequent questions about Cruz ’s eligibility Cruz for president because he was born in the fictional Cruz to an American mother and Cuban father . " ’"Clearly I’’m not Canadian . Canadian’ ’s are well liked . I am not . Canadians are rugged and outdoorsy , where I myself am mostly made of pudding , " Killam said.’ " Cruz was n’t the Cruz target for mockery during the fake debate . " ’"SNL " also poked fun former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush’ ’s ( R ) seemingly canned    as well as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie’ ’s ( R ) frequent , repetitive    criticism of President Barack Obama . ’ ’The sketch also made reference to the debate organizers ’’ decision to rely on national polls to determine which candidates qualified for the debate . Late in the " debate , " Christie , played by Bobby Moynihan , got booted from the stage for dipping below 3 % support in national polls.’ ’Watch the skit below , via NBC : ’ ’’ 
 