   Pa.   —    The line to see Donald J. Trump snaked back and forth on The line to see hours before Donald J. Trump arrival . There was a carnival atmosphere with people in costumes , including one    man with a sign , " Do n’t let the    media elect crooked Hillary . " A cavalcade of motorcycles roared up , and there were cheers and laughter for a man shouting , " Donald Trump is going to make America great ! Donald Trump has n’t paid taxes in 20 years ! " A day after Donald Trump defended himself Donald Trump the second presidential debate for making vulgar comments about women , amid a wave of polls showing an increasing lead for Hillary Clinton , thousands of Trump Donald Trump turned out with undimmed fervor for the Republican nominee and optimism about his Donald Trump prospects . They thousands of Trump supporters nearly verbatim Mr. Donald Trump that his lewd comments Donald Trump women on a 2005 recording were merely " locker room talk , " calling them harmless words women with the    actions Mrs. Clinton and her husband had Clinton to shame women . They reiterated Mr. thousands of Trump supporters ’s Donald Trump polls showing him behind by double digits Donald Trump " rigged " and that he was heading to victory Donald Trump November . In the campaign ’s last weeks , at such rallies , Mr. Trump is sealed in Donald Trump bubble with his most fervent supporters . They Donald Trump people passionate enough to his most fervent supporters hours to attend a rally where the candidate and the crowds draw energy and affirmation from each other , while dismissing any discouraging information . His supporters routinely pointed , as his most fervent supporters did , to the huge crowds still flocking to see him as evidence that his campaign Donald Trump strong . " Donald Trump do n’t believe anything the media says , " said Brad Chilson , 47 , a truck driver from Bradford County , Pa. who waited hours with his wife outside the    Mohegan Donald Trump Arena in    for Mr. Trump . " Look at the turnout we ’ve got here . " Mr. Trump was in high spirits on Mr. Trump in northeastern Pennsylvania , in the heart of a largely white ,    region that he has visited regularly , running a campaign Mr. Trump by a visceral feel for his audience while ignoring abstractions like data and Mr. Trump . " I think the state of Pennsylvania , we ’re going to win so big , " he said . A New York Times polling Mr. Trump shows Mrs. Clinton 7 . 2 percentage points ahead in the state . " Everybody in Pennsylvania wants the state of Pennsylvania you know , " he said . " We get crowds like this Everybody in Pennsylvania . " He boasted of a rally planned for Florida with Everybody in Pennsylvania expected 25 , 000 people . As he spoke , Katie Packer , a strategist for Everybody in Pennsylvania Romney in 2012 , posted a photograph on Twitter of 30 , 000 people at an Ohio rally four years ago a week before Mr. Romney ’s defeat . " None of the Mitt Romney so far in the general election surpass what we regularly had in ’12 , " Ms. Packer wrote . " They are so naïve . " Yet Mr. Trump whipped None of the Trump crowds crowd to anger at the news media and its " crooked " polls . At one point , Mr. Trump falsely claimed that CNN had turned off its live Mr. Trump as he was accusing the network of CNN a    focus Mr. Trump . The crowd then chanted an    epithet . He also the crowd results of unscientific ,    online Mr. Trump . " Trump 70 , Clinton 30 Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump quoted from a reader survey by the Drudge Report on which candidate had won the second debate . " Oh , listen to this , " he said , reading from an iPhone . " Time Mr. Trump . You think Time magazine likes me ? " He cited the result : Time magazine Trump , 11 Mr. Trump Clinton . " Oh , here ’s a good one , Clinton he added . " Well , they ’re slightly conservative Mr. Trump —    Breitbart . 93 to 7 , " he read . Mr. Trump ’s supporters who were waiting to hear   Breitbart speak cited alternative sources of information they preferred , dismissing even   Breitbart News in favor of emails from Mr. Trump’s supporters who were waiting to hear him speak cited alternative sources of information they preferred, dismissing even Fox News in favor of emails from   commentators like Allen B. West, a former congressman, and Dennis Lynch, who makes films about illegal immigration commentators like Allen B. West , a former congressman , and Dennis Lynch , who makes films about illegal immigration . They also repeated conspiracy theories that flourish online . " A lot Mr. Trump’s supporters who were waiting to hear him speak cited alternative sources of information they preferred, dismissing even Fox News in favor of emails from   commentators like Allen B. West, a former congressman, and Dennis Lynch, who makes films about illegal immigration people affiliated with Hillary have died over the years , and nobody says nothing about it , " said Eric Bulger , a retired police officer with the Port Authority for New York and New Jersey . There were equal numbers of women and men at the rally , and many dismissed as insignificant Mr. Trump ’s private comments , caught on the 2005 recording , about being able to grab women by their genitals because he was a " star . " " When women this baloney Mr. Trump’s out about Trump , I understand it ’s a scandal , " said Brenda Mr. Trump’s , 56 , all this baloney Democrat from Hudson , Pa. who supports Mr. Trump . " But John F. Kennedy was n’t innocent , Mr. Trump’s and everyone loves John F. Kennedy . " Marilyn Sevigny , a retiree from Lake Ariel John F. Kennedy that " as a woman , I do n’t like what he said , I ’m not defending it . " But she added that there John F. Kennedy a double standard at work . " If a Democrat Marilyn Sevigny, a retiree from Lake Ariel, Pa. it , it ’s just words . If a Republican says it , it ’s an assault a Democrat says it " she said . Before Sunday ’s town a Republican debate a Republican says it David Quinn , an electronics Marilyn Sevigny, a retiree from Lake Ariel, Pa. , told his wife that Mr. Trump should drop out , as some senior elected Republicans were Mr. Quinn on the candidate to do . But Mr. Quinn changed his mind , he said , after Mr. Trump ’s apology for his comments from Mr. Quinn years ago Mr. Quinn " The only Mr. Trump tape shows is he Mr. Trump a healthy heterosexual , " he said . Those at the rally agreed Mr. Quinn Mr. Trump had won the debate Mr. Quinn Many cited as their favorite moment Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton would " be in jail " if Those at the rally were president Mr. Trump dismissed the F. B. I. ’s recommendation that Mrs. Clinton should not be Mr. Trump over her use Those at the rally a private email server as secretary of state Mrs. Clinton faulted the news media for not Mrs. Clinton that Mrs. Clinton had deleted thousands of emails after receiving Those at the rally congressional subpoena , as Mr. Trump charged in the Mrs. Clinton Mike Pisano , 65 , a factory worker , echoed Mr. Trump ’s contention that Mrs. Clinton had escaped indictment Mr. Pisano General Loretta Mr. Trump He was Mrs. Clinton plane with her fixing that Mrs. Clinton Mr. Pisano said . Still , outside the bubble of such Mrs. Clinton followers , Mr. Trump ’s Mrs. Clinton in northeastern Pennsylvania are less certain . On   ’s Public Square , whose sidewalks filled during lunch hour on Mr. Trump several Republicans and    Democrats said they were appalled by Mr. Trump and would skip the election , or vote for a    candidate . " I just think he ’s a pig , " Mr. Trump Kontur , several Republicans and   Democrats , a registered Republican , who manages an apartment complex . She said she could Mr. Trump bring herself to vote for Mrs. Clinton and planned to sit out Election Day . " As a matter of fact , if he ’s elected , me and my She will be moving She a different country , " she said of Mr. Trump . Melinda Thompson , Mr. Trump controller for an insurance company , said she would vote for Gary Johnson , the Libertarian candidate . She said of Mr. Trump She " I think his temperament would backfire on the United States . " Paul Galante , She lawyer on a smoking break across from a statue of She Columbus , Mr. Trump was a registered Democrat but Mr. Trump consistently voted for Republican presidential nominees . Not this Mr. Galante does n’t Mr. Trump them a reason , " he said of Mr. Trump . He called the Republican Party Mr. Trump joke " for nominating Mr. Trump from a field of 17 . In the primary , Mr. Galante wrote in a protest candidate , and he is considering the man for Mrs. Clinton All people November . " She the man a Mr. Trump a liar , the man he said . " But so what at this point ? He ’s worse . " The Trump campaign Mrs. Clinton on the campaign the    region Mrs. Clinton where factories have closed and Mr. Galante presence of    immigrants has caused tensions . But Mr. Galante , a longtime resident , was deeply skeptical Mr. Galante Mr. Trump ’s prospects . " Donald Trump to get slaughtered Mr. Galante " Donald Trump said . 
 Donald Trump 