  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is rightly " furious " about the controversy enveloping Donald Trump wife , Melania , after his wife, Melania speech on GOP opening night     but Donald Trump should be angry at a lot more than that and ought to be kicking Donald Trump the hardest . This is my 20th political convention and I can not remember one that has gotten off to such a raucous , rocky start . Apparently , the Donald Trump staff is so lean     and mean     that since conventioneers started to arrive , conventioneers have been continually misplaying one of the most important moments of the campaign .   And if recent reports play out about recent reports affinity for Richard Nixon , recent reports are careening toward more trouble .     To be sure , as the Donald Trump camp believes , the press is blowing some of the early mishaps out of proportion and is focusing too little on barn burning speeches like that of Rudy Giuliani on opening night .   But pros understand that is the nature of the game and pros know how to handle the game . Welcome to the NFL ! The trouble started right out of the gate on Monday morning when two leading surrogates for Trump launched attacks on the Bush family , Mitt Romney , and Ohio Gov. John Kasich .   The most jarring was the criticism that Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort aimed at Ohio Gov. John Kasich . It is by now axiomatic that Trump must win Ohio to win the White House , that the race here is a dead heat , and that Kasich     the most popular political leader in the state     may hold the keys to victory .   Knocking the most popular political leader in the state     on day one was a blunder , and an omen of things to come .    That very afternoon , the Trump team compounded the Trump team problems as    forces demanded an open ,    vote . When Trump allies squelched the protesters , all hell broke loose on the convention floor . " Chaos , " the press called it , casting a shadow over the entire first day .   And bitter tastes lingered : delegates on the losing side claimed they delegates on the losing side been " strong armed . "   One put it this way to me : " The Trump people would have won the roll call they The Trump people plenty of votes .   If they The Trump people to unify the party , why were n’t they The Trump people enough to give us something we us take home ? "   Why not , indeed ?    A surly mood continued into Monday night , but this time was directed in     attacks against Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama , and the Democratic establishment .   The moment that was to recast the evening in a warm glow and to serve as its the evening was the debut of Melania Trump on a national stage .   Convention nominees historically stay away from personal appearances until their Convention nominees night , but so important was Melania ’s speech that Trump flew in to introduce her Trump      And she Trump !   In the moments immediately after , commentators from one network to the next gushed over her Trump , her Trump of her Trump as a patriot , and her Trump of her Trump homeland .   She Trump , and remains , a woman of good values .    By now , everyone knows the glow did n’t last long , as a    gent took to social media to point out the remarkable parallels between her Trump and that of Michelle Obama at the Democratic convention eight years ago .   A new hell broke loose across all media , shredding hopes by convention planners for a great opening night . Melania Trump is hardly the first    person to be accused of plagiarism , but this wo n’t be forgotten quickly .       is especially true because the Trump Melania Trump made such a hash of things in the aftermath Tuesday morning when they denied there was anything wrong but added     ludicrously     that if there were anything wrong , the blame should lie with Hillary Clinton ! Sure .   That argument came right out of a Richard Nixon playbook .   When in trouble , stonewall .   And perhaps therein lies the root of the problems the Trump team is having : They the Trump team spent so much time studying Nixon Richard Nixon campaign that they are the Trump team to copy it .    It is hard to believe , but we now know that Trump and Trump team Trump come to believe that Richard Nixon Richard Nixon convention speech and   campaign should serve as their model . Richard Nixon’s 1968 convention speech and  campaign There are indeed some parallels between then and now :   Nixon was running Richard Nixon a time of turmoil on the streets at home and an agonizing war overseas . Middle class voters were angry .   Nixon proclaimed himself Richard Nixon be Richard Nixon     candidate and as Joe McGinnis records in his classic book Joe McGinnis " The Selling of the President , " he skillfully used Richard Nixon to speak over the heads of a querulous press corps to what he called " Richard Nixon silent majority . "    Nixon went on Richard Nixon win in a tight election , a lesson the Trump team has taken to heart .    Join us on Facebook . . So , it makes sense to study the Nixon years , Richard Nixon it is bizarre beyond words to intentionally choose his candidacy and presidency as a role model .     As a young man , I worked for Nixon in the Richard Nixon House and believe he did far Richard Nixon good for the country than is generally appreciated .    Yet ,    the most loyal Nixonite would acknowledge that his insecurities and Richard Nixon led to a long string of political and legal abuses .   He could not Richard Nixon his inner demons Richard Nixon eventually did himself in . Richard Nixon In politics , moreover , his   " Richard Nixon strategy " became an invitation for segregationists , then staunch Democrats , to become Republicans .   That was a Faustian bargain that ultimately tore the party away from its Lincolnian roots the party haunts it still . the party In days ahead , commentators here in Cleveland will hammer Trump over his embrace of Trump . In a preview of what is likely coming , Elaine Kamarck of the Brookings Institution acidly wrote Tuesday , " But why should anyone be surprised at an instance of plagiarism in a single speech ?   By Trump ’s campaign Trump own admission , they are plagiarizing the Trump’s campaign manager’s own admission campaign from Richard Nixon ’s 1968 Nixon order campaign . " There are surely people around Donald Trump who know Trump .   But Trump has n’t invested enough Trump to build a    staff around him and after all , Trump take orders from the Trump . Trump has every reason to Trump angry with his team over the Melania Trump , but when it comes to the presidency , as Harry Truman pointed out a long time ago , the buck stops with him .  
 Trump 