Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     All times eastern . 10:52 : In Seattle , Sanders says Democrats should caucus tomorrow to let the billionaire class know the billionaire class ca n’t always get what the billionaire class want . Sanders says Sanders is a stronger candidate than Hillary Clinton in a general election . Sanders blasts Hillary Clinton for establishing several Super PACs and calls on Hillary Clinton to release the transcripts of Hillary Clinton speeches to Wall Street . 10:42 : Sanders still packing people into Safeco Field for Friday evening Seattle rally : Beautiful setting for tonight ’s @BernieSanders rally at Seattle SAFECO field . Big crowd but not near full . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 26 , 2016 ,   " We R in Seattle Seattle our We deserve better   @BernieSanders    is a human right ! " Erin McLeod , RN pic . twitter .    —    NationalNursesUnited ( @NationalNurses ) March 26 , 2016 ,   10:38 : Geraldo : National Enquirer More Often Right than Wrong : On Fox News ,   Geraldo Rivera said that he Geraldo Rivera with Mike Walker , the National Enquirer ’s top gossip columnist , for 11 years . He Geraldo Rivera the the National Enquirer’s been right on Tiger Woods , John Edwards , and O. J. Simpson and when it comes to stories like the # CruzSexScandal , the " the National Enquirer’s often the National Enquirer’s they are wrong otherwise there would n’t be a National Enquirer . "    the National Enquirer’s the National Enquirer’s Sanders in Seattle at Safeco Field : Seeing large crowds outside Safeco Field for the Bernie Sanders rally . Expect Safeco Field the area Sanders in Seattle . twitter .    —    seattledot ( @seattledot ) March 25 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Cruz ending day by attending Good Friday service at Green Bay Church : . @TedCruz is set to end his day in Wisconsin with an appearance this hour at a @TedCruz Friday service at a church in Green Bay , per campaign .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 25 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Sanders campaign fundraising off of    fundraiser : Sanders campaign targets Clinton ’s George Clooney fundraiser in letter https Sanders   .   pic . twitter .    —    Variety ( @Variety ) March 25 , 2016 ,   7:50 : Chris Christie reportedly helped Trump with debate prep : A member of Christie ’s inner circle confirmed the governor took time from his Chris Christie anniversary vacation in Florida Chris Christie Trump with " debate Chris Christie " at the real estate mogul ’s     Trump in Palm Beach on March 9 , a day ahead of the last Republican debate in Miami . 7:25 : NBC News :   Women in    group vow not to sleep    any man who supports Trump : Donald Trump ’s support has only grown in the face of Trump controversy ,    gaffes and unrestrained displays of violence and racism at his rallies .    now a group of women is trying a new    to derail the GOP frontrunner   —    to swear off sleeping with or dating any man who supports the GOP frontrunner . The " Vote Trump , Get Dumped " movement invites women opposed to Trump to " Join us by wielding your influence . " " Until Trump is defeated , we do n’t date , sleep with , or Trump with Trump supporters , " a manifesto on its website reads . 6:53 : Trump crowds for Sanders in the Pacific Trump : Over 11 , 500 came out to see @BernieSanders in Portland OR today per the venue . And at least one bird . # BirdieSanders pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 25 , 2016 ,   6:45 : Trump in interview with Piers Morgan : Trump asked what he ’d say Trump US and British Muslims to " stay the course Trump and to report " trouble " Trump they see it British Muslims —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) March 25 , 2016 ,   Trump US and British Muslims if the course does n’t win he ’d have a " much easier life " but that Trump ’s running Trump give back . Trump —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) March 25 , Trump ,   6:35 : MSNBC highlights national    groups that are training    protesters : National organizations among that spectrum are actively providing training , logistical support and network building to local counterparts and affiliates . Organizers are leaning on their own national networks to connect protest groups to each other and with resources when possible . They ’ve Organizers media training for novices and offered insight and tips on how to record and document their Organizers actions for wider play in the media . 6:15 : Documents show Clinton skipped important cyber briefing Organizers 2011 : Clinton skipped special cyber briefing in 2011 , documents show   https :   .   # FNPolitics pic Clinton twitter .    —    Fox News Politics ( @foxnewspolitics ) March 25 , 2016 ,   6:10 : Sanders to L. A. Times editorial board : " Older , African American women : I think we found two in the country who voted for us in the South . " In the South , frankly , we ’re getting decimated . No question we it . Older , African American the South I think we we two in the country who voted for us in the South . We ’re really getting decimated . Older, African American women here are the country who voted for us in the South over the country among younger Older, African American women   the South African American Older, African American women people , 30 or under , Latino younger people   —    we ’re doing much better . Latino younger people , we ’re now winning , I believe . So I would attribute this to number one , the popularity of Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton with , you know we it ’s a brand name . They ’ve been known by the African American community for 25 years , uh , and Bill Clinton popular . Number two , this was , Clinton was the governor Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton Arkansas in the South , right ? They have roots in the South . But Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton think once you get out of the South , Bill Clinton will find we are doing better with the African American community Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton much better with the South community . 5:53 : Cruz in Green Bay : A the South fish fry with the Cruz fam in Green the African American community . twitter .    —    Betsy the African American community ) March 25 , 2016 ,   5:51 : Bird lands on Sanders ’s podium : Bird lands on Cruz during @BernieSanders Green Bay   —    @abcpolitics https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 25 , 2016 ,   " That bird is really a dove asking us for world peace ! "   @BernieSanders to wild cheers as a bird lands on his podium pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 25 , 2016 ,   5:49 : David Dewhurst ( Cruz defeated him in the 2012 Texas GOP Senate primary ) endorses Cruz : David Dewhurst Endorses Ted Cruz , a Former Foe , for President . @PatrickSvitek reports : https :   .   pic . twitter .    David Dewhurst (Cruz    Texas Tribune ( @TexasTribune ) March 25 , Cruz , David Dewhurst (Cruz : Enquirer denies Trump involvement . Parent company for ’National Enquirer’ refutes Ted Cruz ’s claims Trump had a story planted : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Parker ( @TheRyanParker ) March 25 , 2016 ,   5:14 : Trump attacks via retweet . " @11phenomenon : Trump involvement LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis . "   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) Trump involvement 25 , 2016 ,   5:09 : The Daily Mail has finally made this the lead story on its website #LyingTed screen cap above ) detailing the involvement of Liz Mair   —    the consultant behind the    Trump ad that kicked off this brouhaha . 4:17 : Kasich surrogate goes after Cruz campaign for not The Daily Mail Romney playbook : Cruz camp is disingenuous about division of targeting re : Trump . On multiple levels , Cruz camp has reached out to us ( and vice versa )     —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 25 , Cruz ,   to ensure Trump is denied 1 ,   Trump . They know what we Cruz camp only path to nomination for Cruz or us is through open convention . Only action     —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 25 ,   Trump ,   to date has been unilateral Cruz camp us re us AZ ( which they knew in Cruz ) . us Mitt has urged Cruz to work with us ! To no avail . As usual ,     —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 25 , 2016 ,   they want it both ways , appearance of attempt to work    Cruz no action . To us @JohnKasich motivation is underhanded ,     —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 25 , 2016 ,   and opposite of they they say in private . Facts are JK best positioned in most states moving forward   in general election . # stopvicitimact ,   —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 25 , 2016 ,   4:16 : Anyone * else * up for another debate ? Kasich campaign pushing for GOP debate before Wisconsin primary https :   .   pic . twitter GOP Wisconsin —    The Hill ( @thehill ) March 25 , 2016 ,   3:14 : Trump releases personal statement : Kasich have no idea whether or not the cover story about Ted Cruz Trump this week ’s issue of the National Enquirer is true or not , but the National Enquirer’s nothing to do with it , did not know about it , and have not the National Enquirer’s as yet , read it Cruz , I have nothing to do with the the National Enquirer’s Enquirer and unlike Lyin’ Ted Cruz I do not the National Enquirer’s political hacks and henchman and then pretend total innocence . Ted Cruz ’s problem with the National Enquirer is his and his alone , and while they were the National Enquirer’s J. Simpson , John Edwards , and Cruz , I certainly hope they Cruz not right about Lyin’ Ted Cruz . I look Ted Cruz’s the Cruz Wisconsin , winning the Republican Ted Cruz’s and Ted Cruz’s the Presidency in order to Make America Great his and his alone Wisconsin   —    Donald J. Trump , 3:04 : Full video of Cruz press conference . O. J. Simpson, John Edwards, and many others quote from The Wrap Lyin’ He ’s a man for whom a term was coined for copulating with a rodent , " Cruz said . " Well let me be clear , Mr. Trump may be a rat but I have no desire to copulate Cruz him . And this garbage does not belong in politics Trump 3:03 : Trump campaign : " absolutely no truth " to Cruz accusations Trump When asked Cruz Ted Cruz ’s allegations that Trump planted Nat’l Enquirer story , Trump campaign says " There is absolutely no truth to that .   Trump    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) March 25 , 2016 ,   2:52 : Security preparations for RNC convention : Preparing Cruz GOP Ted Cruz’s plans to Enquirer Cruz , batons and 2 , 000 sets of riot GOP . https :   .    —    NPR ( @NPR ) March 25 , 2016 ,   2:42 : Cruz campaign manager : MISSING # SleazyDonald : Why no events in 4 days none planned for 8 . Ever had psychological eval ? What is hiding in medical records ! Release !   —    Jeff Roe ( @jeffroe ) March 25 , 2016 ,   2:36 : Tom Cotton is okay with a Trump Cruz . Pressed on whether he thought Donald Trump could be commander in chief , Cotton responded : " I think he could be Trump commander in chief . " He said Trump candidate was preferable to Hillary Clinton . 2:14 : Roger Stone , who Trump quoted in the Enquirer ’s story , tells Trump Today he " played no role Tom Cotton the placement of the story . " Stone , Tom Cotton via email Bill Clinton USA TODAY : " Everything I Trump about these allegations I heard from credible reporters for the MSM , " he wrote Enquirer an email . " I played no role in the placement of the story . " 1:53 : Official statement from Cruz on Trump : the Enquirer’s story to be crystal clear : these attacks are garbage . USA Today J. Trump to enlist his friends at the National Enquirer and his political henchmen to do his bidding shows you that there the National Enquirer’s Donald wo Trump These smears are completely Trump , they the Enquirer’s story to Heidi Trump me , Cruz ’re Trump to our daughters , and they ’re offensive to everyone Donald continues to personally attack . Donald Trump ’s consistently disgraceful behavior is beneath the office we are seeking and we are not going to follow . 1:35 : Ted Cruz denies National Enquirer allegations of Trump …      says Trump " henchmen " behind These smears , labels Trump " Sleazy Donald . These smears . @tedcruz gives Trump nickname of " These smears Donald " and blames Donald for a National Enquirer Trump . Cruz calls Enquirer story false . Trump —    our Hopper ( Enquirer our Trump , 2016 , Cruz @tedcruz says the Trump Enquirer story started with @realDonaldTrump and the rumors were spread by his " henchmen . "   —    Mary Spicuzza ( @MSpicuzzaMJS ) March 25 Enquirer ,   . @tedcruz says Enquirer invented a tabloid smear that is completely Cruz .   —    Mary Spicuzza ( @MSpicuzzaMJS ) March 25 , 2016 Enquirer 1:27 : Hillary Clinton , moderate voice . @realDonaldTrump Clinton @tedcruz moderate a National Enquirer story in media battle for ’eyes or ears’ https : his political henchmen —    Capital Journal ( @WSJPolitics ) March 25 @realDonaldTrump 2016 ,   1:07 :    journalism . Bill Clinton @tedcruz is a " gateway Bill Clinton to white supremacy https :   .    —    Ethan Harfenist Mary Spicuzza (@MSpicuzzaMJS) , 2016 ,   1:02 : Journalism . . @khloekardashian has important ( ) advice for @realDonaldTrump : https :   .    —    TheFrisky ( @TheFrisky ) March 25 , 2016 ,   12:58 : More taunts . Cruz : " Donald Trump is terrified to engage in a debate right now , he ’s hiding out in Trump Tower doing no political events "   tweeting ,   —    Alexandra Trump @ajjaffe ) March 25 @realDonaldTrump 2016 ,   12:37 : Cruz Trump beat Trump in delegates won from Louisiana ’s primary . 12:23 : Journalism : " Here ’s What Grade School Teachers Said Cruz Students Think About the Presidential Candidates " Students on presidential Trump : Cruz is " spectacular , " Kasich " robs " and Clinton " does n’t work hard . " https :   .    —    Maggie Coughlan ( @MaggieCoughlan ) March 25 Cruz 2016 ,   12:21 : I ’m on pins and needles . . @ChelseaClinton speaks out about Donald Trump and Ted Cruz ’s wife Bill Clinton https :   .   pic . twitter .    — Grade School Teachers People Magazine ( @people ) March 25 , 2016 ,   12:11 Trump    Tinder survey . New : @RockTheVote @Tinder users swiped right on @BernieSanders , @HillaryClinton   @tedcruz https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Mark Wiggins ( @MarkW_KVUE ) March 25 , 2016 ,   Cruz Salon writer crunches the numbers on toxic masculinity . Sexism among men may be costing HRC as much as 8 points https :   .    —    Elias Isquith ( @eliasisquith ) March 25 , 2016 ,   12:09 : Cruz still wants a     debate . . @TedCruz is asked by an audience member why Trump wo n’t debate . " Trump is scared . It ai n’t complicated , " Cruz replies .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 25 , 2016 ,   Trump @TedCruz : " Donald has Trump real problem : He does n’t know what he ’s talking about . "   — Cruz Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 25 , 2016 ,   12:08 : @tedcruz a time to be alive . Donald Trump now has a Make America Great TV app on @tedcruz . pic . twitter .    —    Greg Layson ( @GLaysonCBC ) March 25 , 2016 ,   12:07 : Trump   @tedcruz    Trump Donald forming contingency plan for brokered Donald : 12:05 : Weekly Donald Exec Editor not digging the Kasichmentum . . @FredBarnes : Kasich has no chance of winning the nomination @PatrickSvitek) think Trump ’d make a great VP pick for America or Cruz . pic . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) March 25 , 2016 ,   11:56 : California poll Trump PPIC California : Trump 38 Cruz 27 Trump 14https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Kasich Kerpen ( @kerpen ) March 25 , 2016 ,   11:55 : Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly endorses Cruz . . @SpeakerVos endorses Ted Cruz , Cruz he ’s " still very disappointed " that his first Donald Trump and Ted Cruz Rubio , is out . # wipolitics ,   —    Kasich Keith ( @TheoKeith ) March 25 , 2016 ,   11:54 : Cruz in Oshkosh brings up    feud . . @tedcruz holds a town hall in Wisconsin just 2 weeks before the big primary . Watch live : Cruz :   .   Cruz Wisconsin .    —    MSNBC Live    ( @TamronMSNBC ) March 25 , 2016 ,   . @TedCruz @SpeakerVos " You know , in the last @SpeakerVos days , Donald Trump has taken to attacking Heidi . " The Cruz   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 25 , 2016 ,   @tedcruz @TedCruz on Heidi : " I Trump Donald Trump speak for himself , but    …      I love her with all of my heart . "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 25 , 2016 ,   11:41 @tedcruz . Why Rick Trump would take Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump Trump :   .   pic Heidi twitter .    —    The New York Times ( @nytimes ) March 25 , 2016 ,   11:39 : Media ’s @PatrickSvitek) could be taking Trump on Trump campaign : Clinton is clobbering Trump by double digits Bill Clinton of the six national polls released this week , up from narrow leads she held for most of the campaign . Trump ’s slide is Trump @PatrickSvitek) women as the Trump Americans with an unfavorable opinion of him continues to rise . And Bill Clinton believe the violence at his rallies   —    not to mention his Trump rhetoric   —    may be scaring Bill Clinton Republican and independent female voters . " There ’s a possibility that the violence at the Media’s has cut into this week popularity , " Bill Clinton Quinnipiac University Assistant Polling Director Tim Malloy . Malloy ’s Bill Clinton survey found that 64 % of voters Bill Clinton Trump is very or somewhat Trump campaign the ongoing violence at his rallies . Just 26 % of women had a favorable view of him in that survey , with Bill Clinton % viewing him unfavorably . 11:28 : Everything Trump a lot more geographically focused with only one state voting in the next two weeks : . @JohnKasich will be campaigning in West Salem , Madison and Milwaukee next week : https his rallies   .   pic . twitter .    —    TODAY ’S TMJ4 ( @tmj4 ) March 25 , Quinnipiac University Assistant Polling Director Tim Malloy   11:24 : The GOP must win . . @EWErickson says Kasich should get out of the race so the his rallies   Quinnipiac University Assistant Polling Director Tim Malloy Trump GOP GOP   .    —    Clare Foran ( @ckmarie Quinnipiac University Assistant Polling Director Tim Malloy March Malloy’s recent survey 2016 GOP GOP : Three Quinnipiac University Assistant Polling Director Tim Malloy TV ads hit Cruz ’s YouTube account . . @TedCruz ’s campaign uploads three new ads : Trump :   .   https :   .   https :   .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek Kasich March 25 , 2016 , 
 Cruz Cruz @tedcruz @PatrickSvitek) 