’   ’ ’    Fox News host Sean Hannity slammed Sean Hannity critics as " hypocrites "    after the network   a local affiliate’ ’s story on slain Democratic    National Committee staffer Seth Rich . ’ "    Fox 5 in Washington , DC had     that private investigator Rod Wheeler , who is affiliated with the    Rich family , said that before Rich was fatally shot in July ,     the website that was responsible for the release    of internal DNC emails last year . Hannity frequently    discussed the story on TV and online , and    seems to be    sticking by    even after    ’s retraction . " ’    " All you in the liberal media , I am not    . com or FoxNews . com , I    retracted nothing , " Hannity said on Hannity radio show Tuesday    afternoon . ’ ’    " For those accusing me of pushing a conspiracy theory , you are    the biggest phony hypocrites in the world , " Hannity said . ’ " Hannity Hannity to think that if Rich was the source of the leaked    emails from DNC officials , and not Russian hackers as US    intelligence agencies believe , that could be a blow to       that President Donald Trump ’s campaign colluded with    Russians to sway the presidential election . " ’    " If in fact , take Seth out of it , there was a whistleblower    within the DNC , a    that actually was the source for    WikiLeaks , and not Russia working with the Trump campaign , these    are questions that I have a moral obligation to ask and I will do    the mainstream media’ ’s job like I have most of my career , "    Hannity said .   ’ "    The Metropolitan Police Department is still investigating    Rich ’s murder and has said there is evidence which suggests    Rich Rich the victim of a robbery gone wrong . No definitive motive    for Rich Rich killing has been found yet . " "    A number of    outlets and personalities , including    Hannity , have pushed the theory that Rich Rich was    orchestrated by the DNC because he provided    of DNC    the DNC WikiLeaks .   " "    Hannity and many others have pointed to Fox ’s    that cited    Rod Wheeler , a private investigator who is affiliated with the    Rich family and apparently made the accusation that Rich    had ties to WikiLeaks . These WikiLeaks led some    to theorize that Rich ’s killing Rich    by the DNC    and covered up by the Metropolitan Police    Department . The police department   Wheeler ’s    claim . " "    Fox 5 published its story on May Fox 5 , and the story was    its story by Fox News’ national website on May 16 . On Tuesday ,    Fox News   and released a statement saying that the story    did not its story standards    " ’       the story was published , Wheeler   its story    personally had no evidence suggesting Rich Wheeler been in touch with    Wikileaks before his death . " I only got that Wheeler information ]    from the reporter at Fox News , " Wheeler said . ’ ’    ’ " Wheeler Hannity first raised questions about Rich ’s murder in     speculating about the Rich Rich was a WikiLeaks    source . Hannity has repeatedly called attention to the    conspiracy Hannity over the past week as well . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThoughts twitter ? ?   ’ ’ ’t’t’tThere are still so many questions surrounding the death of DNC staffer Seth Rich   …       joins me next   ’ ’ ’t’t’tJulian Assange all but identifies the 27 year old DNC worker as a source and we are to ignore this ?   ’ ’ ’t’t’tCongress , investigate Seth Rich Murder !   made comments u need to listen to ! If Seth was wiki source , no    collusion   ’ ’    He has urged his followers to pay attention to Seth Twitter    Seth of Kim Dotcom , a notorious internet entrepreneur who has    also   the Rich conspiracy    theory . CNN     that Kim Dotcom currently resides in New Zealand and is    wanted in the US on charges of copyright infringement and money    laundering .   ’ ’    Hannity , who has painted Rich as a heroic victim targeted    for retribution by the DNC , said on Tuesday , " I feel so badly for    this family and what they have been through and what they are    this family through . " ’ " this family But Rich ’s family has repeatedly asked Hannity to stop peddling    the DNC conspiracy theory .   " ’    " Think about how you would feel losing a son or brother , " Seth’ ’s    brother , Aaron ,     to the executive producer of Hannity’ ’s Fox News show . " And while    dealing with this , you had baseless accusations    your lost    family member being part of a vast conspiracy . " ’ ’    Aaron Rich added that he thinks it’ ’s a " travesty " that Aaron Rich Hannity would " prompt false conspiracy theories and other    people’ ’s agendas rather than work with the family to learn the    truth . " ’ ’    In a statement   last week , the Rich family’ ’s representative Brad    Bauman said , " It’ ’s sad but unsurprising that a group of it’    outlets who have repeatedly lied to the American people would try    and manipulate the legacy of a murder victim in order to forward    their own political agenda . " ’ ’    the American people I think there is a special place in hell for people like that , "    Bauman added .   ’ ’Fox News host Sean Hannity slammed his critics . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Sean Hannity 