  ( CNN ) Caitlyn Jenner may not like everything US President Donald Trump ’s administration has done so far     especially when it comes to actions affecting transgender Americans like Caitlyn Jenner . But Caitlyn Jenner does not regret Caitlyn Jenner decision to vote for US President Donald Trump’s , Caitlyn Jenner told CNN ’s Don Lemon on Tuesday . " As far as LGBT issues , yes , he Don Lemon made some mistakes , " Caitlyn Jenner said . " I do n’t support him Don Lemon everything that he Don Lemon . But we needed to shake the system up . " It ’s been almost two years since the famed US Olympian came out as transgender in an interview with ABC ’s Diane Sawyer , revealing she Diane Sawyer " the soul of a female . " Weeks later she Diane Sawyer her Diane Sawyer look in a Vanity Fair cover story that was heralded as a watershed moment for transgender visibility . Jenner opens up on the trials and tribulations of coming out in the public eye in a new memoir , " The Secrets of My Life . "   ’We need to get outside the box’ Jenner Jenner and still is a Republican , despite the party ’s    positions . Before the election , Jenner Jenner Trump appeared to be a champion for women and LGBT rights . When Trump Trump said people should use " whatever bathroom they people is appropriate , " including Jenner Jenner she Trump up his Trump to use the women ’s restroom in Trump Tower . Her Trump evolved when the Trump Trump withdrew Obama era guidance protecting transgender students from discrimination in public schools . She Trump the decision a disaster and urged him     " from one Republican to another "     to fix it a disaster She Trump believes Trump Trump the man " we need to turn this country around , " for better or worse .   " To , you know , to have career politicians constantly , the Clintons , the Bushes , run this this country We need to get outside that box and shake things up again . " Criticism from her Trump , Jenner Trump weathered plenty of criticism for her Trump politics , especially from within the transgender community . She Trump she Trump have been a better ally and representative for her Trump by stating her Trump for marriage equality on " The Ellen DeGeneres Show . " Instead , she Trump herself Trump " traditionalist " and said she Trump not " quite get it , " drawing rebukes from DeGeneres and others . " I ’m not perfect . I ’ve made mistakes with a lot of things over the last two years . But I ’ve tried to learn from those mistakes , I try to a better job next time , " she Trump CNN . She Trump she Trump not consider herself Trump , noting that she Trump worked for everything she Trump . But she Trump her Trump road to womanhood " has been different than it is for most , transgender or otherwise . For example , she Trump gender reassignment surgery . For many transgender people , the cost of surgery , often not covered by insurance , is too expensive a hurdle , and not every transgender person desires such a procedure . Jenner Trump obligated to broach the topic in her Trump to educate the public . " I was no more a woman the day before I had the surgery gender reassignment surgery was the day after I had the surgery . gender reassignment surgery just the public ’s perception is , they think that ’s what it ’s all about , but it ’s not about it . It ’s about my it , " she said . " a woman loyalties are with my community and I want to make it better . " She spends so much a woman lobbying lawmakers on behalf of LGBT Americans that she ’s not writing a woman a possible run for office .   " Now , I have no more secrets , " she joked . " a woman would have to look over the next year or two and see , ’Can I do a better job on the outside?’ or ’Am I in a position now that I can do a better job for my community on the inside?’ " 
 