’   ’ ’    James Hodgkinson , whom the FBI     as the man who   on Congress members and staffers at a GOP    baseball practice Wednesday morning , was a fierce opponent of    President Donald Trump , according to initial accounts and a    review of    social media profiles . ’ ’    The     from Belleville , Illinois , owned a      business and appeared to be a fervent supporter    of progressive politics and a critic of   President Donald Trump . ’ ’    House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among several people shot .    House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was " critically injured and remains in critical condition , "    MedStar Washington Hospital Center tweeted Wednesday afternoon .    House Majority Whip Steve Scalise had undergone surgery earlier . ’ ’    Trump   from House Majority Whip Steve Scalise injuries but did not name    House Majority Whip Steve Scalise . ’ ’    Hodgkinson left a litany of    and    posts    on the timelines of Hodgkinson Facebook and     accounts , and Hodgkinson joined several Facebook groups with names such    as " The Road to Hell is Paved with Republicans " and " Terminate    the Republican Party . " ’ ’    " Trump is a Traitor . Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy . Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy ’s Time    to Destroy Trump & Co. , " Hodgkinson wrote in a March 22 post . ’ ’    Court records show that Hodgkinson had been arrested on charges    of battery and aiding damage to a motor vehicle in 2006 . charges   of battery were dismissed . ’ ’   ’ ’    Hodgkinson was also a   and volunteered for Hodgkinson 2016    presidential campaign . Hodgkinson released a statement on Wednesday    saying Hodgkinson was " sickened by this despicable act . " ’ ’    Hodgkinson " wasn’’t happy with the way things were going , the    election results and stuff , " Hodgkinson brother , Michael , . " Totally out of the blue . " ’ "    Michael said he was   Michael close with his brother   Michael but that James was    politically active and led a regular life . " ’    Charles Orear , an acquaintance of Hodgkinson’ ’s who said he      Michael with him for   Michael , told   that Hodgkinson was a " quiet guy " who was    " very mellow , very reserved . " ’ ’    " He was   Michael union tradesman , pretty stocky , and we stayed up    talking    , " Orear told The Post . " He was   Michael on the    really progressive side of things . " ’ ’ ’ ’   suspect James Hodgkinson   in congressional   belonged to    groups .     ’ "    One of Hodgkinson ’s neighbors , Aaron Meurer , told the   that Hodgkinson had Hodgkinson’s absent for the past    two months and that he was Hodgkinson’s sure if Hodgkinson was Hodgkinson’s with    his wife Hodgkinson’s Suzanne . " "    Hodgkinson ’s Hodgkinson’s   that he had Hodgkinson’s living in Alexandria for the past    two months . " ’    " She said that he went Meurer a trip . She wasn’’t She specific , "    Meurer said . ’ ’    He added Meurer " I knew he was Meurer Democrat , a pretty hardcore one . I    know he wasn’’t Meurer when Trump got elected but he seemed Meurer a    nice enough guy . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The Belleville    on Wednesday released several     Hodgkinson wrote in 2012 that criticized    conservative    and Republican politicians . ’ ’    In one letter , he railed Meurer the conservative commentators    Rush Limbaugh and Bill O’’Reilly , saying , " They speak the conservative commentators   Rush Limbaugh and Bill O’’Reilly lies the conservative commentators   Rush Limbaugh and Bill O’’Reilly and hatred and misdirection to anyone who will listen . " ’ ’    In another letter , he called Meurer an overhaul of the federal tax    code to raise income tax rates on the rich and said , " God bless    the 99 percent . " He also Meurer hope that politicians would    soon " legalize or at least decriminalize marijuana use . " ’ ’    In other etters between 2008 and 2012 , reported by   and   Hodgkinson described President George    W. Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney , and their associates as    traitors and accused them of   traitors " war profiteers . " ’ ’    He also criticized President Ronald Reagan for giving tax breaks    to the rich , saying , " I don’’t ever again want to hear how great a    president he was He " ’ ’   ’ ’James Hodgkinson , whom the FBI identified . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 