Washington ( CNN ) White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon rarely appears in public and rarely speaks to the press , much less on live television . So White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon appearance alongside White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus Thursday was hotly anticipated and closely watched . The men performed a buddy schtick of sorts , portraying the yin and yang that bring the White House and keep it running not White House chaos as some media reports have claimed , but like the " " machine President Donald Trump bragged about during a news conference last week . Priebus keeps the White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus running , according to Bannon , and Bannon does the Bannon ideas , according to Priebus .   White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus fact that Bannon does n’t Bannon much in public has created an aura in Washington for him . Critics Bannon he ’s the Bannon force behind Trump ’s policies machine President Donald Trump Saturday Night Live " portrayed him as the Grim Bannon who sits behind Trump in the Oval Office . Bannon did not seem Bannon the Grim Reaper on the Grim Reaper who sits behind Trump in the Oval Office came off as Bannon and overworked , but passionate about his boss , even Bannon he admittedly " runs Bannon little hot . " But he did cram a Bannon of those big ideas Priebus mentioned into what was billed as a short and informal QA . One could infer a lot about Trump ’s goals for the next four years from what Bannon said . Here Bannon some of the most interesting passages and some of his more interesting word Bannon : Trump is going to do exactly Trump he said during the Bannon , " This is the main thing that the mainstream media     or the opposition party     never caught , is that if you want to see the Trump agenda it ’s very simple . It the Trump agenda all in the speeches the Trump agenda He went around to Bannon rallies and the speeches had an enormous amount the speeches in them . .. He ’s laid out those rallies agenda with those speeches with the promises he made and our Bannon every day is to just to execute on that . .. he ’s maniacally focused Bannon that . "   " All of those promises are going to be implemented , " he said . There Bannon three pillars of Trump ’s plan , " I kind of break it up into three verticals of three three pillars of Trump’s plan , " Bannon said . " The first is kind of national security and sovereignty and that ’s your intelligence , the Defense Department , Homeland Security .   " The second line of work is what I refer to as ’economic nationalism’ and that is Wilbur Ross at Commerce , Steven Mnuchin at Treasury ,   ( Robert ) Lighthizer at Trade , ( National Trade Council head ) Peter Navarro , ( adviser ) Stephen Miller , these people that are rethinking how we ’re gon na reconstruct our trade arrangements around the world . we " The third , broadly , line of work is what is ’deconstruction’ of the administrative state . " ’Economic nationalism’ is Bannon ’s favorite buzz term , He used variations of the term three ’Economic nationalism’ in describing the Trump agenda .   Multilateral relationships are bad , bilateral relationships are good . " I think one of the most pivotal moments in modern American history was ( Trump ’s ) immediate withdraw from ( Trump Partnership ) . That got us out of a trade deal and let our sovereignty come back to ourselves , us people . The mainstream us do n’t get this , but we ’re already working in consultation with us Hill . People are starting to think through a whole raft of amazing and innovative , bilateral relationships     bilateral trading relationships with people that will reposition America in the world as a fair trading nation and start to bring jobs . High value added , manufacturing jobs , back to the United States of America . " They ’re going to America the current manufacturing jobs, back to the United States of America system , " Every business leader we ’ve had in is saying not just taxes , but it is also the regulation . I think the consistent , if you look at these Cabinet appointees , they were selected for a reason , these Cabinet appointees that is the deconstruction . The way the progressive left runs is , if they ca n’t get it passed , these Cabinet appointees ’re just going the progressive left runs put in these Cabinet appointees sort of regulation in an agency . That ’s all going to be deconstructed and I think that that ’s why this regulatory thing is so important . " The media is the ’opposition party,’ and ’it ’s only going to get worse’ Bannon used the term " opposition party " several times when describing the media , and he predicted White House confrontations with journalists worse’ Bannon get worse . " They ’re corporatist , globalist media that White House confrontations with journalists adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has , " he said . " Here ’s why worse’ Bannon ’s going to get worse : Because he ’s going to continue to press worse’ Bannon agenda . And as economic conditions an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump , as more jobs get better , they ’re going to continue to fight . more jobs you think they ’re going to give you your country more jobs without a fight , you are sadly mistaken . Every day , it is going to be a fight . And that is what I ’m proudest about Donald Trump . " The US will experience a new political order , " I ’ve said that there ’s a new political order that ’s being formed out of this , " Bannon said . " And it ’s still being formed . But if you look at the wide degree of opinions in this room     whether you ’re a populist whether you ’re a    conservative whether you ’re libertarian whether you ’re an economic nationalist     we have wide and sometimes divergent opinions . But I think we ( agree on ) the center core we what we believe , that we ’re a nation we an economy . we an economy just in some global marketplace with open borders , but we are a nation with a culture and a reason for being . And I think that is what unites us and I think that is what is going to unite this movement going forward . " Bannon is not afraid to use words like ’nationalism’ and ’culture’ " Nationalism , and especially " white nationalism , " are terms fraught with historical tensions and can elicit fear from minorities affected by racist or prejudiced mindsets . And Bannon has been accused of being a friend Bannon white nationalists , although he has rejected it in the past . Bannon that has n’t stopped him from keeping the term " economic nationalism Bannon in his rhetorical quiver . He also said " Bannon are a nation Bannon culture and a reason for being . " He did n’t elaborate , but that ’s Bannon idea sure to cause debate and turmoil in a nation where for many years the overriding language from politicians was one of inclusion of new cultures and pride in a nation of immigrants . 
 