Add Barbra Streisand to the list of celebrities who will be moving out of the United States if Donald Trump is elected president in November . [ The     singer and actress told 60 Minutes correspondent Michael Usher on Sunday that The    singer and actress will leave the United States if Donald Donald Trump elected president .   " I worry , " Barbra Streisand said during the   interview that aired Sunday , Sunday to the Daily Mail . " I do n’t take anything for granted . I want Hillary Clinton to be President of the United States . But there is still a lot of sexism , and ‘ A woman being president?’ you know , and making fun of her , Hillary Clinton way [ Donald Trump ] insults her right Hillary Clinton left , and has no facts . " " I ca n’t believe it . I ’m either coming to your country if you ’ll let me in , or Canada , " Streisand added , apparently referring to the possibility that Republican Donald Trump could be elected president . " You ’re very , very welcome , " the    correspondent told the singer .   Streisand , Streisand of Clinton ’s top celebrity backers in the 2016 race for the White House , has been increasingly vocal in her support Clinton the Democratic candidate and increasingly open about her dislike Clinton Republican Donald Republican Donald Trump Grammy , Emmy , Oscar and      is set to host an " LGBT for Hillary " dinner fundraiser next month at New York City ’s Cipriani Wall Street , with tickets ranging from $ 1 , 200 all the way up to $ 250 , 000 . In March , Streisand penned an essay in which she blasted the " Streisand sexism " in the media ’s coverage of Clinton . " Why is it that today even a woman as impressive as Hillary Clinton is judged Clinton her merits and extensive resume Clinton , but held to a pernicious double standard ? " she wrote in a short Clinton for the Huffington Post . Last year , Streisand called the prospect of a Trump presidency " terrifyingly scary . " Streisand is just one of Streisand a dozen celebrities who have publicly vowed to move out of the United States in the event that Trump is elected . Other Trump who have made the same pledge include Whoopi Goldberg , Miley Cyrus , Samuel L. Jackson , George Lopez ,    and Cher . Streisand ’s latest album , Streisand : Movie Partners Sing Broadway , was released August 26 .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 