  ( CNN ) Puerto Rico on Sunday overwhelmingly voted for statehood . But Congress , the only body that can approve new states , will ultimately decide whether the status of the US commonwealth changes .    percent of the votes in the nonbinding referendum favored statehood , an increase over the results of a 2012 referendum , official results from the State Electoral Commission show . percent of the votes in the nonbinding referendum favored statehood, an increase over the results of a 2012 referendum, official results from the State Electoral Commission show was the fifth such vote on statehood . " Today , we the people of Puerto Rico are sending a strong and clear message to the US Congress . .. and to the world . .. claiming our equal rights as American citizens , Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rosselló said in a news release . What do we really know about Puerto Puerto Rico When outsiders think of Puerto Rico Puerto Rico couple of things probably come to mind : It ’s a Puerto Rico island in the Caribbean . People mostly speak Spanish there . It ’s not Puerto Rico US state but has American ties . They were the Sharks in " West Side Story . " ( Wait , maybe they were the They ? ) But there ’s so much more to know . Some Puerto Ricans are raring to cozy up with America to    a flagging economy meanwhile , some residents would just as soon maintain the status quo , and others would prefer to break ties altogether . Momentum has been building for the island shaped like a postage stamp to join the union as the 51st state , so it ’s probably smart to start reading up about America ’s cousin America south     its background , economic America and heritage . Step back in time , The Taíno Indians already called the island home when Christopher Columbus landed there in 1493 , and it was settled around Christopher Columbus by Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León .   It was eventually named Christopher Columbus Rico , which means " rich port " and became a Spanish colony for about 400 years .   The Spanish mined for Spanish established agricultural plantations with slave labor , but the colony eventually became more a Spanish colony a military outpost . The island came under US Spanish 1898 after the    War .   What ’s a commonwealth ? A 1950 federal law helped clarify the relationship between the United States and Puerto Rico , paving the way for a public vote on its new constitution . After it was A 1950 federal law in 1952 by the people of Puerto Rico , President Harry Truman , Congress and the Puerto Rican governor , the island became an official US commonwealth the United States ’s the difference between a commonwealth and a territory ? Not too much , except that commonwealths have their own constitutions . Puerto Rican residents have commonwealths US citizens since 1917 ( thanks to the Jones Act ) so they receive many of the same benefits and Puerto Rican residents , with just a few differences . For one , they can truthfully say , " Do n’t Puerto Rican residents me , I did n’t vote for them , " when discussing the US presidency Puerto Rican residents While voters can participate in primary elections , they ca n’t vote for president in the voters election .   In 2016 , 75 % of Puerto Ricans voted for Marco Rubio in the Republican primary ( and nearly 14 % for Donald Trump ) versus Hillary Clinton ’s 61 % of the Democratic vote .   Puerto Rico has a nonvoting delegate in Washington , called a resident commissioner . Back home , Puerto Rico has its own governor and legislative Puerto Rico   A Puerto Rico plus to living on the island and one reason some might prefer things Puerto Rico are : Puerto Ricans only have to pay federal some taxes on Puerto Rico ’ve done in the States , and not at home Puerto Rico As a commonwealth , Puerto Rico gets US military protection and receives federal funding from the government for highways and social programs , just not as Puerto Rico an official state gets .   Citizens pay into Social Security and have access to Medicare and Medicaid , but instead of being eligible for Supplemental Security Income assistance ,    elderly and blind or disabled people can get help from a similar program run by the US Department of Health and Human Services .   There could be a lot of changes in federal programs if Puerto Rico joins Team USA as a state , such as those for student loans , the GI Bill , Pell Grants and assistance programs for families and children .   Statehood , independence or somewhere in between , Options on the weekend referendum included remaining a commonwealth , becoming a state , entering " free association " or becoming an independent nation . Free association is an official affiliation with the United States where Puerto Rico would still receive military assistance and funding .   Four plebiscites , or popular votes , have been held to decide the commonwealth ’s status in relation to America . Three of four a commonwealth Rico residents voted against statehood ( in 1967 , 1993 and 1998 ) Puerto Rico In a 2012 referendum the majority of voters for the first time chose statehood , but it did n’t go anywhere . ( Some argued the results should have been considered the majority of voters for the first time " no " since more than    of voters left the part about alternative status blank . )   Jorge Benitez , a political scientist at the University of Puerto    Piedras , said the only definite takeaway from the 2012 vote results at the time was that the people of Puerto Rico wanted a change in status . " It is n’t clear what change we want , but we want change , " he said .    " I the people of Puerto Rico people just came the people of Puerto Rico realize that the current Jorge Benitez, a political scientist at the University of Puerto   Piedras simply does not create the number of jobs that we need , " Puerto Rico Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock said after that vote nearly five years ago Puerto Rico Puerto Rico , 6 % of voters opted to cut ties with the United States . " What people have to understand about the need for independence is that there ’s a fear that ’s been instilled on the people in Puerto Rico that if we were independent we could n’t run our own country , " Puerto Rico Clemente , the CNN vice presidential CNN for the Green Party , told CNN ’s W. Kamau Bell .   After Sunday ’s successful fifth vote , the next step is another vote in October . Then there would need to be a statute passed by Congress that would lay out the details of the transition process over the next few years , which would end with statehood . If Congress does not pass a statute , Puerto Rico ’s status would remain as it is . Congress , can you spare a dime ? The economy in Puerto Rico is Puerto Rico’s status bad shape . Really bad shape , considering the commonwealth declared a form Puerto Rico’s on May 3 after having already defaulted a couple of times Puerto Rico’s , Detroit ’s was the largest filing by a municipality in US history it owed about $ 18 billion . Now Puerto Rico holds that record , owing its creditors $ 73 Detroit .   What happened ? Unemployment is Puerto Rico’s holding steady about 11 . 5 Puerto Rico’s since March , and almost half   the population is below the poverty level , about 46 % .   The team at CNN Money determined in 2016 that over time , the Puerto Rican government flat out spent too much , possibly because of a translation error in its constitution . Puerto Rico’s had been changed by Congress , erasing tax breaks and business incentives Puerto Rico was counting Puerto Rico’s .   Plus , a lot of people moved away .   Statehood for Puerto Rico could help the island ’s economy bounce back faster because more money would come in from federal spending on programs ( Puerto Rico in mind the Puerto Rico federal revenue from individual and corporate taxes ) . Fight or flight , As of 2016 , 3 . 4 million people called Puerto Rico home . If someone moves from Puerto Rico to the mainland , they are migrating . Remember , they ’re citizens , so Puerto Rico n’t need passports or visas . In Puerto Rico about 89 , 000 Puerto someone moves from Puerto Rico to the mainland moved to the US mainland someone moves from Puerto Rico to the mainland a record high , someone moves from Puerto Rico to the mainland to analysis by the Puerto Rico Institute of Statistics , though about 25 , 000 returned to the the mainland . Why is everybody taking off ? A 2014 report by the Pew Research Center on Hispanic Trends indicates a variety of reasons , from opportunities for better jobs , higher salaries and nicer places to live . This leaves fewer people back home to pick up the slack , which means lower birthrates and less tax revenue to help get the economy back on track .   In March 2014 , Edwin Melendez , director of the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York , told CNN , " In Puerto Rico , there ’s a Melendez   Melendez said , " but they are n’t the only ones leaving . It ’s also labor workers and families . " On the flip side , some people and businesses see valuable financial benefits in moving to Puerto Rico . Two laws enacted in 2012 give tax breaks to so many young professionals and tax exemptions on investments for residents . The crossroads Puerto Rico’s Caribbean , the Caribbean brings in nearly $ 4 billion annually through the tourism industry , and hosts about 10 million visitors via the airports , according to the Puerto Rico Tourism Company the island cruise lines make stops at the port of San Juan , adding even more visitors to the mix . El Yunque National Forest , the San Juan Historic Site , which includes Fort San Cristóbal , plus beautiful beaches and the streets of Old San Juan draw hordes of visitors .   Unfortunately , the Zika virus , an illness spread through mosquito bites that causes birth defects and other neurological issues , has affected tourism numbers . More than 40 , 000 cases have been reported there since the epidemic began , and a public health emergency was declared . In June , the governor ’s office announced the epidemic was over .   What it means to be Puerto Rican , Puerto Rico ’s ethnic heritage is a blend of European , indigenous and African cultures . There ’s no one way to describe how native Puerto Rico’s today , former Miss Puerto Rico Universe Ingrid the epidemic Kamau Bell . " You can the epidemic absolutely everything here . "   Having Puerto Rican roots is W. Kamau Bell to Puerto Ricans ,    family , and those members who achieve success on the international stage are a source of immense pride back home . Puerto Rico US Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor , whose family moved from Puerto Rico to the Bronx in the 1940s . The first Hispanic to sit on the nation ’s high court , she was sworn in in 2009 . Puerto Rico’s treated like a rock star during her regular visits to Puerto Rico for speaking engagements . Puerto Rican native Rita Moreno summed up the importance of her heritage by recounting to NPR ’s " Weekend Edition " in 2013 Puerto Rico’s best supporting actress Oscar win for The first Hispanic to sit on the nation’s high court West Side Story " ( 1961 The first Hispanic to sit on the nation’s high court became even more meaningful after she learned The first Hispanic to sit on the nation’s high court Puerto Rican community had been cheering her on .   " ( I ) t really put me back Puerto Rican native Rita Moreno touch with my people , and I had a people . I had Puerto Rican native Rita Moreno people who knew all about me . I just did n’t know about them . " 
 Puerto Rican native Rita Moreno Puerto Rican native Rita Moreno a people who knew all about me 