’   ’ ’    A conspiracy alleging a chemical weapons attack carried out in    northwestern Syria last week was a " false flag " operation    orchestrated by " terrorists " opposed to Syrian    President Bashar    quickly made a "false flag" operation   orchestrated by "terrorists" opposed to Syrian   President Bashar    way from a      propaganda outlet to leading members of the      media in the US . ’ ’    The trail leading directly from    News to      entities like the    site    InfoWars   ’ ’     ’ ’    The Syrian government has denied dropping chemical weapons on    civilians in Idlib province early last week . Russia , an Assad    ally ,   a Syrian airstrike targeting    terrorists in the area accidentally hit a warehouse controlled by    rebel forces that had been stockpiling nerve agents ,    which dispersed and killed dozens of civilians when    was    bombed . ’ ’    But US defense officials monitoring Syrian warplanes on military    radar say US defense officials monitoring Syrian warplanes on military   radar saw the planes take off and drop the chemical    weapons , NBC News reported . And the P ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’American officials " repeatedly returned to the    Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons with    intelligence reports on remaining chemical stocks , " The New    York Times ) ’ ’    As many analysts have suggested over the past week , however ,    for the Assad regime to drop chemical weapons on the town    of   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’The Grim    Logic Behind Syria ’s Chemical Weapons Attack . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The    piece was quickly    " reproduced    " according to   ’ ’    The   piece was also quoted extensively in an article titled , " published by the      site . ’ ’    On April 5 , . The   piece    ran an article claiming Chemical Weapons Attack was a      operation funded by the liberal business magnate George Soros and    carried out by the White Helmets   —    a civil defense organization    comprised of volunteer first responders that detractors have    attempted to brand as a tool of Al    rebel forces . ’ ’    The InfoWars article , DFR Lab wrote , " made the same claims , and    used the same sources , as the    story , " merely " reversing    their order . " ’ "    Once the theory   of one of the country ’s    most notorious conspiracy theorists   —    InfoWars founder Alex Jones     —    it got help from one of   fans : Mike Cernovich , the   commentator    whose . " ’    "    ’ ’   ’ ’      Much of the hashtag’ ’s " initial viral appeal appears to      have come from suspiciously hyperactive accounts that tweeted      it dozens the hashtag’’s "initial viral appeal hundreds of times in the space of a few hours , "      DFR Lab wrote .    ’ ’      ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    But ultimately , and perhaps ironically , Trump   —    a consumer and    promoter of conspiracy theories   Jones in the past     —    and his administration blamed the Assad regime for the    attack , and ordered a response . ’ ’    On Thursday night , Trump ordered Trump   US Navy to launch 59    Tomahawk cruise missiles at a    airfield    where the planes used to drop the chemicals are believed to have    taken off . He then Trump   a public statement placing the blame    squarely    Assad . ’ ’    Bashar     ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tDid McCain give " moderate rebels " ( ISIS ) in Syria poison gas and Hollywood style film equipment ? ’t’t’ ’      ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tLIVE : Evidence Mounts That Syrian Gas Attack Is False Flag      ’ ’    Paul Joseph Watson , a blogger for InfoWars who tweeted last    week that Assad had would have had " no motive " for a gas attack ,    was so upset with Trump’ ’s decision that he took Assad " Assad the    Trump train . " ’ ’   ’ ’    He later Assad that he was Assad " off the Trump the   Trump train of Syria . " ’ ’A conspiracy alleging a chemical weapons attack . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 