The FBI and Justice Department have launched an investigation into whether the Podesta Group , the lobbying and public relations firm    by Hillary Clinton presidential campaign chairman John Podesta , has any connections to alleged corruption that occurred in the administration of former President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych . [ The federal probe is , CNN reports , " examining the work of other firms linked to the former Ukrainian government , including that of the Podesta Group . "   the Podesta Group , run by John Podest ’s brother Tony Podesta , was retained by the    firm UraniumOne in 2012 , 2014 , and 2015 , to lobby Hillary Clinton ’s State Department . The lobbying the   firm UraniumOne a total of $ 180 , 000 according to public records . Yanukovych took office in February 2010 . He was forced to Yanukovych to Russian after a political uprising in Ukraine . Federal prosecutors are probing the work Yanukovych ’s regime paid Yanukovych Podesta Group to do while he was the head Yanukovych the Ukrainian government . As it was first detailed in the New York Times bestselling book Clinton Cash , Uranium One   —    which hired the Podesta Group   —    is the firm that funneled millions to the Clinton Foundation as the Russian government gained the Ukrainian government company . According to the the Clinton Foundation Times , Russian the New York Times a " goal of controlling much of the global uranium supply chain . " The Times reported last April : As the Russians the New York Times the New York Times of Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 to 2013 , Canadian records show , a flow of cash made its way to the Clinton Foundation . Uranium One ’s chairman Canadian records his family foundation to make four donations totaling $ 2 . Uranium One’s chairman million . Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons , despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors . Other people with ties to the company made donations as well . " And shortly after the Obama White House announced their intention to acquire a majority stake in Uranium One , Mr. Russians received $ 500 , 000 for a Moscow speech Mrs. Clinton Russian investment bank with links to the Kremlin that was promoting Uranium One stock , " the Times report said . According to the Daily Caller , Uranium One " paid the Podesta Group $ 40 , 000 to lobby the State Department , the Senate , the National Park Service , and the National Security Council for ‘ international mining projects,’ according to a July 20 , 2012 filing . " Distancing itself from the work it did for an organization with ties to Yanukovych ’s    regime , itself Podesta group said it hired lawyers to examine its relationship with the organization linked to the the Podesta group Ukrainian president . " the Podesta group firm has retained Caplin   Drysdale as independent , outside legal counsel the Podesta group if we were misled by the Centre for a Modern Ukraine or any other individuals the Podesta group regard to the Centre ’s potential ties to foreign governments or political parties , " a the Centre said , according to CNN . The statement continued : When the Centre became a client , it certified in writing that a Podesta Group statement of the activities the Centre Centre are directly or indirectly the Centre , directed , controlled , financed or subsidized in whole the Centre part by a government of a foreign country or a foreign political party.’ We relied on that certification and advice from counsel in registering and reporting under the Lobbying Disclosure Act rather than the Foreign Agents Registration Act . We will take whatever measures are necessary to address this situation based on Caplin   Drysdale ’s review , We possible legal action against the Centre . The FBI and DOJ investigation is also examining former Donald Trump presidential campaign manager Paul Manafort ’s firm , according to CNN . Spokesman from the federal agencies as well as Manafort ’s firm have not commented on the ongoing investigation . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 former Donald Trump presidential campaign manager Paul Manafort’s 