Sunday at CNN ’s Democratic presidential town hall , Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Republican presidential    Donald Trump was " literally inciting violence with Republican presidential   Donald Trump supporters . "   Sanders said , " I hesitate to say this , because I do n’t really like to disparage public officials , but Republican presidential   Donald Trump is a pathological liar . We have never , our We does not believe in and never will encourage anybody to disrupt anything . We We millions of supporters , and people do what they people , and people have the right to protest . I happen not to believe that people should disrupt anybody ’s meetings , but let me say something about Mr. Republican presidential   Donald Trump    Some of you may have read just a few hours ago that Mr. Trump said Republican presidential   Donald Trump is prepared to Republican presidential   Donald Trump for the legal costs of an individual who sucker punched somebody at a recent event . He is going to Republican presidential   Donald Trump the legal fees of somebody who committed a terrible act of violence . What that means is that Donald Trump is literally Republican presidential   Donald Trump with his supporters . He is Republican presidential   Donald Trump that if Republican presidential   Donald Trump go out to beat somebody up , that is okay , I will pay the legal fees . That the legal fees of somebody who committed a terrible act of violence and I would hope that Mr. Trump tones it down Republican presidential   Donald Trump and tells his supporter ss that violence is Republican presidential   Donald Trump acceptable in the American political process . " He continued , " Well , Republican presidential   Donald Trump know , Jake , you heard this one individual who sucker punched somebody , and if he is quoted correctly , what Republican presidential   Donald Trump said , well , you Republican presidential   Donald Trump , why did you punch him up ? Well , he Republican presidential   Donald Trump be a terrorist , Republican presidential   Donald Trump next time I might have to kill him . And this is roughly Republican presidential   Donald Trump e quote   …     And this is guy that Trump is go going to be paying legal fees for ? What that is essentially saying , friends , is an incitement to violence , you go beating up somebody , the legal fees , it is okay , we ’ll pay . This is unacceptable , and I think that Senator Rubio has a legitimate concern . We have to put an end to this we Trump has to get on the TV and Trump his supporters that violence in the political process Trump America is not okay , not acceptable , end of discussion . " 
 