The most    part of working for an    news site like Breitbart is how quickly you lose all respect for the " professionals " in the business . [ You know how when you read a news story that touches on your profession , you notice the writer does n’t know what the writer ’s talking about and makes embarrassing factual errors ? Try moving on from that when your profession is journalism !   This phenomenon is even more cringey when you or your company are the subject of a story . And boy , were we ever yesterday . Just as every reporter became an expert on Turkey during the coup against Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , a lot of Breitbart experts materialized Wednesday as our Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon left his our Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon to become CEO of Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign . We watched dumbfounded as people who are supposedly the best at the news business got basic facts wrong or printed wild , unverified speculation from anonymous sources   —    all the sins we We accused of by the ’s presidential campaign Yesterday ’s feeding frenzy revealed a lot of journalists as being sloppy , stupid , and dishonest as they say we a lot of journalists . We are some of the worst examples we saw : The " pros " reported that Breitbart is a birther site . As seen from Media Matters and Talking Points Memo ’s Katherine Krueger . I traced Breitbart ’s courtship Breitbart Trump , starting with its humble birther beginnings back in ‘ 09https :   .    —    Katherine Krueger ( @kath_krueger ) August 17 , 2016 ,   We ’ve always maintained that Obama was born in America and Hillary was the " Original Birther "   …      until we found out We was the Obama birther ! And as for getting basic facts wrong , Krueger writes : " As far back as 2009 , [ Breitbart ] ran posts praising Trump for his handling of Breitbart] Celebrity Apprentice " and lauding him as a Breitbart] for demanding President Barack Obama release his long form Breitbart] certificate . " First of all , she insinuates Trump Krueger Breitbart Trump Birtherism back in 2009 a cursory Google search would remind her that Trump Krueger n’t Trump up the subject until 2011 . If you actually click the second link , the author praised Trump for fighting Trump and not backing down when they tried to    journalists shame him : " I the author no Birther , never was . But does n’t mean I did n’t see how the MSM and White House were using this issue to their political advantage . the MSM and White House Earlier in the article , he described the refusal Earlier in the article release the document   —    thus allowing the conspiracy theories to fester   —    as " a cynical political weapon in order to label everyday Americans as racist . " The " pros " reported that more Breitbart employees are on Earlier in the article way to Trump more Breitbart employees campaign . As reported by Erick Erickson and McKay Coppins at BuzzFeed . Erickson rolled with a Erick Erickson claiming our DC Bureau Chief Matthew Boyle would join Trump ’s campaign , Trump campaign source . The rumor got shut down quickly by journalists who confirmed there was no truth to the claim : Breitbart ’s Matt Boyle ’s not joining our DC Bureau Chief Matthew Boyle Absolutely 100 % false , " EIC Alex Marlow tells me .   —    Michael Calderone ( @mlcalderone ) August 17 , 2016 ,   Coppins also cited an anonymous Republican source , then trolled two former Breitbart employees with the question of who is " the Breitbart’s likely Breitbart staffer to join the campaign . " One of Breitbart ( is that Trump campaign Ben ? Come home ! two former Breitbart employees pointed to Breitbart California Editor and general workhorse Joel Pollak , claiming he Breitbart not a " . " And that was good enough for Coppins to print . We do n’t share metrics on individual authors , but a quick look at comment counts and Facebook shares on his stories the past couple weeks would beg to differ . he " pros " reported that we presented a subject ’s transgenderism as a scoop . Dave Weigel at the Washington Post wrote this about Breitbart Tech and Milo Yiannopoulos : The biggest individual star at Breitbart may be Milo Yiannopoulos , a British journalist and pundit who became the site ’s " technology editor " in 2015 . Telegenic , quotable and proudly gay , Yiannopoulos rose to prominence in America with coverage of the " Gamergate " saga , which began as a dispute between a    game designer and his ex and mushroomed into a battle against " social justice warriors . " Yiannopoulos and some researchers covered and advanced the story , reporting Yiannopoulos for example , on the fact that one    critic had transitioned from male to female . Note the lack of a link or citation   —    a tell that Weigel knows he ’s being dishonest and does n’t want anyone to check Weigel work . Had he done so , anyone reading would Weigel that the headline Weigel on old chat logs where the subject , Sarah Nyberg , claimed to be a pedophile . Nyberg later verified the authenticity of those chat logs and disavowed Sarah Nyberg . The " pros " reported that we have pushed those chat logs conspiracy theories " about Hillary Clinton ’s health . CNN ’s media critic Brian Stelter wrote yesterday : " Breitbart has also touted conspiracy theories about Clinton ’s health and published dozens of stories about Bill Clinton ’s alleged treatment of women , with headlines like Clinton Sex Abuse Victims of Bill Clinton . ’ " Note the lack of link or citation when Clinton we " touted conspiracy theories . " We have aggregated a wide range of voices ( including Stelter ) weighing in on Hillary ’s health , either arguing she ’s sick or she ’s healthy , but our own reporting on the Hillary has centered on Hillary speaking on the record We   —   Neurologist Dr. Daniel Kassicieh , D. O.   —   Dr. Nicholas C. Bambakidis , director of cerebrovascular and skull base surgery , and the program director of neurological surgery at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland , Ohio , and a professor of neurosurgery and radiology at the CWRU School of Medicine in Cleveland ,   —   Dr. Drew Pinsky ( also here and here ) Cleveland note the juxtaposition of " conspiracy theories " next to " dozens of stories about Bill Clinton ’s alleged treatment of women , " which he can not honestly give the same label   —    as they , Bill Clinton’s , are all     accounts from his accusers or , in the story he singled out , aggregations of other Bill Clinton’s : " The Washington Post ’s Bill Clinton’s Morris , Newsweek ’s Michael Isikoff ( now with NBC ) and former Clinton Military Aide Buzz Patterson , " to name a few . The bottom line here : Stelter did n’t do his research . Maybe he skimmed our site a little , but he probably Stelter drafted this dismissal Stelter our news coverage based on memories of Stelter     sewing circle mocking us on our . He ’s the face of     coverage for CNN , our he ’s    Stelter job . The " pros " reported that Trump paid Stelter Breitbart hotel Stelter at the RNC . As reported ( again Stelter ) by McKay Coppins at BuzzFeed , based on an anonymous source who claims he heard Boyle saying so . Hadas Gold announced that Politico had the same SCOOP ! last month but showed enough restraint to vet it before publishing . re : Boyle boasting about Trump paying for their hotels during conventions , Hicks shot this Boyle to me last month https :   .    —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold Boyle last month , 2016 ,   The Government Accountability Institute ( GAI ) forced Coppins to issue a correction in his Breitbart hit piece yesterday . He falsely reported that Steve was n’t leaving his The Government Accountability Institute (GAI) The Government Accountability Institute (GAI) GAI while he served The Government Accountability Institute (GAI) Trump ’s campaign the organization sent out The Government Accountability Institute (GAI) statement to the contrary The Government Accountability Institute (GAI) before BuzzFeed went to print . Basically everything out of Glenn Beck ’s mouth . Steve Bannon is the " CEO of Breitbart . " " He is not leaving Breitbart . " And , strap yourselves in for this one Steve Bannon This is a Breitbart who uses the Dark Web . If you do n’t know what the Dark Web is , good for you . Dark Web is where you can the Dark Web —    oh , Breitbart ’s frightening . It is frightening . It ’s where you get child porn , you Dark Web buy sex slaves , it ’s horrible It This guy uses the Dark Web to find people to do investigations and child porn else Steve Bannon like to do . the Dark Web we wanted to get on to talk Steve Bannon him , because I ’ve talked to them several times in the past , and knows Steve Bannon inside and out , is now too afraid to come on because he ’s using Steve Bannon Dark Web against this individual and they ’re afraid . They do Steve Bannon want to say anything more about the Dark Web to begin ? Steve is the them Chairman of Breitbart them and Andrew Steve Bannon childhood friend and business Steve Larry Solov is the CEO his Breitbart Steve is temporarily leaving his position and is not a part of operations the "CEO of Breitbart Steve the end of Steve Day . As for the " Dark Web " rant , compare that pitch for an Oliver the Executive Chairman of Breitbart movie to this description from Bloomberg , which for all we know could be Beck ’s source for the claim : When Clinton became secretary of state , the Glenn Beck’s mouth signed an agreement with the White Clinton to disclose all of its contributors . It did n’t follow through . So GAI researchers plumbed tax filings , flight logs , and foreign government documents the White House turn GAI the White House the foundation withheld . Their most effective method was mining the    Deep Web , the 97 percent or so of information on the foundation that is n’t GAI researchers for search engines such as Google and therefore is difficult to find . " Welcome to The Matrix , " says Tony , GAI ’s data scientist , as he maps out the Deep Web for me on GAI whiteboard ( we agreed I GAI n’t publish his last name ) GAI A presentation on the hidden recesses of the Web follows GAI " The Deep Web , " he explains , " consists of a lot of useless or depreciated information , the Deep Web foreign languages , and the Deep Web But a whole bunch of it is very useful , if you can find it . " Tony specializes in finding the good stuff , which he does by writing software protocols that spider through the Deep Web . Since this it heavy computing power , Tony struck a deal Tony use the services of a large European provider during    hours the Deep Web ’ve got $ 1 . Tony billion of equipment I ’m using at almost full capacity , " he says . This effort yielded a slew of unreported foundation donors who appear to have benefited financially from their relationship with the Clintons Tony including the uranium mining executives cited by the New York Times ( who showed up on an unindexed Canadian government website ) . This effort donations illustrate a pattern of commingling private money and government policy that disturbed even many Democrats . The South Dakota tech firm BrightPlanet shows Beck does n’t even get the category right . " The Deep Web is anything Glenn Beck’s mouth a search engine ca n’t find   …      The Dark Web then is classified as a small portion of the Deep Web the Deep Web intentionally hidden and is inaccessible through standard web browsers , " their explainer page the Deep Web even Bloomberg reported that Bannon himself participated in Deep Web the Deep Web he managed those who did . For Steve Bannon take this fact and end up with murder Steve Bannon hire is actual lunacy Glenn Beck’s mouth Granted , Beck is not a journalist but the Deep Web . But he is one of the Glenn Beck’s mouth voices in the Never Trump movement , made up Glenn Beck’s mouth of Twitter pundit conservatives who think we ’re just the worst at everything , so we always make time to point out the nuttiest things he has to say . 
 Glenn Beck’s mouth we 