Since the implementation of Twitter ’s new algorithmic timeline back in February of this year , conservatives , libertarians and    dissidents alike have been waiting for the social media platform to interfere in the current U. S. election cycle . Now it seems that there is clear evidence of Twitter censoring the current Republican    Donald Trump .   A tweet sent from Trump ’s account at 3:04 PM EDT yesterday is not visible from Trump’s timeline , even when showing " Tweets and replies . " That message included a video wherein Trump’s declared that " the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country . " At the time of this writing , A tweet sent from Trump’s account at 3:04 PM EDT yesterday is still publicly accessible via a direct link and thus has not been deleted either by Twitter or by someone operating on the Trump Trump’s . This archive . is link has a copy of the timeline taken before this article was published which clearly shows the A tweet sent from Trump’s account at 3:04 PM EDT yesterday appearing where it should this article   —    between a tweet sent at 12:10 PM EDT and one sent at 3:27 PM EDT it is possible that the tweet A tweet sent from Trump’s account at 3:04 PM EDT yesterday reintroduced to the timeline in the timeline taken hide the manipulation .   Milo Yiannopoulos , editor of Breitbart Tech , predicted 2 months ago that Twitter would seek to interfere with the primary process , noting that Twitter ’s head of Twitter , government and elections served as Deputy Chief of Staff for a Democrat senator from Louisiana in 2008 , and that he is also a Term Member of the Council of Foreign Relations . A move to shadowban the tweets of the Republican    would therefore not entirely be unexpected . Unlike Twitter , Facebook has publicly declared that it will not seek Facebook influence the election , insisting that it is " a Facebook platform , " but it , too , Facebook an algorithmic timeline and also has worked with German Chancellor Angela Merkel to remove    comments from its site . Breitbart    has reached out to Twitter for comment , Twitter there has been no response so far . Jack Hadfield is a student at Warwick Univeristy and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You Breitbart Tech him on Twitter here : Jack Hadfield Twitter 