Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump tweeted Saturday that tragedies like the death of NBA star Dwyane Wade ’s cousin are one of the reasons    will vote for the Republican nominee , later adding that the Republican nominee can " fix "    problems . " Dwayne Wade ’s cousin was just shot and killed walking cousin baby in Chicago . Just what I have been saying .    will VOTE TRUMP ! "    tweeted , "Dwayne Wade "Dwayne Wade name . Trump later TRUMP the tweet and posted an update with Wade ’s "Dwayne Wade spelled correctly . He later TRUMP , " My condolences to Dwyane Wade "Dwayne Wade family , TRUMP the loss of Nykea Aldridge . They are in my thoughts and prayers . " Aldridge was fatally Nykea Aldridge by a stray bullet Friday afternoon while pushing a stroller down a street in Chicago ’s South Side . The child was not injured . Trump also commented on Aldridge ’s death Nykea Aldridge a rally in Des Moines , Iowa .   " Just yesterday , the cousin of NBA star Dwyane Wade , a great guy Dwyane Wade , was the victim of a tragic shooting in Chicago , " he Chicago’s . " Trump breaks all of our hearts to see it . It ’s It . It ’s horrible and It ’s only getting It . This should n’t happen in our country . It America happen This America . " " So we send our thoughts our prayers our the family and we also promise to our for a much , much better tomorrow , " Trump added . NBA superstar Dwyane Wade ’s cousin killed in Chicago crossfire , Neither Wade nor his agent responded to a ’s cousin request for comment on Trump ’s remarks . Trump Trump to Twitter after Trump tragedies when he believes they confirm ideas he Trump proposed Wade nor his agent his speeches Trump In the wake Trump the Orlando terrorist attack in June , Trump tweeted , " Appreciate the Trump for being right on radical Islamic terrorism , I do n’t want congrats , I want toughness   vigilance . We must be smart ! " ’I will fix it’ Trump has cited problems in American Trump cities as a reason why he believes    should vote for Trump . Speaking in Des Moines Trump he said crime and poverty in Trump America " offends my sense of right and wrong to see anyone living in such conditions . " " They are living in terrible , crime and poverty in urban America conditions     beyond belief conditions . Bad , " Trump said . As he ticked down a list of Trump and crime statistics     deploring in particular the numbers of shootings in several major American cities     the Republican nominee bashed Democratic policies and argued that " it ca n’t get any worse . " " To those suffering , I say , vote for Donald Trump . I will fix Trump    Hispanics , vote for Donald Trump . I will fix it Trump will be fixed . And it add it and I add it in all sincerity     what do you have to lose ? " Trump said . Trump vowed inner city residents Trump his administration Trump see job prospects rise and Trump become safer , though he has offered few specifics as to how Trump achieve those outcomes . Kaine criticizes , Hillary Clinton ’s running mate , Tim Kaine , criticized Trump for his initial response linking Aldridge with Trump    Kaine , saying the only appropriate response to Aldridge ’s death was sympathy . " We Aldridge ought to be extending our sympathy to the family . That ’s We only reaction that is appropriate right now and maybe a sadness about this gun violence issue , " the vice presidential candidate told reporters in Miami Lakes , Florida . " You see something like this and it ’s just , we should redouble our efforts to really adopt and promote smart we on that . But the sympathy issue is the one that ought this gun violence issue strong first reaction . " Other Democrats     including Clinton     have criticized Trump ’s tone and rhetoric about    issues as insensitive and have questioned his commitment to black voters . A recent NBC    Street Journal poll shows Clinton beating Trump 91 % % among   . Donald Clinton     plans Trump’s voter outreach 
 