In his final address to America ’s armed forces , President Barack Obama reminded troops that once Donald J. Trump becomes president , soldiers have a duty to question President Barack Obama authority and criticize President Barack Obama . President Barack Obama also said the Second Amendment and global warming can be blamed for terrorism . [ President Barack Obama stood before soldiers at MacDill Air Force Base , in Tampa , Florida on Tuesday , December 6 , to talk about " the foundation that we will leave for the next administration , " CNSNews . com reported .   Characterizing the military ’s mission as a fight against " violent extremism , " President Barack Obama insisted that soldiers need to rise up against Trump if soldiers feel Trump is pushing policies that are ill considered . President Barack Obama told the troops , " each of we has   …     the universal right to speak your minds and to protest against authority to live in a society that ’s open and free that can criticize we president without retribution . " President Barack Obama went on to insist that a proper U. S. policy against " violent extremism " is a " long term " policy . " So rather than offer false promises that we can eliminate terrorism by dropping more bombs or deploying more and more troops or fencing we off from the rest of the world , " President Barack Obama said , " we have to take a long view of the terrorist threat . And we have to pursue a smart strategy that can be sustained . In the time remaining , let me just suggest what I think should guide this approach . " President Barack Obama also went on to blame terrorism on the Second Amendment and global warming . In addressing the    Middle East , Obama insisted that President Barack Obama warming forms a large part of that conflict . " A changing climate is increasing competition for food and water , " which , he claimed , President Barack Obama the conflict in Syria and other nearby nations . Obama also blamed President Barack Obama Second Amendment to the U. S. Constitution for " violent extremism " in the United States . " Somebody who is trying to kill and willing to be killed is dangerous , particularly when we live in a country where it ’s very easy for that person to buy a very powerful weapon , " Obama insisted . President Barack Obama presidential    also placed blame on the Constitution ’s the U. S. Constitution hinting that he thinks free speech is too freely indulged to prevent " impressionable minds " from being warped by " extremism " on the Internet . Obama touted his President Barack Obama to President Barack Obama the reach of terror recruiters online saying , " We ’ve worked with our tech sector to support We to push back on terrorist messages on social media that motivate people to kill . " The president also President Barack Obama against the charge of extremism : We are fighting terrorists who claim We fight on behalf of Islam . But they do not speak for over a billion Muslims around the world , and they do not speak for American they including many who wear the uniform of the United States of America ’s military . If we stigmatize good patriotic Muslims , that just feeds the terrorists’ narrative . It fuels the same false grievances the terrorists’ narrative they use to motivate people to they . If we act like this is a war between the United States and Islam , America gon na lose more Americans to terrorist attacks , but we ’ll also lose the sight of the we principles we claim to defend , As to the we of ISIS , Obama insisted it was not given aide by his actions of pulling out of Iraq in Obama but was instead given succor by the policies of George W. Bush . " By 2011 , Iraqis wanted our military presence to end , and they were unwilling to sign a new status Iraqis forces agreement to protect our troops from prosecution if they were trying our defend themselves in Iraq Iraqis " Obama proclaimed . Iraqis In Iraq , maintaining American troops in Iraq at the time could not have reversed Iraq forces that contributed to ISIL ’s rise . " Obama added , " Some of the mistakes Obama the 2003 invasion have helped to give rise to the organization that became ISIL in the first place . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 