Cleveland , Ohio ( CNN ) Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus on Sunday sought to downplay the policy gulfs between Donald Trump and Donald Trump newly minted running mate , Mike Pence , on issues like trade , the Iraq War and Donald Trump ’s proposed Muslim ban .   " Donald Trump is looking to be challenged by other people . Donald Trump ’s not looking for ’yes’ people around Donald Trump , " Priebus told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union , " explaining the Pence pick . " I think that shows a lot of maturity . I think it shows an understanding of an electorate and an understanding of what it takes to defeat Hillary Clinton , " Priebus said .   The clearest evidence of their split comes on the    Partnership . Trump called the      pact negotiated by President Barack Obama ’s administration a " rape of our country . "   Pence , meanwhile , has lobbied for Pence passage .   Asked about the differences between Trump and Pence on trade , Priebus said Priebus ’s an issue that divides the GOP . " You ’d be surprised . This is a split issue in our party . Not everyone is crazy about TPP . I can tell you , these delegates are n’t crazy about TPP . I can tell you a lot of the base in our party is n’t crazy about TPP TPP " Priebus said . Tapper responded : " Yeah , but your vice president is . "   And Priebus said : " Listen . .. not as wildly crazy as you might think . "   Priebus the GOP that having two candidates share a ticket that have diverging opinions on TPP is " TPP some stunning , startling " reality .   Then , after answering another question , Priebus circled back Priebus " By the way , when you said ’your VP,’ I thought you were talking about Paul Ryan . .. I was n’t sure you were talking about Pence , " the RNC Priebus as he tried to explain Priebus previous response about Priebus trade divide .   Then , Priebus also sought to brush Priebus the differences in position as a general disagreement within the party . " His strength and his negotiating Priebus and his Priebus to do better Priebus his most important position on Priebus , " Priebus said of Trump . Priebus Priebus downplayed other differences between Priebus and Pence , as well . Asked if the Republican ticket would have supported the Iraq War     which Pence backed in Congress and Pence has said he opposed Trump he said the Republican ticket would have supported the Iraq War    which Pence backed in Congress and Trump " You the Republican ticket would have supported the Iraq War    which Pence backed in Congress and Trump have to ask them . "   And the Republican ticket would have supported the Iraq War    which Pence backed in Congress and Trump Trump ’s proposed temporary ban Trump Muslims entering the United States , Priebus insisted that Trump ’s position has evolved Trump more targeted ban on travel from countries that are terrorist safe havens , and has nothing to do with religion .   Pence , who ’d initially called Trump ’s proposal " offensive and unconstitutional , " backed Trump ’s updated position in an Trump Fox News after being selected as Trump ’s running mate . " I Trump supportive of Donald Trump ’s call to temporarily suspend immigration Trump where terrorist influence and impact represents a threat to the United States , " Pence said . Pence added : " What I ’ve heard from Pence Trump , and I believe the position he Trump that resonates with millions of Americans , Trump that we ’ve got to find out what ’s going on , and we ’ve got to do something different , and we we got to put the safety and security of we American people first . " Priebus also denied reports that Trump was waffling over his selection of Pence late Thursday Trump , even after Priebus had called Pence and offered him the vice presidential Priebus .   Pence I spoke Priebus him , I mean , multiple times that day . Priebus know what he was thinking , " Priebus said . " He Priebus with Pence , he Priebus Pence was the Priebus pick , Pence that Priebus where Pence head and heart were at . "   Priebus Priebus in an interview on ABC ’s " This Priebus " with George Stephanopoulos , again downplayed differences between Trump and Pence , this time over Planned Parenthood     which Pence Pence previously said he ’d support shutting down by Pence the federal government George Stephanopoulos the organization . " Most Americans agree that federal money , their tax money , should n’t be used to help Most Americans for abortions . And so that piece alone is something the American people are with us on , " Priebus said . " As far as whether Planned Parenthood , you know , provides , you know Planned Parenthood or things like that , that ’s something that gets in the middle , " he said . " But I think you focus in on Priebus , I think most Americans are with us . But they also look to the top of the us . " most Americans an interview on " Fox News Sunday , " Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort conceded that " this team is not going to see     on everything . "   " Trump never said he wanted a ’yes’ man as vice president , " Manafort Trump . " He wanted somebody who was experienced , Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort who was successful Trump someone who could help him achieve the objectives in Washington . Gov. Pence does that Trump " 
 