Following up on a campaign promise that appealed directly to his Rust Belt base ,    Donald J. Trump said Thursday that   Donald J. Trump had reached out to the Carrier air conditioner company in Indiana to ask the Carrier air conditioner company in Indiana not to move more than 2 , 000 factory jobs from Indiana to Mexico . In a post on Twitter Thursday morning ,   Donald J. Trump said : " I am working hard , even on Thanksgiving , trying to get Carrier A. C. Company to stay in the U. S. ( Indiana Indiana . MAKING PROGRESS    Will know soon ! " During both the primary and general election campaigns , Mr.   Donald J. Trump cited the February decision by Carrier and Carrier A. C. Company corporate Carrier A. C. Company , United Technologies , to close two Indiana factories Indiana move production to Mexico as an example of how Nafta and other    agreements had failed American workers . In a recent New York Times article , workers at one plant in Indianapolis warned that they would workers at one plant in Indianapolis their support workers at one plant in Indianapolis Mr. Trump if he did Mr. Trump keep his promise Mr. Trump bring back overseas jobs . The two plants   —    a Carrier factory employing more than 1 , 400 workers in Indianapolis and Indianapolis United Technologies plant with 700 employees in Huntington   —    are profitable , but pay workers $ 15 to $ 26 an hour   —    about what the company ’s workers in Monterrey , Mexico , earn in a day . In a time of slow economic growth and intense pressure from Wall Street to improve profits , moving production south of the border seemed like too good of an opportunity for United Technologies’ executives to pass up . However , a shaky video of the announcement on the Carrier factory floor   —    and the furious reaction of workers   —    went viral in February . It caught Mr. Trump ’s attention , prompting a furor throughout the campaign . In a tweet Thursday after Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , Carrier confirmed Carrier the    had reached out , but refused to say what steps , if any , management was now considering . " Carrier has Carrier discussions with the incoming administration and we look Carrier to working together , " the company Carrier " Nothing to announce at this time . " For workers in Indianapolis , the Twitter exchange provided a ray of hope on an otherwise anxious Thanksgiving holiday . " Everyone is posting about it on Facebook and there ’s a lot of excitement , " said Paul Roell , who Mr. Roell a little more optimistic now , " he said . " Others are saying , let ’s see if he ’s really going to do this . " " I was very Mr. Trump to see it on Thanksgiving today , " Mr. Trump Roell added Mr. Trump " I figured he ’d be like everyone else today , with his family , this thinking of Carrier . " Earlier in the week , Indiana state Mr. Roell had come to the factory to describe what Mr. Roell workers could expect as layoffs approach , Mr. Roell said . The first production lines are expected to shut down in August 2017 . " If he can get them to stay Mr. Roell I ’m all for it , " said Robin Maynard , a Trump supporter . " I ’m Mr. Roell he can get stuff done and also save me from having to look for a new job . " Other workers , especially those who did Robin Maynard, a Trump supporter support Mr. Trump in the election , were more skeptical . " It ’s baloney , " said Jennifer    who has worked at Carrier for a Trump a half and earns over $ 21 an hour , well above what similar    jobs pay in the area . " I could see him reaching out to Carrier , but I do n’t think anything will happen , " said Ms.    who added that she " reluctantly " Robin Maynard, a Trump supporter for Hillary Clinton this Carrier . " He can try and talk to them , and it ’s good that he mentioned it , but I think Carrier will still leave . " Robin Maynard, a Trump supporter Robin Maynard, a Trump supporter Carrier 