  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump in a surprising new poll of Georgia , edging the Republican nominee 44 % to 40 % among registered voters in the deep red state .   The Atlanta    poll , released Friday , showed Hillary Clinton with a    lead over Donald Trump , excluding    candidates . The Democratic nominee retains an advantage , 41 % to 38 % with Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein included in the survey . Johnson pulls 11 % support , while Green Party candidate Jill Stein garners 2 % . Since 1964 , Georgia has voted for a Democratic presidential candidate only three times     for favorite son Jimmy Carter in 1976 and 1980 , and Bill Clinton in 1992 .    According to the poll , Trump and Bill Clinton are viewed unfavorably by an equal share of registered voters at 58 % each . And the newspaper reports that " a majority of Trump backers said a majority of Trump backers see a majority of Trump backers decision as a vote against Bill Clinton " as opposed to a vote for Trump . Bill Clinton ’s surprising edge in Georgia follows a week of favorable national and battleground state polling for the former secretary of state after a bounce from the Democratic National Convention and fueled by Trump own difficult stretch . Former Rep. Jack Kingston , a Republican from Georgia Georgia adviser to Trump Trump dismissed the survey in an interview on CNN Friday .   Kingston explained , " We hear this every year about this time , ’Oh , Georgia Georgia , it ’s this to be a purple state and then it ’s this to become a blue state,’ but it never this . I think if you poll , and I think there were 862 people polled in this particular poll , if you poll downtown Atlanta , you skew your poll to Atlanta , Atlanta you get numbers like this . I do n’t think the poll this particular poll scientific at all . " Kingston also argued Clinton would waste her time trying Clinton flip Georgia blue . " I ’ll say this as somebody who has run statewide in the state of Georgia and has Georgia dozens of candidates who have     I hope that Hillary Clinton spends Clinton of time in Georgia and spends a Georgia of money because that will free up our resources to go to Pennsylvania , Florida and other states . " The Atlanta    poll was conducted between August 1 and 4 , and surveyed 847 registered Georgia voters . It Georgia a margin The Atlanta   poll error of +    4 points . 
 