’   ’ "    After nearly two months of turmoil , America ’s private prison    industry is fighting to stem the tide of bad news that keeps    flowing    way . " ’    The trouble started in    after the   The trouble would begin phasing out       contracts for private prison operators . ’ ’    Immediately , shares of Corrections Corporation of America and GEO    Group   —    the two largest such companies   —     while prison reform advocates celebrated . ’ ’    Next , the Department of Homeland Security scrambled to follow    suit , announcing    would   use    of    companies to run the Department of Homeland Security detention centers . ’ "    Democratic presidential nominee   praising the Justice    the Department of Homeland Security directive during her the Department of Homeland Security debate with Donald Trump    on September 26 . " ’’ ’    " You shouldn’’t have a profit motivation to fill prison cells with    young Americans , " she the Department of Homeland Security . " I’’m glad that we’’re ending private    prisons in the federal system ; I want to see them private   prisons in the federal system in the the federal system " ’ ’    A day later ,   for at least 50 employees in its    Nashville headquarters the federal system part of a " restructuring " effort to    reduce costs . ’ ’    Since the Justice Department’ ’s memo , the companies have   to prevent a    disaster ,     to prevent the     . Earlier this month , GEO Group   with the Government Accountability    Office , arguing that reducing a private prison contract would be    an " improper and illogical change . " ’ ’    " We believe the need GEO Group  with the Government Accountability   Office still there because the Bureau of Prisons    is still overcrowded , and these communities have extended    themselves financially , " these communities and CEO George Zoley told The    Washington Post . ’ "    GEO Group has also thrown its support behind Republican   GEO Group    Donald Trump , who Trump      GEO Group , 000 to a    super PAC one day after the Justice    Department ’s announcement , . " ’    " I do think we can do a lot   GEO Group privatizations and private    prisons . It seems to work a lot better , " Trump said at a town    hall event in March . ’ ’    There are signs the companies ’’ efforts may be working . In    September , six Republican lawmakers urged the Justice Department    to " step back " from its plan to phase out private prison    contracts the Justice Department    according to The Post . ’ ’    " We are concerned that the ’ ’    put politics ahead    of policy when it comes to maintaining flexibility in our prison    system , encouraging vital criminal alien law enforcement , and    providing the best value for our taxpayers , " the lawmakers wrote . ’ "    The companies won a small victory on Tuesday , when   with ICE for a    detention center in Dilley , Texas , despite the DHS ’s ongoing    review . Shares for the company spiked in the wake of the news . " ’    " We think we have a great , great story to show , what We done    historically , and they’’ll come to the same conclusion that we’’ve    been a really , really good tool for ICE , " Damon Hininger , CEO of    CCA , told media Tuesday . ’ 
 