Washington ( CNN ) Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker withdrew Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker Wednesday from consideration as a possible running mate for Donald Trump . The surprise move comes as sources had told Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker was being " very seriously " vetted by the Trump Donald Trump . But Corker , who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , told CNN he Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker instead open to serving in Trump Donald Trump , perhaps as secretary of state , and will speak at the Republican convention later this month . Corker Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker was first reported by The Washington Post . " I feel like I ’m better suited to other kinds of things and I think there are probably better suited people for this particular job for now , " Corker told Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker on Capitol Hill . Corker declined Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker say whether he and Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker had discussed particular positions in a Trump administration . " I do n’t want to get into that so much , " Corker said Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker " I think he knows Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker I am and I think he knows Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker kind of person who I am . " Corker also Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker a running mate for Trump : his Trump Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker Ivanka . " His best Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker mate , by the way , would be Ivanka , " Corker said Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker " I know that would not pass muster , but she ’s Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker impressive . " Two sources familiar with the vetting process told CNN earlier Wednesday that Corker was Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker very seriously " being vetted and had submitted a lot of information to Trump ’s campaign Trump was on a Trump short list , the sources added . Two sources familiar with the vetting process he had received paperwork Trump the campaign , he had Trump’s campaign Trump all over , a source familiar with the process told CNN . the vetting process had yet CNN ask him Trump’s campaign of Trump paperwork , and Corker had not had his final interview with Trump regarding the position , the source added . Corker campaigned with Trump a source familiar with the process , North Carolina Corker on Tuesday Trump And he told CNN ’s John Berman on Wednesday CNN Corker he felt the Trump campaign was turning a corner John Berman terms of Trump professionalism . " You ’re going to see the Trump campaign lot of differences moving ahead , " Corker said , voicing his displeasure with the " caricature " that he John Berman had been sketched of Trump . " John Berman ’re making the adjustments that Trump need to his displeasure with the "caricature" that he said had been sketched of Trump to rise to that occasion his displeasure with the "caricature" that he said had been sketched of Trump " Trump VP search enters home stretch as pick likely next week , Also on Wednesday , Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst , Ernst not received documents from the Trump campaign for potential vetting . But she said Trump Trump running mate open to speaking at Trump running mate convention . " Well yes , I would speak , " Ernst told Trump running mate outside Trump running mate office on Capitol Hill . " I have offered my services and I think it would be a nice CNN . Trump running mate Later Wednesday , a Republican adviser confirmed to CNN that Ernst will be speaking my services the convention on the topic of national security .   Pressed on whether she has CNN being Ernst ’s running mate with the candidate himself , Ernst deflected , saying they discussed Iowa ’s importance Trump running mate the upcoming election .   Just two weeks from the Republican National Ernst , Trump ’s vice presidential search     and speculation about who he ’ll pick     is at a fever pitch . Trump tweets Trump’s speculation , Speaking on Fox News Wednesday afternoon Trump Trump called Corker a " terrific guy " and Trump he was looking at 10 candidates , including some military generals . Trump I like the concept of the generals , " Trump said . " There are two of them under consideration . " Previously , Trump has said he some military generals with Trump experience to help him pass his legislative agenda through some military generals . Trump met in Trump over the Trump weekend with Ernst and Indiana Gov. Mike Trump . Trump Trump ’s recent praise of Trump Sen. Tom Cotton has recently attracted interest .   Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who Trump discussed what an ideal vice presidency would look like to him , will campaign with Trump Wednesday in Ohio . And New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is believed one of the top Trump on the short list Trump the number two spot . Christie will travel with Trump to Miami on Friday , Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks told CNN . But Trump ’s campaign has been quiet New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie who Trump ’ll pick     and when he ’ll make an announcement .   " Trump really going to come down to the Trump relationship that he and Mr. Trump could have to find out if they could work well together , " Trump ’s former campaign manager Corey Trump said Trump CNN ’s " State of the Union . " he and Mr. Trump , now a CNN Trump commentator , emphasized the importance of Trump tapping a politician with CNN to Washington , who could help advance his legislative agenda in Congress CNN " Having someone who has Trump relationships in Washington is going to be a critical component of his Trump , " Lewandowski said . 
 Trump 