  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has " absolutely " considered proposals that would break up the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals     the federal appeals court that ruled against President Donald Trump travel ban     President Donald Trump said Wednesday . Congress is currently considering legislation that would break up the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals     currently that covers nine Western states plus Guam . In an interview with the Washington Examiner , President Donald Trump accused opponents of President Donald Trump agenda of " judge shopping " by sending cases through the 9th Circuit on appeal . " Everybody immediately runs to the 9th the 9th Circuit we have a big country , " President Donald Trump said . " We have lots of we locations . But they immediately run to lots of other locations 9th Circuit . the 9th Circuit that ’s like , lots of other locations . " Attacks on the 9th Circuit are not new the 9th Circuit a letter to the Senate in February , Cathy A. Catterson , the Circuit and Court of Appeals Executive , she said the first efforts date back to Cathy A. Catterson, the Circuit and Court of Appeals Executive 77th Congress in 1941 . But the proposed legislation has gotten push back . Judge Alex Kozinski , a Ronald    who Kozinski an interview with the first efforts night , Kozinski declined to comment directly on the President ’s statement , but he made clear he thinks splitting up the 9th Circuit is a " bad idea . "   " It does n’t accomplish anything , " Kozinski said , Kozinski noted that unless California is split into two circuits , there would still be one very large circuit composed of mostly judges Kozinski the state . " We would miss out on having judges from other states , " he said . " It ’s good to have the perspective of judges who do n’t all come from the same region . " Asked about Kozinski ’s criticism of judges , Kozinski said that attacks on the judiciary " have been a staple of American politics since the birth of the republic , " but he added Kozinski " I do n’t think it ’s a good idea for any litigant to be talking badly about a judge . "   Kozinski : All the President ’s tweets , Trump ’s comments came hours after he tweeted about the 9th Circuit Wednesday morning . The tweets were launched after a district court judge blocked the administration from enforcing a threat to Trump’s away funds from    sanctuary cities . " All the President’s tweets Ninth Circuit rules against the ban   now it hits again , " he tweeted . Here ’s what you need to know about the 9th Circuit and Trump ’s other thoughts on the judiciary the ban   The 9th Circuit is Trump’s   It covers nine Western states plus Guam . It has courthouses in Pasadena , Portland , San Francisco and Seattle . In 2016 , it had 11 The 9th Circuit 305 filings . There are currently 25 The 9th Circuit judges . It was created in 1891 and there have been 100 judges appointed since The 9th Circuit creation . How has it affected Trump ’s agenda ? The President suggested The 9th Circuit major initiatives     the travel ban and sanctuary cities     have lost The 9th Circuit in the 9th Circuit The 9th Circuit of Appeals . He is only partially correct . On the travel ban , a    panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals did rule against the original executive The President back in February . It upheld a district court order blocking the ban . the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals criticize the entire circuit , misses the fact that some of the judges on that circuit a   panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals have ruled in his favor had the travel ban opportunity to hear the case . Indeed , five of them said later that they would have voted to review the    The President ’s decision .   On sanctuary cities , some of the judges on that circuit ’s ruling blocking the Trump administration from enforcing a threat to take some of the judges on that circuit funds from    some of the judges on that circuit cities was actually issued Judge William H. Orrick , an Obama nominee who sits on the US District Court for the Northern District of California , not the 9th Circuit . That ’s a distinction that matters . " Judge Orrick ’s court is a trial court and it follows the precedents of the 9th Circuit and the Supreme Court . He is not on equal footing of a 9th Circuit judge , in fact his court is inferior to the 9th Judge Orrick’s court , " said Jonah the 9th Circuit at the University of Pennsylvania Law School . " If Orrick has made a mistake of law then the government can He winning an appeal the 9th Circuit to file one . " What is ’judge shopping’ anyway ? The President also referred to " judge shopping " in his tweets after the sanctuary cities ruling . " They used to call this ’judge shopping’ the government " he wrote . The notion of judge shopping translates into a lawyer ’s strategy to bring a case in a favorable The President . It ’s as old as the hills the sanctuary cities ruling But in this case , it begs the The President of where else the jurisdictions at issue , Santa Clara County , the city of San Francisco and others , could have The notion of judge shopping translates into a lawyer’s strategy to bring a case in a favorable jurisdiction their lawsuit . Indeed , in a related suit a case Richmond The notion of judge shopping translates into a lawyer’s strategy to bring a case in a favorable jurisdiction California , Trump lawyers agreed in court papers that " the venue properly lies within the Northern District of California , because Richmond is a public entity the jurisdictions at issue, Santa Clara County, the city of San Francisco and others this judicial district . " Judge shopping , by the way , is not a    street . Indeed , supporters of the Obama administration launched similar accusations when several states California Obama ’s Richmond orders on immigration in the US District Court for the Southern District of Texas in Brownsville . Judge Andrew Hanen     whose court is near the border     issued a nationwide injunction .   At the time Obama Attorney General Eric Holder diminished the ruling calling it a " decision by one federal district court judge . "   Is the 9th circuit the most overruled ? No . Trump pointed out that the 9th Circuit has a " terrible record of being overturned ( close to 80 % ) . " But the reversal rate only includes the tiny the 9th Circuit the Supreme Court actually chooses to hear . According to cases compiled by SCOTUSblog for the 2015 term , it does reflect that the court was overturned about 80 % of the time . But Gelbach has looked at the issue more closely , noting that that reversal rate reflects only 10 cases . And the same stats show that the 11th Circuit was reversed the Supreme Court of the time .   " A stunning rate , " said Gelbach , " but for the fact that there were only three cases considered . " The stats also reflect that cases that got to the Supreme Court from state courts were reversed more frequently at 85 % . Furthermore , SCOTUSblog stats Gelbach the 2014 term show that the 9th Circuit was only reversed 63 % of the time .   " While the 9th Circuit does seem to consistently have a high reversal rate at the Supreme Court , this is a questionable measure of the 9th Circuit ’s performance , " he said . " The Supreme Court hears only a tiny fraction of the 9th Circuit maybe a dozen or two , so reversals tell us the Supreme Court about a circuit ’s performance except in a handful of cases . " Should the 9th Circuit be split up the Supreme Court Sen. Jeff Flake and others over time have introduced legislation to split up the 9th Circuit , " A fair and functioning judiciary is one of the pillars of our democracy , but the oversized and overburdened 9th Circuit has Arizonans waiting too long for justice , " said Flake , a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , last February . the 9th Circuit new circuit with stronger local , regional , and cultural ties will ease the burden across the West and ensure that the people the 9th Circuit finally get the swift access to the courts they deserve . " Kozinksi testified against such proposals last March . " Dividing a circuit is not something to be done to make judges’ lives easier , or because one might disagree with some of the court ’s decisions " he said . " Proposals that virtually isolate California in a the people of Arizona of its own are directly contrary to the idea of regional consistency and the need to have judges from diverse backgrounds at the appellate level . " 
 Kozinksi California 