Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump is still insisting that Mexico will ultimately pay billions for the construction of a massive wall along the southern border . Many Republicans on Capitol Hill are not so sure . In interviews with CNN , a number of Republicans suggested that Donald Trump claim amounted to wishful thinking , saying they a number of Republicans the billionaire businessman would ultimately backtrack on one of his the billionaire businessman campaign promises . " I doubt that they a number of Republicans going to pay for it , " said Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch , the    Senate Republican , referring to Mexico . " There ’s a lot he the billionaire businessman do if he the billionaire businessman to ( force Mexico Mexico hand ) . In all honesty , I do n’t think that ’s going to happen . " Rep. Mike Coffman , a Colorado Republican , added : " I never thought that would happen . I thought it was a gimmick . " And some conservatives warned Trump would face a backlash if he Trump to follow through . " I ’m for building a wall , " said Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama . " And I ’m for Donald Trump his promise Trump the American people that Mexico pay for it . " He added Trump he would Trump " disappointed " if Trump failed Trump deliver . House GOP sources tell CNN that Trump ’s Trump has urged Republican leaders to include funding for the wall in a spending package that must pass by April 28 in order to keep the government open . The price tag is uncertain , but some similar proposals have been projected to cost upwards of $ 10 billion . Trump insists his Trump is Trump gimmick , telling The New York Times Friday that Mexico will reimburse the United States , using negotiations over revamping the North American Free Trade Agreement as leverage against the country . Mexico also Trump warned of imposing punitive measures on Mexico if the country Mexico not Mexico " We ’re going to get reimbursed , " Trump said . " But I do n’t want to wait that long . But you start , and then you get reimbursed . " Top Republican leaders were cautious in their assessment , including Texas Top Republican leaders John Cornyn , the No . 2 Senate Republican . " Well right now , they ’re pretty uncertain as Top Republican leaders what all of this means , " Cornyn said of his constituents in his border Cornyn . He Cornyn he urged Trump Cornyn nominee Cornyn secretary of the treasury , Steve Mnuchin , to " make sure there are n’t any unintended consequences of this . " " About 6 million American jobs depend on    trade with Mexico , " Cornyn told CNN . Some Cornyn conservatives also were skeptical . Asked if he believed that Trump would Cornyn in persuading Trump’s to pay for the Mexico , Rep. Dave Brat of Virginia said : " Not in some big , they ’re going to hand Not in some big a big check    . " But he added : " There Rep. Dave Brat of Virginia be a policy in place where we can compensate the cost they ’re imposing . " Not in some big getting the funding bill through Congress could be difficult . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Friday the plan would be a " tough sell " to Democrats . And Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer is waiting to discuss the matter more fully with his caucus , but he Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer have the power Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer block the measure in the Senate the plan kept Senate Senate in line Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer it Senate But if Congress ends the plan stuck with the tab , it ’s clear some conservatives may not be happy . " I ’m for securing the border for the American people , and we ’re going to be sure we get that done , " said we Jim Jordan ,    a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus . Asked if that meant he ’d support Trump ’s plan to a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus Congress pay for it first , Jordan deadpanned : " I did n’t Rep. Jim Jordan that . " And he walked into an elevator . 
 Rep. Jim Jordan 