Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee are pushing a new fundraising effort to tap    for the November election . The effort , spearheaded by two new fundraising committees , will allow donors to contribute up to $ 449 , 000 to the Republican campaign . [ The creation of the    " joint fundraising committees " allow donors to underwrite campaign efforts supporting Donald Trump far beyond the $ 2 , 700 individual limit for contributions directly to the Republican campaign .   The two newly created funds , Trump Victory and Donald Trump Make America Great Again Committee , are joint efforts between the Donald Trump campaign , the RNC and 11 state Republican party committees . These The two newly created funds, Trump Victory and Trump Make America Great Again Committee, are joint efforts between the Trump campaign, the RNC and 11 state Republican party committees share the funds donated to the new committees . The the Republican campaign collect the first $ 5 , 400 from each donation , half of which is earmarked to pay the campaign ’s the Republican campaign costs . The remainder of the donations will be split between the RNC and the individual state parties , to cover      efforts , voter contact and outreach and " party building " activities . Each state party is able to accept $ 10 , 000 from individuals through its own federal election account Each state party The 11 state parties participating in the joint fundraising effort are Arkansas , Connecticut , Louisiana , Mississippi , New Jersey , New York , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia , and Wyoming . As a result , $ 110 , 000 of any contribution to the joint fundraising effort would be split among the state parties . Only one of these states , Virginia , is a battleground state in the Presidential contest in November . State parties , however , can transfer unlimited amounts to other state party campaign efforts . Money raised by the Mississippi Republican party as part of the    effort , for example , could be transferred to the Republican party in Florida , which is expected to be a battleground contest . The effort is similar to the   effort efforts created to support John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 . Of the just over $ 1 billion raised by Republicans in 2012 for the election , more than    was collected through the    efforts . The Romney campaign    raised just over Mitt Romney 300 million , while the joint fundraising effort netted just over $ 700 million . The Romney joint fundraising effort , the joint fundraising effort 75 , 000 limit on donations , far less than the $ 449 , 000 limit on the    effort . The higher limit is due to a Supreme Court ruling a $75, 000 limit on donations, far less than the $449, 000 limit on the   effort aggregate caps on individuals , and a statutory provision tucked into a 2014 appropriations bill that allows both national party committees to create new fundraising committees . Hillary Clinton and the Democrats have exploited the new rules even more aggressively . The Clinton campaign and DNC have signed joint fundraising agreements with 32 Hillary Clinton and the Democrats National Committee has also created new campaign accounts , allowing an individual to contribute up to $ 1 . 1 million to support Clinton and the Democrats this Fall . The announcement of the joint Hillary Clinton effort between Trump and the the Democrats the new normal in American Presidential politics . It also , however , signals Trump ’s assumption of leadership of the national Republican party . The announcement of the joint fundraising effort between Trump and the RNC political fortunes of Trump and Trump RNC are now inextricably intertwined . 
 Trump Trump and the RNC the RNC 