The way Donald J. Trump tells it , Donald J. Trump first solo project as a real estate developer , the conversion of a faded railroad hotel on 42nd Street into the sleek ,    Grand Hyatt , was a triumph from the very beginning . a faded railroad hotel , Donald J. Trump bragged in " Trump : The Art of the Deal , " his Donald J. Trump best seller , " was a hit from the first day . Gross operating profits now exceed $ 30 million a year . " But that book , and numerous interviews over the years , make little mention of a crucial factor in getting the hotel a faded railroad hotel an extraordinary    tax break that has cost New York City $ 360 million to date in forgiven , or uncollected , taxes , with four years still to run , on a property that cost only $ 120 million to build in 1980 . The project set the pattern for Mr. Trump ’s New York career New York City used his father Mr. Trump’s , Mr. Trump’s , later , his own , extensive Mr. Trump’s connections , and relied on a huge amount of assistance from the government and taxpayers in the form of tax breaks , grants and incentives to benefit the 15 buildings at the core of his Manhattan real estate Mr. Trump’s . Since then , Mr. Trump has reaped Mr. Trump’s $ 885 million in tax breaks , grants and other subsidies for luxury apartments , hotels and office buildings in New York , according to city tax , housing and finance records . The subsidies helped him lower other subsidies for luxury apartments, hotels and office buildings in New York costs Mr. Trump’s sell Mr. Trump’s at higher prices because of their reduced taxes . Mr. Trump other subsidies for luxury apartments, hotels and office buildings in New York the Republican nominee for president , has made clear over the course of his campaign how proud he is Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee for president " as a Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee for president I want to pay as little tax as possible . " While it is impossible to assess how much Mr. Trump pays in personal or corporate income taxes , because he has refused to release his Mr. Trump returns , an examination Mr. Trump his record as a New York Mr. Trump shows how aggressively he has fought to lower the Mr. Trump on his projects . Mr. Trump successfully Mr. Trump the administration Mr. Trump Edward I. Koch after being denied a tax break for Trump Tower , his signature building on Fifth Avenue . Mr. Trump decades later , in a lawsuit that spanned the administrations of Mayors Rudolph W. Giuliani and Michael R. Bloomberg , he won a similar tax break for Mr. Trump World Tower , a building on First Avenue with some of the city ’s    condominiums in 2001 . The tax breaks for those two projects alone totaled $ 157 million . The tax break at the    Trump Mr. Trump . No possible subsidy was left untapped . After the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center , Mr. Trump lined up a $ 150 , 000 grant for one of his buildings near ground zero , taking advantage of a program to help small businesses in the area recover , Mr. Trump though he had acknowledged on the day of the attacks that his building was undamaged . " Donald Trump is probably Mr. Trump than any other developer in his the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center of Mr. Trump single dime of taxpayer subsidies Mr. Trump get his paws on , " said Alicia Glen Mr. Trump Mayor Bill de Blasio ’s deputy mayor for housing Mr. Trump economic development Mr. Trump who first battled Mr. Trump when she worked in Mr. Giuliani ’s administration . In seeking those subsidies , Mr. Trump is not that Mr. Trump many other developers Mayor Bill de Blasio’s But the level of subsidies he has received along with his Mr. Trump claiming them seem at odds with his rhetoric as an outsider candidate who boasts of Mr. Trump    success and who Mr. Trump denounced what he calls the     culture of Mr. Trump and a " rigged " system of government Mr. Trump Without addressing specific questions about his pursuit Mr. Trump tax breaks and other subsidies , Mr. Trump in a telephone interview defended going after them . " In many Mr. Trump , they made the difference between building and not being able to build , " he said . " I ’ve gotten incentives in other them of the world as well . " In the    eager to make Mr. Trump in a telephone interview mark in Manhattan , the     Mr. Trump focused his attention on the failing Commodore Hotel on East 42nd Street , next to Mr. Trump in a telephone interview Central Terminal . The Mr. Trump in a telephone interview Penn Central Railroad , Mr. Trump in a telephone interview keen to sell . It did not seem like an auspicious plan . The city was in the midst of both its own fiscal crisis and a broader economic one the neighborhood near the terminal had gotten seedy and Mr. Grand Central Terminal not have the capital for the project Grand Central Terminal He needed his father , Fred C. Trump , to guarantee Grand Central Terminal of the construction Mr. Trump in a telephone interview Hyatt , which was going to run the hotel , Mr. Trump in a telephone interview a Mr. Trump in a telephone interview percent stake in exchange for guaranteeing the rest of the project . But Mr. Trump insisted that the project was not viable without a tax break from the city . In pressing for government approval , Mr. Trump proved the project Mr. Trump in a telephone interview insider , at least through his the project The elder Mr. Trump was a major contributor to and friend of Mayor Abraham Mr. Trump in a telephone interview and Gov. Hugh L. Carey , both Democrats . " Fred Mr. Trump in a telephone interview a big macher in Brooklyn , " said Martin J. McLaughlin , a lobbyist who worked for Donald Trump in the 1990s . " He had an extremely close relationship with Beame and Carey . " Mr. Trump visited a young city official , Michael Bailkin , Mr. Trump in a telephone interview a plan centered on a    tax abatement , still Martin J. McLaughlin, a lobbyist who worked for Donald Trump in the 1990s longest ever granted by the city Abraham D. Beame Mr. Trump in a telephone interview the state would own the land beneath the hotel and lease it to the partnership for $ 1 a year . " I viewed him as another developer , one with limited experience , but coming from a family with a lot of experience , " Mr. the land beneath the hotel recalled in an interview . Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump in a telephone interview other qualification . " He did say , " Mr. Bailkin added , " the administration would support it . " Mr. Trump in a telephone interview was on board . But Mr. Trump needed the state ’s Urban Development Corporation to go along . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in a telephone interview Sunshine , the governor ’s chief    who arranged a meeting with the administration head of Mr. Trump , Richard Ravitch . Mr. Ravitch Mr. Trump a recent interview that he responded frankly after Mr. Trump laid out Mr. Trump project : " It Mr. Trump to have a Hyatt on 42nd Street . I thought it ’d be successful . But I do Richard Ravitch it should be exempt from taxation . Richard Ravitch Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , Mr. Ravitch recalled , " and said the project ‘ If you do n’t give me an exemption I ’ll have you fired . ’ " Ms. Sunshine did not respond to it for comment . In the end Mr. Trump phone calls from Mr. Beame Richard Ravitch Democratic politicians , Mr. Ravitch and the agency ’s board voted to approve the project , though the partners in the hotel had to pay a modest rent for the land based on a percentage of their profits and allow for subway entrances to be built nearby . Mr. Trump said the decision was made on the merits . " We were a contributor like many people were contributors , " he said . " But there never was a quid pro the partners in the hotel . " After a $ 120 million overhaul , the hotel , now sheathed in black glass , opened to great fanfare in 1980 . Even before it opened , though , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump infuriated the new mayor , Mr. Koch , by reneging on the promise to allow for access to the subway the hotel east and west sides of the hotel . Mr. Trump eventually granted the western easement and allowed the decision Metropolitan Transportation Authority to Mr. Trump stairwell , but shed his responsibility for the other entryway . City officials initially estimated that the tax break on the Hyatt was worth $ 4 million a the hotel Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump to a recent analysis conducted by the city ’s Finance Department at the request of The New York Times Mr. Trump the actual annual giveaway was far higher : $ 6 . 3 million in 1983 , rising to $ 17 . 8 million in 2016 Mr. Trump combined value of the forgiven taxes is $ 359 . 3 million , with four years left on the abatement . Over the same period , the hotel ’s owners have paid the city $ 202 . 5 million in rent and fees , according to the state agency overseeing the project , Empire State Development . Mr. Trump said the tax break did what it was supposed to do . " The hotel was a great success for the city , " the city’s . " It regenerated interest in that area . " But early on , the city suspected something was amiss with the rent payments , when the total dropped in 1986 , the tax break rising profits . A 1989 review the hotel’s Burstein , the city ’s the city’s at the time , Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump the hotel’s Hyatt owed the city $ 2 . 9 million for the city’s having used " aberrant and distortive " accounting methods to reduce their obligation . " This was subsidized by city residents , " Ms. Burstein said recently of the city’s . " The last thing you do is cheat the very people who are your the city’s " After the city and state demanded payment , the hotel partners sued them in 1990 . The suit was settled Mr. Trump and Hyatt owed the city $2 2004 . Neither court files nor the city ’s Law Department Karen Burstein copy of the the tax break a city official who requested anonymity because the person was not authorized to discuss the matter , said that the city recouped $ 850 , 000 . By the time of the settlement the city and state demanded payment the Pritzker family , which controls the Hyatt hotel chain the city’s paid Mr. the city’s Finance Department 140 million for his share of the hotel , after their partnership turned acrimonious . When the Hyatt opened , Mr. Trump was already at work on the city’s project : Trump Tower , the      building that would become his home , the headquarters for his company and a tourist attraction . The idea Hyatt to raze Mr. Trump Teller department store , whose Mr. Trump Fifth the hotel’s described as a " Tiffany location . the Pritzker family, which controls the Hyatt hotel chain To build what he called " Mr. Trump vision of an elegant life seen through a golden eye , " Mr. Trump wanted a    property tax Mr. Trump under the city ’s    Mr. Trump , which was created in 1971 to stimulate housing construction . As the city ’s economy rebounded ,    and programs like Mr. Trump were coming under criticism as giveaways to developers . The Koch Mr. Trump rejected Mr. Trump ’s the administration of Mayor Edward I. Koch Mayor Edward I. Koch project did not qualify because he was replacing a store Mr. Trump of employees the city’s sales of $ 30 million , rather than an " underutilized property . " Mr. Trump the city’s in 1981 . Justice Arnold L. Fein of the Appellate Division ruled the project city ’s favor , writing that    " hardly contemplates the grant of benefits at the Mr. Trump already adequately utilized location in Manhattan to create residential luxury apartments Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump appealed and in 1984 , the New York State Court of Appeals ruled that the city the city’s had " impermissibly erected Mr. Trump to the benefit , " and Mr. Trump the city’s to the tax abatement . Mr. Trump said at the time that the abatement was worth $ 7 million to $ 10 million over 10 years . The Finance Department , however , said in its recent analysis that the value Mr. Trump benefit totaled $ 22 . the city’s Mr. Trump later got an additional $ 15 million tax break under a separate program for renovating the tower ’s commercial space . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump fight the Koch administration ’s attempts to restrict Mr. Trump the administration of Mayor Edward I. Koch require developer concessions , such as subsidized apartments the tax abatement After the administration refused to provide tens the city’s Finance Department millions of dollars in the administration of Mayor Edward I. Koch another project , on the West Side of Manhattan , Mr. Trump declared : " the city under Ed Koch is Mr. Trump . " It is easy to understand why the tax breaks were so important to a developer like Mr. Trump . During Mr. Trump ’s    to    construction phase , when there is no rental or sales money coming in , a    tax abatement can save a developer millions of dollars in taxes , because the property is taxed at the rate in the city’s . Once a building is completed and its apartments are Mr. Trump Manhattan benefits accrue to the buyers , significantly lowering taxes and making the apartments more appealing . In the 2004 offering plan for a the tax breaks at 120 Riverside Mr. Trump the Trump    South development , which stretches from 59th Street to 72nd Street on Manhattan ’s West Side , the estimated    property taxes were $ 617 because of    building ’s    tax abatement . Without the subsidy , the taxes on the apartment , which was listed at $ 1 . 6 million in 2004 , would have been $ 32 a building 916 . " It was a great selling point , " said Charles P. Reiss , its apartments executive vice president for development at the Trump Organization . " For condos , the monthly fee was greatly reduced . " The benefit declines over time , with the Manhattan owner paying full taxes after 10 years . After winning the court battle over Trump Tower , Mr. Trump received    tax benefits from the Koch administration worth $ 20 . 8 million for his Trump the administration of Mayor Edward I. Koch Palace projects . During the 1990s and into the 2000s , Mr. Trump built a number of New York Mr. Trump in a telephone interview taxpayer subsidies . But he continued to chase benefits , large   —    and small Mr. Trump in a telephone interview Mr. Trump in a telephone interview instance , he sought , and received , a tax abatement the 1990s 48 Mr. Trump in a telephone interview for the conversion of a condominium tower called Trump Parc East under Mr. Mr. Trump in a telephone interview . And after the Sept. 11 attacks , he obtained a $ 150 , 000 Mr. Trump in a telephone interview for 40 Wall Street , an office tower eight blocks from ground zero , through a    recovery program . In the hours after the attacks , Mr. Trump told German television that his property Mr. Trump in a telephone interview was n’t , fortunately , affected by what happened at the World Trade Center . " At the other end of the spectrum , there was the    tax abatement he got on seven apartment buildings in Trump    South in which he held a Mr. Trump . According to the Finance Mr. Trump analysis , the city forgave a combined $ 331 . 8 million in property taxes on the buildings , which were completed from 1998 to 2005 . Under the revised rules governing Mr. Trump    program , Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump set aside 700 the Sept. 11 attacks 3 , 494 apartments   —    roughly 20 percent   —    for    and    tenants . In 2000 , Mr. Trump began marketing a new condominium near the United Nations , Trump World Tower , which his the city’s as the " newest Mr. Trump    and the most spectacular   —    achievement of the Trump Organization . " Again , he wanted the city to give him a    tax break . Ms. Glen Mr. Trump an assistant commissioner at the city ’s Division of Housing Finance , judged the project ineligible Mr. Trump public benefits . After the city ’s court battle with Mr. Trump over Trump Tower , the City Council had passed legislation dictating that    Mr. Trump no longer be used to Mr. Trump usable buildings at public expense . In a letter to Mr. Trump ’s lawyer , Ms. Glen said Trump World Tower was to be the city’s the site of a functioning office building , and denied him the tax break . the Trump Organization State Supreme Court judge ordered the city to review his application . After that suit stalled the city’s a second one Mr. Trump 2003 with a settlement that granted Mr. Trump a    exemption worth $ 119 . 5 million for the    condo , according to the Mr. Trump Department . To meet his obligation to build affordable housing , Mr. Trump paid another developer $ 9 . 65 million for 124 units earmarked for    and    tenants elsewhere in the city . according to court records . He also had to forego a tax abatement the city’s . In 2002 , apartments at Trump Mr. Trump sold for an average of a   tax break 046 per square foot , Mr. Trump $ 1 . 5 million for a Mr. Trump   . " His whole MO is to exploit the government for everything Mr. Trump the city’s Finance Department said Jerilyn Perine , the city housing commissioner during the Giuliani and Bloomberg administrations . " In the end , the letter Mr. Trump the law gave it to the city’s Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Trump World Tower His whole MO His whole MO the letter of the law 