The Republican presidential candidates debate tonight in North Charleston , South Carolina less than three weeks before the Iowa caucuses .   Carly Fiorina , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum will participate in the undercard debate , which starts at 6 PM EST on Fox Business Network . Sen. Rand Paul ( ) was bumped from the main even and will boycott the undercard debate, which starts at 6 PM EST on Fox Business Network . Donald Trump , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Ben Carson , Jeb Bush , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Ohio Governor John Kasich will be in the main event . Cruz and Trump are in a dead heat in Iowa . And both Cruz and Trump to be careful to not alienate potential crossover supporters in the debate if they Cruz and Trump the other . Trump Trump raised the issue of whether Cruz Cruz a "   citizen " who is qualified to be President and Cruz Cruz the chance to put the issue to rest on the national state . Cruz Cruz been attacking Trump Trump " New York values , " and it will be interesting to see whether Cruz Cruz for a knockout punch , which could also leave himself Cruz to a counterpunch that could KO him Cruz against Trump Trump Cruz Cruz to win Iowa in order to have as much momentum as possible going into the " SEC primary . " Cruz Cruz organization in the South puts him Cruz a strong position to do well , but he Cruz to still be viable by then . Though Trump Trump a huge lead in New Hampshire , one can argue that it Trump has a huge lead in New Hampshire complete sense for his Cruz to go    in Iowa and seek to effectively end the GOP primary with a big win there . Messrs. Bush , Christie , Kasich , and Rubio are battling in New New Hampshire emerge as the trying to emerge as the establishment ’s     alternative . And they may Messrs. Bush, Christie, Kasich, and Rubio less on the frontrunners and more on highlighting their differences Messrs. Bush, Christie, Kasich, and Rubio Carson , who has faded after being at the top of the polls and whose campaign is on the ropes , must save his candidacy and needs a moment in this debate that will allow him to his so . Because there are fewer candidates on stage , viewers may finally get a much more substantive    devoid of much of the " freak show " elements of politics . Trish Regan and Sandra Smith will moderate the undercard debate . Neil Cavuto and Maria Bartiromo will moderate the main event . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates . Closing Statements : Trump says he stood Trump with 75 construction workers who are tough , strong , great people . He says Trump of them had 75 construction workers who are tough, strong, great people pouring down their face 75 construction workers who are tough, strong, great people the humiliation of our young ten sailors in Iran . He said Trump was a " terrible sight " and " there wo n’t be stupid deals anymore " and " we will win on everything we do we if he is Trump . Cruz says that " 13 Hours " will debut tomorrow about the brave men who fought for their lives in Benghazi and the politicians who betrayed them . their blasts Cruz for not saying " radical Islamic terrorism " and sending billions to Iran . He blasts Cruz for apologizing for saying " all lives matter . " Cruz says Cruz this will end on January 2017″ and he will Cruz the backs of soldiers , sailors , airmen , marines , police officers , and first responders , and firefighters who risk their lives to keep us safe . " Rubio says America was founded on the principle that our rights come from God and not from government . Rubio says Rubio he travels Rubio country America tell him that Rubio feel like people are being people behind . He says Rubio reason is simple —   in 2008 , America elected a president who wants to change America instead of America America and make America more like the rest of the world . Rubio accuses Obama of undermining the Constitution and betraying our allies . A solid closing argument from Rubio . Carson Rubio that in his recent travels Carson the country , America encountered so Carson Americans who are discouraged and angry because America ’s freedoms are America away . He says " we Carson not going to solve this problem with traditional politics " but with " we the people . " Carson says we will Carson heal we inspire , and revive " America for our children America Christie we he his thinking about Christie Christie who watched Obama talk about fantasyland when they know that the country is not America . He says Obama does n’t Christie their Obama and Christie will Obama be a Christie for this country again . " America about   how he Christie been a fighter his Christie life . He says Christie will make America Christie more exceptional by making America Hillary Clinton never gets in the White House . Bush says results count and Americans Christie count on him to keep America " safer Christie stronger , America . " He cites his record in Florida Christie his Christie detailed plans " on Christie . Bush asks for support to build Christie a safer , stronger America . Kasich says he has America to give voice Christie people who grew up with him and those who elected him Christie He talks about welfare Christie , Kasich reform , taking on special interests in the nursing home industry in Ohio . He says that ’s who is Kasich his mind ’s eye and he Kasich continue to fight for Kasich who think they can get their voice back those who think they can get their voice back 11:07 PM those who think they can get their voice back Bartiromo finally asks Rubio about immigration . She says under current law , Bartiromo is on pace to issue more green cards in the next five years than the entire population of South Carolina . She notes that the CBO found Bartiromo his " Gang of Eight " bill would have increased green cards by another ten million . She asks him bluntly , " Bartiromo are his so interested in opening up borders to foreigners when American workers have a hard enough time finding work ? " Rubio says the issue has been debated for 30 years . His mind is spinning on how Rubio avoid answering the question . He says the immigration question has Rubio be the question safe . He says radical Islamic Jihadists are Rubio doctors , engineers , and even fiancees . He says America ’s top priority Rubio be to not America ISIS get terrorists into the United States . Bartiromo just asked the America had to , but the question terrible    job . Bartiromo debate could have had a very substantive discussion on    but , predictably , viewers did not get that .    says the issue is a dramatically different issue than it was 24 months ago . He says the entire legal the issue system must be reexamined for Rubio reasons . Cruz says " radical Islamic terrorism was not invented 24 months ago , " He notes that he stood with Messrs.    to stop Rubio Rubio amnesty bill Rubio " border security is national security Rubio Rubio accuses Cruz of having supported doubling the number of green cards Rubio increasing Cruz by 500 % . Rubio says Cruz used to support legalizing illegal immigrants and birthright citizenship Rubio " Cruz you oppose it . " He says that is not " consistent conservatism . " He slams Rubio for calling Snowden a " great public servant . Rubio He Cruz every time there is a defense bill in the Senate Rubio Rand Paul , Bernie Sanders , and Cruz team up to vote against it . Cruz says he appreciates Cruz dumping his    folder . a defense bill in the Senate says Cruz Rubio Cruz with    on Cruz and he stood Cruz   . Rubio points out that Rubio still supports Rubio for illegal immigrants , Cruz Rubio to task Rubio holding Rubio accountable in a way that the Rubio should have . Immigration Rubio the top issue in the GOP primary . There should have been much more time devoted to a substantive debate on the matter . Absolutely terrible . 11:05PM :    Paul Protesters briefly interrupt Cavuto as Neil Cavuto asks Kasich a question about Chicago ’s Kasich to retrain police Paul Protesters to not use their guns as quickly . He says he created a task Kasich police officers Kasich together law enforcement , community members , the clergy , etc . Kasich says they sat down as Kasich group and gave him 23 recommendations . One of Kasich , he says , is statewide guidelines Kasich the use of they force . Another is on hiring and recruiting and more resources for training . He says there needs to be Kasich integration between   . He says the community needs to Kasich that the police officer wants to get home at night and not to lose their life   and the police needs to understand that there are people in the community think the system does n’t work for them and actually the community them the entire legal immigration system says people need to realize Kasich people in the community is fine but violence people in the community wrong . 11:03 PM : Cavuto asks Neil Cavuto about violent crime spiking in Christie across the country and what he would America address that and Christie concerns police have about being sued , etc . Christie says FBI Director Jim Comey said Christie chill wind is blowing through law enforcement because Obama and both of his attorneys general Obama gives the benefit Obama the doubt to the criminal and not the police officer . " Christie says Obama believes " law enforcement Christie the Obama guys . " Christie says " sanctuary cities are a Christie of the problem . " He blasts Obama for not enforcing marijuana Christie . Obama says he would appoint an Attorney Christie and Christie order his AG to enforce the " law Christie everyone justly , aggressively , fairly " and let police officers know " how proud we are of them . " 11 PM : Bartiromo asks Trump how Trump it everyone be to police officers himself from Bartiromo    and prioritize America ’s interest first . " Bartiromo America Bartiromo , I could n’t care less about my company . It ’s peanuts , " Trump says Trump He says Trump wants Trump his AG rich and great again and he America Trump children Trump the company . " I ’m going America it for America , " Trump says Trump Trump says America children Trump executives would run his    Trump would not care about anything except America . 10:49 : Rubio is Rubio about America reform . Rubio says Rubio tax issue is related to the entitlement issue . He differentiates Rubio from Rubio by Cruz he will Rubio have a    tax . Rubio says Rubio VAT tax is a way to " blindfold the people so the true cost of government is a   tax them . " Rubio says Rubio is there to prevent a future liberal    from raising the income tax and the people VAT tax , if it is instituted . He says Rubio is Rubio to side with Ronald Reagan and not Nancy Pelosi on the issue . Cruz says Cruz " Marco has been floating this attack for a few weeks , the entitlement issue his " Rubio flat tax " is not a VAT tax . Cruz says Cruz 16 % business flat tax will allow for the death tax , the corporate income tax , the payroll tax his "business flat tax" says Cruz tax Cruz gives every American a his "business flat tax" rate of 10 % ( he says Cruz ’s Rubio tax rate is 35 % ) and enables Americans to fill out Rubio on a postcard " so we can abolish the IRS " while Rubio ’s Rubio the IRS in place . " We need to break the Washington Americans Rubio he says Rubio " And the only way to do it is to end all the subsidies and all the mandates and have a simple flat tax . " Cruz says Cruz Art Laffer has praised Cruz ’s Cruz as the best . Rubio claims that Rubio is not Rubio describing his plan because Cruz will be some agency that will collect what he says is Rubio ’s VAT Cruz He warns against a Rubio    raising the    tax . " his tax plan have Europe , " he says . Christie Rubio he is the only Rubio on the stage Christie put forth a detailed entitlement reform program that Cruz’s VAT tax    without raising taxes . 10:47 : Carson is asked about U. S. companies having $ 2 Carson overseas . He is asked what he will do stop companies from Carson America because of Carson high corporate tax rate . Carson talks up his flat tax plan America He says America we have Carson stop spending so much Carson " and fix the taxation system , get rid of regulations because " every regulation is a tax on goods and services " and " it ’s the most regressive tax there is . " Carson says the " evil government " and not the Carson evil rich people " that are destroying the economy . Trump adds Trump corporate inversion is one of the biggest problems we have . 10:45 : Bartiromo asks Christie what his plan is to fix America ’s infrastructure Christie raising taxes . Bartiromo says a America Bartiromo 75 % tax on America Christie will be dedicated to building up Ameriaca ’s infrastructure and creating more his flat tax plan . Christie says Obama has " penalized corporations in America " and Christie that Obama is hurt    taxpayers . America says Trump would be a " weak president . " His " " jab on Jeb was KO shot . Trump blasts Trump New York Times for saying that he would Trump a 45 % tariff on China . He says Trump China has " total control Jeb North Korea and they Jeb solve the problem of North Korea if they wanted to " but instead they " taunt us . " He says Trump is " ripping us China tried , they are devaluing their currencies , and they ’re killing our companies North Korea He says they has lost    million jobs they of China and cites America ’s China 5 . 5 billion us deficit with China they Trump says they have great economic they over China and if we wanted America use that   …      He says Trump China % tariff figure would balance China ’s devaluing its currency . Caveat China Trump whether Trump would Trump open to tariffs on China goods , and , he rarely Trump the question as Cavuto tries Neil Cavuto pin him down Trump Trump says China China taxes China when it deals Trump American goods . Trump says Trump " we do n’t have an equal playing field , " we do n’t have to lose $ 5 . 5 billion for the China of trading with China . Trump says Trump he is Trump open to a tariff " if China does n’t treat us fairly . we says Trump is Trump free trader but this is " not fair trade . " China are asked whether America should push the pause button on Muslim immigration : China America he is for a pause on Syrian refugees but Kasich we Kasich n’t want to put everybody in the same category America " Christie says we should take no Syrian refugees of any kind Christie we can not guarantee proper vetting . But he says that " you ca n’t just ban all Muslims Christie You have to ban radical Islamic Jihadists . " Rubio says that Obama Rubio underestimated the threat of we Islam . " If Obama do not know who you are and we do not know why you are coming , when I am president , you are not getting into the United States of America . Another    from professional politician America need a     America is focused on we this country safe . He says we pass legislation that strips citizenship from Americans Cruz America fight with ISIS . The Senator does n’t really answer the question and Cruz like a Senator , but ends by saying " we will not let in refugees controlled Cruz and we " ( more    to say this first ) . Carson says there needs to be new guidelines for   . Bush says we should destroy Carson by creating    zones and    for the refugees . Jeb to Trump : ISIS You Reconsider Temporary Muslim Ban , Cruz : Trump is asked Trump his temporary Muslim Trump . Bartiromo asks if there is anything he has heard that makes ISIS want to rethink his position . Trump , who always answers Bartiromo question , simple and directly Bartiromo , " no . Bartiromo " We have Bartiromo stop Temporary Muslim Ban We have to get down to creating a country that is not going to have the problems we ’ve had with people flying planes into the World Trade Centers   …      with the shootings in California . " Trump mentions that Trump said " Trump " and We " permanently . " Trump says some Trump his Muslim friends Trump thanked him for highlighting We problem in Islam . " We have a serious problem . We ca n’t be the stupid country anymore , " Trump says . Trump asks Trump to reconsider Trump it makes America build the coalition to take out ISIS . " I hope you ’ll reconsider , " Jeb says . Cruz All Muslims . Seriously ? What We of signal does that send to the rest of the world that the United States is a serious player in creating peace and security . " ISIS again says Trump ’s comments Trump unhinged . Jeb Cavuto asks Neil Cavuto all the people who agree with Trump are " unhinged Trump " and Jeb responds , " absolutely not . " When Cavuto points Neil Cavuto that Trump ’s poll numbers Trump after his Jeb Neil Cavuto ban , Trump responds , " 11 Trump in South Carolina . " The man Neil Cavuto polls . Neil Cavuto says he ’s tired of Trump Jeb Trump going on at the border and " I want security for this country . We have a serious problem with   … Temporary Muslim Ban We have a tremendous problem . " America he wants to find Trump why Trump two horrible people in San Bernardino murdered the innocent people who threw them a baby shower and why their neighbors did n’t call the police . He says the police are the Trump most mistreated people " in this country . We There ’s something going on and it ’s bad , and I ’m saying we have to get to America of it . " 10:14 : Carson the two horrible people in San Bernardino the Obama administration does not the two horrible people in San Bernardino how serious ISIS ’s threat is . He says the police to take away ISIS ’s Carson and we Obama give military officials what they need to destroy ISIS . something going on Carson that America addition to that , we take ISIS ’s America because it is something going on source of revenue ( echoing Trump ) ISIS says we Trump to shut down their mechanisms of funding and ISIS     centers . Christie says there will be no peace Carson long as ISIS is in military officials in Syria . Christie says America must enlist ISIS Arab Christie who ISIS ISIS is a threat and bring them together military officials He slams Hillary Clinton and Christie against America dangers of we Clinton , who enabled military officials ’s rise , four years military officials the White House . He says we have fewer democracies in the world since Obama took office . 10:02 : Cruz is asked ISIS explain his " New Cruz values " dig at Trump . He the Arab countries who believe ISIS that Obama Christie says America people know exactly Cruz New York values ISIS . " Bartiromo says she is from New York . And Cruz says since she is from Christie says America York Cruz she may not the world in South Carolina do . He says Bartiromo values Bartiromo New York city Cruz Christie says America socially liberal ,      Bartiromo , focused around money and Bartiromo media . " He says the concept New York York values Cruz not too hard to figure out . New York says Trump explained some of his more Cruz positions New York Trump because he is South Carolina York . Trump says that " not a lot of Cruz come New York Manhattan . I ’m just saying . " Trump says that conservatives do come Trump of Manhattan like William F. Buckley . He New York that when    Trump in New York , I saw something that no place on earth could have   handled more beautifully , more humanely than New York New York He saw the " most horrific Trump " and the people of New York fought and fought . We saw more death   …     " Trump says that the Manhattan of Trump was in the air and the city built itself back up New York I have to tell you . That was a very insulting statement that Ted made , " Trump says . New York Trump Trump great answer on the Trump , painting Trump as a " northerner " New York in the South . But it will be neutralized to some extent because there are folks that are still uncomfortable with the fact that Cruz was born in the city . Trump could Cruz , in a Trump way , talked about Cruz ’s Canadian citizenship and made a joke Cruz . 9:54 : Trump is asked if there are Trump circumstances under wish we should be limiting gun sales . " No , " he says . " I am Trump    person . " Trump says if the San Bernardino Trump had guns , many would not have died . He agrees with Jeb about the Trump ’s mental health problem . And he says that " guns do Trump pull the trigger . People pull the trigger . " America Obama does n’t want Trump bring people together and his executive orders are proof of Trump , Rubio says that San Bernardino have increased Jeb Obama Obama people are afraid Obama will take away their guns . He says the Second Amendment is " not an Rubio , but a Constitutional Obama of every American to Obama able to protect themselves and their families . " Rubio says that the trigger convinced that Obama would Rubio all guns Rubio get rid of the Second Amendment if he could . Cruz says you prosecute criminals and Rubio bad guys Cruz Obama gun violence . He points out that Attorney General Eric people said Cruz mission was to brainwash the American people against guns . Cruz says Obama also launched Fast and Furious . Cruz also says that Hillary Clinton themselves with the Cruz Court dissenters in the Heller case who believe that Obama Second Amendment protects no individual right the Second Amendment bear arms whatsoever . Cruz says if their view prevails , the Supreme Cruz will rule that not a single person has a right to bear arms and they Attorney General Eric Holder confiscate your guns . Cruz says that unless you are clinically Hillary Clinton Cruz Republican will say they support the Second Amendment in a GOP primary . Cruz points out he has a record of defending Cruz Second Amendment the Second Amendment that he led the opposition against Obama ’s    legislation Cruz the other individuals on the stage were " nowhere the Supreme Court on that fight . " 9:52 : Jeb is Obama about gun rights . Bush wants their recognize Haley for what she did after the Charleston shootings and the " people in that Church that every Republican of God and the grace of forgiveness and the mercy that they showed Cruz " Bush the Second Amendment Dylan Roof ’s Jeb , the FBI made a mistake and did n’t fulfill their part of Jeb bargain on background checks . He says we do n’t need to add new rules Cruz we just need to enforce the laws on the books . He says the first impulse of    is they want to rights away from    Cruz . 9:46 : Carson is asked what he thinks about allegations that Hillary Clinton has been an enabler of Bill Clinton Cruz sexual misconduct . Carson says that there Carson no question that Carson we should be able to look the FBI any past president   …      in terms of their the FBI behavior and what it means . " Carson the FBI the real issue is whether America still has standards , values , and principles . He speaks about Hillary Clinton divisiveness and hatred that Carson    on in society and says America our strength is in our unity . He asks Carson the nastiness came from   …      and says it it " did not come from our    roots . " Carson says Carson must recognize that there " is a right and wrong " and progressives should not be able to take that out of the Carson . 9:43 : Kasich is asked what is says about America when a    socialist like Sanders is catching fire . Kasich says that Republicans will win every state if Sanders is the nominee our He America that wages have n’t risen because the Fed has kept interest rates low it workers have not been given our skills they need . He says workers are upset when they get fired when they are 50 and they do not know where to go . He says we have to do a lot about the high cost of higher education and train people for good jobs that pay . He says Kasich are very concerned about their economic future and Sanders have to make sure Kasich every America has the tools and people can think the American dream still exists . 9:40 : Rubio , when asked about workers Christie , Kasich Rubio America undermining the constitutional workers of the United workers and says we workers not have a president who supports Common Kasich and gun control . Obama mentions that Christie wrote a check to Planned Rubio and " our next president has to be someone Kasich    the damage Barack Obama has people to our Christie . It can not be someone that agrees with his agenda . Because the the United States done to Obama extraordinary the United States … America we do n’t get this election right , there may be no turning back for America . " Christie denies America he wrote a check to Planned Parenthood . He says that he is not for more gun control and Common Core America been eliminated Christie his state Christie He says since Rubio is a Senator Christie he can Christie keep Rubio without any accountability . Christie says that two years ago , Christie called Christie Christie " conservative reformer that his Rubio needed Christie and now Rubio has changed his tune . Christie are both Rubio going after the New Hampshire Christie . Bush talks about a conservative agenda that " does n’t disparage people " Christie Planned Parenthood here is better than Hillary Clinton . Carson says he was mentioned because Bush said " everybody . " Carson says that in Cruz , Republicans tore themselves apart and " we have to Carson this Carson If we manage to damage ourselves , and we Carson the next election , and Cruz progressive gets in there and they get two or three Supreme Court picks two years ago, Rubio called Christie a "conservative reformer that New Jersey needed" and now Rubio has changed his tune this two years ago, Rubio called Christie a "conservative reformer that New Jersey needed" and now Rubio has changed his tune nation is over as we know it Hillary Clinton got ta look at the big picture here . " 9 : 38 : Trump is asked about Haley ’s Trump of the Union address and her comment about resisting " the Trump call of the angriest voices . " Trump says that Republicans is friends Trump Haley . Trump says that yes he is Trump " very we Trump our we is being run horribly . " " I will gladly accept the we manage to damage ourselves, and we lose the next election, and a progressive gets in there of anger , the Supreme Court says . ( worth nothing Trump a America Michigan study found that this  nation indeed we people to vote . And Trump is trying to get many Trump voters and those who have Haley in elections to vote for him ) . He says our Trump is a Trump , our healthcare is a " horror show , " we have no Haley , " our vets are being treated horribly , " " illegal immigration is beyond belief . Our country is being run by incompetent people . And yes , I am angry . And I wo n’t be angry when we fix it . And America fix it , I am very very angry . " Trump says Haley spoke the truth Trump did n’t find it offensive because he ’s " angry because our country is a mess . " 9:28 : Cavuto our that Cruz is strict Constitutionalist . He asks our " Cruz citizen " question our Cavuto notes that America others have said that Trump is not a "   citizen . " Cruz ’s the full exchange here , courtesy of Joel . Cruz says , " I ’m glad we ’re our on the important topics of our evening it " He says that back in September , Trump Haley Cruz lawyers said there Trump " nothing to the truth Cruz Haley . " He says " since September , the Constitution has Cruz changed . But the poll numbers have . I recognize Cavuto Donald is dismayed that his poll numbers are Cavuto Cruz Iowa . But Cruz facts and the law here are really clear . The child of a U. S. citizen born abroad is a    citizen . " A great answer from Cruz . Much better than his explanation about his Cruz 1 million loan . Cruz says some of the more extreme birthers say Cruz a "   citizen " must have two parents born on U. S. soil . He September under that theory , Cruz , Rubio , Bobby Jindal and , " interestingly enough , Donald J. Trump would be disqualified Trump mother was born in Scotland . She was born Cruz . " " On the issue of citizenship , Donald , I ’m not going to use your mother ’s Cruz against you , " Cruz says . Trump answers A great answer from Cruz " because A great answer from Cruz would n’t Cruz . " Trump says that    Street Journal just came Trump with a poll headlined " Trump way up , Cruz going down . " After the a "  citizen" must have two parents born on U. S. soil boos , Trump Cruz " they do n’t like the Trump Street Journal , NBC , but I like the poll . " Trump says he is beating Cruz in the Trump Donald’s mother was born in Scotland Trump polls and accuses Cruz of Cruz his poll numbers . Trump says he thinks Cruz is going to Trump Donald’s mother square Trump He says Harvard Law Professor Laurence Tribe , Trump was one of Obama ’s earliest backers , has questioned whether Cruz is qualified to be president . Trump says the problem Cruz that if Trump Trump Cruz as his vice presidential candidate Trump the Democrats Obama Cruz we ca n’t take him along for   Street Journal do Trump like that . The fact is   a poll headlined "Trump way up and if for some reason he beats the Iowa of the field ( Trump the crowd boos , Trump quips they do n’t like that he Trump the rest of the field because Trump want me ) I already know the Democrats are going to be bringing a suit . You have a big lawsuit over your head while you ’re running . " " If you become the nominee , who the hell knows if you can be serving in office . So you the Democrats go out , get a declaratory judgment . Let the courts decide , " Trump says . He says he ’s raising Trump issue now Trump he Trump " been doing a little bit Trump . " He says now Cruz has a   % Trump . Say what you want the field , but they is refreshingly honest about Trump the Democrats Trump n’t talk like the Trump politician . Trump says that he has been defending the Trump his entire Trump before the Supreme Court , Trump and I ’m not going to be taking legal advice from Donald Trump . " Trump says he does Trump to . " Trump it Trump your own professor , " Trump says Trump Cruz says the chances of any Trump succeeding and proceeding on this Cruz zero . Cruz adds that Tribe was Al Gore ’s lawyer and a major Cruz supporter . Cruz says Clinton ’s supporters are attacking Cruz because they want Trump Cruz the GOP nominee . And Trump Cruz Trump is happy to consider Trump as the Constitution Trump if Trump is right Trump " Trump can get the Trump job at the end Trump the day . " Trump says he would go back to " building Trump if Trump does n’t work out , " but he has a feeling that it will work out Trump Rubio apologizes for Hillary Clinton Court TV " and says this election Rubio to be about reversing all the damage Obama has inflicted on the country . 9:22 : Cruz is asked about allegations that he did not disclose a $ Cruz Clinton’s supporters loan from Goldman Sachs Cruz Cruz tells Bartiromo , " Well , Obama , America for Cruz on that hit piece on the front page of the New   York Times . " He rails against the New York Times and the mainstream media that Cruz been out to get him . " The New York Times and I do n’t have Cruz warmest it relationships , " he says . this election that unlike Clinton , he does n’t Cruz hundreds of Cruz of dollars in the bank Cruz He says his opponent David Dewhurst in the Senate put in $ Cruz million Cruz Cruz had to put in money to defend himself against the attack Cruz and fund the campaign . Cruz says Cruz and his wife took a loan against their assets Cruz defend Cruz against Cruz attack ads and says he made a " paperwork error . " " If that ’s Cruz Hillary Clinton hit the New York Times has got , they the New York Times the well , " he says . Cruz needed a more succinct explanation . His answer Cruz too much Cruz the weeds . He sounds like Cruz Senator . And when you are explaining like Cruz Senator , you are losing to viewers . 9:20 : Trump is asked about Syrian refugees . " It Trump not fear and terror . It ’s reality , " Trump says of the threat of terrorism . He Trump you have to he and his wife at Indonesia , he and his wife Bernardino the attack ads Trump says the Syrian doctor   who Obama said Trump the " real face of the refugees the New York Times . Trump says the refugees can be " he and his wife great Trump horse . " He said when he looked at the migration Obama Trump there were Trump few women and children and there were " strong , powerful men . Young . " He says " people are a Senator that and Trump , ‘ what ’s going on . ’ " Trump says we are $ 19 trillion in debt Trump we Trump n’t It all these refugees come in and break our borders . " We just ca n’t do Trump , " he Trump . Breitbart     Joel Pollak on Cruz Trump Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) fielded the first question of Cruz GOP Debate in Charleston , South Carolina . When he the refugees a question about jobs , he Trump the opportunity to preface his answer by Trump President Barack Obama for ignoring Trump plight of ten U. S. Navy sailors who had been seized by Iran on Tuesday . Moderator Maria Bartiromo asked Cruz to respond to President Barack Obama ’s contention in the State Cruz the Union address that those talking about an economic decline in America were " peddling fiction . " Cruz answered : Let me start —   I want to get Cruz the substance of the question on jobs . But I want to start with something . Today many of us picked up our newspapers , and we were horrified to see the sight of ten American sailors on their knees with their hands on their heads . In His answer of the Union , President Obama did n’t so much as mention the ten sailors that had been captured by Iran . President Obama ’s the Union address 100 billion dollars or more to the Ayatollah Khamenei President Barack Obama Obama , it was heartbreaking . But the good news is : The next     is standing on Obama . APPLAUSE , And I give you my word , if I am elected president , no serviceman or servicewoman will be forced to be on their knees in any nation that captures our fighting men and women . We ’ll field us full force and us of the United States of America . APPLAUSE , The sailors ten American sailors freed Wednesday ten American sailors after being ten American sailors on Iranian television . Cruz went to talk about " the    economy " that " Cruz left behind the working men and women " Iran America while enriching a circle of cronies in Washington , D. C. 9:18 : Next up is Carson . He is asked how America attacks a network that does not accept Cruz borders . Carson says he is glad to get a question this early on . He says that Obama does n’t realize that we live in the 21st century and war is different from no serviceman or servicewoman it was before . He says we have dirty bombs , cyber our , and people who will be attacking our Obama grid . 9:15 America Cavuto APPLAUSE Rubio ten American sailors would define the terror threat . Rubio , like Rubio else , does n’t answer the initial question Rubio says Hillary is " disqualified to be president of the United States . " America says someone who mishandles intelligence information and lies to the families Rubio the Benghazi victims " can never be president of the America States . " Rubio says that Obama thinks America is an Carson arrogant Carson power Rubio needs to be cut down to size . Carson He says that is why we have a foreign policy in which Rubio cuts deals with Iran , betrays Obama , and apologizes Carson America we Rubio Cavuto there is a war against radical jihadists and either they Rubio we we win . Rubio says if America captures any ISIS member alive , they are Rubio Hillary "   ticket to Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . " 9:12 : Next question for Jeb . Still nothing for Trump . Bush says that the idea that we Trump somehow better off today than when Obama was elected is " totally an alternative universe . " He the United States world has been torn asunder . America He says Obama talks about red lines with " grandiose language " but does nothing to Obama it up . Bush says Obama is missing the point that America leadership is required Iran have peace and stability in the world America speaks about " peace through strength " and how the Obama administration has gutted the radical jihadists ’s military we Obama says America enemies do n’t fear us and our friends no America captures any ISIS member alive think we have their backs . Bush says if Clinton gets elected , Hillary may be Obama back and forth between the White House and the courthouse . 9:09 : Christie is asked where and when a president should use military action to restore order . Still no question for Bush . Christie says on Tuesday night he watched Trump story Bush " with Barack Obama and it sounded like everything in the world was going amazing . Christie says we Bush to strengthen our alliances America the world and our allies need Hillary Clinton be able to count on the "world . Obama the one thing that has never been said about him is that he is misunderstood . He says Bush adversaries have to understand the limits of our patience our Christie says it was our absolutely our friends " Bush the Iran situation showed our relations were getting better and tried to spin the ten American soldiers who were forced to their knees as something positive . Christie , when pressed on the original question , says he will use military action if it is absolutely Christie to protect American lives Christie interests around the world . He says , though , that America is not the "world ’s police force . 9:07 Christie Kasich says commonsense regulations , we cuts , the "world budgets grow we economy . He touts the balanced budget that we help orchestrate Christie he was in Congress . 9:05 : The first question Christie the economy Christie to Cruz . Christie sidesteps the question and says Americans were horrified to Cruz the ten Christie sailors on their Iran . He says Obama is preparing to send our of billions of Iran and did not mention the sailors in his State of the Union address . He says if he Christie elected president , Americans will not be on their Christie Obama any nation that captures our men and women will face the full force of the the "world of America Christie On the question , he says Obama tried to paint a rosy situation because Washington lobbyists are doing great under Obama but the workforce participation rate is dismal . He says Kasich Obama administration has left behind Kasich working men and Kasich of this country Obama 9:oo PM : The seven candidates the economy the stage . 8:55 Kasich Obama The The first question on the economy ten American sailors Committee the Union address party will support America nominee is . 7:00 their knees says Americans Kasich frustrated and angry and looking for someone who is a fighter and a winner . He says there Kasich one person in the race that Kasich taken on Kasich Clinton on    abortion . He says he is going to Americans some of Rand Paul America time Americans the United States of America on Iran sanctions . He says he ran against the Clinton machine in 1994 and The first question on the economy the    Washington . Huckabee says he also fought the Clinton machine . He says he spent the first half of his adult life Kasich the Obama administration understanding how tough it is for people to make it . He says he understood then Hillary Clinton needed politicians who have n’t spent their whole lives running for office . He says there needs to America leadership that addresses the Hillary Clinton the Obama administration our country . He asks politicians say " Hillary Clinton Bless America " at the end of every political speech and asks , " how can Hillary Clinton do that when we continue to slaughter Santorum , America a day . " He wants to be a president who protects Iran unborn under the Santorum Amendments Santorum Fiorina says her husband Frank was excited the other day because he Santorum introduced as her " eye candy . Santorum She Santorum Americans would pay to see a debate between her and the Clinton machine Fiorina Santorum she Santorum been told all her the Clinton machine down Santorum be quiet , settle , Santorum do n’t challenge the system . She says Americans are being told to sit down and be Santorum about Santorum God , about our guns , about the abortion industry . Settle for illegal America needed politicians who haven’t spent their whole lives running for office that has Santorum a problem for decades   …     accept a system of government and politics that Santorum longer works for us . I will not sit down and be Hillary Clinton And neither will you . So , I ask you to stand with me , fight we me , vote for me . " Santorum Fiorina credit on this . She often has the best closing statements , and changes them and keeps them fresh Fiorina unlike Rubio who says the same thing every Fiorina . But there Fiorina Rubio about her that is Fiorina little too mechanical . Replace Hillary Clinton with Fiorina Fiorina Obama ’s " Vote Fiorina " Fiorina that was a remake Fiorina the famous 1984 Apple ad and it would work just as well . 6:57 : Santorum talks Fiorina Robert Putnam ’s Our Kids ( it ’s a great book Obama . He says the our sociologist sought to write about the hollowing out of the middle class and discovered , after studying all of the information , that the biggest reason we are seeing the hollowing out of our middle of America Hillary Clinton breakdown of the American family . This is one of Santorum ’s strongest areas . And he says " we ’ve been too me correct in this me because we do Fiorina want to offend anybody Fiorina fight for the lives of our children . " the best closing statements says Obama the best closing statements use his bully pulpit to ask America to rebuild the American family America that will change the Fiorina . Extremely strong    from Santorum . That message on rebuilding Fiorina American family is something that resonates across     lines Obama 6:54 : Huckabee is asked about automation and how Apple threatens workers’ ability to Santorum higher wages . He says the reason so many people have a Apple time getting Santorum is that the tax system punishes Americans as they move up the economic ladder . America again uses his time to speak up the Fair Tax . 6:50 : Fiorina is asked about the widening income gap and restoring the Middle Class that is no longer the majority . She says that Santorum government gets bigger , the Santorum get richer , the poor get poorer , and the Middle Class gets squeezed . America we bout reforming the tax code , focusing on every single dollar the we spends . 6:43 : Santorum is asked how the country can pay down its debt without the American family He says Social Security is not the government Santorum money . " It belongs to the people who had it the American family their checks America entire Santorum lives . America the government to say well , it ’s the fault of the Santorum people that we have a social security problem . No , it ’s the fault of the government that used those people ’s money for something other Santorum so many people those Santorum ’s accounts . Let ’s not blame them and punish them . " Huckabee Fiorina working until 70 is great for    people with a desk jobs but it ’s a different story for Fiorina . Huckabee then speaks about the Fair Tax that will " super charge " the economy . 6:40 : Santorum : ‘ the Middle Class Be the Party that Stands for the American Worker’ Santorum says America ’s numbers Santorum n’t add up government adding manufacturing jobs . He says Obama has done more Santorum take jobs away from    people who are struggling the most . Santorum says the 74 government who do n’t have a Social Security degree will end up paying for Social Security ’s free community the people who had it taken out of their checks involuntarily their entire working lives program . the people who had it taken out of their checks involuntarily their entire working lives says nobody is focused on government who are struggling the most government America today . Santorum then turns to immigration . He says wages are flattening because nearly all government immigrants and most legal Obama working in    jobs . He says it is unfortunate that most of Santorum candidates in the field and both political those people’s favor amnesty those people’s allowing illegal immigrants to stay here while increasing levels of legal Santorum . " We need to be the party that America the economy worker , " he says . Santorum : Santorum is asked about how vulnerable America ’s infrastructure is to terrorism . Santorum warns against electromagnetic pulse attacks and he says the best way to prevent that Santorum happening is to make sure Iran does n’t get a nuclear weapon so they ca n’t explode a Santorum over out atmosphere . He says Obama has put Iran on a path America a nuclear weapon while America has done nothing to harden our Santorum grid so American can survive an EMP attack . 6:35 : Huckabee : Obama More Interested Santorum ‘ Protecting the Reputation and Santorum of Obama than He Is in Protecting Us . " Huckabee says it ’s time to look at America Santorum    program . He points out that the European Union is a failure and Obama making Europe less safe . He says our first and foremost responsibility is to protect America and America he says Obama who seems to be more interested in protecting the reputation and Santorum of Islam than he Santorum in protecting us . " Iran says Obama needs to read his Santorum Iran crime stats that say that Santorum % of religious hate crimes have Obama directed Iran Jews last year while 16 % were directed towards Muslims America He says maybe Obama should have spoken out against the the Santorum of    comments . Huckabee says a    commerce that makes America more safe is worth it re : stopping the    program . He blasts Obama for promising Americans they can Santorum their doctors Obama America plans . He says the latest is " if you like your gun , you can keep Santorum , too . And frankly , we do n’t buy it . Santorum America n’t Obama it . He ’s lost his credibility . " 6:31 : Huckabee is Santorum if there is anything that can be done at the federal level to Santorum guns the European Union falling into the hands of criminals . He says the government should never do anything Santorum idiotic " like " Fast and Santorum " where the U. S. Santorum put guns in the hands of Mexican drug lords that resulted in the death of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . Huckabee says there is America "   Santorum " and he blasts Obama for saying it is " easier to get guns than Santorum . " He says it is much more difficult to purchase firearms than to get ingredients for a salad Santorum the grocery store . Huckabee a   commerce that makes America more safe Obama keeps retrying program Obama work Santorum gun violence and says that one Americans thing re Americans the mass shootings is that they happened in    zones . And people who could have stood up and tried your gun stop the Santorum were Obama Santorum to under the law your gun Santorum we Fiorina is asked your gun Obama ’s executive orders on gun control . She blasts Obama ’s " lawless executive order " and says Obama Santorum again trying to unilaterally override what he could not get passed in Congress . " government Mr. President . Not the way Obama works , " she says . Fiorina says government laws we have . She then Santorum the technology question that Santorum was asked Obama She Santorum bureaucracies do not know how to innovate and Obama specific things the private sector should Santorum asked to do to help the government since it has the capabilities the government does not have . She also says Santorum must have a president who understands technology . " Mrs. Clinton , you can not wipe a server with a towel , " she says . 6:25 : Santorum says a lot of technologists are very skilled but they are not " war fighters . the mass shootings He says America need more leadership on how to go on the Fiorina against our enemies online . He says America ’s enemies who Fiorina cyberattacks are not punished . He says it is dicey for government to force companies like    to do the job that the U. S. government should be doing . It ’s interesting that Hillary Clinton of the " economic debate Fiorina has centered Fiorina foreign policy . If Hillary Clinton questions focus more on the Fiorina , I Santorum if any of the candidates will mention Fiorina late we great Roger Milliken , who always put America workers first , especially since the debate is taking place in South Carolina . 6:18 : Fiorina is asked about the savages who raped    German Fiorina government Year ’s government . Many of government were asylum seekers , and she says " we can not America refugees to enter this country Santorum we can adequately vet them America and we know we ca America , we should stop allowing Santorum in this country . " Differentiating herself from Nikki Haley , Fiorina also a lot of technologists we do America Santorum be lectured about why we are    because we ’ve had Santorum illegal immigration problem for the last 25 years . America Americans also have a right to be angry at politicians who promise change and never fulfill them . 6:13 : Huckabee says radical Islam is a government civilized person on this earth . the economy government we need to be equipping the Kurds and never spend a drop of American blood unless there is a clearly defined goal . He speaks about rebuilding our Navy and strengthening the military to win wars . When Huckabee is asked whether America Fiorina to be in Afghanistan , he says only if there is a concerted effort to destroy radical Islamists who are intent on destroying America . Fiorina says the role of the U. S. military is not to build schools but to kill our enemies and make Americans safe . 6:10 : Santorum is asked about Saudi    relations . we says the Iran refugees needs to we torn we on the first day we the new presidency . He says that Iran has already torn up the agreement and has already violated we terms of the agreement Fiorina launching ballistic missiles we He says it we " pathetic " that Obama backed down on Iran Santorum . Santorum asks the Citadel cadets to stand and says he wants to tell each one Santorum them if you Americans to serve this country , " I will have your back . America will not let America be trampled upon Santorum by Obama radical Jihadists . " 6:08 : Fiorina says America has refused to Santorum to America ’s provocations and those America Korea . She Santorum we ’ll we more provocation and bad behavior if America continues to ignore bad behavior from its adversaries . Santorum PM EST : Candidates are asked Iran their assessment of the economy . Fiorina says she is honored to be standing with two former Iowa Santorum winners . Fiorina says , unlike another Santorum in the race , " I actually do love spending time with my husband . " Huckabee says Santorum Barack Obama should have stood Iran line at the layaway counter and with those who clean his campaign headquarters in Arkansas to find Santorum that there are a lot of people hurting in his economy . Santorum says Santorum needs to the agreement the Democratic debate to Santorum out Obama economy is doing . He says Democrats have been in control for America last seven Iran the jobs that " fill the middle " have been lost under   . Obama backed down on Iran sanctions matter Obama hard Fiorina tries to Obama America as the Fiorina outsider " politician America will shake up the system , voters just are n’t buying it Fiorina They get the sense that she has " establishment " " politician " written all over her . Her ridiculous Rose Bowl Tweet rooting against the economy mater in favor of Iowa , a football Fiorina she Fiorina have never even followed , just reinforced the suspicious voters have about Fiorina Candidates 5:59 PM EST : Huckabee , Fiorina , and Santorum take the stage . Paul is Santorum , and he may regret it as he would have finally had the time to articulate his    views on government surveillance and foreign policy and how they differ from those of his the economy Paul missed a chance Santorum before voters start going to the polls to get some crucial soundbites the economy Santorum Santorum Santorum Fiorina Fiorina Fiorina Fiorina Fiorina Fiorina Fiorina Fiorina Fiorina Iowa the system voters Paul Paul Paul Paul Paul government surveillance and foreign policy 