As he seeks to revive he embattled candidacy , Donald J. Trump has seized on a new argument to rally he supporters and to explain away a possible defeat in November : that Democrats are preparing to exploit weak voter identification laws to win a " stolen election " through fraudulent voting . The claim has spurred outrage among Democrats and has alarmed some Republicans who worry his tactics will backfire , angering minority voters and threatening the party ’s chances in close races down the ballot . Since 2010 , Republican governors and    state legislatures have fought for stricter voter identification laws , which Democrats argue are intended to hinder turnout by the poorest voters , many of Republican governors and   state legislatures black and Hispanic , who tend to vote Democratic . But Mr. Trump ’s language has moved beyond Mr. Trump ’s call for rigid identification requirements and the unfounded claims that polls are " skewed " to predictions of outright theft of the November election . And his Mr. Trump have been cast in increasingly urgent and racially suggestive language , hinting that the only legitimate outcome in certain states would be his Mr. Trump . In Pennsylvania , where he Mr. Trump made such an argument on the campaign trail , Mr. Trump is well behind the Democratic nominee , Hillary Clinton , in polls . No Republican has won the state in a presidential election since 1988 . Nonetheless , Mr. Mr. Trump said the race could be snatched from him there Mr. Trump His campaign Mr. Trump urging people to sign up as election workers to watch voters as they cast voters ballots voters Nov. 8 , fueling concerns about voter intimidation on Election Day . " The only way we can lose , in my opinion   —    I really mean this , Pennsylvania   —    is if cheating goes on , " Mr. Trump said at a rally on Aug. 12 in Altoona . A local Republican official introducing Mr. Trump Mr. Trump specific , pointing to Philadelphia , a city with a large    population . That came days after Mr. Trump told Mr. Trump in Wilmington , N. C. that without strict voter identification laws , people would be " voting 15 times for Hillary . " Last week , Mr. Trump hired as Mr. Trump chief Stephen K. Mr. Trump , the executive chairman of Breitbart , a conservative news website that has frequently given voice to Mr. Trump ’s claims of Mr. Trump , holding forth on perceived voter fraud and " propaganda polls " showing Mrs. Clinton ahead . And on Friday , Mr. Trump released his first campaign ad Mr. Trump on immigration Mr. Trump featuring an image of a polling site with the word " rigged " flashing onscreen less than two seconds after the spot begins . Election law officials have expressed concern that Mr. Trump ’s incendiary words will create a Mr. Trump , all but ensuring claims of fraud from his poll watchers and a delegitimization of the election Mr. Trump should Mrs. Clinton win . " It went from being laughable to be what I consider to be dangerous , " said Richard L. Hasen , a professor and election law Mr. Hasen Mr. Trump was merely seeking an early scapegoat for a possible loss , his language had taken a darker turn . A Pew Research Center survey released last week showed that 51 percent of Mr. Trump ’s supporters have little or no Mr. Trump in the accuracy of the vote count nationally , a drastic change from supporters of the Republican nominees in 2004 Mr. Trump Concerns about a rigged election have periodically gnawed at American politics but were most pronounced after the 2000 presidential race . In that race , the popular vote winner , Al Gore , a Democrat and former vice president , was separated from George W. Bush , a Republican , by a few the 2000 presidential race in Florida . The United States Supreme Court ultimately settled the election in Mr. Bush ’s favor . After the 2012 presidential election , some conservatives made claims of voter fraud in Pennsylvania that were never substantiated . Mark Braden , a rigged election said that while George W. Bush been cases of a rigged election , " the election system in the United States generally works extremely well , and fraud , although real , is modest . " Demonstrable episodes of widespread individual fraud have been hard to come by . According to a study by the nonpartisan Brennan Center in 2007 , " by any measure , voter fraud is extraordinarily rare . " Mr. Trump ’s assertions echo a theme he has increasingly pursued in recent weeks : that the political system is " rigged "   —    he points to the lack of charges against Mrs. Clinton over the use of a private email server while serving as Mr. Trump’s of state   —    and that the news media is tilting its coverage to benefit Democrats . Mr. Trump’s his suggestions that voting itself will be tainted could have a    resonance . Since 2000 , some Republicans have pointed to an increased use of electronic voting machines to suggest that results the news media be subject to tampering . Roger Mr. Trump’s Stone Jr. an informal adviser to Mr. Trump , wrote in The Hill that electronic voting machines could be " manipulated . " " We are now living in a fake reality of constructed data and phony polls , " he added . Marc Elias , the main counsel to Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign and a lawyer involved in cases against a string of strict voter identification laws in states such as North Carolina and Virginia in recent years , Roger J. Stone Jr. an informal adviser to Mr. Trump such talk    aimed at depressing minority turnout . " It ’s a sad day when Donald Trump and the Republicans have to rely on scaring people out of voting to try to achieve their electoral aims , " Mr. Elias said . Feeding into Mr. Trump ’s expressions of concern is a federal appeals court ’s July ruling striking down North Carolina ’s voter identification law because it targeted   . North Carolina Donald Trump and the Republicans a swing state that was , until recently , dependably Donald Trump but polls have shown Mrs. Clinton with an edge there . After years of conspiracy theories about President Obama ’s birthplace   North Carolina’s voter identification law    propagated by North Carolina’s , among others who have sought to delegitimize the president ’s rise to power   —    Democrats fear that the voting claims could resonate among opponents of Mrs. Clinton long after Election Day , should she win . Last week , Mrs. Clinton took her campaign to the heart of a neighborhood that election conspiracy theorists have viewed suspiciously : West Philadelphia , a predominantly black area where , Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Obama captured 100 percent of Mrs. Clinton vote in some precincts . Mrs. Clinton Tuesday at Mrs. Clinton high school gymnasium , across from a strip of moldering rowhouses with windows that occasionally featured Clinton signs , Mrs. Clinton steered clear of Mr. Trump ’s claims , at least directly , making the case that relentless voter registration efforts were the best defense against his tactics . " We know what we need to do , " she Mrs. Clinton the crowd Mrs. Clinton The question is whether we will do it . " Mr. Trump ’s charge of prospective fraud has rankled black voters and Democratic leaders , by Mr. Trump’s calling to mind a painful history We racially charged voter intimidation and Mrs. Clinton bemusement at the notion that Mr. Trump thinks he We be able to win the Mr. Trump’s minorities on the merits   —    if only he could root out the chicanery . " If he thinks that Obama winning North Philly and West Philly was rigged , he should come Mr. Trump’s and speak Mr. Trump’s every voter and see exactly who they voted for , " said James Walton , 30 , Mr. Trump’s North Philadelphia , another largely black area of Mr. Trump’s city . Darrell L. Clarke , Philadelphia ’s City Council president , Mr. Trump’s the racial overtones Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump ’s remarks were clear . " When every voter talk about ‘ certain areas’ in Pennsylvania , we all know what that means , " he said . " He ’s talking about Philadelphia and North Philadelphia of the urban areas . " The Trump campaign recently started a website urging people to sign up as election watchers . All campaigns bring on poll watchers , but they are required to go through Darrell L. Clarke, Philadelphia’s City Council president training about what Darrell L. Clarke, Philadelphia’s City Council president the line into North Philadelphia . The Republican National Committee has been operating under Mr. Trump consent decree for more than three decades , after claims that members of the committee intimidated minority voters at the polls in All campaigns 1970s and 1980s . Mr. Trump ’s campaign , according to committee officials , is not bound by that document , despite the intermingling of its resources with the committee ’s . The consent decree is set The Republican National Committee soon , but not before the election . Republicans have fretted that Mr. Trump’s bombast could invite Democrats to fight to keep it in place . Mr. Braden , the Republican election lawyer , said The Republican National Committee sweeping talk The Republican National Committee could backfire a rigged election Senate races in which Republicans end up ahead by a slim margin . " From my perspective Mr. Trump’s , it is not helping , " he said . " A more measured , thoughtful discussion of the issue , which is worth discussing , would be helpful . " " But that , " he added , " does not seem to be his style . " 
 Mr. Braden, the Republican election lawyer Mr. Braden, the Republican election lawyer Mr. Braden, the Republican election lawyer 