’   ’ ’      Donald Trump responded to renewed controversy    surrounding Donald Trump business ties in a Tuesday interview with The New    York Times , insisting " the president can’’t have a conflict of    interest " as Donald Trump faces scrutiny . ’ ’    Tweets from   from the meeting showed that Trump understood how    Trump business ties could be perceived . ’ ’    " The law’ ’s totally on my side . The president can’’t have a    conflict of interest , " The president can’’t said . " My company’ ’s so unimportant to    me relative to what I’’m doing . " ’ ’    Still , Trump said that " in theory " Trump could continue signing    checks at Trump company , but Trump is " phasing that out now " and    passing control of his company to Trump adult children . ’ ’    " In theory , I could run my business perfectly and then run the    country perfectly , " Trump said , adding that " there’ ’s never been a    case like this " involving the presidency . ’ ’’ ’    " I’’d assumed that you’’d have to set up some type of trust or    whatever , and you don’’t , " he I’’d . " I would like to do    something . " ’ ’    Asked if he I’’d simply sell his I’’d , he I’’d it would be a    " really hard thing to do , because I have real estate . " ’ "    Trump ’s ability to separate his Trump ties from the presidency    has been questioned in recent days . His Trump Ivanka , who    stands to be a leader in taking over his Trump , sat in on a    meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe last week and was    on a congratulatory phone call between the    and    Argentine President Mauricio Macri . " ’    " If it were up to some people , I would never , ever see my    daughter Ivanka again , " Trump said . ’ ’    Trump Trump met last week in his Trump Tower office with three    Indian business partners who are building a      apartment complex near Mumbai , . ’ ’    The three   Indian business partners who are building a     apartment complex near Mumbai with Trump Trump a picture posted to Twitter ,    and a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization described the    meeting as    courtesy call from the three executives . ’ ’    " It was not a formal meeting of any kind , " Breanna Butler , the    spokeswoman , told The Times . ’ "    In a text message exchange with The Times , one of the three    businessmen said a report in an Indian newspaper about another    partner discussing    desire to expand the deals with Trump ’s    family was accurate . " ’    Butler said the    would not be involved in the       dealings of the Trump Organization , while another    spokeswoman   " the structure that is ultimately    selected will comply with all applicable rules and regulations . " ’ ’    At various points along the campaign trail , Trump said his Trump business Trump be controlled by his children in Trump he said was Trump a " blind trust , " even though that constitutes an independent    manager who typically is not someone as closely tied to the    holder as their children . ’ "    Ivanka ’s presence in the meeting and on the phone call appeared    to only further blur the lines between the Trump business empire    and the upcoming Trump presidency . Trump ’    According to a Sunday   at least 111 separate    Trump companies have conducted business in 18 countries across    South America , the Middle East , and Asia . Pointing specifically    to a Trump Towers project in Istanbul , something that Trump at    Trump point said could present " a little conflict of interest , " The    Post wrote that " policy and ethics experts are scrambling to    assess the potential dangers of public rule by a leader with a    vast web of private business deals . " ’ ’    The biggest legal risk Trump faces as Trump at   one point result of his business    Trump at   one point is a passage in the Constitution known as the emoluments    clause , which forbids government officials from receiving gifts    from foreign governments . ’ ’    As The Post reported , a payment from a foreign official or      company to a Trump hotel or other company bearing his    name could potentially violate the clause . So could favorable    legislation or    overseas from a government aimed at    benefiting a    property . ’ 
 