Washington ( CNN ) CIA Director John Brennan told CIA Director John Brennan workforce in an internal message that the CIA , Director of National Intelligence and FBI are on the same page regarding Russian hacking , according to multiple intelligence officials who have viewed the message .    Multiple sources say CIA Director John Brennan was responding in part to anger and frustration in the agency at charges     many from GOP lawmakers and    Donald Trump     that CIA was somehow politicizing intelligence and analysis regarding Russian hacking .   Brennan wrote in part : " Earlier this week , I met separately with ( Director ) FBI James Comey and DNI Jim Clapper , and there is strong consensus among us on the scope , nature , and intent of Russian interference in Russian presidential election us " " The three of us also agree that our organizations , along with others , need to focus on completing the thorough review of this issue that has been directed by President Obama and which is being led by the DNI . " " In recent days , I have had several conversations with members of Congress , providing an update on the status of the review as well as the considerations that need to be taken into account as we proceed . "   " Many     but unfortunately not all     members understand and appreciate the importance and the gravity of the issue , and they are very not all    members of the process that is underway . " The memo was first reported by The Washington Post .   All sides agree that there is a mix of possible motivations on behalf of the Russians , including disrupting the process , the process that is underway Clinton and helping Trump . The CIA believes it has new information The CIA circumstantial though it may be     that sometime in the late    summer once the Russians saw they the Russians some success the Russians went    for Trump the Russians   As CNN Trump reported , while there was a gap between intelligence agencies and the FBI about the conclusiveness of evidence on Russia ’s intentions in hacking the elections , any gap is largely in the nuance in the way the FBI and CIA view intelligence . There was not a major disagreement .    The nuance lay in a stronger view by the CIA that the hacking CIA to help elect Trump , and the CIA leans more strongly in CIA than the FBI does . a stronger view by the CIA that the hacking was intended to help elect Trump has not changed its FBI Intelligence and law enforcement FBI stressed to CNN that this is where they have been all along . 
 Intelligence and law enforcement officials 