Sarasota , Florida ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Monday mocked    music as Donald Trump once again criticized the performance Jay Z and Beyonce delivered at a rally for Hillary Clinton , asking whether it was " talking or singing . " " The language is so bad and as Jay Z and Beyonce were singing     singing right ? Was it talking or singing ? Right ? But The language was so bad , " Trump said Monday during his Trump of five rallies the day before Election Day . Trump Trump apparent criticism of rap and    comes in spite of the GOP nominee ’s repeated attempts to appeal to    voters during the final months of his Trump . It also comes as Clinton has ramped up get out the vote efforts in recent days by targeting young and    voters in particular . Still , Trump insisted that    voters are turning out in droves for him Trump an assessment contradicted by polls that show Trump Trump low    support among black voters . And Trump Trump sought to once again undercut Clinton Clinton support among the demographic by raising the former first lady ’s use of the term " super predators " to describe criminals in the inner city . "   are turning out     and when they do a lot of them they voting for Trump Trump " he Trump . " She ’s got not a lot of inspiration . She She the term called ’super predator’ to define black youth . ’Super predator . ’ " Trump Trump criticism of    follows his Trump and awkward appeals to    that many have criticized as tone deaf and offensive as he Trump described the lives of African Americans in starkly bleak and    terms . "   are living in hell and are living     in , in the inner cities , I mean , they the inner cities living in hell . You walk to the store for a loaf of bread , you get shot , " Trump said during a rally in Sanford , Florida , last month , repeating a line he Trump frequently used to describe crime rates in black communities . Trump Trump also described inner cities as worse than war zones and equated the lives of minorities living in inner cities with members of those communities at large , even though a majority of    do not live in poverty . 
 