  ( CNN ) Now that Donald Trump has made it official that Indiana Gov. Mike Pence will be Indiana Gov. Mike Pence vice presidential candidate , the media needs to ask Pence one critically important question :   " Why would you agree to be the running mate to a man who has spewed so much sexism , bigotry and racism ? "   We are not talking about the typical scenario where a presidential and vice presidential candidate differ on a few policy issues . This is far different .   Trump has waged a campaign , as Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center explained on my SiriusXM radio show this week , that arguably is the most    in modern day politics since    George Wallace ’s campaign in 1968 .    Even Republicans have criticized some of Trump ’s despicable rhetoric . Just last month , for example , House Speaker Paul Ryan dubbed Trump ’s demand that Judge Gonzalo Curiel step down from presiding over the Trump University fraud case because of Judge Gonzalo Curiel ethnic heritage " the textbook definition of a racist comment . "   Pence ’s decision to accept the nomination is even more stunning given that Judge Gonzalo Curiel had publicly criticized Trump comments on Muslims and Mexicans during this campaign on two occasions . The first was in December after Trump Trump for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States . "   The next day Pence Pence , " Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U. S. are offensive and unconstitutional . "   ( Trump Trump since tweaked his Trump to only ban Muslims from   " terror countries , " but apparently people of other faiths from those countries would be permitted to enter the the United States Pence Pence Friday he Trump " very supportive " of   this new immigration ban . ) And after Trump Trump called Curiel a " Mexican " and demanded that he Trump down from presiding over the Trump University case , Pence Pence that Trump Trump remarks about Curiel , who was born in Indiana , were inappropriate and that it was wrong   " to question the partiality of the judge based on their ethnic background Trump’s remarks about Curiel, who was born in Indiana "   Could it be that Pence Pence silence in response to Trump Trump other Trump’s indicates he Trump with them ?   Or other inflammatory remarks Pence Pence them truly objectionable but other inflammatory remarks Trump checked his Trump on the side in order to advance his Trump political career ? We   do n’t know .   But it would certainly help the American people understand Pence Pence character and his Trump system much more if he Trump let us know how he We Trump ’s past comments such as these : 1 .   Does Pence Pence to Trump calling women " Trump pigs " and " dogs " and even mocking Carly Fiorina ’s face ? Is Pence OK with being demeaning to women ?   Join us on Facebook . We 2 . Trump claimed at his Trump launch last Trump that Mexico is sending " rapists " and " drug dealers . " He even insisted that Trump are raping American women because , as Trump put it to Trump ’s Don Lemon , " Well , somebody ’s doing the raping , Don ! "   3 .   Is Pence on board with Trump vocally defending his Trump beating up Trump ? The worst example came in November when Black Lives Matter protester Mercutio   Southall interrupted Trump at a rally Trump causing the candidate to call out for his supporters to get Black Lives Matter protester Mercutio  Southall of the venue Black Lives Matter protester Mercutio  Southall   Six white Trump fans then punched Trump kicked Southall , reportedly calling him a " monkey " Black Lives Matter protester Mercutio  Southall the " N word . "   When asked about the incident the next day on Fox News , Trump remarked , " Trump he should have been Trump up , because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing . Trump   4 . What about Trump mocking a disabled Trump because the reporter would n’t confirm a disabled reporter fairytale that Trump " of Muslims were cheering in New Jersey on   ?   Will Pence make it clear that he opposes ridiculing the disabled Trump And the list goes on , with Trump retweeting various comments from Trump supremacist groups to recently defending his campaign tweeting out what Trump to most as an    image involving the Star of David over    bills in a tweet   attacking Hillary Clinton .    Is Pence , a    devout    , in the least bit troubled by any of this ? Or has Trump found a running mate who , with only minor exceptions , sees eye to eye with him in spewing sexism , racism and Trump ? It ’s now time for Pence to let America know the answer to this question . 
 