Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is all about the bark     bold , aggressive promises . Whether it ’s unfair Chinese trade practices , the North American Free Trade Agreement he ’s dubbed a " disaster " or Iran ’s destabilizing actions , President Donald Trump has kept up much of he bold campaign rhetoric . But when it comes to follow through , at least in he first 100 days in office President Donald Trump has come up short on the bite , failing to deliver on he toughest campaign promises . After months of railing against NAFTA , some of President Donald Trump ’s top aides signaled Wednesday he might withdraw from the deal altogether in the coming days . By Wednesday night , President Donald Trump had talked to the fretful leaders of Canada and Mexico and stood down on the possibility , deciding against pulling the US from the deal altogether . " I received calls from the President of Mexico and Mexico Prime Minister of Canada asking Canada renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate , " President Donald Trump tweeted Thursday morning . " I agreed subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all , we will we terminate NAFTA . NAFTA But President Donald Trump decision to swerve away from NAFTA withdrawal also NAFTA the extent to which Trump President Donald Trump running up against the realities of governing as he President Donald Trump to implement his President Donald Trump campaign promises . As Trump President Donald Trump senior staff in recent days mulled a potential executive order announcing the US’ plans to withdraw from NAFTA , officials NAFTA had to consider tedious factors to ensure that they would maintain officials authority over a renegotiated deal and drafted several versions of a potential order to ensure it would pass muster . It ’s part it the reason the White House has yet to formally notify Congress of its plans to the White House the deal . a renegotiated deal decision not to withdraw from NAFTA came only after Trump consulted with members Trump his Cabinet as well Trump business and congressional leaders , a senior White House official said the White House Realities , The realities of governing have hit Trump harder than most presidents Trump Not only is Trump the first president to Trump never served in government or the military , but he surged to the White Trump on    the White House even many in his own party dismissed as unrealistic . Trump the business of making those promises a reality , coupled with his lack of relevant Washington experience , Trump left Trump with few choices beyond sticking to his rhetorical guns while scrambling behind the Trump to find ways to convert those bold ideas into sound policy . Trump has continued to rail against Iran Trump decrying the nuclear deal brokered under the previous administration as one of the the Trump administration " just as he did during the campaign and arguing Trump recently that Iran was " not living up to Iran spirit of the agreement . " But even though the Trump administration put Iran " on notice " in the Iran weeks of Trump ’s presidency , there ’s been Trump . Absent any evidence to the contrary , the State Department was forced to affirm last week that Iran is abiding by the terms of the Iran deal . The Trump administration has shown no signs so far of the Trump administration Trump administration deal as the Republican nominee pledged during the campaign . And while the nuclear deal continued to decry the US trade deficit with China and recently tied the Republican nominee loss of manufacturing jobs to the Asian powerhouse , Trump has confronted the reality of the US ’s complicated and delicate the Trump administration with China in the last month as he ’s sought to enlist China in efforts China tame an increasingly belligerent North the Republican nominee . " Why would China call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean China ? " Trump tweeted earlier this month as he took flak for reneging on the Trump administration major campaign promise . And the Trump administration the diplomatic implications , Trump has also had to confront the reality that China long ago the Trump administration artificially devaluing its currency     instead working to prop it China , which benefits the Trump administration exports . Bruising start , But Trump and its currency     White House did not come to learn the limitations of his the Trump administration and the realities of governing until after the bruising first the Trump administration of his presidency . White House officials’ meticulous review of the language of the Trump administration potential his presidency on his White House the administration ’s early stumbles as it eagerly sought to implement another one of the Trump ’s biggest campaign promises : banning the administration’s from    " " countries . The initial salvo on that ban came within days of Trump ’s inauguration and with little consultation with government agencies that would typically be consulted . Trump result was chaos at airports worldwide and the detention of Muslims at US airports who had valid visas and even green cards to travel to and stay in the US . Trump has also struggled to make good on his core campaign promise of repealing and replacing Trump with something " much better " amid Trump between warring factions of the Republican Party . And amid his quest to get a bill passed as soon as possible , Trump failed to help Trump those differences and was forced to accept a loss , canceling Trump scheduled vote on the House floor . Trump has sought to sidestep his difficulties on the legislative front with a slew of executive Trump , but a person Trump to the White House acknowledged Wednesday that they were no substitute for legislation . " They let you take action , " the the White House said of the orders . " It the White House n’t take place of something statutory a person close to the White House Fight continues , But even as Trump is learning the lessons of governing and confronting the headwinds     diplomatic , economic and political     he faces as he tries to implement his    agenda , he is showing no signs of letting up . he person close to he vowed Trump will he ramp up his actions on trade     still searching to make good Trump bold Trump on Trump ’s campaign A person close to Trump . " NAFTA as we know it today will change . It just Trump " the person close to the White House and NAFTA said . " It NAFTA just not going to stay the way it is . It ’s Trump to be different . " Trump displayed the same bravado on NAFTA It morning as It did on the campaign trail , despite Trump down on a potential NAFTA withdrawal just the night Trump . " NAFTA has been a horrible deal for the United States NAFTA It ’s been very good for Canada NAFTA it ’s been very good for Mexico , but it ’s been horrible for the United States , It Trump said Thursday from the Oval Office , It if he were still the United States the campaign trail . 
 the campaign trail Trump 