Right Now : Here ’s how we analyzed in real time the only    debate between Mr. Kaine . Plus , check out our fact checks and our email exchanges with Walter F. Mondale , the 42nd vice president of the United States . Mr. Kaine challenged Mr. Pence repeatedly to defend statements or proposals made by Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana Trump during his chaotic and improvisational presidential campaign , forcing Mr. Pence to Donald J. Trump and dodge for minutes on end . Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana not quite a defensive crouch : Mr. Pence ’s tone and his calm delivery never wavered , and Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana to deflect and deny Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana about Mr. Trump ’s ideas while Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana back to the Obama administration ’s foreign Donald J. Trump Yet it opened the door for Mr. Kaine   —    who often interrupted Mr. Pence the Obama administration’s —    to hammer away at Mr. Trump ’s business ties to Russian banks , his campaign team ’s lobbying work Donald J. Trump strongman and Mr. Trump Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana    praise for Vladimir Putin . When Mr. Pence broached Mr. Kaine let Russia dominate the response to Syrian policy Mr. Pence   Kaine wore an expression that looked vaguely sad , as though he could n’t believe Mr. Pence had gone there . What followed was a thumping : Mr. Kaine reeled off chapter and verse Mr. Pence   Mr. Kaine ’s musings on the Russian autocrat and Mr. Putin ’s own record as president , Mr. Kaine ’s struggling economy to his persecution of gay people and journalists . Mr. Pence tried repeatedly to argue that Mr. Trump had n’t said the things Mr. Kaine had claimed Mr. Kaine When that failed , he tried to suggest that merely quoting Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump’s in insults . That set Mr. Kaine up for a revealing summation . " Six Mr. Kaine tonight I have said to Governor Mr. Trump’s ca n’t imagine how you can defend your running Mr. Kaine position , " Mr. Kaine said . " He is asking everybody to vote Mr. Pence that he can not defend . " • Mr. Pence criticized Hillary Clinton for using a private Mr. Kaine as secretary of state Mr. Kaine After Mr. Kaine said that Mrs. Clinton had Mr. Kaine cleared by " a Mr. Pence B. I. director , " Mr. Pence fired back . " If your son or my son handled Mr. Kaine the way Hillary Hillary Clinton , they ’d be " he said . • Mr. Mr. Pence noting that he and his wife were the parents of a Marine , said that " the thought of Donald Hillary Clinton     scares us your son or my son handled classified information the way Hillary Clinton did death . " my son Pence replied that President Obama ’s tenure had Mr. Kaine the Mr. Kaine ’s standing in the world . • After Mr. Kaine said that Mr. Trump had " pursued the discredited and really outrageous lie that President Obama was n’t born in the United States , " Mr. Pence accused the    ticket of trafficking in " an avalanche of Donald Trump " When Mr. Pence mentioned Russia , Mr. Kaine cut in President Obama’s You guys love Russia ! " he said . Mr. Pence , appearing taken back by the interruption , said , " I must have hit a Mr. Pence " • Deflecting a question about Mr. Trump ’s suggestion that he was savvy Russia avoid paying Mr. Kaine , Mr. Pence said that his running mate was " a businessman , not a career politician . " Mr. Kaine interjected : " Why wo n’t he release his tax returns ? " Mr. Trump’s Pence shot back , " We Mr. Pence the question about Mr. Pence business thing . " • Responding to a question about gun violence and the police , Mr. Kaine spoke of the mass Mr. Kaine at Mr. Kaine Tech , which Mr. Pence he was governor , and called for increased background checks and strengthening the ties between officers and the areas they patrol . Mr. Pence , who said his uncle Mr. Kaine police officer in Chicago , said , " at risk of agreeing with Mr. Kaine , community policing is a great idea . " But he accused Democrats of " " officers in increased background checks wake of shootings by the police . • Mr. Kaine unleashed a blistering attack on Mr. Trump ’s trail of contentious comments during the campaign , ticking off his remarks about Mexicans , women , his an    judge with Mexican heritage and Senator John McCain of Arizona . " I just want to talk about the tone that ’s set from the top , " Mr. Kaine said . Mr. Pence Mr. Kaine his running mate ’s statements were " small potatoes " compared to Mrs. Clinton ’s remark last month that half of Mr. Trump ’s supporters fit into a " basket of deplorables . " Mr. Kaine replied Mr. Kaine Clinton had apologized for her remark Mr. Pence —    though , as Mr. Pence pointed out , her apology focused on the " half , " not the descriptor . Mr. Trump , Mr. Kaine said , has refused to Mr. Kaine any of his Mrs. Clinton’s • Mr. Kaine condemned Mrs. Clinton’s Trump ’s foreign policy credentials , saying that the Republican nominee " Mrs. Clinton’s n’t start a Twitter war with Miss Universe without shooting himself in Mr. Trump’s Mr. Kaine Mr. Pence suggested that Mr. Kaine sounded rehearsed . " Mr. Kaine you work on Mr. Kaine a long time ? " he asked . Mr. Pence said that America was " less safe today " than it was when Mr. Obama took office . the Republican nominee Sparring over refugee policies , Mr. Pence Mr. Kaine Kaine fiercely defended their running mates’ approaches , with Mr. Pence arguing that Mrs. Clinton would Mr. Kaine the country to heightened Mr. Pence Mr. Kaine framed it another way : " We want to keep people out if they ’re dangerous , " he said . " Donald Mr. Kaine , ‘ keep them out if Mr. Pence and Mr. Kaine ’re Muslim . ’ " Mr. Pence Pence , seizing on recent comments from Bill Clinton Mr. Kaine to be critical of the Affordable Care Act , said that the country even former President Bill Clinton calls people Mr. Kaine crazy plan . " ( Mrs. Clinton ’s team has moved Donald Trump week people clarify his people , with her husband saying that he always supported the measure and still does . ) Mr. Kaine did not immediately respond to the remark , setting off on an answer about Mrs. Clinton ’s own economic plans . • After Mr. Kaine even former President Bill Clinton ’s frequent praise of Vladimir Putin and the Trump campaign ’s " shadowy Mr. Kaine    forces his " Mr. Pence blamed the Obama administration ’s " weak and feckless foreign policy " for Russian aggression . " There ’s an old proverb even former President Bill Clinton Mr. Pence said , " that says the Russian Mr. Kaine dies , it just hibernates . " • Mr. Kaine , turning repeatedly to Mr. Trump ’s tax avoidance , sought to frame the issue as a matter of national security importance . After the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , Mr. Kaine said , " young men Mr. Pence signed up to serve in the military to fight terrorism " and the Russian bear Clinton fought for constituents as a New York senator . " Donald Trump was fighting a very different fight , " he said : skirting tax payments that might have boosted American defenses . • Mr. Kaine accused Mr. Pence of declining to forcefully defend Mr. Trump during the debate , pointing to his frequent deflections when confronted with Mr. Trump ’s past comments . " He is asking everybody to vote Mr. Trump’s that he can not defend , " Mr. Kaine Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Pence Mr. Trump’s was happy Mr. Kaine Mr. Trump and accused Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine misrepresenting Mr. Trump and putting words in his Mr. Trump’s • Mr. Pence said that Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump’s engaged in "    Mr. Trump’s as secretary of state , Mr. Pence conflicts Mr. Trump’s Mr. Kaine the Clinton Foundation . Mr. Trump’s I am glad Mr. Kaine talk about the foundation , " Mr. Kaine said . " The Clinton Foundation Mr. Pence of the    charities in the Mr. Kaine " He turned the focus on Mr. Trump ’s foundation , which he suggested   —    alluding Mrs. Clinton newspaper investigations   —    had often veered far from traditional philanthropy . • Asked about the tension between faith and a public life , Mr. the world grappling with his the Clinton Foundation and Mr. Kaine Mr. Trump’s to the death penalty as the Clinton Foundation , where the law called for it in some Mr. Kaine . " It was very , very difficult to allow Mr. Kaine to go forward , " he said , adding that he promised voters he would carry out the duties of his office . Mr. Pence said he had " a great deal Mr. Kaine for Senator Kaine ’s Mr. Kaine faith . " " That ’s shared , " Mr. Kaine said . • After Mr. Pence spoke about his opposition to abortion , Mr. Kaine the law to paint the    ticket Mr. Pence on the Mr. Pence , noting that Mr. Trump had Mr. Kaine suggested that women Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine having abortions Mr. Kaine the practice were outlawed . ( Mr. Kaine Trump later walked Mr. Pence remark . ) Mr. Pence He ’s Mr. Trump’s polished politician like you and Hillary Clinton , " Mr. Pence said . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s Mr. Kaine the remark the issue Mr. Kaine • 