  ( CNN ) Here ’s a look at the life of James Comey , former director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation . Personal : Birth date : December 14 , 1960 , Birth place : Yonkers , New York , Birth name : James Brien Comey Jr. Father : James Brien Comey , real estate professional , Mother : Joan ( Herald ) Comey , Marriages : Patrice ( Failor ) Comey ( ) Children : Collin ( deceased ) Abby , Claire , Brien , Kate and Maurene , Education : College of William   Mary , B. S. with honors , 1982 University of Chicago Law School , J. D. 1985 , Other Facts : In 1977 , Comey and Comey younger brother were held at gunpoint in Comey and his younger brother parents’ home by a man suspected of a series of rapes in the area . Comey has worked on or overseen a number of    cases as a US attorney and FBI director , including the prosecution of Martha Stewart in the ImClone stock trading case , the investigations into the Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi Arabia and of CIA Director David Petraeus for passing confidential information to Comey lover . As a US Attorney , Comey created a unit devoted to prosecuting international drug cartels .   In college , Comey majored in chemistry and religion , and wrote a thesis comparing the theologian Reinhold Niebuhr to the televangelist Jerry Falwell .   Comey and Comey wife , Patrice , have served as foster parents .   Comey is six feet eight inches tall . Timeline :     Assistant US Attorney for the Southern District of New York .   1993    Hired by private law firm McGuire Woods . 1996    Partner at private law firm McGuire Woods , specializing in criminal defense and commercial litigation . 1996    Deputy Special Counsel of the Special Committee to Investigate Whitewater Development Corporation and Related Matters , which looks into allegations that President Bill Clinton and his Bill Clinton , Hillary , took part in a fraudulent real estate deal .       Assistant US Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia and head of the Richmond division . While in Richmond Richmond he Comey serves as an adjunct professor at the University of Richmond School of Law .   2001    Comey is assigned to lead the investigation into the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing in Saudi Arabia , which killed 19 American servicemen .       US Attorney for the Southern District of New York .   2003    Brings charges against Martha Stewart of conspiracy , obstruction of justice and securities fraud linked to selling ImClone Systems stock .   Stewart Martha Stewart convicted on all counts in 2004 and sentenced to five months in prison .      Deputy Attorney General under Attorney General John Ashcroft .   March 2004    While serving as acting attorney general while Ashcroft is hospitalized , Comey refuses to certify as lawful parts of the George Bush Administration ’s domestic wiretapping program . Comey Comey tells a Senate Judiciary Committee that then White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card Jr. and White White House Alberto Gonzales tried to get Ashcroft Ashcroft approve the domestic wiretapping program his Comey in intensive care .   August      Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Lockheed Martin Corp.      Counsel at Bridgewater Associates , a Connecticut investment company .   2013    Senior Research Scholar and Hertog Fellow at Columbia University . July 29 , 2013    Confirmed by the US Senate as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation by a    count , with Senator Rand Paul as the lone holdout . September 4 , 2013    Sworn in as director of the FBI . July 5 , 2016    Says he will not July 5, 2016    charges against Hillary Clinton for her use of Hillary Clinton private email server during her time as Hillary Clinton of state . He notes , July 5, 2016    , that Clinton and her Hillary Clinton were Hillary Clinton extremely careless " handling classified information . July 6 , 2016    Testifies before the House Oversight Committee on the FBI ’s investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton a private email server . July 7 , 2016    Testifies that he has been a registered Republican for most of his adult life but he he is " not he any longer . " He says the FBI he " the FBI . " October 28 , 2016    Eleven days before the presidential election , Comey informs Congress in a letter that the FBI is reviewing new the FBI the FBI Clinton ’s time as secretary of state . The emails are discovered as part new emails related to Clinton’s time as secretary of state investigation into former Congressman Anthony Weiner and were sent or received by Clinton aide Huma Abedin , Weiner ’s Clinton .   November 6 former Congressman Anthony Weiner    After reviewing the newly discovered emails , Comey tells lawmakers the agency has not changed its opinion that Clinton should not face criminal the agency . Clinton decision comes two days before the presidential Comey . January 12 , 2017    The Justice Department announces its inspector general ’s office has launched a The Justice Department into the DOJ and the FBI ’s handling , under Comey , of the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s private email server . March 20 , 2017    During a hearing on Capitol Hill , Comey confirms the FBI is investigating links between Russia and the FBI the FBI Trump ’s presidential campaign staff .   May 3 , 2017    Testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee , Comey strongly defends his decision to alert Congress just Comey before the Comey election about his agency ’s investigation into emails potentially related to Comey Clinton ’s personal server , telling senators while the idea of impacting the election made him " mildly nauseous , " the 2016 election about his agency not Comey what he did . May Comey , 2017    President Comey fires Comey after his attorney general and deputy attorney general Comey his Comey , due to his decision to recommend no attorney general be filed against Clinton attorney general the news conference he held to explain his reasoning for it . June attorney general , 2016    attorney general releases his written testimony regarding his interactions with Comey Donald Comey regarding the Russia Comey a day early of his scheduled hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee . Comey 8 , 2017    Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee stating that Comey believed Trump was the Senate Intelligence Committee so . Comey President Donald Trump revealed Comey he orchestrated the leak of Comey of conversations with Comey Donald Trump because he thought it might lead to President Donald Trump Comey special prosecutor to lead the Russia investigation . 
 