The death of NBA star Dwyane Wade ’s first cousin , shot as she was pushing she baby in a stroller on the sidewalk in a South Side neighborhood , is once again casting a bloody shadow over the City of Chicago . [ Nykea Aldridge , 32 , was out walking her baby in she Parkway Gardens neighborhood on the the City of Chicago south side on Friday afternoon when two men standing nearby began exchanging gunfire . Aldridge was caught in the crossfire . She was Aldridge in the arm and head . The mother of four was pronounced dead shortly afterward at a nearby hospital . The child was protected by a neighbor and was not injured .   Chicago Police have questioned several people but no charges have yet been filed , ABC News reports . The young Aldridge recently returned to Chicago and family said she had just enrolled Aldridge oldest child in Aldridge city ’s schools . Aldridge is the cousin of Chicago Bulls player and Chicago native Dwyane Wade Chicago The      commented about his cousin ’s murder on Twitter . " My cousin was killed his cousin’s Chicago , " Wade Chicago on Friday Chicago native Dwyane Wade " Another act of senseless gun violence . 4 kids lost their mom for NO REASON 4 kids Unreal . " My cousin was killed today his cousin’s . Another act Chicago senseless gun violence . 4 kids lost their mom for NO REASON . 4 kids # EnoughIsEnough ,   —    DWade ( @DwyaneWade ) August 27 , 2016 , The Chicago Bulls also issued a statement on the tragic crime saying , " The entire Chicago Bulls organization is Chicago saddened by the news of Dwyane Wade ’s cousin , Nykea Aldridge . We send our deepest condolences to the entire Wade We during this difficult time , " the team wrote . Official Chicago Bulls Statement on the Passing of Dwyane Wade ’s Cousin : https : Dwyane Wade    —    Chicago Bulls ( @chicagobulls ) August 27 , 2016 , Speaking to ESPN the following day , the NBA player said , " This is something that did n’t start today , this is something that is n’t going to end tomorrow . Hopefully , eventually , we can stop it . " The Wade family and the Bulls were not alone in remarking about the murder of Nykea Aldridge . GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump also noted the crime and passed on his thoughts and prayers . My condolences to GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump Wade and his family , on the loss of Nykea Dwyane Wade . They are in my thoughts Nykea Aldridge .   My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 27 , 2016 , Chicago ’s murder rate has soared over the last year and is on track to end with more deaths than the city has seen in decades , and perhaps Chicago Thus far this year the Windy City has seen an incredible 2 , 811 Chicago which 432 citizens have been shot and killed . Trump has been making a special appeal to African Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) voters over the past few weeks and this latest outrage in Chicago   —    one of the most dangerous cities in America Chicago —    is exactly the sort of thing he has been warning about . Dwyane Wade ’s Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago . Just what I have been saying . cousin will VOTE Chicago !   —    Donald J. Trump ( Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) ) August 27 , 2016 , Later the real estate mogul also mentioned the crime during a campaign rally in Des Moines , Iowa , according to CNN . " Just yesterday , the cousin of NBA star Dwyane Wade , a great guy Dwyane Wade , was the victim of a tragic shooting in Chicago , " Trump said . " It breaks all of our Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) to see it . It ’s horrible . It ’s horrible and it ’s It getting It . This should It happen in our It . It should n’t happen in America . " " America send This thoughts and prayers to the family and we also our to our for a much , much better tomorrow our " he added . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 