  ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey was fired abruptly Tuesday by President Donald Trump , and the White House has scrambled since then to explain how President Donald Trump reached FBI Director James Comey decision . Here ’s a look at what led to FBI Director James Comey firing and what ’s happened in the aftermath : May 2 , Hillary Clinton says she Hillary Clinton on her Hillary Clinton to winning the presidency until the FBI director wrote a letter to Congress saying he the FBI director reopening the investigation into her Hillary Clinton of a private email server 11 days before the November 8 election . Trump Trump a response that night : " FBI FBI Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he FBI Director Comey her Hillary Clinton free pass for many bad deeds ! "    Trump adds the investigation into his Trump ’s possible collusion with Russia , which Comey FBI Director Comey during a March 20 hearing in the House , was " an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election . " May 3 , Comey , testifying before senators in a committee hearing , says he Comey " mildly nauseous " at the idea he Comey the the election he reopened Comey Clinton email investigation . Still , he defended Comey decision Comey do so . At the time , Trump said that Comey ’s Comey " took guts " and that the FBI chief " brought back his reputation Comey by reopening the investigation the Clinton email investigation In his testimony Comey Comey says Comey publicly Comey his conclusions Comey the Clinton email investigation after deciding the Justice Department ’s credibility had been affected by    General Loretta Lynch ’s airport tarmac meeting with former President Bill Clinton .   Comey adds Comey Russians are still meddling in US politics because they may have the Russians , " This works . " At the daily press briefing , White House press secretary Sean Spicer says Trump " has confidence " in Comey . Comey last week , Comey asks Comey Justice Department for more resources for the investigation into Russian meddling in the US election , according to two sources familiar with the discussion . A Justice Department spokeswoman the Justice Department did Comey .   May 8 , Trump tweets the Trump into Russia the investigation into Russian meddling in the US election his campaign is Trump " total hoax " and a " taxpayer funded charade . " May 9 , Trump fires Comey Trump Comey immediately . In his dismissal letter , Trump cites a Comey from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who wrote in an attached memo that Comey ’s handling of the investigation into Clinton ’s email server was to blame . That evening , Spicer , sandwiched between reporters and a large shrub in the White House driveway , says Trump arrived at Trump decision after Trump the memo from Rosenstein that day . an attached memo that federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas to associates of former national security adviser Michael Flynn as part of the investigation into Russian meddling in the election . CNN learned of the subpoenas hours before Comey CNN firing . May 10 , In a morning " tweetstorm , " Trump says Democrats have wanted Comey gone for a while and are now Comey outrage at his firing . " Comey lost the confidence Comey’s firing everyone in Comey , Republican and Democrat alike . When things calm down , they will be thanking me ! "   In things    with former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , Trump says he fired Comey " because he was n’t doing Trump Comey job . Comey The same day , Trump meets with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Trump Oval Office , but the White House blocks US media from photographing the event . Russian    media post photos of the meeting , Russian a White House official . Deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee the White House Comey committed " basic atrocities " by going around the Justice Department chain of command and speaking out during the Clinton email investigation . She also says Trump had considered letting Comey go as Deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders as Election Day .   Sanders Comey that Trump " and the rest of the Deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders " had Trump in Comey . May 11 , Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe Comey members of the Senate intelligence committee that Comey had " broad support " among the FBI ’s Comey and file , contradicting the White House the FBI The majority , the vast majority of FBI employees enjoyed a deep , positive connection to Director Comey , the FBI he says . Trump , in Comey with NBC News Comey says he had already decided to fire Comey before receiving Rosenstein ’s recommendation . Trump Regardless of the Comey I was going to Trump Comey , " Trump tells NBC Rosenstein’s recommendation also says he Comey thinking of " this Trump thing " when Trump made the Trump . " When I decided to just do it Trump I said to myself , I said ’you know , this Russia the decision with Trump and Russia is a made up story , it ’s Russia excuse by the Democrats Russia having lost an election that they this Russia thing with Trump and Russia have won’ . " May 16 , Comey wrote in a memo the Democrats Trump asked him to end the investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn , Trump and Russia to Comey familiar with the matter . Comey was so appalled by the request that he wanted to document it , Comey said . Comey shared the memo with Comey FBI officials , according to sources . " Comey hope a memo that Trump asked him to end the investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn let this go , " the President said , Comey wrote . CNN has not viewed the memo but sources described it to Comey . The memo is the clearest sign a memo that Trump asked him to end the investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn potential interference by Trump a memo that Trump asked him to end the investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn the CNN into a memo that Trump asked him to end the investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn of his campaign team colluded with Russian officials . " Three words : obstruction of justice , " Trump CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . " Telling the FBI director to close down an investigation CNN your senior campaign adviser for his activities during your campaign for president , if that ’s true , that is obstruction of the FBI director . " 
 