  ( CNN ) A top adviser to Donald Trump resigned Monday after sending a mocking tweet about    campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , a campaign source tells CNN . Michael Caputo , a Donald Trump adviser and head of the communications for Donald Trump caucus operations team , tweeted " Ding Dong the witch is dead " following the news that Lewandowski had been fired .   " I regret sending out a tweet today alluding to the firing of Corey Lewandowski . In hindsight , that was too exuberant a reaction to this personnel move . I know this is a distraction from the kind of campaign you want to run , so I ’m resigning my position as director of communications for caucus operations at the 2016 Republican National Convention . Let ’s ’m this immediate , " Caputo wrote in a letter to campaign chairman Paul Manafort and Rick Gates , according to a copy obtained by CNN . Caputo Caputo said he Caputo respects Trump as well as Manafort and Gates . " I wish you success in the months ahead . I continue to believe Donald Trump must be elected President in November . With you at the helm , I know he Donald Trump . Call if I can help , " he Donald Trump . Caputo Caputo told CNN CNN " falling on the sword is what you do if you mess up . " " Unforced errors have no place on a general election campaign for the White House , " he Caputo . Cleveland , Caputo Caputo been quietly helping to build Trump Donald Trump convention ’s caucus operations team ahead of Cleveland Cleveland and was serving as communications director for caucus operations .   The a general election campaign for the White House scheduled to release its caucus Trump’s convention’s caucus operations team , according to a convention source . The team , part of campaign chairman Paul Manafort ’s convention operation , will serve as a liaison between Trump ’s Trump’s the national convention staff and has been meeting with RNC staff on the ground in Cleveland for Cleveland last two and a half weeks     marking a big step toward creating a more traditional political machine for a campaign built on nonconformity .    Veterans , Trump ’s team Trump’s comprised of military veterans , including its director of caucus Trump’s , Ryan Price , who served as an Army Ranger . Price is a longtime GOP campaign operative Price and former director of operation for the 2012 Caputo David Urban , a West Point grad and Army Gulf War veteran who had worked as chief of staff for former Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter . Urban will serve as deputy director . Caputo was to serve as director of communications for caucus operations at the 2016 Republican convention . John Ullyot , a Marine veteran and former adviser to former Sens . John Warner and Specter , who was to serve as deputy director of communications for media relations , will now serve as head of communications due to Caputo ’s departure . According to one convention source , the    team will not be involved in Caputo of the campaign ’s     communications operations . That will still fall to Trump ’s spokeswoman     and only campaign communications team staffer     Hope Hicks . Frustrations , Caputo ’s departure comes amid frustrations over the campaign ’s lack of hiring so far of a traditional Caputo’s departure the high volume of media requests that comes with being a nominee for president , according to two sources in and around the campaign .   Trump ’s convention team is currently in the process of trying to refine Trump ’s message     the campaign its surrogate Trump’s of Cleveland under John Wagner , the deputy director of communications for Trump’s . One convention source said Trump’s have already added 100 new surrogates , a number that will increase to 250 by the time of the convention .   Wagner One convention source a long list of credentials as retired U. S. Army public affairs officer where he served as an analyst for CENTCOM , an operations officer for NORTHCOM and a media official in Baghdad during Operation Iraqi Freedom . Wagner boards’ Wagner , in conjunction with a new    team , has been prepping daily to respond to attacks     sitting through " Wagner " committees set up to drill individuals before hitting the media circuit , according to a convention source .     Amber Smith , former spokeswoman for Concerned Veterans of America , has been brought on as press secretary of the rapid response team . Smith is a former Kiowa pilot who served in Iraq and Afghanistan . Former Trump surrogate and " Apprentice " contestant , Erin Elmore , had been tapped as deputy press secretary , but on Monday , a statement by the Republican National Convention said : " Erin Elmore , who was recently named as a valued deputy press secretary for caucus operations , has left the team and remains active as one of the campaign ’s surrogate media spokespeople . " Elmore said Monday she could be a " more effective the rapid response team Donald Trump ’s election as as surrogate on TV rather than working behind the scenes Erin Elmore Cleveland Monday Erin Elmore Velez , will serve the critical role of deputy press secretary for Hispanic media .   Velez will be responsible for Hispanic outreach during the convention , a position that several sources in and around the campaign say is vital for building unity Maricelly Velez various remarks made by Trump during the campaign , including calling Mexican immigrants " rapists " and saying the    judge in his Trump University case was incapable of doing his job due the campaign heritage . Velez had served as assistant director for Hispanic affairs for New York Gov.    Pataki . 
       