President Barack Obama says President Barack Obama still believes that Donald Trump will not become president of the United States and suggested that Donald Trump will lose popularity as the election grows more serious . [ " I continue to believe that Donald Trump will not be President , " President Barack Obama said . " And the reason is because I have a lot of faith in the American people . "   President Barack Obama made his President Barack Obama during a press conference in Rancho Mirage , California , during a    summit with Southeast Asian leaders . During his President Barack Obama conference , Obama President Barack Obama he President Barack Obama that foreign leaders were " troubled " by the notion that Trump could become president . " I think foreign observers are troubled by some of the rhetoric that ’s been taking place in these Republican primaries and Republican debates , " he President Barack Obama . He President Barack Obama the entire Republican party in his President Barack Obama of Trump . Trump I find it interesting that everybody ’s focused on Trump , Trump just because he President Barack Obama in more interesting ways what the other candidates are saying as well , " he President Barack Obama . Obama said that Trump managed Trump " up the ante " in    and    sentiment , which Obama said Obama repeated by other candidates . Obama singled Obama Marco Rubio for " running away " from immigration reform " as fast as he can Obama after working on a bill with Senate Democrats that he ( Obama ) Obama supported . The president Obama that the GOP candidates’ views on climate change concerned business leaders around the world . " I think that ’s troubling to the international community since the science is unequivocal , " he added . Obama This is not just Mr. Trump , " he stated . Obama Look at the statements that are being made by the other candidates . There ’s not a single candidate in the Republican primary that thinks we should do anything about climate change . " 
 