’   ’ ’    In an abrupt reversal Tuesday afternoon , House Republicans    dropped a proposal to gut an ethics office overseeing House Republicans    , after    coming under intense criticism from    Donald Trump    and others . ’ ’    The reversal came just hours after   Donald Trump    criticized the House GOP    for making the ethics rules change an initial priority of the new    Congress . ’ ’    " With all that Congress has to work on , do all that Congress has to work really have to    make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog , as unfair    as it may be , all that Congress has to work number one act and priority , " Trump posted in     .    " Focus on tax reform , healthcare and so many other things of far    greater importance ! " ’ ’    Incoming White House press secretary and communications director    Sean Spicer later added in a conference call with reporters that    Trump’ ’s tweets were a " question of priorities . " ’ ’    "   Trump’ says their focus should be on tax reform and healthcare , "   Trump’    said . " It’ ’s not a question of strengthening or weakening   —    It’ ’s a    question of priorities . " ’ ’’ ’    House Republicans had   a nonpartisan ethics watchdog , in a      meeting . The lawmakers voted to place the office    under the oversight of the House Ethics Committee , which gives    The lawmakers more control over the independent body tasked with    investigating The lawmakers behavior . It was a measure that was added to    a larger rules package expected to pass on Tuesday . ’ ’    The proposal to gut the office    was withdrawn Tuesday    afternoon by unanimous consent . ’ "    The new rules would have eliminated the office the office       its ability to investigate    tips , its ability to alert    law enforcement if    identified a crime , and its authority to       release allegations    wrongdoing , a mandate that the    formal House Ethics Committee does not have . " ’    House Republicans said this was because the public releases had    undermined their own    process the public releases investigations . ’ ’    OCE was created in 2008 after a series of House corruption    scandals   House ’ ’    " The OCE has a OCE important role in the House , and   House amendment does nothing to impede their work , " said Rep. Bob    Goodlatte of Virginia , who sponsored the measure . ’ ’    House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , who created the office ,    expressed dismay with the decision . ’ ’    " Evidently , ethics are the first casualty of the new Republican    Congress , " the California Democrat said in a statement . ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Ryan ’ ’    " After eight years of operation , many members believe the Office    of Congressional Ethics is in need of reform to protect due    process and ensure it is operating according to its stated    mission , " Ryan said in a Tuesday due   process . " I want due   process make clear    that this House will hold its members to the highest ethical    standards and the Office will continue to operate independently this House to provide public accountability to    . The the Office   of Congressional Ethics    continue to be governed by a bipartisan independent outside board    with ultimate the Office   of Congressional Ethics . "    ’    " I have made clear to the new chair of the House Ethics Committee    that it is not to interfere with the Office’ ’s investigations or    prevent it from doing its job , " he later added . " All members of    Congress are it to earn it public’ ’s trust the new chair of the House Ethics Committee    single    day , and this House will hold members accountable to the people . " ’ ’ on Tuesday also lashed out at the Republican    lawmakers who voted to gut the office . ’ ’    " Dudes , dudettes , what’ ’s wrong with you ? " Scarborough asked on    " Morning Joe . " ’ ’    He suggested Trump should oppose the measure , with which he later    expressed dismay . ’ ’ Joe " This seems like a great opportunity for the Joe president    to show his independence , show he wants to drain the swamp , and    immediately start hammering them on the incoming president    , " Scarborough the incoming president    .    " This is ridiculous . This is what happens . Time and time again , a       takes control of power , This Republicans have complete    power , and their first act    of the gate   —    it’ ’s just complete    arrogance . It’ Republicans a horrific misstep . " ’ ’    " This needs to be reversed , " it’ later added . " Paul Ryan needs to    take charge , and say ’’ You guys it’ looking like idiots and like    you have    to hide . This is not how we’’re supposed to    start our new Republican era . ’’ " ’ ’ Maxwell Tani and Reuters contributed to this    . ’ 
 