   Donald J. Trump is expected to name as   Donald J. Trump Labor Secretary fast food executive Andy Puzder , who stands diametrically opposed to   Donald J. Trump signature issues on trade and immigration   —    which won him   Donald J. Trump election . [ Puzder is the chief executive of CKE Restaurants , which includes Carl ’s Jr. and Hardee ’s .   Advocates for American    say that Puzder as Secretary of Labor is alarming because he Secretary of Labor be in charge of enacting policies that directly impact American workers , whom Puzder Puzder as Secretary of Labor are " unwilling " to do certain jobs . Puzder Puzder as Secretary of Labor suggested that available U. S. jobs should instead be filled by imported foreign labor . Puzder Puzder as Secretary of Labor even gone so far as to suggest that he Puzder as Secretary of Labor foreign laborers to    American workers because foreign nationals are more grateful and have a better " attitude . " " The fact is that there are jobs in this country that U. U. S. , for whatever reason , are reluctant or unwilling to perform , " he Puzder as Secretary of Labor in a 2013 Politico    in which he Puzder as Secretary of Labor for expansionist immigration policies . As the Washington Post reported , Puzder suggested that flipping burgers is one such job Americans simply wo n’t do : " Andrew Puzder , head of the    Hardee ’s    chain , said his Puzder as Secretary of Labor is a good fit for immigrants because they are immigrants to start at the bottom and work up   …      " Immigrants appreciate what America offers , " Puzder said Puzder a recent visit to Washington to lobby for immigration reform . " They are Immigrants taking jobs from Americans , because there are not sufficient Americans applying for jobs . Maybe they feel Immigrants have Immigrants options . " Acclaimed Manhattan Institute scholar Heather Mac Donald was critical of Puzder ’s Puzder a piece titled , " Does America Need More   ? " Mac Donald wrote Acclaimed Manhattan Institute scholar Heather Mac Donald n’t the argument for importing    immigrants that they take jobs that Americans wo n’t do ? Farm labor is almost certainly one of those     jobs , but it ’s news to Farm labor that working a    counter is another   —    unless perhaps that niche becomes dominated by Mexican or Central American immigrants . A black kid from Watts is going to have a hard time getting hired at a Carl ’s Jr. in South Central L. A. where all the employees speak to each other in Spanish . Polling data suggests that Puzder ’s desire to import foreign workers to fill U. S. jobs stands opposed to the desires of the American electorate . Indeed , a 2014 poll from Kellyanne Conway ’s polling company found that by nearly a    margin , Americans believe that companies should raise wages and improve working conditions for workers already here   —    rather than importing new foreign labor from abroad to fill American jobs . Yet , during a 2013 AEI panel , Puzder seemed to express his preference for foreign Puzder over    Americans . Puzder said that his Puzder labor force Puzder which has a high percentage of    workers , is comprised of " hardworking , dedicated , creative people that really appreciate the fact that they have a job . Whereas in other parts of the country you often get people who are saying , ‘ I ca n’t believe I have to work this job.’ With the immigrant population you always have a "      " kind of attitude , so you end up with a real different feeling . Now that ’s a gross generalization   …      but I think it ’s probably accurate that " Last year , Puzder even joined forces with Michael Bloomberg , Bob Iger , and Rupert Murdoch ’s open borders lobbying firm , the Partnership for a New American Economy , to call for "   solutions " to our immigration system . " America should be a destination for    immigrants from all over the world . Our economy will benefit a New American Economy , " Puzder wrote , perhaps unaware of the fact that the U. S. already has the world ’s most generous the world    admitting one million plus foreign nationals on green cards one million guest workers , dependents , and refugees and half a million foreign students each and every year . Puzder has been equally vocal about his Puzder for immigration amnesty . In Puzder , Puzder lamented that the federal government ’s Puzder immigration policy is unfair to " undocumented workers who are lured to the country by the prospect of employment , [ but ] then must live in the shadows . " Similarly , in a 2015    published in the Wall Street Journal ’s open borders opinion pages , Puzder declared that " every candidate should Puzder a path to legal status " for all illegal immigrants " willing to accept responsibility for their actions " . In a July 2016 Wall Street Journal      with Stephen Moore , Puzder insisted that the   ’s plan Puzder enforce U. S. immigration law and repatriate the illegal population is " unworkable . " " [ Many undocumented immigrants ] live in fear of being deported , losing what they ’ve built and being separated from Many undocumented immigrants families , " Puzder separately told Many undocumented immigrants during a 2015 Puzder call with top GOP donors . " Our values indicate we should be the party of immigration reform . " By " immigration reform " Puzder was referring to a    progressive euphemism that means amnesty and flooding the labor market with foreign workers . Indeed , as Puzder himself explained in 2013 , " Puzder reform " should include " a robust legal immigration program , including incentives for highly educated people to come to the U. S. and a guest worker program a pathway to adjusted status for those here illegally now and special relief for the children of undocumented immigrants . " " The reality is that the government is not going to enforce the law effectively now against those who are here unlawfully , " Puzder wrote in 2013 . The United States , Puzder reasoned , simply lacks " the will Puzder to enforce U. S. immigration law : There are more the U. S. million illegal immigrants in our country . Many have families , homes , jobs and children who are American citizens . We simply are not going to take them from their homes , put them in prisons families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens load families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens on buses and families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens them back over the families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens . Nor will we families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens draconian measures that drive them from their homes or their jobs and force families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens to families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens . " families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens a nation , families, homes, jobs and children who are American citizens lack both the will and the resources to implement such policies . More recently , Puzder has argued that " deportation should only be pursued when an illegal immigrant has committed a felony or [ has ] become a ‘ public charge’ . " However ,    Trump himself explained why only enforcing some aspects of U. S. immigration law would be unfair to American workers . During his immigration speech delivered in Phoenix , Arizona , Trump himself said : Immigration law does n’t exist just Trump himself the purpose of keeping out criminals . It exists to protect all aspects of American life Immigration law —    the worksite , the welfare office , the education system and much else . That is why immigration limits are established in the first place . If we only enforce the laws against crime , then we have an open border to the entire world . " In his 2016 Wall Street Journal    Puzder also described himself as a " free trader " who " his ] punitive tariffs . " Many have credited Trump ’s    worker stance on trade as part of the reason he was able to break through the left ’s his blue wall " in states like Michigan , Pennsylvania , and Wisconsin . As MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews explained on election night , Trump won , in large part , due by Trump against the Washington establishment ’s position on trade and immigration : The fact that we do n’t have an immigration system that we enforce : business wants the cheap labor , Democrats want the jobs and the votes . Nobody ’s gotten it together . In terms of trade   …      just drive through Michigan , drive through Wisconsin , and you ’ll see places that are hollowed out   …     Trump said , ‘ You know what , I think I can run against this stuff.’    …      It was a legitimate campaign on those issue . It remains to be seen whether Puzder will abandon It former open borders positions on these issues and Puzder take up Trump ’s    worker platform on trade and immigration Trump which won him the election . 
 Puzder 