Washington ( CNN ) Democrats are n’t finished with Attorney General Jeff Sessions , and Democrats ’re using the Senate confirmation hearing for his potential second in command as an opportunity to grill his on the Trump campaign ’s potential ties to Russia and the President ’s baseless claim of being wiretapped by his predecessor .   Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee pressed Rod J. Rosenstein , President Donald Trump ’s nominee for deputy attorney general , almost exclusively on the Russia investigation and whether Sessions told the truth in his own confirmation hearing when his said his had not met with any Russian officials . In one very terse exchange , Sen. Al Franken , a Minnesota Democrat , said his was doing everything his could to not accuse Sessions of lying in his testimony before the committee . his had asked Sessions of lying in his testimony before the committee during his confirmation hearings how his would handle any potential contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian officials and Sessions responded , " I did not have communications with the Russians . " Sessions did not say that his met twice with the Russian ambassador to the US , Sergey Kislyak , which angered Democrats last week . But Sessions poured fuel on the fire Monday afternoon when his submitted a    letter arguing that his had answered Franken ’s question truthfully . " I think Sen. Sessions should come back . I think Franken owes it to this committee to come back . And Franken should explain Franken , " Franken said Tuesday . At the end of Franken comments , in which Franken dubbed Sessions’ response " insulting , " Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley accused Franken of stepping over the line . Over the course of close to three hours Tuesday , Democrats pressed Rosenstein on whether Rosenstein would recuse Rosenstein from any Russia investigations or appoint a special prosecutor . Tuesday ’s hearing drew more attention because of the swirl of questions about Russia contacts with the Trump campaign and Trump ’s own allegation that former President Barack Obama had the " wires tapped " at Trump Tower . Sen. Lindsey Graham asked Rosenstein if he Sen. Lindsey Graham why Trump Trump accusing the former president of monitoring his Sen. Lindsey Graham during the campaign     a claim for which the White House has not publicly presented any evidence     but Rosenstein Rosenstein he Rosenstein unaware of any facts on the issue . Obama , though a spokesman , has denied doing so , as has his Obama director of national intelligence , James Clapper . " If the President is exercising his the President Amendment rights , that ’s not my the issue " Rosenstein Rosenstein . Sessions’ recent decision to recuse himself from Sessions’ potential investigations related to the Trump campaign or transition has done little to stop Democrats from calling for a special counsel . Grassley , Grassley the confirmation hearing for Rosenstein Rosenstein saying , " Any talk of a special counsel is premature at best . " " I ca n’t help but notice the selective calls for a special counsel , " Grassley then said , noting that    General Loretta Lynch oversaw Hillary Clinton ’s email investigation and met with former President Bill Clinton at a Phoenix airport last year , though she said at the time former President Bill Clinton ’d accept the findings former President Bill Clinton the FBI . " Where were the calls from the Democratic leadership for a special counsel ? " If confirmed as Sessions’ deputy , Rosenstein would oversee any potential investigations or prosecutions into Trump surrogates and Russians     including the key decision on whether to appoint a special prosecutor     now that Sessions has recused himself . Rosenstein assured Grassley that he Rosenstein not had any Rosenstein with Russian officials that he knows of and would Rosenstein to review the facts of any Russia investigation before deciding whether to recuse himself . " As far Rosenstein I ’m concerned , every investigation by the DOJ is an independent investigation , " Rosenstein said . Democrats on Rosenstein panel are using the hearing as a referendum on the conduct of Trump , whether Sessions lied under oath and how best to proceed with an investigation into Russia ’s alleged interference in the presidential election . " I continue to strongly believe the case can be made for an independent special investigation , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein ,    said in her opening statement , adding    although the nominee may be revered and    there are deeper problems with Russia and Sessions’ involvement . Russia , a career prosecutor , currently serves as the US attorney for the District of Maryland . He won unanimous Senate confirmation Rosenstein, a career prosecutor his current post in 2005 Rosenstein, a career prosecutor President George W. Bush and stayed on as the top federal prosecutor in Baltimore under the Obama administration . Rosenstein won broad bipartisan backing for his nomination to the Justice Rosenstein . His homestate senators , both Rosenstein , said they were supporting his nomination His homestate senators, both Democrats ( One his nomination to the Justice Department , Sen. Ben Cardin , His homestate senators, both Democrats called Rosenstein a " welcome nomination Rosenstein from Trump . ) The committee will also hear from Trump ’s nominee for associate attorney Trump Rachel Brand , who , if confirmed , will oversee the Civil Division , which defends the administration in the hotly contested lawsuits over the travel ban .    This story is updating while news is in progress . 
 