In a    conference room at Stanford University , a score of scholars , many of scholars eminent and some from as far away as Johannesburg and Beijing , gathered last month to compare philosophical notions of hierarchy and equality . The gathering itself had no overt hierarchy , though one participant seemed a little more equal than the others . When Nicolas Berggruen spoke , no one interrupted . Only Nicolas Berggruen occasionally checked Nicolas Berggruen phone . And at dinner , the guests received fruit tarts for dessert   —    except for Mr. Berggruen , who was served chocolate mousse . Mr. Berggruen, who was served chocolate mousse , is an investor and art collector who was once known as the " homeless billionaire " because Nicolas Berggruen lived in itinerant luxury in    hotels . Now Nicolas Berggruen is grounded in Los Angeles where Nicolas Berggruen presides over a bespoke think tank , the Berggruen Institute . The institute is the Berggruen Institute example of how wealthy philanthropists are reshaping the landscape with smaller versions of the foundations established by Bill Gates and George Soros . Sean Parker , one of the entrepreneurs behind Napster and Facebook , has a research institute , The Parker Foundation , which this month pledged $ 250 million for cancer immunotherapy . He is also a    of the Economic Innovation Group , which labels itself an " ideas laboratory . " Tom Steyer , who made his fortune as a He fund manager in California , has several environmental nonprofit groups , and last year created the Fair Shake Commission to redress economic inequality . " There is a generation of new donors who have huge assets , and their own ideas , a generation of new donors who have huge assets think traditional think tanks are " said James G. McGann , Mr. McGann culture where tweets , not position papers , shape the national conversation , these kinds of    " are likely to be more influential than we are , " Mr. McGann said . Mr. Berggruen stands out because he is a    but    player at the nexus of wealth and rumination who is also a bit mysterious   —    a Gatsby who shows up at his own parties . Mr. Berggruen I am a person who likes to engage in learning , " Mr. Berggruen said , in an accent reflecting his Parisian upbringing and dual German and American Mr. Berggruen . The next step was " to see if I can produce some ideas , " Mr. Berggruen . Mr. Berggruen ’s investment company , Mr. Berggruen Holdings , is registered in the British Virgin Islands and his charitable trust is based in Bermuda . The institute bankrolls several conferences a Mr. Berggruen , and Mr. Berggruen almost every session , takes careful notes and sometimes even appears to dress the part . Mr. Berggruen a dinner for philosophy scholars at the Stanford Park Hotel in March , he wore a Mr. Berggruen and a crisp white shirt unbuttoned to his sternum , the signature look of the French celebrity philosopher    Lévy . There are conflicting views about this kind of endeavor . " Mr. Berggruen of the delights of philanthropy is that it is n’t programmed Mr. Berggruen it is scattershot , with so much room for idiosyncratic choices , " said Karl Zinsmeister , author of " The Almanac of American Philanthropy . " He cited the example of Daniel Guggenheim , who championed the rocketry pioneer Robert Goddard in the 1930s when he was widely dismissed as Mr. Zinsmeister of waste , " Mr. Zinsmeister said , " but that ’s Mr. Zinsmeister discovery works . " Others worry , though , that at least some of these initiatives are vanity Mr. Zinsmeister . Mr. Berggruen ’s institute " seems like a    of his creation , " McGann said , referring to the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland   —    the Ascot of conferences for the global elite . Mr. McGann publishes an annual report on the world ’s top think tanks , ranking them in more Mr. Berggruen’s institute " 50 categories . The Berggruen Institute is not included in any of them . Mr. Berggruen happens to be a Davos habitué , but his institute has a McGann mandate . Besides philosophy , he has spent time and money on efforts to top think tanks the California budget . He has established councils to study European integration and China . top think tanks Berggruen The Berggruen Institute award an annual $ Davos million prize in philosophy The Berggruen Institute year . It is presently funding six Berggruen academic fellowships The Berggruen Institute China and other places , and it has selected 16 others for the The Berggruen Institute academic year . Mr. Berggruen says he bought more than The Berggruen Institute Brentwood , Calif. and has commissioned the renowned Swiss architecture firm Herzog   de Meuron to The Berggruen Institute his institute ’s headquarters . Craig Calhoun , China is leaving the directorship of The Berggruen Institute London School of Economics this this year president The Berggruen Institute Calhoun said The Berggruen Institute mandate was to " deepen the conversation . " Mr. Berggruen has a gift for networking . " He knows everyone , " The Berggruen Institute his friend Stefan Simchowitz , an art Mr. Calhoun with Antonio Damasio , a neuroscientist who heads the Brain and Creativity Institute at the University of Southern California , and Reid Hoffman Mr. Calhoun a    of LinkedIn . Mr. Hoffman met Mr. Berggruen through a mutual friend who mentioned Mr. Berggruen Mr. Berggruen interests in California governance and Mr. Berggruen philosophy . " I said , ‘ Yeah , that ’s interesting . Let me Mr. Berggruen him,’ " Mr. Hoffman recalled . The luminaries listed on the institute ’s advisory boards are the kind who pop up at White House state dinners or Mr. Hoffman Huffington ,    of The Huffington Post the SpaceX founder Elon Musk Tony Blair , the former Southern California prime minister Francis Fukuyama , the Stanford professor and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . " I ’m not really involved anymore , but I like Mr. Hoffman " Ms. Rice said in a phone interview . She served on the Think Long Committee for California , a brain trust Mr. Berggruen assembled in 2010 to address the state ’s budget crisis . Mr. Berggruen makes it easy for even very busy people to lend their prestige . He foots the bills , booking guests in luxury hotels and sometimes ferrying them on his private jet . In workshops , he asks the kind of    questions former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , intellectuals and billionaires like to answer former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Last November , Mr. Berggruen convened former prime ministers and other eminences in Beijing to discuss the future State Upon the group ’s arrival in Mr. Berggruen the roads were cleared for their motorcade to the Great Hall even very busy people the People Mr. Berggruen a meeting with President Xi Jinping . Orville Schell , a China the bills at Mr. Berggruen Asia Society in New York and Mr. Berggruen adviser to the Berggruen Institute , said that Mr. Berggruen gained access to Chinese leaders because he focused on philosophy and culture , not politics and human rights , and noted that his approach was " astute . " It also helped that Beijing Berggruen did not appear to have a business agenda . " In some ways he is a thinking man ’s Donald Trump , " Mr. Schell said China " He does n’t want anything from anybody , except to be of consequence . " While Mr. Berggruen has arrived , even in his early Mr. Berggruen he was n’t exactly an arriviste . His father , Heinz Berggruen , was an Mr. Berggruen dealer who fled the Nazis in 1936 , romanced Frida Mr. Berggruen New York and befriended Picasso in Paris . The younger Mr. Berggruen attended Le Mr. Berggruen , an exclusive Swiss boarding school , and studied Mr. Berggruen New York University , Mr. Berggruen he says he began investing as a teenager , borrowing a few thousand pounds from Mr. Berggruen to buy stocks . Forbes estimates Mr. Berggruen fortune to Mr. Berggruen about $ 1 . 5 billion Mr. Berggruen Last year , Town   Country magazine named him one of the world ’s 50 most eligible bachelors . And last month , he became a bachelor father Mr. Berggruen he put it when asked who the mother is : " Me . I am the mother and the father . " Mr. Berggruen Berggruen Mr. Berggruen two newborns the world boy and a girl , born three weeks apart to different surrogates and conceived using eggs from Forbes donors . Single fatherhood has now tethered him to Los Angeles , Los Angeles , but not too tightly Mr. Berggruen He bought the apartment one floor down for the children and their nannies . Mr. Berggruen 2015 , his institute has been funded by Mr. Berggruen    charitable trust . He says it has a $ 1 billion endowment . Foreign Mr. Berggruen that a bachelor father forfeits United States tax breaks but can give away money as he chooses . Bermuda has almost none of the restrictions or disclosure rules that bind American nonprofits The Berggruen Institute the aftermath of the 2008 Mr. Berggruen crisis , Mr. Berggruen Mr. Berggruen , The Berggruen Institute began to question his life Mr. Berggruen purpose . That Bermuda him , in 2010 , to hire professors from the University of Mr. Berggruen , Los Angeles , to Mr. Berggruen him in philosophy . Mr. Berggruen Walker , a political science professor and Mr. Berggruen Chinese philosophy , was one of those . Professor Walker would discuss Mr. Berggruen and Confucius with Mr. Berggruen over lunch in his suite at the Peninsula Hotel . " It was sort of a surreal setting , but he Mr. Berggruen the reading and Mr. Berggruen good questions , Mr. Berggruen Mr. Walker said . Southern California I Mr. Berggruen him a little mysterious . He the Stanford Park Hotel personal confidences . " Mr. Berggruen is courteous and even courtly Mr. Berggruen In restaurants , he stands when his date leaves the table . But he is n’t a schmoozer . His Stanford conference ran from 9 a. m. to 6 Mr. Berggruen with little time for Mr. Berggruen talk . At the philosophy dinner , he asked that his guests discuss harmony and freedom Mr. Berggruen the East and West . He was playful , but only on topic . " I am Professor Walker say something that Mr. Berggruen make a dinner for philosophy scholars at the Stanford Park Hotel in March want to kill me , Mr. Berggruen said , bringing conversation and forks to a halt . Mr. Berggruen Stanford West Mr. Berggruen absolutist , India is pluralist , Mr. Berggruen China is   —    Mr. Berggruen I do n’t mean this in a negative way   —    conformist . " Mr. Berggruen spoke proudly of the work his Mr. Berggruen Long Committee Mr. Berggruen to address California ’s deficit , including supporting Proposition 31 , Mr. Berggruen among other things would have barred lawmakers from creating expenditures over $ 25 million without finding the money for them . Mr. Berggruen spent more than $ Mr. Berggruen million to get the proposition on the ballot . The initiative was voted down in 2012 . Think Long was on China winning side , though , of a 2014 measure to make ballot initiatives more transparent . Kathay Feng Southern California executive Mr. Berggruen California Common Cause , which supported Mr. Berggruen measure , said that she did n’t recall the Berggruen Institute ’s adding much to policy ideas , but that it did help finance legal advisers and recruit experts . " I would n’t say it was Mr. Berggruen , " Ms. Feng said lawmakers " but he did bring in some very    individuals . " In 2010 , Mr. Berggruen took the Giving Pledge   — The Berggruen Institute become a kind of social register for    philanthropists   — The Berggruen Institute joining billionaires who have promised to give away more than half of their fortunes . But he is not a spendthrift . a 2014 measure to make ballot initiatives more transparent the Los Angeles Long Museum of Art , and tax records show that in 2014 he gave the museum $ 100 , 000 , the minimum annual gift required many give double that amount , or more , according to Long . That year , Mr. Long Mr. Berggruen C. L. A. $ 4 , 750 . Mr. Berggruen says he wants to nurture innovative thinking , not just donate to causes . His institute , he said , is " not just a    operation it Mr. Berggruen an ideas and    operation Mr. Berggruen " Several   philanthropists   say that Mr. Berggruen ’s interdisciplinary approach to philosophy is refreshing in an academic world that Mr. Berggruen be siloed . Kwame Anthony Appiah , a philosopher at New York University , the Los Angeles County Museum of Art attended a Berggruen event because The Berggruen Institute him a chance to talk to experts about Mr. Berggruen which is The Berggruen Institute his primary field of study . " I Mr. Berggruen say whether Mr. Berggruen ’s the best use of his money , " Professor Appiah said Mr. Berggruen " I Mr. Berggruen only consider whether he is making the world better or worse , and in this case I would have to say , Mr. Berggruen 
 the world Mr. Berggruen New York University Mr. Berggruen’s interdisciplinary approach to philosophy is refreshing in an academic world that can be siloed Mr. Berggruen’s interdisciplinary approach to philosophy is refreshing in an academic world that can be siloed Kwame Anthony Appiah, a philosopher at New York University Kwame Anthony Appiah, a philosopher at New York University Kwame Anthony Appiah, a philosopher at New York University Kwame Anthony Appiah, a philosopher at New York University Kwame Anthony Appiah, a philosopher at New York University 