TEL AVIV   —    As the Obama administration and Israel continue to negotiate a Memorandum of Understanding to govern military aid to Israel , Donald Trump adviser David Friedman told an Israeli news channel on Wednesday that Israel would Israel a better aid package under a future Trump presidency . [ " Our view is that the aid a better aid package not go down , it in all likelihood will go a better aid package in a materiel amount because Israel must Israel a technological and military superiority within in the region , " Friedman told Israel ’s Israel 2 .   " I ca n’t give advice on how Israel should Israel and how it should Israel its own Israel but certainly the Trump administration is not looking to cut back on foreign aid and will in all likely hood increase it significantly , " he stated . Some have recommended Friedman Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wait until after President Obama ’s term in office expires to finalize the renewal of a    defense package . Friedman ’s comments come on the same day Trump launched a blistering attack on Hillary Clinton ’s foreign and domestic policies . Trump said Clinton ’s actions as Trump of Hillary Clinton opened the Pandora ’s box of radical Islam " even while she " refuses to acknowledge the threat Hillary Clinton by Radical Islam . " In a televised address from his hotel in New York ’s SoHo neighborhood , Trump strongly criticized Clinton ’s policies while she was Secretary Hillary Clinton State , including Hillary Clinton leadership role in advocating for the Hillary Clinton S.   NATO intervention in Libya . Trump also spotlighted Clinton ’s role in Trump denying security Clinton’s the fated U. S. Special Mission in Benghazi , her support for the Muslim Brotherhood in Hillary Clinton and for the rebels targeting Syrian President Bashar   ’s regime , and her involvement with the Iran nuclear deal Hillary Clinton Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author Aaron Klein hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 Aaron Klein 