’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton took a commanding lead over Donald Trump in a new    national poll on Tuesday . ’ "    A new Bloomberg Politics poll , conducted by notable pollster Ann    Selzer , showed Hillary Clinton with a    lead over Hillary Clinton Republican    rival , garnering 49 % support to Donald Trump 37 % support . " ’    The poll surveyed 1 , 000 voters over three days beginning on June    10 , and contained a margin of error of 3 . 6 % . ’ "    Though Clinton ’s lead comes just weeks after polls showed that    the two presumptive nominees are running virtually tied in    hypothetical    matchups , it did n’t come as a    complete shock to some observers . " "    After contentious primaries , candidates   in their contentious primaries in polls after    securing their contentious primaries ’s nomination . Trump experienced a boost in       Trump among Republicans after his Trump rivals dropped    out following the Indiana primary . " ’’ ’    Trump Trump well in at least one area : national security . ’ ’    ’ ’    Some political observers speculated that the shooting could    benefit Trump , who has experienced a surge in polls after       that the US should bar all Muslims from entering the    US in the wake of a terrorist attack in San Bernardino ,    California . ’ ’    Indeed ,   released on Tuesday found Clinton with an    11 .   lead over Trump , down slightly from the    lead    she Clinton in several previous days leading up to the a terrorist attack in San Bernardino,   California ’ "    Still , the results of Tuesday ’s Tuesday that the attack a terrorist attack in San Bernardino,   California nearly enough to put a dent in the former    secretary of state ’s lead . Trump ’s insinuation that President    Barack Trump sympathized with the Orlando attacker was met with    61   Orlando disapproval , while 64 % of survey respondents expected him to    say more inflammatory statements Trump would upset Republicans . " ’    " Clinton has a number of advantages in this poll , in addition to    her lead , " Selzer said , Clinton to Bloomberg . " Her supporters    are more enthusiastic than Clinton ’s and more voters overall see    her becoming a more appealing candidate    Clinton that for Trump . " ’ ’    The Bloomberg poll was the second survey on Bloomberg to show    Clinton with a commanding lead . ’ "    An    weekly tracking poll released on Tuesday    morning   Clinton with a Tuesday over Trump , a      bump over NBC Trump tracking poll two weeks ago . " ’Hillary Clinton took a commanding lead over . Clinton 
 