Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " while commenting on Wikileaks releasing 20 , 000 emails that were stolen from the Democratic National Committee ’s servers , presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign manager Robby Mook said the Russian government was involved with the leak to help the Republican nominee Donald Trump get elected .    Partial transcript as follows : MOOK : Well , I think the DNC needs to look into this and take appropriate action and I ’m sure that the DNC will . What ’s disturbing to us is that us   —    experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC , stole these    and other experts are now saying that the Russians are releasing these these    the purpose of actually helping Donald Trump . I do n’t think it ’s coincidental that these    were released on the eve of our convention here . And that ’s disturbing . And I think we need our be concerned about that . I think we need our be concerned that we also our last week at the Republican convention that Trump and Donald Trump allies Donald Trump changes to the Republican platform to make it more the Republican platform Russian . And we saw him talking Donald Trump how NATO should n’t   —    necessarily intervene to defend our Eastern we allies if they are our Eastern European allies by Russia . If you put all this together it ’s all this disturb picture . TAPPER : What evidence is there that the Russians were behind this in terms of the hacking or in terms of the timing by Wikileaks ? MOOK : Well , we need to let the experts speak on this . It ’s this reported on in the press that the   —    that the hackers that got into the DNC are very likely to be working in coordination with Russia and , again , I think it ’s this —    if the Russians had these    I do n’t think it ’s the Russians had these    that they are these    released at this time to create maximum damage on Hillary Clinton and to help Donald Trump . TAPPER : It is a very , very strong charge that you ’re leveling here . You ’re basically suggesting that Russians hacked the Russians the DNC and now are releasing these files through Wikileaks to help elect Donald Trump . MOOK : Well , this is n’t my assertion . There are a number of experts that are asserting this . I think we need to get to the bottom of these facts . that are what experts are telling us . we have said it was the Russians who in fact went in and took these    and then if they are these    ones who took them we these    we infer that they are these    ones , then releasing them . these    Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 