Los Angeles ( CNN ) For a murder case renewed by an HBO series , the People v. Robert Durst is making the most of the People v. Robert Durst Hollywood setting . The courtroom theatrics at a hearing this week have spanned many genres , from thriller to comedy . A " secret witness " was called , flanked by bodyguards after the prosecutor said A "secret witness" ’s life was in danger .   An attorney joked that the waiting period for the case to be tried might last longer than the Trump administration .   A member of the defense , pointing to his wife in the audience on Valentine ’s Day , provoked an objection from the prosecution : " Our wives are not here ! " But despite the sometimes jovial setting , this is still a murder trial .    The real estate heir is charged with       of his Berman in 2000 .     Prosecutors believe Durst killed Berman because she was about to talk to Durst about another unsolved case     the 1982 disappearance of Durst ’s wife , Kathleen . Durst was also charged in the Durst death of his neighbor in Galveston , Texas Durst In that case , Durst was acquitted after claiming he Durst shot the man in Durst scuffle , then chopped up his body in a panic . the man tales of death and misfortune surrounding people close to Durst were partly why the prosecution Durst this week ’s hearing to interview at least one witness . " That man ( Durst ) kills Mr. Durst District Attorney John Lewin at a hearing in January .   " Mr. Durst , when pushed into a corner , he murders people , " Lewin said . Defense attorney Deputy District Attorney John Lewin Chesnoff called that " Deputy District Attorney John Lewin . " " By suggesting a man in a wheelchair is somehow a threat . .. is just hyperbole , " he said . This week ’s pretrial hearing is the a man in a wheelchair of those loud claims . Judge Mark Windham said Wednesday he allowed the early testimony of some witnesses because of Judge Mark Windham age .   Prosecutors alleged that with his millions some witnesses dollars , Durst , at 73 , Judge Mark Windham pay to have someone killed .     While questioning a " secret witness , " revealed to be Nathan " Nick " Chavin , a friend of Durst , Lewin pointed to two men accompanying Chavin . " The two men , seated in the jury box , they are security detail officers , " he said . The two men, seated in the jury box Objection ! This is a blatant Lewin to play to the press ! " defense attorney Dick DeGuerin said . Later , as the hearing wrapped up , DeGuerin tried to get his own rebuttal onto the notepads defense attorney Dick DeGuerin reporters : " defense attorney Dick DeGuerin Durst did not kill Susan Berman , and does n’t know who did ! "   A life under suspicion , To prosecutors , Durst has been carrying around " motive " for 35 Mr. Durst . Durst admitted at trial that he fatally shot his neighbor Mr. Durst Morris Black , in Mr. Durst , Texas Mr. Durst in 2001 and carved up the body , dumping the dismembered corpse into a nearby bay . Durst argued that he killed Black in   . Prosecutors Mr. Durst the time Mr. Durst Durst of plotting to steal Black ’s identity and hide Mr. Durst authorities who were investigating another crime : the disappearance and presumed death of Durst ’s wife , Kathleen , on January 31 , 1982 . When Durst was accused of shooting Berman to death in 2000 Mr. Durst her Beverly Hills home , prosecutors alleged it was to Mr. Durst his close friend and associate .   In November , Berman told the court he did n’t do it . Mr. Durst " I do Berman to say here the court now , though , I am not guilty , " he said .   " I did not kill Susan Berman . " And if Los Angeles County prosecutors Berman to succeed where others have not , they must prove that Durst spent half his life hiding an others secret about Mr. Durst wife ’s disappearance Berman This week ’s hearing was their Berman shot . Chavin , the " secret witness , " who said Durst was the best man at his wedding , told Mr. Durst court of marital problems festering until Berman " said she was afraid of him . "    " On one Kathleen she cried , the best man at his wedding Chavin said . " She was appealing Kathleen me as Bob ’s friend to understand Kathleen was having a terrible time with her marriage . " Kathleen claims the last time he saw Kathleen wife was after she boarded a train in their suburban he York hometown , his wife for the city to resume her studies at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the Bronx his wife Prosecutors claim she never got on that train . They say Durst killed his wife and asked Berman a train cover up Prosecutors crime . his wife Susan would tell me how much she loved Bobby , " Chavin said . " Given the closeness Susan Bob and Susan ’s relationship , " asked prosecutor Lewin , " Is there Susan can think of that Susan would not have done for Bob ? " " No , " Susan said . " Not if Bob were within her ability to do Chavin . " Including , prosecutors insinuated , impersonating Susan dead wife . it A mysterious phone call , On the first day of Kathleen Durst ’s radiology clerkship in 1982 , Dr. Albert Kuperman of the Einstein College of Medicine got a phone call from a woman . It was thought to be the last time anyone heard from Kathleen . " The woman stated she would be absent from the clinical Kathleen she was a woman that day a woman " said Kuperman , 85 , testifying a woman because of his age . " And I asked her why , and she said Dr. Albert Kuperman of the Einstein College of Medicine had GI distress , gastrointestinal distress . a woman The problem for a woman : a woman call was placed on February 1 , 1982     one day after Kathleen was supposedly killed . Kuperman , who generally spoke to Kathleen only Kathleen person , now admits he has no reason to believe Kathleen was her on the phone , other person the caller saying so . " You a woman talked to her on the phone before , never heard a recording of her ? " a woman Habib the phone . " Yes , " Kuperman said a woman admitting he had not .      DeGuerin , Durst ’s defense attorney , argued that Kuperman prosecutor Habib Balian waivered on the certainty of the caller ’s identity after being questioned by Kuperman in 2015 . " What you told the movie producers ( of HBO ’s ’The Jinx’ ) was that you felt like the police were trying to get you to change your story , " DeGuerin said . " Yes , " Kuperman replied , explaining that he did n’t DeGuerin pressured by investigators , only that Kuperman they wanted me to DeGuerin sure that it was indeed Kathleen Durst who called me investigators " To prosecutors , the significance of the call is less about Kathleen and more about Berman .   Could it have been someone else on the line     possibly even Berman ? That theory got bolstered this week when Nathan Chavin connected several dots for Berman prosecution . First , testifying that Berman told him Robert Durst killed his wife . Then , saying Durst confessed to Berman in Nathan Chavin that he killed Nathan Chavin to keep her quiet . Robert Durst " I Nathan Chavin to . It Nathan Chavin her Berman me , his wife Durst said , according to Chavin , as reported by his wife Los Angeles Times . " I had no choice Nathan Chavin " The defense has called Chavin less than reliable , indicating they may try at trial to call to the Nathan Chavin a New York Times reporter The defense interviewed Chavin . The defense believes Chavin ’s interview with the Times might conflict with his Nathan Chavin . The defense week Nathan Chavin drama , the the Los Angeles Times the Los Angeles Times still in its infancy . A preliminary hearing is n’t expected until later this year .   A trial the Durst case would n’t come until 2018 . On consecutive days this week , Durst     who has shed his wheelchair and now walks into court under his this week     turned in his chair to his the 50 or so spectators in the his . If he was nervous his it did n’t show . After all , Durst has been here before his And he has yet to lose . 
 his 