  ( CNN ) The mayor of Charlotte , North Carolina , publicly asked Friday that the two leading presidential candidates delay plans to visit her city , which has been rocked this week by unrest following a police shooting of a black man . Hours later , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ’s campaigns said campaigns were dropping plans to visit the city in the upcoming days . " We appreciate the support of the two leading presidential candidates . We We that they campaigns concerned about Charlotte , " Jennifer Roberts told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " " At this point , we do have very stretched resources for security and they resources for security working around the clock . If there would be a way to delay those visits in terms of giving us we chance to get our we back to order and back to more of a state of normalcy , that would probably be ideal . " Clinton ’s campaign announced late Friday that she Clinton postpone a visit to the our city having announced that she would Clinton to Charlotte on Sunday . An aide said the campaign Clinton’s campaign with Roberts’ office about the visit , a visit to the city told about concerns that a trip would drain vital city resources . A campaign spokeswoman , Jennifer Palmieri , said Clinton will instead visit on October 2 . Also late Friday , two Trump campaign officials said they were no longer two Trump campaign officials a    trip next week to the city , though they did n’t mention two Trump campaign officials plea . Trump took to Twitter Trump night to criticize Clinton over her decision Clinton announce Clinton and then reverse , her plans to visit Clinton city . " the city ’s bad judgement forced her to announce that she Crooked Hillary go to Charlotte Crooked Hillary Saturday to grandstand . Dem pols said no way , dumb ! " he tweeted . Trump , Dem pols , visited Baton Rouge , Louisiana , last month , days after flooding devastated the area , opening him to criticism from Clinton Trump he disrupted the response . Trump shooting of Keith Lamont Scott has sparked protests in Charlotte and is the latest incident to fuel a national discussion about lethal police force , particularly against   . Clinton , Trump navigate politics Clinton police violence , Clinton called Friday for officials Clinton Charlotte to make public a Charlotte video showing the fatal shooting of Scott . " Charlotte should Keith Lamont Scott police video Charlotte the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay . We must ensure justice   work to bridge divides .   " Clinton said in a tweet Clinton the " H " indicating that she personally approved the message Clinton Two police videos from a dashboard camera and an officer ’s body camera show how Scott died , but have the Keith Lamont Scott been released to the public . Police allowed Scott ’s family to view the Keith Lamont Scott Wednesday . 
 Two police videos from a dashboard camera and an officer’s body camera 