Washington ( CNN ) The investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election is partly focusing on Jared Kushner , President Donald Trump ’s     and a key aide , The Washington Post and NBC News reported Thursday . Previous reporting has said other members of Trump ’s orbit are also focuses of The investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election , but the reports Thursday evening were the first to name a current White House official . The Justice Department earlier this month appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to handle the investigation into all matters related to Russian involvement in the election , including potential collusion with Trump Trump’s and potential attempts to influence the The investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election Kushner has also drawn increased scrutiny in recent months , as reports have showed that he met with Kushner representative of a Russian bank under Russian sanctions prior to Trump ’s inauguration Trump’s to disclose the meeting .   The Senate intelligence committee signaled in March that it was reviewing information The Senate intelligence committee Kushner ’s Russian contacts and his Russian arranging meetings Kushner At the time , Kushner offered to meet Kushner the committee voluntarily . The Senate intelligence committee not yet been Kushner to testify , however . In response to the reports Thursday evening , Kushner ’s attorney told CNN Kushner would provide details of the Kushner meetings to any investigation , including the special counsel . " Mr. Kushner previously volunteered to share Kushner what he knows about these meetings , " Kushner Gorelick , the Russia meetings attorney , told CNN . Kushner will do the same CNN he is Kushner in connection with any other Kushner . " Since Trump has taken office , Kushner has emerged as one of Trump ’s Kushner trusted aides , and his portfolio Trump expanded to include finding peace Kushner the Middle East and reshaping the federal government . 
 