’   ’ "    A top White House spokeswoman was grilled by reporters during    Thursday ’s White House press briefing   —    one that came as several    White House storylines were   by acting McCabe " ’    The briefing came after McCabe , in testimony to the Senate    Intelligence Committee , rebuked the White House claim that       FBI agents supported the decision to oust FBI FBI Director James Comey earlier this week . ’ ’    And just an hour earlier , Trump   advanced by officials as high as Vice    President Mike Pence , that Trump decided to oust Comey at    the recommendation of Deputy Attorney Trump   Rod Rosenstein . FBI   Director James Comey Instead , Trump said he was going to fire Comey regardless    any    Trump   . Trump   ’    Trump also FBI   Director James Comey Comey a "    " and a " " Trump      explained FBI   Director James Comey curious claim from his letter firing Comey    that the FBI director told him on Trump   occasions   FBI   Director James Comey bureau was leading an    investigation the FBI director potential collusion between the Trump campaign    and Russian officials to swing the November presidential    election Trump   and critics have accused Trump of ousting Comey to    help end the investigation . ’ ’ Trump   Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the White House an   investigation into potential collusion between the Trump campaign   and Russian officials to swing the November presidential   election secretary ,    was relentlessly pressed with a barrage of questions on    those subjects . ’ ’    " You said now today , and    think you said again yesterday , that    you personally have talked to countless FBI officials employees    since this happened , " a reporter asked , referring to Sanders ’’    claim Wednesday that the FBI’ ’s     supported Comey’ ’s    dismissal . ’ ’    " Correct , " she responded . ’ ’    " I mean , really ? ! " the reporter shot back . ’ ’    Sanders said that " between email a reporter messages " she " absolutely "    Sanders from many agents who agreed with the president’ ’s she . ’ ’    The reporter asked for a number . ’ ’    " 50 ? 60 ? a reporter " he asked . ’ ’    " Look , we’’re not going to get into a a reporter game , " Sanders said .    " I have heard from a large number of individuals who work Sanders the    FBI who said they’’re very happy with the president’ ’s decision . " ’ ’    Sanders was asked earlier about what led the president’’s decision House    to " believe Sanders Comey " lost the confidence of the FBI when [ McCabe ]    says it’ ’s exactly the opposite . " ’ ’    " the   FBI I can speak to my own personal experience , " she said .    " I’’ve heard from countless members of the FBI who are grateful    for the president’ her decision . You know , we may have to agree the   FBI disagree . I’’m sure there are some people who are disappointed .    But I’’ve certainly heard from a large    of individuals , and    that’ ’s just myself . And I    even I’’ve that many people in the    FBI . " ’ "    A reporter brought up how Pence said repeatedly    Wednesday that Trump made the   FBI of    Rosenstein ’s recommendation , a point that Trump himself    contradicted during his    with NBC ’s Lester Trump . " ’    ’ ’    " That doesn’’t mean he still    accept his Trump himself    , "    Sanders said . " I mean , why are we arguing about the semantics doesn’’t    whether or wouldn’’t he accepted it ? They agreed ! " ’ ’    " I’’m not sure how he didn’’t accept the deputy attorney general’   Sanders    the semantics of    when they agreed with each other , " she continued . ’ ’   Sanders Sanders said it was " frankly . .. kind of They " that Democrats    didn’’t unite with the White House on the   Sanders issue . ’ "    Democrats had criticized Comey for his handling of the    investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary    Clinton ’s use of a private email server while Comey served Comey    secretary of state under President Barack Obama . Rosenstein used    that rationale to explain why he should be Clinton in a letter    he addressed to Attorney General Jeff Sessions . " ’    " Democrats want to Rosenstein partisan games , and I think that’ Rosenstein the    most glaring thing that’ ’s being left out of all of your process    stories , " she told the White House correspondents . ’ ’    Asked if she felt the president asking a sitting FBI director    about whether he was under investigation was a conflict of    interest or she , Sanders said she did not believe it was . ’ the president    " I don’’t see that as a conflict of interest , the president neither she the    legal scholars and others that have been commenting on it for the    last hour , " she said . " So no , I don’’t see that as an issue . " ’ ’    On Trump calling Comey she " showboat " and a " "    Sanders said it was " probably based on the numerous appearances    that he made . " ’ ’    " And I think that it’ ’s probably pretty evident in his behavior    over the   Sanders year or so with the     and I think that    it speaks pretty clearly , " it’ said . " Those words don’’t leave a    lot of room for interpretation , so    think it’ ’s pretty clear       he meant . " ’ ’    After saying the firing encouraged the White House to have it’    confidence the investigation    it’ interference could be    completed , a reporter asked how that could be if Trump " just    fired the man who was overseeing the Russia investigation ? " ’ ’    " There are multiple people that are a part of this and it’ ’s not    just the FBI , " Sanders said . " You’’ve got the House committee , the    Senate committee and , look , again , the point is we want this to    come to its conclusion , we want this to come to conclusion with    integrity , and we think that we’’ve actually , by removing       Comey we taken steps to make that happen .    ’ ’    we said Comey was fired " because he was not fit to do the job . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s that simple Director   Comey " Sanders said . Director   Comey This shouldn’’t be a    complicated process . The president knew that Director Comey was    not up to Director   Comey task . He decided he wasn’’t the right person in the Director   Comey . He wanted Director   Comey could bring credibility back to the    FBI that Director   Comey been Director   Comey over this last several months . The    president Director   Comey that decision , he made it , he moved forward , it    was the right one . " ’ ’A Director   Comey spokeswoman was grilled by . .. Director   Comey ’’ that decision ’’ Director   Comey that decision 