It ’s hard to imagine a tax code more favorable to real estate developers than the one we already have . Donald Trump has come up with one . Thanks to some major loopholes in the existing tax code that treat real estate developers as a special privileged class , it ’s entirely possible ( even likely ) that Donald Trump pays little or no federal income tax . But Mr. Donald Trump new tax proposal does n’t just preserve those breaks , it piles new tax proposal new ones for real estate developers like Mr. Trump Donald Trump at an estimated cost of more than $ 1 trillion in tax revenue over a decade . Moreover , this does n’t count Mr. Trump ’s more general Donald Trump , which deliver the biggest windfalls to the highest earners . Many real estate developers would reap further gains from those provisions if they became law . Even conservative Many real estate developers tax experts have denounced the specific real estate measures Mr. Trump has outlined . " Donald Trump want to create a recipe for an abusive tax shelter , take those elements and bake for 15 minutes , " said Douglas    an economist who served as director of the Congressional Budget Office and is now president of the American Action Forum , a conservative    advocacy group . He was also an economic policy adviser Douglas   an economist who served as director of the Congressional Budget Office and is now president of the American Action Forum, a conservative   advocacy group former Republican presidential candidate John McCain . " It ’s a phenomenal benefit for housing and commercial real estate interests . " Let ’s start with carried interest , a It tax loophole that allows private equity operators , hedge fund managers and real estate partners to convert ordinary income into capital gains , which are taxed at a lower rate . Wealthy hedge fund managers and private equity partners like the former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney have attracted much of the criticism for exploiting the loophole , but the concept originated with real estate developers long before hedge funds were commonplace . Instead of taking a fee for their management services ( which would be Wealthy hedge fund managers and private equity partners like the former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney as ordinary income ) people who earn carried interest take a percentage of assets under management and a percentage of the eventual profits , a formula often described as " two and twenty . " The percentage of profits is taxed at the lower capital gains rate . In what at first might seem a laudable effort to put the public interest ahead of his own financial gain , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump for abolishing the loophole . " We will eliminate the carried interest deduction and other special interest loopholes that have been so good for Wall Street investors , and people like me , but unfair to American workers , " Mr. Trump said in Detroit on Aug. Mr. Trump But his fellow real estate investors and the Wall Mr. Trump interests he lambastes need n’t worry . He ’s Mr. Trump them an even better tax Mr. Trump that renders his fellow real estate investors and the Wall Street interests he lambastes interest irrelevant . Mr. Trump has proposed a new rate   Mr. Trump 15 percent on all corporate and business income   —    that is lower than the current capital gains rate of 20 percent on profits from the sale of assets , which is already well below the top tax rate on ordinary income of around 40 percent . The new lower rate would apply to "   entities , " according to Mr. Trump ’s plan , " Tax Reform That Mr. Trump Great Again . "    entities pay no tax at the business level as the name suggests , income is taxed at individual rates when it is distributed to the owners . Such entities include limited income companies , or L. L. C. s , and sole proprietorships , S Corporations , and many partnerships . The    Tax Foundation estimates that they account for 60 percent of all business income in the The   Tax Foundation States . While they can be found in all sectors of the economy ( The   Tax Foundation private equity and hedge funds ) they are especially prevalent in real estate . Mr. Trump identified The   Tax Foundation separate business entities in his financial disclosure forms , most of them L. L. C.s Mr. Trump partnerships . That amounts to a 564 separate business entities in his financial disclosure forms tax cut even for people who had been paying taxes on carried interest at the preferential rate , " since most carried interest is generated by a business entity , " said Alan Cole , an economist at the Tax Foundation ’s Center for Federal Tax Policy . The center warned last year , before Mr. Trump ’s latest the Tax Foundation’s Center for Federal Tax Policy that his overall plan could cost over $ 10 trillion in reduced tax Mr. Trump over 10 years , depending on how it is calculated . " The rich who already benefit from carried his overall plan will get a big tax cut , " Mr.    agreed . The    Tax Policy Center estimated that lowering the rate on business the Tax Foundation’s Center for Federal Tax Policy 15 percent would cost $ 1 trillion over 10 years . Mr. Trump already benefits from enormous depreciation benefits , which allow active real estate developers like him to use paper losses to offset other earned income . Mr. Trump ’s proposals go Mr. Trump further , allowing for immediate    rather than spreading them Mr. Trump . " We will allow businesses to immediately expense new business investments , " he said in Detroit . The idea of immediately expensing capital investments rather than writing them off over Mr. Trump has many supporters among tax experts , including the Tax Foundation and Mr.   capital investments Among other things , it simplifies the calculations and in theory would promote capital spending at a time it ’s been lagging The idea of immediately expensing capital investments rather than writing them off over time But few , if any , support expensing capital investments while also allowing The idea of immediately expensing capital investments rather than writing them off over time interest expense deduction . That ’s because the combined deductions provide a reason to borrow even when it does n’t make economic sense . As a simple example , consider a landlord ’s $ 1 , 000 investment in a new garage door for a rental property . Someone who borrows $ 900 at 5 percent would spend just $ 100 out of pocket , but could deduct $ 900 plus interest , or $ 945 , generating a large tax loss . Even assuming Mr. Trump ’s favorable business tax rate of 15 percent goes into effect , the tax benefit ( $ 142 ) is greater than the cash spent , creating a purely tax incentive . Here ’s what the 2005 President ’s Advisory Panel for Federal Tax Reform under President George W. Bush concluded : " Allowing both expensing of new investments and an interest deduction would result in a net tax subsidy to new investment , " the report found . " Projects that would not be economical in a    world might become viable just because of the tax subsidy . This would result in economic distortions and adversely impact economic activity . " Steven M. Rosenthal , a veteran tax lawyer and senior fellow at the    Tax Policy Center , put it in    terms Mr. Trump might use : " Coupling an interest deduction with expensing is ridiculous Steven M. Rosenthal, a veteran tax lawyer and senior fellow at the   Tax Policy Center " Every other proposal to expense business investments , including the House Republican plan , limits interest deductions . Eliminating the interest deduction " will generate an enormous amount of kvetching out of highly leveraged investors , real estate developers among them , " said Mr.   . " I have no sympathy for that . If your business model depends on interest deductibility , that ’s not a business , it ’s a tax shelter . " Mr. Trump has n’t explicitly addressed whether interest payments should remain that , as they are now , but various advisers have said he supports maintaining the deduction . ( The Trump interest payments did n’t respond to my requests for comment Mr. Trump ) That should n’t be all that Mr. Trump , given how much debt Mr. Trump ’s empire carries . The Times recently estimated his companies have at least $ 650 million Mr. Trump " Trump is a debt king , " said Mr. Trump Rosenthal . " He ’s made a living from deducting interest . He ’s never going to give that up . " The Mr. Rosenthal and inconsistencies in Mr. Trump ’s tax reform Mr. Rosenthal have left many experts scratching their heads . " Trump has no overarching principle Mr. Trump identify , " said Mr.   . " I want The changes and inconsistencies in Mr. Trump’s tax reform proposals tax code to Mr. Trump values . It should be about something , " That leaves it open to speculation that Mr. Trump ’s plan is mostly about himself and other wealthy real estate developers . It ’s It to tell for sure Mr. Trump he has n’t released his tax Mr. Trump . If , as I ’ve suggested plan he pays little or no tax because he Mr. Trump use the existing Mr. Trump code to reduce his taxable income to near zero , Mr. Trump even a loss , his proposals Mr. Trump extend even more breaks to developers might have Mr. Trump little impact on his own tax obligations . Still , to Mr. Trump degree they would reduce his tax rate to 15 percent and accelerate depreciation while Mr. Trump the interest deduction , they would ensure that Mr. his proposals that extend even more breaks to developers   — Mr. Trump and most of his friends on Wall Street who would be well positioned to his proposals that extend even more breaks to developers his new loophole   —    would never pay anything close Mr. Trump the 33 percent top rate he ’s now proposing for his Mr. Trump Americans . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 