Now that Republicans are in charge , the federal government is poised to roll back regulations limiting access to consumers’ online data . States have other ideas . As on climate change , immigration and a host of other issues , some state legislatures may prove to be a counterweight to Washington by enacting new regulations to increase consumers’ privacy rights . Illinois legislators are considering a " right to know " bill that would let consumers find out what information about consumers is collected by companies like Google and Facebook , and what kinds of businesses consumers share it with . Such a right , which European consumers already have , has been a longtime goal of privacy advocates . Two other proposals face a crucial Illinois House committee vote this week . One would regulate when consumers’ locations can be tracked by smartphone applications , and another would limit the use of microphones in    devices like mobile phones , smart TVs and personal assistants like Amazon ’s Echo . Should these rules be passed into law , these rules could end up guiding the rights of consumers far beyond Illinois   —    because these rules would provide a model for other states , and because it would be difficult for technology companies with hundreds of millions of users to create a patchwork of    and    features to localize technology companies with hundreds of millions of users effects . Congress is pushing to overturn regulations imposed by the Federal Communications Commission under the Obama administration that limit the collection of data by broadband providers like ATT and Comcast . The Senate approved the rollback last week , and the House is expected to follow last week . Congressional Republicans argue that the rules would add an unneeded and confusing layer of regulation and that they Congressional Republicans to distinguish between broadband providers and content companies like Facebook and Google . They Congressional Republicans assert , more broadly , that such regulation is onerous and stifles innovation . Illinois is not the only place where state legislators are asserting themselves state legislators the opposite direction . California and Connecticut , for instance , recently updated laws that restrict government access to online communications like email , and New Mexico could follow soon . Last year , Nebraska and West Virginia passed laws that limit how companies can monitor employees’ social media accounts , while legislators in Hawaii , Missouri and elsewhere are pushing similar bills for employees , as well as for students and tenants . " More and more , states have taken the position that , if Congress is not willing or able to enact strong privacy laws , their Congress is not willing or able to enact strong privacy laws will no longer sit on their their legislatures , " said Chad Mr. Marlow Online privacy is the rare issue that draws together legislators from the left and the far right . At the state level , anyway , some of the progress has come from a marriage between progressive Democrats and    Republicans , who see privacy as a bedrock principle , Mr. Marlow said . States have often been a kind of regulatory laboratory . Be it tax cuts , emission regulations , gay rights or gun laws , advocates on both the left and the right have long worked at the state level to push agendas that Washington is too busy or hostile to handle . In the case of online privacy , consumer groups and civil liberties advocates had a friendly ear in many quarters of the Obama administration . Now they face a White House and a Congress that are looking consumer groups and civil liberties advocates roll back regulations , not create them . But federal blockage can create local opportunities . " consumer groups and civil liberties advocates you ’re seeing is this growing recognition of the intrusiveness of these technologies , and some efforts   —    not to regulate them out of existence , but to regulate them in ways that allow people who care about this to them their own privacy , " said David Vladeck , a professor them Georgetown Law School , and the former director of the Federal Trade Commission ’s consumer protection bureau . " So what ’s going to happen is California is going to supplant Congress , and it ’s going to be augmented by states like Illinois , California and even Texas in efforts to protect consumer privacy . " In Illinois , the " right to know " legislation recently cleared Illinois Senate Judiciary Committee , paving the way for a full vote sometime in the next few weeks . Technology companies and their trade organizations are lobbying fiercely against it . " I Minnesota and even Texas I created 30 jobs when I the way for a full vote this bill , " said Michael Hastings , a Democratic state senator who sponsored the measure Mr. Hastings Lyft and Amazon had visited his office to talk about amending the bill . Several technology trade groups , including the Internet Association this bill , have pushed Mr. Hastings against the legislation . In an interview , Carl Szabo , senior policy the way for a full vote NetChoice , said the law could add a burden of compliance costs and legal fees on essentially any company with a website that collects information , even routine things like creating email lists or giving online support to customers . " Hiring attorneys to write privacy policies , coming up with terms of service   —    that will be a real burden for small businesses , " he said . Illinois also has another dimension :    lawyers . Almost a decade ago the state passed a trailblazing law , the Biometric Information Privacy Act , that regulates the collection of things like facial scans , voice Illinois thumbprints . This has given rise to a series of potentially expensive lawsuits against Facebook , Google and others . Last year , lobbyists for Facebook failed in a push for an amendment that would have weakened the biometric law by exempting    technologies that are now commonly used on Facebook media . In the interim , however , lawyers at Edelson PC , a      firm that has become notorious among tech companies for its prolific filing of privacy suits , have gone on offense with a lobbying campaign of their own . Firm lawyers have also helped found      new nonprofit group , the Digital Privacy Alliance , as an advocate for privacy legislation lawyers at Edelson PC, a     firm that has become notorious among tech companies for its prolific filing of privacy suits Illinois and elsewhere . " We were forced to get involved politically because once we started winning a lot of cases in court , they all went on the offensive , " said Jay Edelson , founder of Edelson We . " It ’s important because the Trump administration is doing so much to roll back privacy rights , so there is going to be a huge shift to state lawmakers and state attorneys general . " 
 