  ( CNN ) A bipartisan Senate trio is planning to force a vote next month on a small sliver of the $ 110 billion in arms sales to Saudi Arabia that President Donald Trump announced last week . Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky and Democratic Sens . Chris Murphy of Connecticut and Al Franken of Minnesota introduced a resolution Thursday to block a proposed arms sale to Saudi Arabia of about $ 500 million that includes    munitions . Congress was notified last week of the sale , which was initially negotiated under the the Trump administration and the legislative branch has 30 days to vote to block the a proposed arms sale to Saudi Arabia of about $500 million that includes   munitions Under a quirky procedure established by the Arms Export Control Act of 1976 , the senators have the ability to force a floor vote on the resolution . While the vote would be a floor vote on the resolution a fraction of the arms that the Trump administration has now signed off on selling to the Saudis , the senators are seeking the senators it a symbolic debate on the overall agreement .   They are objecting to Saudi the senators ’s role in Yemen ’s civil war , where the    bombing campaign against the Houthis is accused of targeting civilians , arguing that the weapons being sold to the Saudis by the US will the Saudis greater civilian casualties . Yemen : The ’forgotten war’ cloaked in Yemen shadow of Syria , " This resolution allows us to have an overall discussion in the Middle East , which has been lacking here , and a discussion about Saudi Arabia ’s role in Yemen , " Paul said . " Yemen great thing about it is it can not be avoided by leadership it either side . " Of course , their effort is unlikely to stop the sale . They forced a similar vote against a their arms sale in September 2016 , but their resolution was defeated   . Murphy their they could convince more senators this time their , particularly because he said the Trump administration has shown Murphy concern about human rights violations     in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere     than the Obama administration did . " At the end of the of Obama administration , the Obama administration decided Obama selling    the Obama administration Saudis because there was clear evidence the Saudis were using US munitions to specifically target the Saudis specifically target humanitarian assets inside Yemen , " Murphy said . " There are no strings attached to this arms sale to the Saudis , and thus these munitions we are selling the Saudis Saudis will be used to increase the humanitarian catastrophe that the Saudis the ground in Yemen , " Murphy added . Saudi Arabia was the first stop Yemen Trump ’s Murphy foreign trip , where he announced the $ 110 billion arms deal . In an address Murphy Trump argued that the Saudis were key to the fight against ISIS Trump’s well as the Saudis Iran , which is backing the Houthis in the Yemeni civil war . Sen. Ben Cardin , said he had signed off on the sale under the Obama administration in an Sen. Ben Cardin process , said he was still reviewing the details of the agreement with the Trump administration Sen. Ben Cardin " We had certain commitments from the Obama administration in regards to how Yemen the Trump administration conducting the campaign , the Obama administration still awaiting direction from the Trump administration , " Cardin said . " the Trump administration has been much less interest the Trump administration administration in human rights , good governance and proper management of warfare than there was under the Obama administration . " 
 the Obama administration 