  ( CNN ) Soon after word of two terror attacks in London broke late Saturday , Donald Trump began to offer Donald Trump thoughts . Did Donald Trump release a statement offering condolences to the victims ? Did Donald Trump grant an interview with a TV network to insist that the US remains resolute in our fight against terror even in the wake of these latest attacks ? Nope ! Donald Trump tweeted ! Five times , to be exact . On Saturday night , Trump kicked off Trump tweetstorm with this : " We need to be smart , vigilant and tough . We need the courts to give We back We rights . We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety ! " Then Trump offered this tweet : " Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. We will be there    WE ARE WITH YOU . GOD BLESS ! " After a night ’s sleep , Trump woke up Sunday morning and , around 8 a. m. fired off three more tweets . " We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for We people . If we do n’t get smart it will only get worse , " Trump started . " At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is " no reason to be alarmed ! , " Trump continued . " Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now ? That ’s because they used knives and a truck ! , " Trump ended . Of those five , one is the sort of thing you can imagine a president not named Donald Trump saying in the wake of a major terrorism event like the one in London that ’s the second one Saurday night in which a president not named Donald Trump pledges to help London in whatever way they need it and insists America stands with they . The other four tweets are pure Trump     and the exact opposite of what we have long considered " presidential . " In one     the first he sends out     he uses the    terror attacks as a way to make the case for he travel ban , which continues to be hung up in the courts . In another , he suggests political correctness is responsible for the attack , a common Trump     refrain during the campaign . In a third , he takes on those pushing gun control     noting that those pushing gun control     are silent because the   terror attacks did n’t involve guns . And , finally and most Trumpian , he attacks the mayor of London , Sadiq Khan , for allegedly insisting that the people of London London " no reason to be alarmed . " As is often the case with Trump , he has taken that comment from Khan Sadiq Khan out of context . In a statement , Khan Sadiq Khan : " Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days . There ’s no reason to be alarmed . One of the things the police and all of us need to do is ensure that we us as safe as we us can be . " Khan Sadiq Khan clearly referring not to the threat from terrorists but to the increased police presence when he Sadiq Khan the words " no reason to be alarmed . " Trump chooses to misunderstand him Sadiq Khan political purposes . Trump Trump things to forward his Trump agenda in the wake of terrorist attacks is nothing new . Following shootings in an Orlando nightclub that left 49 people dead , Trump Trump this : " Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism , I do n’t want congrats , I want toughness   vigilance . We must be smart ! " After an incident of a    man at the Louvre Museum in Paris , Trump Trump : " A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre the Louvre Museum in Paris Tourists were Paris down . France on edge again . GET SMART U. S. " In short , the tweetstorm following the London attacks is n’t the exception , it ’s the rule the tweetstorm following the London attacks Trump Trump Using these attacks to prove the London attacks point is his default position not a his popping off . Trump Trump are the latest example of how he is radically altering the idea his what it means to be " presidential . " During the 2016 campaign , Trump ’s Trump John McCain ’s war hero status , his savaging of Trump Gold Star family , his wild exaggerations Trump his wealth and Trump seeming disinterest Trump the truth were all taken , at one point or another , as signs that he simply was Trump " presidential " enough to actually win anything . That , while voters liked his unorthodox style Trump they would eventually tire of him as voters Trump for the sort of statesman voters had traditionally held the nation ’s top political job . It did n’t happen . And Trump has never stopped . His quintet of tweets on London are Trump only something that no previous American president would ever have said , they ’re also statements that it ’s His quintet of tweets on London to imagine any other leader in any other democracy around the world saying . They are more the statements of a His quintet of tweets on London talk radio show host than they are of what we have come His quintet of tweets on London think of as a president     bombastic , over the top and out of context . They are , by traditional standards , His quintet of tweets on London . Which , come to think of it , is a good way to describe Trump . He is sort of an       at Trump in terms of how we have always defined those terms . Trump ’s attitude and approach in office Trump closer to Jerry Springer than to Gerald Ford . He ’s more Limbaugh than Lincoln . Jerry Springer we know : Trump is n’t going to stop Trumping Trump The only question now is whether voters want an    as their president . 
 voters 