NATIONAL HARBOR , MD   —    Saturday before an audience at the Conservative Political Action Conference outside of Washington , D. C. Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) addressed a packed room of attendees and offered NATIONAL HARBOR, MD  —   Saturday before an audience at the Conservative Political Action Conference outside of Washington, D. C. Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) view of what NATIONAL HARBOR, MD  —   Saturday before an audience at the Conservative Political Action Conference outside of Washington, D. C. Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) meant to be a conservative .   During that speech , NATIONAL HARBOR, MD  —   Saturday before an audience at the Conservative Political Action Conference outside of Washington, D. C. Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said conservatism was n’t about anger or insults , which appeared to be a veiled shot at NATIONAL HARBOR, MD  —   Saturday before an audience at the Conservative Political Action Conference outside of Washington, D. C. Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) opponent GOP presidential    Donald Trump . " Conservatism has never been about fear or anger   —    not at Conservatism best , " Rubio said . " Do people have a right to be fearful of the future right now ? Yes , because for over two decades , leaders in neither party solved the problems before us . Do people have a right to be angry about not just the political class but every institution in society ? Absolutely , but neither anger nor fear will solve us problems . It can serve to motivate us , but will not solve our problems . What will solve us our problems a specific set of ideas built on bedrock principles that made America the greatest nation to begin with and applying those principles to the unique challenges of this century . Those principles those principles complicated . It begins with those principles motion that this nation America the greatest nation on a powerful spiritual principle that our rights do not come from government . Our rights do not come from our laws . Our Our do not Our rights our leaders . Our rights come from God our Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 