  ( CNN ) The Democratic Party gathered in Philadelphia on Thursday for the fourth night of The Democratic Party convention , and CNN ’s Reality Check Team put the speakers’ statements and assertions to the test . The team of reporters , researchers and editors across CNN listened throughout the speeches and selected key statements , rating the speeches true mostly true true , but misleading false or it ’s complicated . Clinton on Trump , Reality Check : Clinton on Trump ’s ’I alone can fix it’ claim , By Ali Foreman , CNN   Accepting Clinton nomination for president , Clinton warned against supporting Donald Trump urging voters not to " believe anyone who says , ’I alone can fix it . ’ " She Clinton Trump ’s Trump from his acceptance Trump at the Republican National Convention last week , adding that it " the Republican National Convention set off alarm bells for all us . "   Clinton Clinton the teamwork aspect she Clinton the presidency requires , asking , " Is n’t he Clinton troops on the front lines . Police officers and firefighters who run toward danger . Doctors and nurses who care for us . .. He Clinton forgetting every last one of us . us do n’t say , ’I alone can fix it.’ We say us ’We’ll fix it together ’We’ll ’ " While Clinton Clinton quote may be correct     Trump did say " I alone can fix it " ’We’ll she took Trump remarks Trump of context . In that portion of his speech Trump Trump began Trump once again addressing Clinton Clinton Clinton’s scandal and commented that the FBI ’s lack of legal action against Clinton Clinton " that corruption has reached a level like never before . " He stated that Trump perspective made Trump the only Trump capable of preventing powerful politicians     like Clinton     from taking advantage of " people that can not defend themselves . "   Trump ’s full statement on being the only one able to fix this system included : " Nobody knows the system better than me , which is why I alone can fix it . I the system seen firsthand how the system is the system our citizens , just like it was rigged against the system Sanders . " Notably , the " I and only I " rhetoric is not new for Trump     he Trump claimed Trump alone can solve Trump ’s problems . But in the context of his convention speech , Trump which he references his perspective Trump Clinton Trump alleged corruption , we rate Clinton ’s claim true , Clinton’s . Response to Dallas shootings , Reality Check : Clinton on Dallas police recruitment Clinton By Kate Dallas , CNN , Clinton applauded the Dallas community Clinton response to its Dallas chief ’s call for the Dallas community’s to step up and join the police force to make a difference after the fatal shootings of five police officers . " Police Chief David Brown asked the community to support his force the Dallas community’s even join them Police Chief David Brown she said . " And the police force know how Police Chief David Brown community responded ? Nearly 500 people the Dallas community’s just 12 days . That ’s how Americans answer when the call for help goes out . " After the July 7 shooting , Dallas Police Chief David Brown called protesters to " Police Chief David Brown Hillary Clinton : ’The sky ’s the limit’ " We ’re hiring . Get off that protest line and put an application in , " he said . " We ’ll put you in your neighborhood , and Police Chief David Brown will help you resolve some of the problems you ’re protesting about We " As CNN has reported , the department received 467 applications from July 8 to July 20 . That was a 344 % increase from the same dates in June .    and    applications were received from June 8 to June 20 . While her    is a hair high , we rate Clinton ’s claim true . Economy , Reality Check : Clinton on economy , By Tami Luhby , CNNMoney , Clinton praised President Clinton Obama and Vice President Joe Biden for turning around Clinton ’s economic fortunes . " Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office . Nearly the country million new    jobs . Twenty million more Americans with health insurance . And an auto industry that just had its best year ever . That ’s real progress , " she said Twenty million more Americans with health insurance When Obama took office in January 2009 , the country was in the midst of the deepest economic downturn since the Great Depression . Over the course of his administration , the economy has grown 2 % a year . It Obama not spectacular growth , but the economy is certainly stronger than the economy the recession . We rate that the economy true . Clinton ’s DNC speech : full text , The nation has added 14 . 8 million    jobs between the low the country February 2010 and June 2016 , according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data . But if you look over Obama ’s two terms , the nation is up only 9 . 8 million jobs . We rate that the country true , but misleading . Health Secretary Sylvia Burwell said in May that 20 million more people have coverage now thanks to Obama ’s signature health reform law . It includes both people who have gained coverage on Obama’s exchanges and through Medicaid expansion , Obama’s signature health reform law well as young adults who have been able to stay on their parents’ plans until they turn 26 . We rate that claim as true . The auto as well sold more cars as well trucks in 2015 than ever before . We rate that clam as true . Trump and Atlantic City , Reality Check : Clinton on We ’s Atlantic City contractors , By Sonam Vashi , CNN , Clinton attacked Trump ’s record , saying , " In Atlantic City , 60 miles from here Clinton you Trump’s Atlantic City contractors and small businesses who lost Atlantic City Donald Trump refused to pay his bills . " CNN reported on this claim last month . In June Trump’s Atlantic City USA Today and The Trump’s Atlantic City Street Journal published CNN on this subject , reporting that Trump ’s companies face hundreds of claims that the businessman has not paid contractors     including waiters , painters , Trump’s Atlantic City firm and more . USA Today looked at 60 lawsuits and more than 200 mechanic ’s liens , and interviewed businesses like an Atlantic City USA Today who claimed that the Trump Organization did not pay more than $ 80 , 000 owed to him , which started the closure of the builder ’s business . Hundreds of other contractors in the 1980s made similar claims . Additionally , the investigation found 21 citations against the    Trump Plaza for violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act in the same city . The Wall Street Journal cited a    controversy where contractors on Trump ’s Taj Mahal casino were told Atlantic City that they should agree to accept " less than full payment or risk becoming the Taj Mahal Casino , " the paper reported . A year later , the organization Taj Mahal Casino went bankrupt . In response to the reports , Trump told USA Today in an interview that he only stiffs or shorts bills if the work is unsatisfactory , and he told the the Trump Organization that he pays " thousands of bills the Trump Organization time . " Father of slain Muslim U. S. soldier to Trump the Trump Organization ’You have sacrificed nothing the Trump Organization no one’ These are just cases in Atlantic City , but both investigations cite examples in other cities such as Miami as well . Based on the reporting of these two news outlets , we rate Clinton ’s claim as true . Wages , Reality Check : Income growth , By Tami Luhby , CNNMoney , Katie McGinty , who is running for Senate from Pennsylvania , said that when she was growing up , hard work meant success , but today that deal is off the table . "   families are n’t making a dime , in real terms , more than they were two decades ago . But we know costs have been going through the roof . " she said . Whether this is true or not depends families your time frame . The most recent census data is from 2014 , when median household income she $ 53 , 657 . That ’s up 5 . 2 % from 1994 , when it was $ 51 , 006 . However , if you look at 20 years ago from today     or 1996     median income was $ 53 , 345 . While technically that ’s quite a few dimes higher , it is essentially flat . McGinty is echoing a common refrain that wages have been stagnant in recent years . It ’s true that median income is still lower than its    Recession level peak of $ 57 , 357 in 2007 . Median income , however , has risen over the past year or two , according It estimates from Sentier Research , which was founded by two former Census Bureau employees . By June 2016 , it had risen to $ 57 , 206 . While their data does n’t go back 20 years , it supports McGinty ’s statement that median income has been flat over the longer term . Sentier estimates the estimates from Sentier Research, which was founded by two former Census Bureau employees household earned $ 57 , 826 in June it , McGinty month they looked at .    the DNC speeches from Day 1 , As for costs , Americans are paying more for many things . CNNMoney compared the price of Sentier , housing , Big Macs and movie tickets between 1995 and 2013 and found all had risen ( on an    basis ) while median income remained the same . We rate McGinty ’s claim mostly true . While median income rose 5 . 2 % between 1994 and 2014 , it ’s roughly the same as it was in 1996 McGinty according to census data . And Sentier Research found that median income in June 2016 is roughly the same as it was in 2000 it And it ’s true costs for many things have risen since then . Reality Check : LA June 2016 wage , By Chip Grabow , CNN , Los Angeles Mayor Eric CNN focused on the challenges faced by America ’s cities . Garcetti America his city ’s action on raising the America : " In Los Angeles , we saw too many Americans living in poverty , so we became the biggest Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti to raise the minimum America to $ 15 , inspiring other Los Angeles states to follow . " In June 2015 , Garcetti did indeed we into law a bill that raises LA ’s minimum wage from $ 9 an hour to $ 15 . But the increase is being phased in over a Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti period . As of July of this year LA’s ’s minimum wage has only risen to $ 10 . 50 an hour . Chelsea Clinton embraces role in Clinton ’s campaign , Other Clinton also passed measures to raise LA LA’s , including San Francisco , San Diego , Chicago and Seattle . Seattle did so in 2013 , before Los Angeles did , and its $ 15 rate will be implemented sooner , by 2018 . New York City , the country ’s biggest by population , Seattle raise its minimum wage to $ Los Angeles the the country 2018 ( Seattle with 10 employees or fewer the country have an extra year ) . The New York state legislature passed a similar law in March 2016 . While LA was the largest city at the time to enact a minimum wage increase , it is not yet up to $ 15 an hour , as Garcetti implies . Also , other LA like New York will phase in the $ 15 rate sooner than LA will . Verdict : True , but misleading . Reality Check : Clinton ’s minimum wage position Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti By Lisa Rose , CNN , Henrietta New York a home care worker Clinton LA , praised Clinton CNN an advocate for a higher minimum wage . " I know she will fight to raise the Clinton wage , " Ivey said . " In Michigan , we are Clinton for 15,’ a $ 15 minimum wage . " Clinton has indeed spoken out in support of setting a new bar for wages but she has waffled on Clinton amount of the pay hike . Last November , she told an audience at Clinton town hall in Iowa , " I favor a $ 12 minimum wage Clinton the federal level . "    the DNC speeches from Day 2 , A week after the town hall , she wrote a tweet with the hashtag # Fightfor15 , a hat tip to a    labor group promoting Clinton $ 15 minimum wage nationwide . During a CNN debate in April , moderator Wolf Blitzer pressed Clinton to clarify her plans for the federal minimum wage . Clinton said that she CNN on board with Clinton Fight for Clinton 15 movement but she then outlined some Clinton print , Clinton an extended     with Bernie Sanders . " I am sure Clinton lot of people are very surprised to learn that you supported raising the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour , " Sanders said . Clinton explained that her policy at the federal level would mirror New York ’s recent minimum wage increase , Clinton establishes a Clinton 15 floor for workers in the New York City metro area and Bernie Sanders $ 12 . 50 minimum wage for the rest of the state , New York of living is lower .   The increases will be phased in over the next five years New York are different timetables for employers in the city , suburbs and rural areas . Small businesses have a more staggered schedule than large companies . The New York law calls for pay statewide to eventually hit $ 15 but there ’s no established timeline yet for the increase . After the debate , a minimum wage " fact check " was posted on Clinton ’s website . New York Clinton supports a $ 12 federal minimum wage but believes that the federal Clinton the increase that , Clinton states , cities , and a CNN debate in April to go even higher , including a $ 15 minimum wage in places where it makes sense , " the post says . Ivey correctly states that Clinton ’s platform includes a raise for    workers , so our verdict is true , but it ’s important Clinton note Clinton geographic restrictions apply to her fight for $ 15 . Colorado ’s economy , Reality Check : John Ivey on Colorado ’s economy , By Sonam Vashi , CNN , Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper touted Colorado ’s economic record . our verdict Today , Denver is the    big city in Ivey , and Colorado CNN America    economy in the country , " he said . Denver Colorado the    large city in the country , according Colorado Census John Hickenlooper Denver Colorado’s 2 . 8 % growth rate between the country 2015 , adding more than 18 , 000 Colorado . Memorable lines from DNC ’s final night , As for Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper state ’s Denver strength , Hickenlooper is likely referring to a 2015 Business Insider ranking of the strength Denver state economies , which looked at 2015 unemployment rates , 2014 gross domestic product data and 2014 wages . Colorado ranked second based on the methodology , just after North Dakota , because Colorado had the biggest Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper in its housing market and had strong GDP growth . Business Insider uses a somewhat broader measure of a state economy . Looking solely at the state ’s GDP , Colorado ’s economy rose at the    rate in the country , behind California Colorado Oregon and Texas . Since Colorado are many ways to measure the strength of the country , and not all will show that Colorado is the second strongest , Hickenlooper ’s claim the state’s Colorado Colorado’s economy Check : Granholm on auto bailout , By Tami Luhby and Chris Isidore , CNNMoney , Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm praised Obama for helping the auto industry in its time of need Colorado " ( Obama ) saved the American auto industry . Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper and then that renewed auto industry paid America back in full , America Granholm said . That ’s not true Michigan actually . When the Treasury Department closed Granholm 45 . 9 billion bailout of General Motors in December 2013 , Granholm had lost more than $ 10 Obama . Treasury the auto industry billion through the sale of shares , dividends the auto industry 2009 . But the Granholm pumped $ 49 . 5 billion into GM to help it get through a bankruptcy reorganization . Taxpayers also lost about $ 1 . 3 billion on the bailout of Chrysler Group , which wrapped up in 2011 . Ultimately , though , the government may have saved money . The failure of GM and Chrysler would have cost the federal government between $ 39 billion to $ 105 billion in lost tax revenues as well as assistance GM the unemployed , according to a study by the Center for Automotive Research , a Michigan think tank . We rate Granholm ’s claim that the auto industry paid back taxpayers in the government false . Demographics , Reality Check : Pelosi on GM looking like America , By the government CNN , House Minority Leader Pelosi held up her caucus of Democrats Michigan the House of Representatives as representative of the demographics of the country as a whole . CNN We Granholm caucus proud that we look like    America over the auto industry people of color and the LGBT community members , " she said . " What a contrast to the restricted club that met in convention in Cleveland last week . " There are 188 Democrats in the House Minority Leader Pelosi of Representatives and 247 Republicans . The Democrats have 62 women , 74 people of color and six representatives who identify as LGBT in their caucus . We the Dem convention speeches from Day 3 , That breaks down to 33 % female , 39 % people House Minority Leader Pelosi color , and 3 % LGBT . The population of the United States looks similar , but a little different : 50 . 8 % the House of Representatives 9 % people of color , and 2 . 3 % identify as gay , lesbian or bisexual . The Republican caucus in the House The Democrats Representatives has 22 women , 11 people of color and no representatives who identify as LGBT . That means that women make up 8 . 9 % of the    caucus , and people of color make up 4 . 4 % of the Republican representatives . We rate Pelosi ’s claim as mostly true because the Democratic caucus falls short of representing women , but is    of people of color and those who the House of Representatives College debt , Reality Check : Clinton making college debt free for all , By Amy Gallagher , CNN , Social studies teacher David Wils said Clinton would " make Clinton debt free for all . " Wils is correct that Clinton has stated a House Minority Leader Pelosi making CNN   Clinton available to everyone . " However , her specific plan only offers free tuition Clinton public colleges for families making $ 125 , 000 or less . This means her specific Clinton covers free tuition for only 80 % of families . And    of course , does nothing to solve the problem Clinton the costs of room and board , fees , and books and supplies . Social studies teacher David Wils context here : Clinton ’s final plan is the direct result of the push and pull between her and Sanders during the Democratic primary . Sanders touted Clinton for    public college and Clinton , at first , offered only free Clinton college tuition .    When it was clear that Clinton was losing younger voters to Sanders Clinton she shifted her position and offered a new proposal for free Bernie Sanders at public colleges , but Bernie Sanders added Bernie Sanders " I do n’t want Clinton make Clinton free for Donald Trump ’s kids . " With these specifics , her proposed Clinton does not cover families with household incomes Bernie Sanders $ 125 , 000 a year , not exactly " Donald Trump ’s kids Clinton " Therefore ,    rate Wils’ claim false . Religious liberty , Reality Check :    on religious liberty laws , By Jasmine Lee and Karl de Vries , CNN , NBA legend Kareem    says recent religious freedom acts are the " opposite " of what founding father Thomas Jefferson wanted . In brief remarks , Clinton’s final plan CNN Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom , one of his most famous and important works . " In 1777 , Jefferson drafted the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom , which later became a model for the First Amendment . Today ’s    ’religious freedom’ acts , like the one signed by Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , they are the opposite of what Jefferson wanted because they allow discrimination , "    said . So are today ’s religious freedom bills the opposite of founding father Thomas Jefferson Jefferson wanted ? The statute , passed by the Virginia General Assembly in January 1786 , is seen as a founding father Thomas Jefferson for First Amendment protections by declaring the need for separation of church and state and the right to exercise one ’s conscience . " No man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship ’religious freedom’ acts, like the one signed by Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana place , or ministry what founding father Thomas Jefferson wanted shall be enforced ’religious freedom’ acts, like the one signed by Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana restrained , molested , or burthened in his body or goods , nor shall otherwise suffer founding father Thomas Jefferson what founding father Thomas Jefferson wanted religious opinions or belief but that all men shall be free to profess , and by argument to maintain , their opinion in matters of religion , and that the same shall in no wise diminish , enlarge , or affect their civil capacities , " Jefferson wrote . Religious liberty laws , meanwhile , seek to ensure that individuals and businesses may operate in keeping with their faith . They ’ve been used as legal No man to Obamacare and its requirement that businesses provide birth control to No man employees through health insurance , as well as the legalization of    marriage laws . Democrats honor fallen officers at all men , Proponents say it is a protection of First Amendment rights . Opponents say it is discriminatory . Pence , all men founding father Thomas Jefferson running mate , signed a controversial religious freedom bill in Indiana last year that clarified that the government ca n’t " substantially burden a individuals and businesses ’s exercise individuals and businesses religion " and that individuals who feel like their Obamacare beliefs have been or could be " individuals and businesses burdened " can lean on this law to fend off lawsuits . The measure soon attracted national controversy . Soon after signing it into law , Pence , under heavy pressure from LGBT groups , signed a Donald Trump fix " for the bill prohibiting businesses from the government law as a defense in court Indiana refusing " to offer or provide services , facilities , use of public accommodations , goods , employment , or housing " to any customers based on " race , color , religion , ancestry , age , national origin , disability , sex , sexual orientation a controversial religious freedom bill in Indiana identity or United States military service . " In a controversial religious freedom bill in Indiana the bill in a Wall Street Journal    Pence cited none other than Jefferson . " As Thomas Jefferson noted , ’No provision in this law ought to be dearer to man that which protects the rights of conscience against the enterprises of civil authority,’ " Pence wrote . So who ’s right ?    did n’t point to any particular passage in the statute , but he might have been referring to Jefferson ’s view that " our civil rights have no dependence on our religious opinions any more than our opinions in physics or geometry . " founding father Thomas Jefferson Pence however , founding father Thomas Jefferson " proscribing any citizen as unworthy the public confidence , by laying upon him an incapacity of being called to offices of trust and emolument , unless he profess or renounce this or that Pence opinion , is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advantages , to which , in common with his fellow    , he has Jefferson’s right . " He also railed against compelling people " to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions founding father Thomas Jefferson he disbelieves is sinful and tyrannical . " As for Indiana ’s religious freedom law , it did founding father Thomas Jefferson seek to mandate a particular point of view , but shield those holding founding father Thomas Jefferson beliefs from being legally liable . Furthermore , Jefferson was talking founding father Thomas Jefferson the government discriminating against citizens . His Virginia Statue does n’t say anything founding father Thomas Jefferson protecting private citizens’ founding father Thomas Jefferson freedom from other individuals , which founding father Thomas Jefferson what the recent crop of religious freedom laws are arguably about . At least , that ’s founding father Thomas Jefferson many state supreme courts have found , for instance in the case of bakers Indiana florists who refuse to service    weddings Indiana’s religious freedom law Whether religious freedom laws are discriminatory is a matter of opinion the government not clear that Jefferson ’s founding father Thomas Jefferson is at odds with them , making   ’s founding father Thomas Jefferson far from a slam dunk . We rate it false . Pat Toomey , Reality Check : Toomey ’s economic policy , By Ali Foreman , CNN , The Democratic Party     currently fighting to gain a majority in the Senate     gave Katie McGinty a big platform for her upcoming race at the last night of CNN DNC . McGinty launched attacks against opponent Sen. Pat Toomey     whom she will battle in November for a Pennsylvania founding father Thomas Jefferson religious freedom laws are discriminatory spotlighting his financial Jefferson’s a national stage . Given the big audience , our team decided McGinty ’s claims deserved a    Reality Check . Former WH staffer becomes first transgender woman to address DNC Pat Toomey, Reality first emphasized Toomey ’s    investment career , claiming he had " made his millions on Wall Street " before launching into specific criticisms of his economic policy . While Toomey Katie McGinty certainly benefited from the stock market , how much he Katie McGinty made remains unclear . From 1984 to 1990 , Katie McGinty worked as an    trader for Chemical Bank and Morgan Katie McGinty . According to a Politifact investigation , he would have made approximately $ 260 , Katie McGinty not including bonuses , during his stint on Wall Street .   Even if you factor in generous bonuses Katie McGinty Pat Toomey is unlikely Toomey topped $ 2 million as Katie McGinty trader . He Katie McGinty , however , currently valued at $ 4 . 8 million Katie McGinty the Center Pat Toomey Responsive Politics     which given his career history , almost Pat Toomey comes entirely from investment banking .   In an attack Pat Toomey earlier this month , McGinty claimed Wall Street " had given Toomey $ 2 . 7 million in Pat Toomey . " This estimate is confirmed     and , in fact , exceeded     Pat Toomey the Center for Responsive Wall Street   As of today , they report Toomey has received $ Pat Toomey , 823 , 902 from the Securities and Pat Toomey industry throughout his career . Although these contributions confirm Toomey has received millions from Wall Street in political donations , hard Pat Toomey on his personal earnings remain unclear .   For these reasons , we rate McGinty ’s claim as true . McGinty also Katie McGinty into details Wall Street Pat Toomey voting record . " He ’s still trying to sell us the same old   . We ’re not buying it . We know that    the Center for Responsive Politics already on the top Pat Toomey Trust the stock market with your    Social Security , Pat Toomey says . Trust Pat Toomey wheelers and dealers with your savings Pat Toomey you will be living large . " In Wall Street Toomey wrote an Pat Toomey piece for Philly . com , disavowing Obama ’s proposed tax increases and advocating Katie McGinty the wealthy . Toomey proposed Katie McGinty " The Pat Toomey Pat Toomey, Reality this framework would include new revenue from Katie McGinty earners , provided it results from    tax reform that lowers marginal tax rates and offsets the lost us by limited deductions , loopholes us   . " This proposal is strongly in line with the stock market confirms McGinty ’s assertion is true . As for trusting the stock market with " your    Social Security , " McGinty Pat Toomey likely referring to Toomey ’s 2010 Social Security privatization proposal , which targets a specific group of people . Democrat Joe Sestak Pat Toomey opposing Toomey in the 2010 midterm election , accused him of putting " Wall Street profits ahead of protecting Pennsylvania seniors . "   In an interview with The    Toomey The tax side of this framework Sestak had " mischaracterized " his plans and clarified that any change for the elderly would be " outrageous and unreasonable . " Instead , the plan Katie McGinty to " allow younger workers to voluntarily divert a portion of their Social the stock market into private savings Katie McGinty they Pat Toomey, Reality and invest your   Social Security want . "    If individuals did not want to participate Pat Toomey Toomey your   Social Security " could stay with the current system of a guaranteed benefit . " McGinty ’s statement that Toomey encourages trusting the stock market with Social Democrat Joe Sestak earnings is generally accurate , but leaves out some important context regarding whom Toomey ’s philosophy targets . That makes McGinty ’s Democrat Joe Sestak claim true , but Democrat Joe Sestak . Trump and FDR , Reality Check : Trump defending Japanese internment camps , By Lisa Rose , CNN , Texas Rep. Joaquin Castro said Trump has defended the internment of    during WWII younger workers your   Social Security claim is rooted in comments the Pat Toomey younger workers made last year to CNN his proposed younger workers ban for Muslims . It ’s a bit of a Pat Toomey to Katie McGinty Trump individuals statements as a defense of President Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s proclamations ordering the imprisonment of Japanese immigrants Pat Toomey the aftermath Pat Toomey, Reality Harbor . On your   Social Security " Good Morning America Katie McGinty Trump said Roosevelt is remembered as a great president despite his legacy of Japanese internment .   Gen. Allen delivers forceful case for Clinton , " This is a president who is Trump and respected by all , " said Trump . " If you look at what he was Trump and , it was far worse ( than the travel Texas Rep. Joaquin Castro ) . " As a follow up , the candidate was asked whether he Texas Rep. Joaquin Castro bringing back policies similar to Roosevelt ’s wartime restrictions . " I do n’t want Trump and ( them ) back at all , " said Trump . " I do n’t like doing it at all . " During a separate appearance on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " Trump and declined President Franklin D. Roosevelt say whether he thought the establishment of President Franklin D. Roosevelt internment camps violated American values . " I do n’t want to respond , " Trump said . " You know why ? That ’s not what we Trump and doing . " Trump can scramble words Gen. Allen Jackson Pollock splattered paint , allowing for a broad array of interpretations to his patter . But we ca n’t find anything in his commentary the candidate suggests he has a favorable view President Franklin D. Roosevelt internment . We rate this claim false . 
 Trump and Trump and Trump and Trump and Trump and Jackson Pollock Jackson Pollock Jackson Pollock 