Following this week ’s announcement of his executive gun control actions , President Obama is holding a special town hall in Fairfax , Virginia , tonight to be telecast live on CNN at 5 pm ET . Stay with us for live updates . [ * * LIVE UPDATES * *   10:20 pm ET : At one point during the town hall , CNN replayed footage of President Obama speech announcing his President Obama gun control . Here ’s the image of Obama President Obama himself President Obama : 9:55 pm ET : Gun control proponent Father Michael Pfleger asked Obama President Obama titling guns the way we title cars , saying : " We we n’t take cars away by putting titles on them cars why ca n’t we we that with guns ? " The main reason Obama President Obama for not supporting " licensing and registration " of all guns is that " there is not enough national consensus at this stage . " 9:28 pm ET : While Obama President Obama holding his President Obama hall , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ended his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump rally tonight by promising he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump end " " zones in schools and U. S. military bases on his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump day in office . " I will get rid of    zones on schools   —    you have to   —    and on military bases on my first day . It gets signed my my first day " Trump said , adding : " You know what a    zone is to a sicko ? That ’s bait . " More on this here . 9:25 pm ET : The    hall coverage on CNN centers around Obama ’s dismissal of Americans’ fears that he is trying Obama gut our Second Amendment rights . It apparently is difficult for some CNN pundits to CNN why Americans might not trust the word of a man who once promised we could keep our healthcare if we liked it we 9:11 pm ET : Obama says the notion that he will take Obama ’s guns away is a conspiracy . Breitbart ’s Charlie Spiering writes : " This notion of a conspiracy out there and it gets wrapped up in concerns about the federal government , " Obama said , Obama to the idea that he would take Obama ’s guns . When Anderson Cooper suggested that many people believed the idea , the idea that he would take people’s guns back Obama " I ’m sorry , Cooper . Yes . Anderson Cooper it is fair to call it a conspiracy ? it are you saying ? " Obama ridiculed the Obama that somehow the government was the federal government take away people ’s guns through the use of martial law . " I would hope that you would agree with that , " Obama said disapprovingly Obama Cooper . 9:10 pm ET Anderson Cooper Breitbart ’s AWR Hawkins notes that there is literally no measure by which to ascertain who is or is n’t " in the business of gun dealers . " Obama said there Obama no standard , that it ’s a " case no standard case evaluation . " That is ridiculous . It means essentially that you ’ll have to look over your shoulder for the ATF every time you sell a gun . 9:02 pm ET : Breitbart ’s Charlie Stiering writes : Chicago activist and pastor Father Michael Pfleger appeared at the town hall to ask Obama a question about gun violence in America . After his question , Obama noted a question about gun violence in America was Obama " heroic pastor Father Michael Pfleger " in the city of Chicago . Pfleger made headlines Chicago he pastor Father Michael Pfleger a sermon making pastor Father Michael Pfleger of Hillary Clinton during the 2008 Democratic presidential primary elections , claiming she was upset that a " Hillary Clinton man was stealing her show . " Obama said Hillary Clinton was " Obama disappointed Obama in Pfleger ’s sermon after which pastor Father Michael Pfleger controversial pastor apologized . In July 2015 , Pfleger announced lawsuits against three pastor Father Michael Pfleger suburbs insisting that gun control was a " civil right " that was being violated . 8:58 pm ET : Breitbart ’s Michelle Moons writes Obama After Elliot Roger went on a May 2014 killing spree in Isla Vista , California , not only did a sign for gun control appear outside the scene of one of the murders , but also a sign for knife control . A photo of the signs can be seen here .     Roger ’s first three murders were Elliot Roger . He then used both firearms and his Elliot Roger to injure and kill people Elliot Roger the Isla Vista area . Obama used one example of a stabbing does " less " damage during the Thursday evening town hall , theorizing that a the attacker may have done more damage with a gun . There are already advocates , though they may be more on the fringe advocates advocating for knife control as evidenced at the scene of one of the Isla Vista murders . 8:46 pm ET : The infamous radical leftwing Chicago community organizer Father Michael Pfleger made an appearance at the town hall . You may recall him from the 2008 Democratic primary campaign The infamous radical leftwing Chicago community organizer Father Michael Pfleger he said that Hillary Clinton felt " The infamous radical leftwing Chicago community organizer Father Michael Pfleger entitlement and supremacy " in her race against    Barack Obama . Hillary Clinton is a    ally of Pfleger   Barack Obama During his time as an Illinois state senator   Barack Obama Obama directed $ 225k of state grants   Barack Obama to Pfleger ’s church , St. Sabina . Pfleger ET : Obama is using old gun control talking   Barack Obama . Breitbart ’s Charlie Spiering notes : Obama began his town hall mostly rehashing   Barack Obama old talking Breitbart’s on gun control   Breitbart’s    including the idea that somehow in some places in America it was cheaper to buy a gun than buy a book . That was from a speech he gave in March 2013 in response to Breitbart’s Sandy Hook shootings . He also told a story about how First Breitbart’s Michelle Obama once admitted during a campaign event in Iowa that she would want a gun if she lived there . That was also from she old speech from April 2013 . 8:20 pm ET : In regards to the increase in gun ownership and the decline in crime , Breitbart ’s AWR Hawkins notes that privately owned guns increased by nearly 150 million from 1994 to now , and crime steadily decreased throughout that period . Stay tuned for a longer report from him on this later . 8:15 pm ET Breitbart’s AWR Hawkins Chris Kyle ’s widow Taya Kyle addressed concerns that the background checks Chris Kyle’s proposing do n’t have any affect on stopping bad guys from getting guns if they want to commit murder . This is her guns from earlier today . 8:11 pm ET : Obama defended himself against the notion that he is Obama to Obama people ’s guns away Obama He noted that he has been president for seven Obama but people Obama have guns   —    and in fact more guns have been sold since he took office .   " I ’ve been Obama good for gun manufacturers , " he admitted . 8:06 pm ET : Obama told Obama story about First Lady Michelle Obama telling him back when he was campaigning in Iowa in Obama that she Obama understand why people in rural communities like Obama might want to own a shotgun . The Iowa was presumably meant to illustrate a point a story about First Lady Michelle Obama trying to make about why the people Obama once described as " bitterly clinging " to Obama Second Amendment rights might come by their opinions . 8:03 pm ET : Obama opened by their a question as to whether he ’s ever owned a gun . Short answer : Obama . Shooting skeet is the extent of his experience with firearms . 7:38 pm ET : In Shooting skeet New York Times    released half an hour ago , Obama vows : " I will not campaign for , Obama for or support any candidate , even in my own party , who does not support    gun reform . " Breitbart ’s Charlie Spiering writes : In a New York Times    President Obama repeated most of a New York Times    Obama gun control . But Obama within the text was one promise   —    not to ever campaign for a    Democrat . But those words do n’t carry much weight , particularly since Obama was largely sidelined from the campaign trail in the    Obama   —    except for areas that were safely liberal . That was partially a consequence of Obama ’s    Obama . Many of the    Senate Democrats in Republican states voted against Obama President Obama for Obama control . In 2013 , Senate Democrats Mark Begich of Alaska , Mark Pryor of Arkansas , and Max Baucus of Montana voted against a gun control proposal championed by Obama in 2013 . Obama were later replaced by    Republicans . Read more on this here .  
 Senate Democrats Mark Begich of Alaska, Mark Pryor of Arkansas, and Max Baucus of Montana 