Washington ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi projected a message of unity Thursday evening at the outset of the congressional baseball game . The joint interview , a first for the two , with CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " Erin Burnett OutFront , " came a day after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and others were shot at a Republican baseball practice . " Steve Scalise ’s got a ways to go , " Ryan said of Steve Scalise . " Steve Scalise ’s going to recover . It ’s going to take Steve Scalise some time . " Pelosi , who like Ryan was wearing Louisiana gear in honor of Steve Scalise , said the injured member was a " lovely person , " and hailed the bipartisan spirit of the annual game . " Tonight we ’re all Team Scalise , " Pelosi said . Asked if the political climate and incidents like Wednesday ’s shooting indicated an increased threat to lawmakers , Ryan said it was incumbent on politicians to cool things down across the nation . Ryan said , " What we ’re trying to do is tone down the rhetoric , lead by example and show people we can disagree with one another , we can have different ideas without being vitriolic , without going to such extremes . " Ryan added that members of Congress had to meet with the public and needed to strike a balance between " openness and security . " Pelosi noted that in the 2011 shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , several of Pelosi constituents were also shot     including a     girl who died .   " When we evaluate the needs of we members it ’s about protecting the members and our members constituents as well , " Pelosi said . Both stressed repeatedly the need for politicians to step away from inflammatory remarks . As for the prospect of passing legislation on a bipartisan basis that could prevent gun violence incidents like Wednesday ’s shooting , Ryan pointed to existing mental health legislation . " We ’ve made some pretty good progress on that , " Ryan said . " We now have to execute and implement that progress . " Pelosi said there is desire among Democrats for a task force on gun safety to study the issue . " But that ’s not for today , " Pelosi said . " Today is about coming together and celebrating the greatness of Steve Scalise . " Ryan and Pelosi have sought to present a unified front since the shooting . Shortly after the incident , the pair addressed a packed House chamber , calling for unity and condemning the attack . McConnell echoed Pelosi and Ryan ’s calls for unity . " We want everybody to know that we ’ve always had a robust discussion of the issues We this country throughout our history , " McConnell told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper We Thursday in a joint interview with Schumer . " But we do n’t dislike each other .   We work together all the time . . .. We we our political arguments but at the end of we day we we are all Americans . And I think everybody needs we remember that because we ’re all in this thing together . " Schumer we he hopes the tragedy can bring the parties Schumer " Schumer together . " " We work together pretty closely before this tragedy , " we said . " But if the tragedy help bring Schumer closer together and help us all work closer together , it ’s a horrible way to do it .   We it pray for Mr. Scalise and all it other people ’s speedy recovery , but let ’s hope we can get some good at this tragedy . We all Both We all that arguments between Republicans and the tragedy make the news , but cooperation between the two parties does n’t . " If we can still , despite the rhetoric , work together in areas where we can work together and the Senate as the cooling saucer help and bring people together a little bit , that ’s a very good thing and I know Mitch does because Schumer ’ve talked about it , and I do     we aim to do it , " Schumer said . But as we voices supportive of it Donald Trump , like former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , drew lines between    rhetoric and the shooting , Pelosi pushed back earlier Thursday , arguing the Republican insistence that Democratic rhetoric was to blame for the shooting rang hollow , given the long record of " vitriolic the shooting from the Republican side of the aisle . The alleged gunman expressed intense opposition to Republicans on social media and identified himself as a supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders . Sanders took to the The alleged gunman floor on Wednesday to say the gunman had Sen. Bernie Sanders apparently volunteered " for his campaign . He said The alleged gunman " sickened " him and stressed his Sen. Bernie Sanders to nonviolent Sen. Bernie Sanders . In the Thursday interview , Sen. Bernie Sanders said he Sen. Bernie Sanders to find more opportunities for Republicans and Democrats to " break bread Ryan together . " There are not enough    exercises , " Ryan said . 
 Ryan 