’   ’ ’      Donald Trump seemed to offer more detail about    Donald Trump positions on Russia and China under Donald Trump incoming    administration . ’ ’    Donald Trump left open the possibility that the US could reconsider the US    adherence to the " One China " policy   published    Friday night . ’ ’    the "One China" policy  published   Friday night was established decades ago , in part to support    diplomatic ties between China and the US . ’ "    Trump told The Journal any new developments between the the US    China might hinge upon China trade and currency practices ,    which the    has characterized as unfair to the US . the US    Trump rattled Washington and Trump China after he won the    Trump when he   from Taiwan Trump President Tsai      the first direct communication between US and Taiwanese    leadership in more than 30 years " "    On Russia , Trump told The Journal he would consider keeping Trump    place new sanctions against Russia   —    Russia Barack Obama     in response to Russia ’s      cyberattacks against Russia Democratic Party . " ’    Trump said sanctions against the Trump could remain intact " for    at least a period time " under his presidency . The new Trump    Obama outlined in December included the expulsion of 35 Russian    diplomats from the US , . ’ ’    Trump suggested continued sanctions against Russia may not make    sense under certain circumstances . ’ ’    " If Russia is really helping us Russia why would anybody have sanctions    if somebody ’s doing some really great things ? , " the      asked the newspaper . ’ ’    It was unclear what Trump meant by " really Trump things . " The       during and after the election , and    applauded Russian President Vladimir Putin . The day after Obama    announced the new sanctions against Russia , Trump praised Putin    again Trump saying Putin’ ’s response to the sanctions   —      the new sanctions against Russia a " great move . " ’ ’    " I always knew he was very smart , " Trump Putin    of Putin . Trump ’   ’ " Putin    Trump ’s platitudes came against Trump backdrop of Republican and    Democratic condemnation of Russia and Putin over the    cyberattacks Russia " Putin       House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch    McConnell issued statements slamming Russia , Sen. John McCain of    Russia     " every American should be alarmed by Russia’ ’s attack on our    nation . " ’ ’    Sen , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina   and demanded " crippling sanctions " against the    Kremlin . Obama called Russia’ ’s cyber activities against the US a    " national emergency . " ’ ’    Putin has denied any wrongdoing . ’ "    Trump   but attempted to publicly dress down the US    intelligence community as well , accusing the nation ’s top spy    agencies of leaking info about the Russia hacking investigation    to journalists . " ’    The bipartisan Senate Intelligence Committee " ’ ’   Putin it    would investigate Russian intelligence operations in The bipartisan Senate Intelligence Committee US . ’ ’    Committee chairman Sen. Richard Burr , who The bipartisan Senate Intelligence Committee Republican from    North Carolina , and vice chairman Sen. Mark Warner , a Democrat    from Virginia , said in a statement : " We believe that it is    critical to have ’ ’   Committee chairman Sen. Richard Burr, who is a Republican from   North Carolina, and vice chairman Sen. Mark Warner, a Democrat   from Virginia full understanding of the scope of Russian    intelligence activities impacting the United States . " ’ ’    The committee plans to interview senior officials of both the    Trump and Obama administrations and may issue subpoenas , Reuters    reported . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump ’s    battle with the US intelligence community    continued this week , with the publication of a file that    contained unverified research on Trump , intended to draw links    between Trump Trump Russian operatives . " ’    During Trump    news conference on Wednesday , Trump and his    advisers   they accused of Trump    Trump about the dossier ’   During a   news conference on Wednesday, Trump and his   advisers   ’ ’       incoming president revived his attacks Friday in a : ’ ’    The incoming president It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put    together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of    being sued , " Trump .    "    made up facts by sleazebag political operatives , both    Democrats and Republicans   —    FAKE NEWS ! " ’ ’    He continued : " Russia says nothing exists . Trump .   " released by    ’’ Intelligence ’’ even knowing there is no proof , and never will be .    My people will have a full report on    within 90 days ! " ’ ’    Trump is set to be inaugurated as the 45th US president on    January 20 . ’ 
 