   Latinos For Trump founder Marco Gutierrez tells MSNBC that mass immigration will change the U. S. saying if mass immigration ’s not stopped , " you ’re going to have taco trucks on every corner . " [ Donald Trump ’s speech outlining Donald Trump’s ten    for curbing illegal immigration and reshaping immigration policy meant " immigrant populations   …      are living on borrowed time , " MSNBC host    Reid said at the beginning of the segment , failing to distinguish between illegal aliens and lawful migrant workers .   " You recall that autopsy in 2012 , when Republicans spent a lot of money on research to decide Republicans could not afford to do as poorly with Hispanic voters as Mitt Romney did , " Reid said . " Do you feel that Donald Trump , regardless of whether or not you are still on Donald Trump team , is hurting the Republican Party ’s ability to win the election and    to grow the Republican Party’s numbers among Hispanics ? " " No , I do n’t think so . My friends , we stand with Donald Trump , " Gutierrez said . " There [ are ] a lot of Hispanics that are in the closet because of the violent criticism of the Left . But they Hispanics Donald Donald Trump " " But you think   —    put your friends aside , " Reid said . " Polling shows Donald Trump Donald Trump even worse with Hispanics . This is before last night ’s speech . He was only Donald Trump 22 percent   —    Romney lost by five million votes at 27 percent , so forgetting your friends aside your friends seems overall Hispanics are rejecting Donald Trump in Donald Trump , can you refute that ? " " Yes , because the polls are done through blocs . You have born citizens here , and then you have me . I was born and raised in Mexico . My section is more against Donald Trump because of Donald Trump they have with the unlawful immigrant , illegal or undocumented , however you want to call it , but you have the    that more in the    percent , " Gutierrez said . Reid cut him off with a    sentence Gutierrez " That ’s actually no   —    I mean , you have to present some sort of a name of a poll , because there ’s actually numbers or research to support what you just said you just gave us a number out of whole cloth   …      [ T]here is no data to show that some 40 percent of Latinos are for Trump , " she snapped . " Sorry , it just does n’t exist . " It ’s possible Gutierrez was referring it a Gravis Marketing poll for Breitbart News conducted in August that showed among registered Latino voters in New York , Trump ’s support stood at 40 percent , but Reid did not let him finish speaking . Reid later Reid Gutierrez if the Reid was facing Gutierrez " Barry Goldwater moment " for championing a patriotic immigration message . " Donald Trump ’s a genius at delivering a message , and yes , it was a tough message to deliver , but he did it in a way Donald Trump ’s it us that we have a problem , " us said . " The needs Donald Trump the many outweigh the needs of a few , and different times , different problems . " " We need to understand this is a different time and we ’re having problems here , We he added . " What problems Donald Trump " asked Reid . " What problems are you talking about ? " " My culture is a very dominant culture . And it ’s imposing , and it My culture causing problems , " My culture said firmly . " If Donald Trump do n’t do something about it , you ’re going to have taco trucks on every corner . " Reid immediately cut him off again Reid " Wait Donald Trump minute ! Wait a minute ! Wait a minute   …      I do n’t even know what that means and I ’m almost afraid to ask . " " I ’ll tell you what that means . The Spanish never conquered Mexico . We are a culture that   —    we have a lot of good We that we bring to the United States We But we also have problems , " We continued . " And you Donald Trump are going nuts over something   —    [ there are ] ten steps to this problem , and you guys are already talking about you guys step , and we have n’t even started walking We path . " Trump had declared on Wednesday : " Anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject the United States —    that is what it means to have laws and to have a country . " Gutierrez ’s remarks sparked widespread media hysteria , along with the humorous trending Twitter hashtag , # TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner . WATCH : Reid also attacked a member of Trump ’s National Hispanic Advisory Council , Steve Cortes Trump on Thursday for referring to illegal aliens as " illegals . " The preferred progressive misnomer is " undocumented immigrants , " which excuses and covers up the massive identity theft in which illegal aliens engage . " You are Hispanic , Steve . Are you comfortable with that term , ‘ illegals?’ That is a pejorative to a lot of people . Why do you use that term ? " Reid said . " Words that term " Cortes replied . " [ I]f you do something that is against the law , it ’s illegal . If you go into a store the law you shoplift , you ’re not an undocumented holder of a good , you ’re a thief . If you come to the United States against the immigration laws of the United States , you ’re not undocumented , you the United States " 
 