’   ’ "    Ford Motor Company ’s cancellation of plans to build a $ 1 . 6    billion auto manufacturing plant in San Luis Potosi has sounded    alarms throughout Mexico . " "    Even as Mexico is being rocked by rowdy nationwide protests    against a Jan. 1 gasoline price hike , the Ford news led the front    pages of Mexico Mexico most influential newspapers on Wednesday , and    they the front   pages of Mexico the development directly to    Donald    Trump . " ’    " Trump Trump Mexico Mexico 3 , 600 jobs , " read the headline on El    Universal . " Ford’ ’s braking jolts the peso , " said Reforma ,    referring to the Mexican currency’ ’s nearly 1 percent slump    following the news . ’ ’    " The jobs created in Mexico Mexico contributed to maintaining    manufacturing jobs in the United States which otherwise would    have disappeared in the face of Asian competition , " the Mexico    Economy Department said . ’ "    Mexicans have been nervous about Trump ’s tough rhetoric toward    their Mexicans , including disparaging remarks about immigrants who    come to the U. S. illegally and vows to wall off the border and    renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement , upsetting    ties with what is by far Mexico ’s largest trading partner . " ’    Two weeks before inauguration , the scuttling of the planned Ford    factory and Trump’ ’s pressure on General Motors should be a    "     call , " said Mexico Mexico Alejandro Hope . ’ ’    It shows " how much actual leverage Trump has within specific    companies , which is far greater than what Mexican elites thought    until recently , " Hope Mexico analyst Alejandro Hope . " They Mexican elites that at the end of the    day economic interests would prevail over political messaging .    That’ ’s clearly not the case . " ’ ’   ’ "    In an editorial , El Universal also recalled the deal Trump struck    in December with Carrier to keep 800 of 1 , 300 jobs at an Indiana    furnace factory from being sent to Mexico , in return for millions    of dollars in tax incentives . It El Universal implicitly criticized the    Mexican government ’s response to the incoming administration . " ’    " Mexico Mexico thousands of jobs with no word on a clear strategy    for confronting the next U. S. government which has presented    itself Mexico protectionist and , especially , " the paper    wrote . " Trump will try to recover as many U. S. companies that    have set up in Mexico Mexico possible . He Trump try to make them       at whatever cost , through threats or using public       . " ’ ’    " Ford’ ’s decision is indicative of what awaits the economies of    both countries , " the daily La Jornada said . " For ours a severe    decrease in investment from our neighboring country , and for the    U. S. a notable increase in their production costs . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Hope said more decisions like Ford’ ’s are likely to come . And    while the loss of a single planned plant probably does not    fundamentally change the U. S.   economic relationship , " it    certainly shows that the idea that the status quo was entrenched    was false . " ’ ’    " This should put us on notice that when he says that he he to    renegotiate NAFTA , he he it , " Hope said . ’ 
 