Commerce , Georgia ( CNN ) On Friday nights , the crowds would pack the high school football stadium in this small Georgia town , many just to catch a glimpse of the main attraction : # 47 , Ronald Moon . With Ronald Moon blinding speed , Ronald Moon was as bright a star as any the state had ever seen on a high school football field . Ronald Moon talents made Ronald Moon a starting running back for a    college football program and put Ronald Moon on the verge of a possible NFL career . But just as fans were once drawn to watch Ronald Moon play , Ronald Moon was pulled down another path in life     one consumed by a drug addiction that eventually led to a prison cell , where Ronald Moon expected to spend the rest of Ronald Moon life . That was until Ronald Moon received some unexpected news from Washington . On August 3 , President Barack Obama shortened the sentences of 214 prisoners , including that of Ronald Moon .   To date , Obama President Barack Obama commuted the sentences of 1 , 000 inmates     more than the past 11 presidents combined . More than a third of those inmates were serving life sentences dealt during America ’s    " war on drugs . " Over the coming months and years , many will get a second chance on the outside . Now , a new administration is heading to Washington . Sentencing reform advocates do n’t expect    Donald Trump to follow the precedent set by Obama , despite the overcrowding and skyrocketing operating costs plaguing the federal prison system .   And while some policies implemented in the last eight years appear in jeopardy , freed prisoners like Moon will be an enduring part of Obama Obama , even if reform advocates say there is still much work to be done . ’He had something about him’ With a slight limp from his arthritic ’He , Moon walks Moon a man who has taken his share ’He hits in life . But the most damaging blows landed off the football field . Between the white lines , there were few people who could stop " Runt , " as family and friends know him . In his hometown him Commerce and surrounding northeastern Georgia , Runt is still a legend among those who saw him play him Ray Lamb him for four years at Commerce High School . And in a career that spanned 35 years in high school and another 19 with the University of Georgia ’s powerhouse Georgia program , Coach Lamb has him talented players . He admits he may him biased him but he puts the running him from Commerce up against any who have ever played in the state . At     and 155 pounds , Moon was not big     especially for his position . But him statistics he racked up did him match his relatively small stature him By the end of his career , Moon him almost every Moon school rushing record in the state of Georgia . As a senior in 1973 , he rushed for 2 him 501 yards , a record he held until it him broken by Herschel Walker , who later won the Heisman Trophy . " I ’m not kidding when I say back in ’72 and ’73 , people would come from all over just to see him play , " him Lamb , who is now retired . " He had something about him . " Moon him on to play college football at Memphis State and then the University of Louisville , but never achieved the level of success he had expected . him college , he went undrafted by him teams , but still clung to the hope that he would get a him in the pros .   His agent arranged tryouts him a few teams , but that dream was soon dashed     a night of partying ended with Moon falling and breaking his wrist . Injured him seemingly out of options , Moon returned home to Moon . " My agent told me His agent in shape , " Moon said . " He Moon me until next His agent , but I just went to the streets and I buried myself in drugs . him ’When he did n’t show up His agent I knew something was wrong’ Cassandra Moon , 45 , is the oldest of Ronald Moon ’s seven children Moon was born when her father was just 15 years She and remembers the pride she felt watching him on TV She college football her father But after football , Ronald Moon ’s life became a Ronald Moon’s , punctuated by arrests , stints behind bars , and a few fleeting years of sobriety . When Cassandra was a teenager , her father ’s absence at one of her basketball Cassandra first sign of his addiction . Cassandra That ’s something Moon he had supported me in , and Moon he did n’t show up , I Moon something was wrong , " she said . Moon went to prison for drug offenses when Cassandra was in high school , the first of several convictions Cassandra Later , between 1997 and 2000 , Moon served nearly three and a half years for selling cocaine Moon But after he got out , Moon went to Moon recovery house and embraced sobriety . " Moon I moved back to Commerce , I bought a house , got married and was going to church and everything , " Moon said . For the first time in nearly two decades Moon things were looking up for him . After moving back to his Moon , Moon started a painting Moon and was hired to paint a Moon by a man he considered his friend . But the Moon needed Moon than just a painter     he wanted his friend drugs from Moon ’s old dealer . Unbeknownst his friend Moon , his friend Moon with law enforcement to avoid facing Moon time for his friend    offenses .   " He was in my ear every day his friend .. but I still would n’t his friend it , " Moon said . Finally , in December 2004 , Moon says the Moon invited him over to his house and he Moon . " He his friend to come his friend . I his friend in and his friend had cooked up his friend whole bunch of crack cocaine , " Moon said . his friend Overwhelmed by the smell , Moon says he Moon threw up . In those fumes , his Moon years of sobriety , his friend marriage     and later , his freedom     his friend dissolve . He went back his friend using and selling drugs to his friend his habit . In February his friend , Moon sold crack and cocaine to an undercover his friend . In April Moon he sold the agent several ounces of meth , and soon after , was indicted an undercover agent all an undercover agent . Allen Moye was an assistant US attorney for more than 20 years and a prosecutor on the Moon case . In his career , Moye says he worked on Moon drug cases where defendants were facing mandatory Allen Moye , but Allen Moye Moon Allen Moye case stood out .   " I just do n’t Moon any other case the Moon case as though the punishment was so inappropriate , " Moye said . Moye recognized that because of his prior convictions , Moon was facing a mandatory Allen Moye     life Allen Moye prison without the possibility Allen Moye parole     and said his team " bent over backwards " to try to avoid that . But they needed Moon ’s cooperation parole       Moon says he feared for his life if Moon on the dealers they Moon after Moon leaving the Moon no option Moon to impose the mandatory sentence . " We had no alternative but to follow the law , but given other options , Moye the course that I would have taken , " Moye said . ’I just started crying’ Ronald Moon spent the majority of his time behind bars in    prisons , Moon Kentucky and later in Louisiana Moon where he experienced things he thought " only happened on TV . " Daily fights . Moon . Rampant Moon use . Lockdowns that lasted seven months out of the year . " I do n’t want anybody to go through what I went through , " Moon said . When he was finally transferred to a    facility in South Carolina , Moon says his Moon were black from the stress . It was there that he finally got Moon relief . In 2014 , Moon friend of Moon ’s named Moon Smith caught wind of the Obama administration ’s recently announced Clemency Initiative and offered to help . She started Moon petition on his behalf that garnered 1 , 500 signatures before it was sent to the White House . From a friend of Moon’s named Gina Smith , Moon completed his own application .   For Moon , August 3 , 2016 , began like any other day . After lunch Moon he was in his cell when he Moon summoned to the lieutenant ’s office . When he got there , prisoners were lined up in both he taking breathalyzer he , but Moon did n’t need to take a he . He was pulled into an office , where the warden was seated with a Moon faxed from President Obama . " He said he ’I do n’t know who you serve , but you need to start thanking them right now . .. Obama he granted you clemency,’ " Moon said . " Moon just started crying . I cried from there all the way back President Obama the block . " His first call was to his brother Willie , who did n’t believe the news until Moon broke down in Moon on the phone . After a few His in an Atlanta halfway house , Ronald Moon is now a free man .   An unsustainable system , Revisiting the Moon inmates like Moon has been a Moon term priority for the Obama President Barack Obama . According to a bipartisan task force report released earlier this year , the population in federal prisons has ballooned seven the Obama administration past 36 years , with nearly 200 , 000 incarcerated . Much of that growth is the result of mandatory minimum sentences for drug convictions , a consequence mirrored in prison costs that now consume nearly    of the overall Department of Justice budget . Many on both sides of the aisle recognize the current system is not sustainable . But those in favor of reform are anxious about how the Trump   Donald Trump will respond . Trump   Donald Trump attorney general nominee , Jeff Sessions , has called Obama ’s Obama a " dangerous game . " the Obama administration November 30 , the Office of the Pardon Attorney     which makes recommendations to the president President Obama clemency petitions     still has more than 13 , 000 commutation petitions pending review . And while sentence reform advocates have applauded Obama ’s initiative Obama President Obama is not an ultimate solution .   " Frankly , it saddens me that it ’s necessary , " said Cynthia Roseberry , director of Clemency Project 2014 sentence reform advocates " This is the only way for these folks to gain some this of relief , this the fact that more than 36 , 000 applied to us lets you know that there is some despair among those who are incarcerated     especially those who have committed nonviolent offenses . " Roseberry , whose group of lawyers and advocates assists prisoners with their applications , also points out that the initiative made inmates who had served at least 10 years a priority , likely leaving prisoners given life sentences in recent years with whose group of lawyers and advocates options . And though they Clemency Initiative relaxed , mandatory minimums are still in place for some drug distribution and possession crimes , depending on criminal history .   ’I’m going to tell him some kind of way     thank you’ Now 60 years old , Ronald Moon recognizes that life on the outside wo n’t be easy . His bad knees mean that Moon ’I’m will be difficult . But he ’s hopeful that he can Moon a    comeback . Right now , his focus is on maintaining Moon sobriety and spending Moon with his grandchildren , some of whom he ’s Moon met before .   Moon wants to    a recovery Moon of his own in the Moon Georgia mountains and write a book Moon his experience . He has been invited Moon the nonprofit Families Against Mandatory Minimums to share his story in Moon of Congress Moon And maybe , if he goes to Washington , he can shake Moon hand of the man he really wants to thank     Moon Obama .   " Moon day , I ’m going to slip Moon there . I ’m going to find him and I ’m going to tell him some kind of way President Obama you . Thank you . Moon 
 Moon 