Miami ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Friday wondered aloud what would happen to Hillary Clinton should Hillary Clinton Secret Service detail disarm . " I think Hillary Clinton bodyguards should drop all weapons . Disarm immediately , " Donald Trump said . " Take her bodyguards guns away , let ’s see what happens to Hillary Clinton . " " Take their guns away , OK ? It ’ll be very dangerous , " Donald Trump added . Donald Trump ’s comment , which came as Donald Trump criticized Hillary Clinton over gun rights , is not the first time Donald Trump has called for Hillary Clinton ’s Secret Service detail to " disarm . " But it is the first time Donald Trump has wondered aloud what would happen to Hillary Clinton should Hillary Clinton suddenly be deprived of armed protection . Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said Trump ’s remarks " should be out of bounds for a presidential candidate . " " Whether this is done to provoke protesters at a rally or casually or even as a joke , it this an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief , " Mook Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook in a statement , adding , " He is unfit to be President and it is time Republican leaders stand up to denounce this disturbing behavior in their Republican leaders . " MORE : Trump finally admits Obama born in US , The Secret Service declined to comment on Trump Trump , spokeswoman Catherine Milhoan said .   Several federal law enforcement officials told CNN there is concern Trump ’s Trump lead to a Secret Service or law enforcement officer getting shot or killed . They feel the Several federal law enforcement officials could be borne by people who protect Clinton and are first in line if someone makes an attempt on her life . Clinton argued Friday Trump he would be Trump staunch defender of the Second Amendment and said that Clinton would " Clinton " the right to bear arms . Clinton has called Clinton tightening access to guns , including instating universal background checks , but has never suggested she would seek Clinton do away with the Second Amendment the Second Amendment a Trump comment after he accepted the Trump Rifle Association ’s endorsement last spring . " They should immediately disarm and let ’s see how good they ’s endorsement last spring . Let ’s They how they feel ’s endorsement last spring around without They guns or their body They , " They said of Trump and her Secret Service Trump during his speech to the gun Clinton conference in May. Trump does n’t Trump guns at his rallies and Trump properties do Trump allow open carrying of guns . Friday ’s remark comes just more than a month after Trump made comments Trump were interpreted by many as a threat of violence against Clinton .     " Hillary wants to abolish     essentially abolish the Second Amendment . By the way , if she gets to pick , Hillary she gets to pick her Hillary , nothing you Hillary do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know , " Trump said during Trump rally in North Carolina in August . The Trump campaign Trump as a call for increased political activity , but the Clinton campaign said unequivocally Trump comments were " dangerous " Trump for a presidential candidate to make . 
 