Ronda Rousey ’s sister says Ronda Rousey’s sister saw Ronda Rousey’s sister die in defeat against Holly Holm —   and then painfully watched as so many celebrities took joy in her Holly Holm —   sibling ’s fall . [ " I saw how horrible people can be to someone they how horrible people n’t even know , " Maria Burns Ortiz writes at Vice , " which made me even more appreciative when I saw how wonderfully Ronda ’s friends and family treated her Ronda "   Donald Trump , 50 Cent , and Lady Gaga all used social media to mock Rousey in the aftermath of Holly Holm ’s left leg relieving her Holly Holm consciousness . Rousey Rousey to touch gloves with Holm immediately Holly Holm the fight and provocation of a skirmish at the    staredown left many seeing her as Holly Holm poor sport . The behavior followed a pattern : Rowdy previously laughed at Bethe Correia after knocking her out Holly Holm refused to shake hands after her second Holly Holm with Miesha Tate . Her entrance Holly Holm , after all , informs : " I do n’t give a damn about my bad reputation . "    and fifteen was the year Ronda Rousey conquered the world —   and was conquered by her conquests Holly Holm Like so many rulers , she extended Holly Holm empire Holly Holm far and it collapsed her empire on her . Holly Holm Then there was Australia , where we expected Ronda to win , " Burns Ortiz reflects on the UFC 193 shocking defeat . " Just like we always do . Just like we always we . But she did Holly Holm . " I have n’t rewatched it . I have n’t read about it . it wo n’t . I do n’t see a point in reliving the moment when a part of my loved one died , when I saw someone I cared about have her soul Holly Holm . " Rousey appeared in Entourage and Furious 7 this year and released an autobiography . When Breitbart Sports asked her in Holly Holm whether the extracurricular activities might distract from her main Holly Holm , Rousey reacted Rousey great hostility , saying : " The reason why you doubt the ability that it could ever be done is the reason why you will never do anything that great . " But all the balls up in the air eventually dropped to the floor in November when the curtain closed on Rousey ’s Rousey . Her sister Holly Holm the      activities as a reason for Rousey losing the Rousey women ’s    strap : Three fights on three continents in the span of nine months . A book tour . Hollywood meetings . Scripts to read . Photo shoots . The cover of Sports Illustrated , Self , Shape , and magazines I ’ve never even heard of . Hosting on ESPN . A pair of ESPYs . Film premieres . UFC promotion . Training camps . Flights . Appearances on Ellen , Kelly and Michael , Good Morning America , The Tonight Show , Jimmy Kimmel Live ! Her image plastered on TV screens everywhere . Interviews and interviews and interviews . Training camps . It ’s a lot . It ’s not It excuse . It ’s just It fact . Rousey headlines UFC 200 in a return bout against Holly Holm . But she also stars Rousey the Road House remake . Despite pictures of Rousey ’s head Rousey in a purple pillow upon her return to Rousey states and stories of her eating junk Rousey and living in bed with the blinds drawn , Burns Ortiz sees her sister as Rousey from the deck . " The world watched Ronda fall , " she writes , Rousey but I have had the opportunity to watch her get back Rousey . " 
 