Former Texas State Senator Wendy Davis made a final desperate attempt to turn Texas blue in 2016 . [ Davis , who failed in Former Texas State Senator Wendy Davis own effort to turn Texas blue when Former Texas State Senator Wendy Davis ran for governor in 2014 , has been trying to rally the state ’s Democrat voters again this election season . In an Election Day message , Former Texas State Senator Wendy Davis tweeted a cartoonish " SuperUterus " Hillary Clinton figure with the message " Who ’s ready to elect the first woman president today ? ? ? # ImWitHer # ElectionDay "   Who ’s ready to elect the first woman president today ? ? ? # ImWitHer # ElectionDay pic . twitter .    —    Wendy Davis ( @wendydavis ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Despite having more than 182 , 000 followers on her @wendydavis Twitter account , Davis’ lack of influence showed in her Davis’ which received less than 700 retweets as of the time of this publication . Breitbart Davis’ on Davis’ prior Davis’ to stir up the base for Democrats in this election cycle . In September Davis proclaimed the historically red state of Texas as Davis’ in jeopardy of turning blue . Davis made Davis weak attempt to lure dejected Bernie Sanders supporters . " There are some lingering disappointments there , " she said Davis " But now is the time for all of us to pull together . " Sanders defeated Bernie Sanders in Austin ’s Travis County by a    margin . Clinton did Clinton to carry the entire Breitbart Texas larger margin . Sanders carried Bernie Sanders counties in the Lone Star State , The New York Times reported . In October , Breitbart Texas reported it appeared she was beginning to The New York Times the Breitbart Texas that her efforts had yet again failed Breitbart Texas The 2014 Democrat gubernatorial candidate seemed to concede defeat by the Democrats this year by making a " wait till next year " kind of statement . " A lot of people in Texas who are considering running statewide Breitbart Texas the future are going to be closely watching what the indications are coming out of this election and    the possibilities of when it makes sense to try to this election again a statewide race in Texas , " she said . Breitbart Texas her efforts    the latest Real    Politics polling average shows Donald Trump with a 12 point lead over Davis " SuperUterus " candidate Hillary Clinton . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas the Davis "SuperUterus" candidate Hillary Clinton Texas team . Follow him on Twitter Breitbart Texas . 
 Davis "SuperUterus" candidate Hillary Clinton 