Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin joined the Today show to talk about Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin endorsement of Donald Trump as Iowans go to caucus tonight for the Republican presidential primary . [ " This was probably a tough call for you , between Ted Cruz and Donald Trump , " began Savannah Guthrie during the interview .   " It was n’t tough , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin interrupted . " Really , " Guthrie Guthrie . " No , it was n’t tough , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin repeated . Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin explained that Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin was happy to endorse Ted Ted Cruz his Senate Ted Cruz , because he was Ted Cruz fighter for the American people but that Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin wanted him to Ted Cruz in Washington D. C. " I want to keep him in Ted Cruz Senate Senate I want Donald Trump to be our president , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin said . Guthrie asked Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin if Trump was necessarily Donald Trump the godly candidate " for evangelical voters . " I hope voters are n’t trying to find the most    godliest candidate out there because who are we to judge one another ’s level of faith   —    our Christian quotient we you will , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin said . Host Matt Lauer suggested that perhaps Donald Trump was Donald Trump of a true conservative , citing his Democratic record . Donald Trump referred to Ronald Reagan , pointing out that Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin was " glad " that Donald Trump was a Donald Trump had " seen the light . " Later in the show , Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin was asked by    Willie Geist about what Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin brought to Donald Trump ’s campaign by Donald Trump . " I ’m very Donald Trump very conservative , very much a    proudly clinging to my God , my guns and my Constitution , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin said . " I think I speak for a lot of Americans who have those same values . " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin asserted that Trump was a constitutional conservative   Donald Trump    and a political outsider that would help shake up Washington . " I think people are craving honesty and candidness and folks who are outside of that permanent political class that have been kind of part of the problem and , certainly , on the Republican side of the fence , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin said . " That ’s what we ’re getting in Donald Trump ’s candidacy , someone who is promising to restore Constitutional government , which is what we ’ve wanted and expected . we Geist asked Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin if there was any part of Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin that would be " proud " if Americans elected the first woman president by electing Hillary Clinton . " Sure , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin responded , but added that Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin would prefer many other women to reach that historical milestone . " That ’s not going to happen though , so that ’s such a hypothetical , " Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin concluded .   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) 
 