Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Steve Scalise , a congressional staffer , a lobbyist and a member of the Capitol police force were shot Wednesday in Alexandria , Virginia , during a Republicans’    practice ahead of a charity baseball game .   Federal law enforcement officials identified the alleged shooter as James Hodgkinson , 66 , of Belleville , Illinois , who died following a shootout with authorities .   At least six people including Scalise , the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip , were hospitalized .   Scalise was in critical condition after suffering damage to internal organs , and Scalise injuries will require additional operations , according to a MedStar Washington Hospital Center medical update late Wednesday . " Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip . The bullet traveled across his pelvis Scalise fracturing bones , injuring internal organs , and causing severe bleeding , " MedStar said MedStar a statement put out by Scalise ’s Scalise " He underwent immediate Scalise , and an additional procedure to stop bleeding . He has received Scalise units of blood transfusion . His condition is Scalise , and he will require Scalise operations . We will provide periodic updates . " A congressional staffer , Zach Barth , was also shot in the leg and has since been released from the hospital . Matt Mika , a lobbyist for Tyson Foods and former congressional staffer , was also identified as one of those shot . He was out of surgery and in critical condition as of Wednesday afternoon , his family said He a statement . House Speaker Paul Ryan said two members of the Capitol Police     Crystal Griner and David Bailey     were injured Wednesday .   In a statement , Capitol Police said Griner was in Crystal Griner good condition in the hospital having been shot in the ankle , " and Bailey " was David Bailey     and released having sustained a minor injury during the incident . " Trump made a surprise visit to MedStar Washington Hospital Center around sunset Wednesday . He Wednesday next Trump Scalise ’s bed and spoke with the congressman ’s family , according to White House press secretary Sean Spicer . He also spoke Trump Griner and her wife , Griner well as hospital doctors . A senior administration official said the mood inside the hospital was somber during Trump ’s visit , which came hours after Scalise emerged from Scalise’s still in critical condition after suffering a single rifle shot to his hip . Scalise’s Roger Williams , a Texas Republican whom Barth works for , was also hospitalized and released with an injury to his leg . Scalise’s Lawmakers described a chaotic scene during the shooting . Many members of the congressional GOP baseball team were huddled in a dugout while Capitol police     who were part of Scalise ’s security detail     and local Alexandria police engaged in a shootout with Hodgkinson . Congressional and law enforcement sources described it as a " deliberate attack . "   Traces were still being done on the two firearms recovered at the scene     an SKS rifle and a 9 mm pistol on Wednesday , a law enforcement source tells CNN . House Republican and Democratic leaders called for unity , while President Donald Trump said in an address from the White House that the prayers of the nation and world are with Scalise . " Congressman Scalise is Scalise , and a very good friend , " Trump said . President Donald Trump He ’s a patriot Scalise And he ’s a fighter Scalise He will recover from Scalise assault     and Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you , but of an entire nation , and frankly the entire world . America is praying for you and America is praying for America of the victims of this terrible shooting . " Ryan condemned the shooting and praised this terrible shooting Police on the House floor later Wednesday . " We are united . We are united in our We . We are We in our We . An attack We one of us is an attack on We of us , " Ryan said We drawing a Ryan standing ovation . Members practicing for traditional baseball game , Members of Congress were practicing for a charity baseball game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park . Rep. Martha McSally ,    said the game will still go a charity baseball game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park scheduled . The annual game has been played a charity baseball game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park and McSally said lawmakers applauded the announcement at an Rep. Martha McSally meeting . RELATED : A short history    the Congressional Baseball Game , Rep. Joe Barton , who manages the Republican team , told reporters that the Fallen Officers Fund has been added to the charities that will receive the proceeds . Rep. Mike Doyle , who manages the Democratic team , said at the same conference that his team would host the Republican team at Rep. Mike Doyle, who manages the Democratic team club for dinner the Republican team .   " Some of them have probably never set foot in that building , " he joked . Lawmakers describe a terrifying scene , Lawmakers who Rep. Mike Doyle, who manages the Democratic team at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice taking place a terrifying scene field where they ’ve practiced for years , when suddenly shots rang out Lawmakers Lawmakers , staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover , jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots .   Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base , where he had Scalise playing , and lying there until the shooter was Scalise , at which point some of them ran to assist him until he could be evacuated . Once Members were able , Scalise Jeff Scalise said he and Rep. Brad Members , who is a physician , went Sen. Jeff Flake where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound . Scalise was coherent the whole time , Flake said . Kentucky Sen. Scalise Paul told CNN " it would Sen. Jeff Flake been a massacre " without the Capitol Police officers present . " Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police , " Paul said on CNN . " It would have been a massacre Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul them . CNN " We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle them , " Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks said . Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise ’s security detail return fire on Flake gunman for what felt like 10 minutes , even though the police officer was wounded in the leg . RELATED : GOP pitcher chokes back tears as he reflects on teammates’ camaraderie , " Fifty ( shots ) would GOP pitcher an understatement , I ’m quite sure , " Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire , including police returning fire . Brooks said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and did n’t say Shooter Shooter identified , Hodgkinson ’s Facebook page is largely political , and his profile picture is a caricature of Bernie Sanders as Uncle Sam . Hodgkinson The Facebook feed is filled with    sentiments such as " Trump is guilty and should go to prison    treason . "   He also " liked " a political cartoon that suggested that Scalise should Trump fired . On March 22 , he posted " Trump is a Traitor . Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy Trump It ’s Trump to Destroy Trump   Trump " Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy both in a statement Trump the Senate floor that he had learned the shooter had volunteered on his Democratic presidential campaign     and Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders he condemned the shooting " in the Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders possible terms . " " I Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign , " Sanders said . " I am sickened by this despicable act . Let me Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders as clear as I can be . Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms , " he said . " Real change can only come about through nonviolent action , Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders anything else runs against our most deeply held American values . " Capitol Hill increases security , cancels events , The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill , where security was increased and many regular proceedings were canceled or Capitol Hill In his remarks , Ryan also said he ’d been moved by an image of Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders of the Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders congressional baseball Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders huddled in prayer after learning of the shooting . " Every day we come here to test and to challenge each the shooting We feel so deeply about the things that we fight for and the things that we we in . At times , our emotions we clearly get the best of us we We are all imperfect . But we do not shed our humanity when we we this we . For all the noise we all the fury we we are we family , " Ryan said . The House decided to not hold any we on legislation Wednesday Trump  Co." Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Wednesday hearings were delayed . The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation .   Capitol Hill Police Capitol Police that the security presence on the Hill would be increased " out of an abundance of caution . " Members of Congress Capitol Hill the past by violence Congress Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Congress Scalise Giffords in January 2011 . Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a " Congress On Your Corner " event former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords a Tucson grocery store . Giffords , who authorities said was the main target of the shooting , survived the attack , but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured . the shooting : Steve Scalise is the 9th sitting member of Congress to be shot , Loughner Scalise in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . CORRECTION : An Jared Lee Loughner version of this report misidentified this size of the a pistol recovered from the scene of the shooting . It was a 9 this terrible shooting . An earlier version of this story incorrectly described the SKS rifle . 
 