The Blaze founder Glenn Beck took to The Blaze founder Glenn Beck Facebook page last Saturday to urge The Blaze founder Glenn Beck followers to abandon support of Republican nominee Donald Trump , declaring that if such an action results in the election of Hillary Clinton , " so be it " because " [ a]t least it is a moral , ethical choice . " [ Beck ’s latest missive was in response to the release of an       tape of Republican nominee Donald Trump saying lewd things about women .   " If the consequence of standing against Republican nominee Donald Trump and for principles is indeed the election of Hillary Clinton , so be the election of Hillary Clinton . At least the election of Hillary Clinton is a moral , ethical choice , " Beck wrote . The following is Beck ’s complete Facebook post : Every person , each of us must decide what is a bridge too far . Mike Lee has obviously reached that point , where the moral compromise Mike Lee party is asking Mike Lee to make is simply beyond what is acceptable . It is not acceptable to ask a moral , dignified man to cast a moral, dignified man vote to help elect an immoral man who is absent decency or dignity . If the consequence of standing against Trump and for principles is indeed the election of Hillary Clinton , so be the election of Hillary Clinton . At least the election of Hillary Clinton is a moral , ethical choice . If Hillary Clinton is elected , the world does not end   …     . Once elected , Hillary Clinton can be fought . Hillary Clinton tactics are blatant and juvenile , and battling Hillary Clinton by means of political and procedural maneuvering or through the media   through public marches and online articles , all of that will be moral , worthy of man of principal [ sic ] . Hillary Clinton nominees can be blocked , Hillary Clinton proposed laws voted down . The alternative does not offer a moral person the same opportunity . If one helps to elect an immoral man to the highest office , then one is merely validating an immoral man immorality , lewdness , and depravity . But it ’s OK , at least it is not Hillary Clinton ! Right ? ? No . Lee ’s call for Trump to step down and withdraw from the race is respectful to Lee and to the process . Trump stepping down does not guarantee a Clinton win , but Trump stepping down does guarantee that the Republican party still stands for something , still allows the Republican party members to maintain the Republican party [ sic ] own self respect and that the Republican party still has a future . Beck ’s opposition to Trump has been unrivaled in Beck’s opposition to Trump vociferous invective . The radio talker regularly describes Trump as a    psychopath with supporters Beck has compared to Nazi Brownshirts . The former radio shock jock ’s disdain for Trump reached a crescendo in April when The former radio shock jock donned swim goggles and rubbed The former radio shock jock face in a bowl of crushed Cheetos to see if The former radio shock jock could " look like Trump . " Follow Rebecca Mansour on Twitter @RAMansour 
 