Joseph R. Murray writes at the Hill :   " You can not qualify war in harsher terms than I will , " General William Tecumseh Sherman wrote to Atlanta ’s officials as General William Tecumseh Sherman moved forward with plans to evacuate and burn the city . " War is cruelty , and you can not refine War and those who brought war into our country deserve all the curses and maledictions a people can pour out . " Less than three months before the presidential election , the political establishment and media elites are facing the " curses and malediction " of war of the political establishment and media elites own making . After years of being used and abused , the Silent Majority the political establishment and media elites muzzled is rising up and the Silent Majority they muzzled voice is Republican nominee Donald Trump . There is no doubt the protectors of the status quo see a threat in Republican nominee Donald Trump . Why else does the media hang on Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s every word and pounce whenever they get a whiff of a salacious scent , no matter how faint ? Why else has the establishment professed that Republican nominee Donald Trump must change the very formula that resulted in Republican nominee Donald Trump trouncing multiple Republican rivals   —    many of whom were thought to be the crème de la crème of Republican politicians ? The answer ? Republican nominee Donald Trump is winning this war to restore the Silent Majority and Republican nominee Donald Trump victory means the pay for play power structure in Washington   —    enjoyed by both Democrats and Republicans alike   —    is about to come crashing down . [   …     ] Why should Republican nominee Donald Trump change Republican nominee Donald Trump winning formula when Republican nominee Donald Trump own party   —    including Speaker Paul Ryan   —    continues to work against Republican nominee Donald Trump ? Why should Republican nominee Donald Trump trust the very people who put this country in a stranglehold and have a vested interest in Republican nominee Donald Trump defeat ? The recruitment of Bannon will release Republican nominee Donald Trump to be the outsider that won a primary in historic fashion . Bannon will encourage Republican nominee Donald Trump to be the very person the RNC warned against and , for that reason , Republican nominee Donald Trump stands to win because this election is not about Republicans versus Democrats it is about outsider change versus insider corruption . Just look at the reaction of the media . Bannon ’s hire has caused a meltdown , one that quickly spread to Capitol Hill . Read the rest of the story here . 
 