A new national poll from Quinnipiac University finds socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders surging into a tie against Hillary Clinton . socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders has closed a    gap from Quinnipiac ’s last national poll at the end of December . [ " Democrats nationwide are feeling the Bern as socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders closes a    gap to tie Secretary Hillary Hillary Clinton Tim Malloy , assistant director of the Quinnipiac Poll , said in a release .   Clinton leads Sanders by Hillary Clinton points ,    within the poll ’s margin the Quinnipiac Poll . In late December , Clinton had led Sanders Hillary Clinton socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders    point margin . Perhaps more importantly , Sanders now socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders better against potential GOP challengers than Clinton . Clinton is Hillary Clinton 5 Hillary Clinton Trump , while Sanders beats socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders by socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders points . Ted Cruz and Clinton are tied , Hillary Clinton Sanders edges socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders   . Sanders is socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders against Marco Rubio , while Clinton trails Rubio by Hillary Clinton points . Clinton supporters have consoled Hillary Clinton that , Iowa and Clinton supporters Hampshire notwithstanding , Hillary was better positioned nationally against Sanders for socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders nomination . It was also widely assumed the nomination Clinton would fare better Hillary Clinton potential GOP rivals , a fact that would help her greatly has Democrats looked Hillary the strongest candidate in November . That assumption is turning on its head now , however That assumption Sanders , socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders + 9 ,   has the best favorable ratings of all the candidates , with 44 percent of voters have a positive opinion and 35 percent negative . Hillary Clinton ’s favorable ratings , however , are    points . Only 39 percent of voters have a favorable impression on Hillary , while 56 percent have an unfavorable view . Only Donald Trump has a worse favorable rating . Like 2008 , Hillary Clinton is finding that Hillary Clinton inevitable , up until the point that they are n’t . In the frontrunners following her loss in the Iowa caucuses Hillary Clinton Barack Obama , Clinton continued to lead national polls Hillary Clinton    points . Clinton ’s national lead is falling Hillary Clinton faster than it did in 2008 . We all Clinton’s national lead how that story ended . 
 