’   ’ ’ Sam Altman runs a prestigious Silicon Valley startup    incubator , Y Combinator . Sam Altman did not vote for Donald Trump . But Sam Altman    wanted to learn about how the rest of America thinks and feels .    So Sam Altman spent months traveling America , interviewing Donald Trump supporters . Sam Altman   and has allowed Business    Insider to publish them here He  and well . ’ ’    After the election , I decided to talk to 100 Trump Donald Trump from    around the country America went to the middle of the country , America middle of the state , and talked to many online . ’ "    This was a surprisingly interesting and helpful experience   —    I    highly recommend it . With three This , I found something to    like about everyone    talked to ( though I strongly disagreed with    many of the    they said ) . Although it should n’t have    surprised me given    voting data , I was definitely surprised by    the diversity of the people I spoke to   —    I did not expect to talk    to so many    , Mexicans , Black people , and women in the    course of this project . " ’    Almost everyone I asked was willing to talk to me , but almost    none of them wanted me to use their names   — none of them even people from very    red states were worried about getting " targeted by those people    in Silicon Valley if they knew I voted even people from very   red states him . " One person in    Silicon Valley even asked Silicon Valley sign a confidentiality agreement    before she would talk to me One person in   Silicon Valley as she worried she’’d lose her One person in   Silicon Valley if    people One person in   Silicon Valley her company knew she was One person in   Silicon Valley strong Trump One person in   Silicon Valley . ’ "    I wanted to understand what Trump voters liked and did Trump like    about the president ,    they were nervous about , Trump voters they    thought about the Trump voters    response so far , and most importantly ,    what would convince them    to vote for Trump voters in the future . the president ’    Obviously , this is not a poll and not " data . " But I think    narratives are really important    ’ "    Here ’s what I heard . " ’    The TL;DR quote is this : ’ ’    " You all can defeat Trump next time , but not if you keep mocking    us , refusing to listen to us , and cutting us us . It’ ’s us Republicans , not Democrats , who will take Trump down . " ’ Trump   ’ ’    " He is not politically correct . " Note : This sentiment came up    a lot , probably in at least a third of the conversations I    had . ’ ’    " He says true but unpopular He . If you can’’t talk about    problems , you can’’t fix them . " can’’t ’"I’’m you can’’t talk about   problems Jewish libertarian who’ ’s [ sic ]    grandparents were Holocaust survivors . Over the last few years ,    the mainstream left has resorted to    and character    assassination    instead of debate , any time their positions are    questioned . This atmosphere    extremely oppressive and    threatening to people ,    myself , who disagreed with many of    Obama’ ’s policies over the past several years . Intelligent debate    has become rare . " ’ ’    " It’ ’s a lot like political discussion was in Soviet Union ,    actually . I think the inability to acknowledge obvious truths ,    and the    scope    these restrictions , makes it    particularly frustrating . And    , for whatever reason , I    find inability to have    subtle discussion very frustrating   —      things are not white or black , but you can’’t talk about grays    since the politically correct answer is white . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " He is . " Note : This sentiment came    up a lot .    number of people I spoke to said they didn’’t care    about people else he did and would always    for whichever    candidate was more   . ’ ’    " I like that he puts the interests of    first . American    policy needs to be made from a position of how Americans benefit    from it , as that is the role of government . " ’ ’    " He is . " Note : This sentiment    came up a lot . The most surprising takeaway for me how little it    seemed to be The most surprising takeaway for me by economic concerns , and how much it was    driven by    about    losing our culture , " " safety , "    " community , " and a general   .   mentality . ’ ’    " He will preserve our culture    Preservation of our culture    considered good in most cases . What’ ’s wrong with preserving the    good parts of American culture ? " ’ ’    " He’ ’s not Hillary Clinton . " ’ ’    " I’’m Mexican . I support the wall . The people who have stayed have    destroyed Mexico , and now they want to get out and cause damage    here . We need to protect our borders , but now any We is like    that is called racist . Trump was the first person willing to say    that out loud . " ’ ’    " I am socially very liberal . I am fiscally very conservative . I    don’’t feel I have a party   —    never have . I grew up in a more    socially conservative time and picked the " lesser of two evils "    during elections . Now , the more socially liberal side supports    bigger governments , more aid and support , and that money has to    come from somewhere . I    what’ ’s deducted from my check each    week . I’’m OK with never being rich , but I’’d like more security ,    and that doesn’’t come from more government spending . " ’ ’    " We need borders at every level of our society . " ’ ’ We " I’’m willing to postpone some further I’’m justice progress ,    which doesn’’t really result in loss of life , in favor of less    foreign policy involvement , the opposite of which does . " ’ ’    " Brown people are always the   . I think subconsciously ,    part of the reason I supported him was a way to be    the      for once . " ’ ’     ’ ’    " The way he talks about women is despicable    " ’ ’    " Everything about his style . We only voted    him because this    election was    important to worry about style . " ’ ’    " I don’’t like most things about him . The way it worked    we got    don’’t choose one We two terrible options . " ’ ’    " I think our nation needs Trumpism to survive We and to    me ,    supersedes almost    other reservation I have . My    issue is with Trump himself   —    I think he’ ’s the wrong vessel for    his movement , but he’ ’s he’ we’’ve got , he’ I’’m behind him . " ’ ’    " I think the rollout of the immigration executive order is    emblematic of a      to be completely frank . " ’ ’    " I now believe the Muslim ban actually makes us less safe . " ’ ’    " Isolationism and protectionism at this point is insane . We’’ve    done that before . " ’ ’    " I , too , worry about the dishonesty . His relationship with    Russia , We’’ve    relationship with women . His We’’ve    with    questionable financial We’’ve    . These all worry me , and were they    to continue , I These all lose all respect . " ’ ’    " He continually plays into a character We’’ve    he has created to    rile We’’ve    fan base . Accepting    We’’ve    nationalism , or       emanating unnecessarily creates a vacuum of fear on social    media , on television , and around the dinner table . Even though    the policies may be similar to that of any recent Republican    president , the behavior to act so immaturely sets a bad example    for children and undercuts many cultural norms , which more than    anything causes disruption to our sociological foundations . " ’ ’    " I hate that he discredits the press all the time . That seems to    forebode great evil . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " The thing I’’m most worried about is war and that he could    destroy the whole I’’m . I think I may have underestimated that    risk because he is more    an alpha I’’m that I realized    when I voted for him . Otherwise , I still I’’m him . " Note :    I’’m people weren’’t that worried about war . More frequent    comments War along these lines    ’ ’    " I know he’ ’s taking strong positions on he’ foreign issues ,    but I feel in negotiations    need to do things to move the    needle , and when a    country is watching , it’ ’s hard to keep It’    poker face , but at least his business track record overall It’    us reason to believe ultimately    will prevail . " ’ ’ And : ’ ’    " He’ ’s crazy , but it’ He’ a tactic to It’ other nations not to mess    with us . " ’ ’    " I worry he will drive us apart It’ a nation . us believed him when    he said It’ would stop It’ the campaign , but I haven’’t seen    signs of it so far    " ’       " I am nervous that his mental health is actually It’ . " ’ ’    " I worry he is actually going to It’ back social change we’’ve    fought so hard for . But I hope not . " ’ ’    " You need to give us an opportunity to admit we us have been    wrong us saying we’’re bad people . I am already thinking I    made a mistake , but    feel ostracized from my community . " ’ ’    " The left is more intolerant than the right . " Note : This    concept came up a lot    with real animosity in otherwise pleasant    conversations . ’ ’    " Stop calling us racists . Stop calling us idiots . We aren’’t .    Listen to us when we try to tell us why us aren’’t . Oh , and us    making fun of us . " ’ ’    us I’’d love to see    of the outrage about the    of our    lives out here that us have for Muslims from another country .    You have no idea what our lives are like . " us ’    " I’’m so tired of hearing about white privilege . I’’m white but way    less I’’m than a black person from your world . I have no    hope my life will ever    any better . " ’ ’"I am tired of feeling silenced and demonized .    We have mostly the same goals and different opinions about how to    get there . Maybe I’’m wrong , maybe you’’re I’’m I’’m enough with    calling all of us the devil for wanting to try We . I hate    Hillary Trump think she wants to destroy the country of   Hillary , but I    don’’t demonize We supporters . " ’ ’      Hillary I’’m angry that they’’re so outraged now I’’m were never outraged    over an existing terrible system . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " The attacks against Trump have taught me something about Trump .    I have defended him and said    I really didn’’t    or    support because I was put in a defensive position . Protesters may    have pushed many people in this    , BUT it is ultimately    our responsibility and must stop . " ’ ’    " I’’d like to also add that I’’d demonization of Trump by calling    him and Trump supporters Nazis , Trump , Trump supremacists , fascists ,    etc . works very well in entrenching Trump supporters on his    side Trump These attacks Trump    and , in The attacks against Trump , very    helpful to Trump . " ’ ’    Trump So far , his election has driven our nation this   election So ’ ’   " , our nation    most of the divisiveness coming from the left .    on them . I    don’’t see it quite as bad as during Nixon’ ’s era , but we are truly    headed in that direction . I could not speak with my parents    during that time because political division would intrude . This    Thanksgiving and holiday season were as close as I’’ve felt to    that in 40 years . We are increasingly polarized    It doesn’’t seem    to be strictly generational , though that exists .    is an East      Coast , rural vs. urban , racial , and gender division    forming now . It has the potential to be devastating . " ’ an East     Coast, rural vs. urban, racial, and gender division   forming now    " The amount of violent attacks and economic attacks perpetrated    by the left are troublesome . My wife and I recently the left the    Bay Area . I was expecting a place which was a welcoming    meritocracy of ideas . Instead , I found a place where everyone    constantly watches everyone else for any thoughtcrime . " ’ ’    " Silicon Valley is incredibly unwelcoming to alternative points    of view . Your curiosity , if it is sincere , is the very rare    exception to the rule . " ’ ’    " There is something hypocritical about the left saying they are    uniters , not dividers , they are inclusive , and then excluding    half the population they comments on intelligence and irrelevance    in the modern world . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " War would be unforgivable . " ’ ’    " If the Russia thing were true , I’’d turn against him . Why don’’t    I’’d focus on I’’d instead of his tweets ? " ’ ’    " Give us a y’’all option , and we’’ll be happy . But it needs to be    a moderate   —    Sanders won’’t win . " ’ ’    " I’’ll happily vote for someone else . There’ ’s a lot I hate about    Trump . But our lives are Trump destroyed , and he was the    us person Trump talk about fixing that . " ’ ’    " Generally hard to say . Extreme corruption would do it . " ’ ’Second person in the same conversation : Extreme corruption I don’’t care if    he’ ’s corrupt . Y’’all voted for Hillary , and she was the most    y’’all   Hillary of all   Hillary . " ’ ’    " Another worry is an escalation of overreaches between him and    the left that culminates in the breakdown of our system of law .    I’’d hold him responsible for that . " I’’d ’    " If    were to get the US involved in a major military    .    ( I think the odds of this have actually decreased versus Hillary ,    but I’’m willing to be proven   Hillary ) . If    were to substantially    increase the cost of doing business    by increasing regulation or    taxes , for instance ) . " ’ ’    " I’’m socially very liberal . If he were to I’’m something like    restart a war on    , try to restrict rights of LGBT , or make      abortions difficult or dangerous , I’’d rethink my    position . I think I’’d type of things are extremely unlikely ,    though , especially with an election a few years away    the country    as a whole becoming more socially liberal . " ’ ’    " I think if 2008 happened again ( further into Trump’ ’s tenure , so    that causation can be shown , hypothetically ) the base would    evaporate . " ’ ’    " Based on Trump’ ’s history before politics I don’’t believe he is    Trump’’s sexist , homophobic , or bigoted . don’’t that were true , it    would supersede everything else , since it would be even that were true for    individual liberty and freedom than any       restrictions or increases in    size proposed by the    Democratic Party . " ’ " Sam Altman is the president of Y Combinator , Silicon Valley ’s    largest startup accelerator . This post originally appeared on his    . " ’Sam Altman runs a prestigious Silicon Valley . Sam Altman ’ ’’ ’’ Sam Altman Silicon Valley 