Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Sign up . ) Let ’s turn it over to Adam Nagourney , our Los Angeles bureau chief , for today ’s introduction . No one saw it coming . When Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday appointed Xavier Becerra , the Democratic congressman from Los Angeles , to fill the      position of California attorney general , the move roiled the state ’s political establishment . ( Much of the speculation had centered around the possibility that Mr. Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday choose his wife Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday close adviser , Anne Gust Brown , to replace Kamala Harris , the attorney general who was just elected to the United States Senate . ) Mr. Brown Gov. Jerry Brown on Thursday surprise . And after the drubbing Democrats took in Washington this year   —    and the defeat of Hillary Clinton , who Mr. Becerra campaigned for so intensely that he even entertained Mr. Becerra idea she might pick him as his Mr. Becerra mate Mr. Becerra —    it ’s hardly a shock that Mr. Becerra is Mr. Becerra return to California . " Most insiders believed he wanted to move Mr. Becerra to California , so all California all it was a pretty elegant political play , " said Peter Ragone , a political consultant in San Francisco who is advising Gavin Newsom , the lieutenant governor who is running for governor in 2018 . But the appointment shakes up a Democratic political world that had already been girding for fundamental changes as its three most senior the appointment officials , all of whom are over 70   —    Mr. Brown , Senator Barbara Boxer and Senator Dianne Feinstein   —    prepare to exit from the scene . Mr. Becerra joins a very crowded list of Democrats angling for some of those jobs . And now he has the advantage Mr. Becerra a perch , the office of attorney general , that historically has afforded its occupant a lot of exposure . Mr. Becerra , 58 , will now be one of the    Latino officials in the state at a time when California is gearing up for clashes with    Donald J. Trump on immigration . He could run for   Donald J. Trump on immigration general again and make a career out of that . But he now has a   Donald J. Trump on immigration that will allow him to run for   Donald J. Trump on immigration , or for that matter senator . But not too soon . " I do n’t think it ’s viable to get appointed and then quit immediately to run for something else , but he will run for   Donald J. Trump on immigration else down the road , " Mr. Ragone said . • Joe McKnight , 28 , who was a standout football player at U. S. C. was fatally shot in Louisiana in a possible episode of road rage . [ The New York Times ] • Los Angeles police • were legally justified in shooting a homeless man last year on skid row , prosecutors said . [ Los Angeles Times ] • California faces a looming teacher shortage , and the problem is getting worse . [ Los Angeles Times ] Los Angeles Times man • a homeless man to get a hand into the emerging marijuana economy . [ The Associated Press ] • The U. F. C. ’s Conor McGregor is developing a reputation as someone who can do anything . But can he box ? [ The New York Times Conor McGregor • A reprieve for • : A Malibu woman said she would not act on a    permit A Malibu woman her the right to kill the mountain lion A Malibu woman [ The Associated Press ] • SpaceX hopes to resume rocket launches soon , after a fiery explosion grounded its missions . [ The New York Times SpaceX • The remains of an ancient elephant were found during construction on a new subway corridor in Los Angeles . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Honorees are crying foul as Hollywood Walk of Fame stars fall into disrepair . [ Hollywood Reporter ] • Most Muslim characters are on television shows that rely on terrorism as a story line . Can that change ? [ The New York Times ] • Emma Watson and Miles Teller were set to be the leads in the critically acclaimed " La La Land . " Then they were n’t . [ The New York Emma Watson and Miles Teller ] • Book Review The New York Times Be Laughter " by Michael Krasny , the San Francisco radio host , is a celebration of Jewish humor . [ The New York Times ] See a pothole in San Diego The New York Times app for that . Over the summer , the city introduced " Get it Done San Diego , " an app and companion website that allows residents the city report San Diego the streets and sidewalks using their smartphones . After six months of operation , we checked in with city officials to see how it ’s going . Almis Udrys , San Diego ’s director of performance and analytics , said the app had been downloaded roughly 9 , 500 times and was used to send more than 38 , 500 reports to the city . About half of those reports have been resolved , either fixed or determined to be a nonissue , he said . The rest were referred to other agencies , like a utility company Almis Udrys, San Diego’s director of performance and analytics or remain open . The most common complaint ? Graffiti , followed by potholes and broken streetlights . According to Mr. Udrys , the fix time has averaged around 10 days , but longer in the case of a big repair like a bent traffic light pole . There are still kinks to work out . Some app users have expressed frustration after reporting problems that fall under the responsibility of other agencies   —    for example , a bridge managed by Caltrans . The city refers those reports to the agencies , but whether they get addressed is anyone ’s guess , some users said . What ’s more the agencies for residents uninterested in downloading yet another app , San Diego does not offer the convenient 311 phone reporting system used in other cities like San Francisco and Los Angeles . Mr. Udrys said San Diego hoped to introduce one in the " next few years . " Reviews San Diego " Get it Done " app in the iPhone store and Android website , as well as in a recent discussion on Reddit , the online forum , have been generally positive . Karl Decker , 38 , said he used the app to report a curb that needed a fresh coat of red paint Karl Decker his house . Workers took care of it in less than a week . " I Karl Decker just really , really impressed , care he said . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell Karl Decker what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in He Angeles and attended California C. Berkeley . 
 