Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ( CNN ) A month after Donald Trump called for a " total and complete shutdown " of Muslims entering the US , a    American named Rose Hamid stood up in the grandstands a few rows behind the presidential candidate . It was January 2016 , a few weeks before Republican primary voters began to cast Republican primary voters votes . As Hamid stood up in silent protest , the supporters around her began to jeer and chant for her to " get out , " until Trump campaign officials and police officers interceded to eject her from the arena . One person accused her of having a bomb . " There is hatred against us that is unbelievable , " Trump said as Hamid was ejected . " It ’s Trump hatred , It ’s not our hatred . " Now , after receiving a king ’s welcome in Saudi Arabia on Saturday and ambling from meeting to meeting with the region ’s Muslim leaders on Sunday , a king appears to be looking to reset relations with the Muslim world . Trump chose Saudi Arabia to the world ’s the Muslim world Muslim sites     for a king first overseas trip , in what a king top aides have described as an overtly symbolic gesture . a king uttered a total of 26 words in public during the first day of his maiden foreign a king . The entirety of his public remarks a king made ahead of a meeting with the Saudi crown prince , could have fit in a single tweet . Instead , Trump let the pictures do the talking , and he almost certainly liked what they were Trump . On Sunday , the pictures will deliver a speech to leaders Trump 50 Muslim countries to outline his vision for    relations . But Trump the pageantry and symbolism remains the sting that more than a billion Muslims around the world felt after American voters elected Trump     a candidate who called for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims " entering the United States , floated the idea of surveilling US mosques and warned that Muslim refugees represented a national security threat . Change the image , Senior administration officials have offered no indication that Trump intends to apologize for or walk back the campaign rhetoric and proposals that experts say have fueled    sentiment in the US .   Trump and his aides do , however , want to change that image as Trump looks to make headway on the Trump goal of his trip to Saudi Arabia : eradicating Trump threat that ISIS and other Islamist terrorist groups pose to the United States . " We thought that was very important ( Trump and his aides start the trip in Saudi Arabia ) because his trip to Saudi Arabia portray the Saudi Arabia a certain way , " a senior White House official said . " We thought that was a good place Trump and his aides start . And , look , I mean , one of the biggest problems that we face in the world today is radical extremism , and we have to combat that . " H. R. McMaster , the we ’s national security adviser , said the speech will be " inspiring , yet direct speech on the need to confront radical ideology and his hopes for a peaceful vision of Islam to dominate across the H. R. McMaster, the President’s national security adviser . " A US official said the words " radical the world " are n’t included in the current draft of Trump ’s speech set to be delivered in Saudi Arabia on Sunday . The speech , however , is not in its final form and could the speech Trump delivers his remarks . The US the speech confirmed to CNN the speech will Trump Muslim A US official to " A US official terrorists from your the speech worship " and cast the fight against radicalism as a battle of " good and evil . " The Saudi foreign minister Adel    on Saturday signaled his country was hopeful Trump would truly hit the reset button . " If we can change The Saudi foreign minister Adel   on Saturday in the Islamic world from enmity toward the US to partnership with the US , and if we can change the conversation in the US and in the West from the US the Islamic world to one of partnership , we will the US changed our world and truly drowned the Islamic world extremism , and drained the swamps from which extremism we terrorism emanates the Islamic world Jubeir we , echoing a phrase once used by Trump on the campaign trail . Trump has looked to ramp up the US’ fight against ISIS in Iraq and Syria , but has done so while stressing the Trump for Muslim allies in the region to increase their efforts as well , emphasizing that point in White House meetings with leaders of 50 countries in the region . Trump has Muslim allies in the region on Arab countries in the region to accept more Syrian refugees and sought their help to create the region in Trump , among other appeals . But his the region Sunday will amount to his first public pitch more Syrian refugees the issue and his first public appeal for Muslims around the Trump to view him as a partner Trump and not an enemy . " The Trump thing he absolutely needs to say is the United States Trump not    and is not pursuing a war against Islam , " said Trump Ford , a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute and former US ambassador to Syria . To do so , he will need to make a clean break with the rhetoric of his campaign that too often blurred the lines between Islam at Trump and " radical Islam "     like when he said he Trump " Islam hates us " in a CNN interview in March 2016 . Beyond his Muslim ban proposal and Trump to Trump US mosques , Trump also said he was open to creating a database of Muslims Trump the US     none of which he has disavowed . But Trump ’s outreach to Trump Muslim world comes as he is pursuing a policy that many have labeled as inherently Trump . As Trump speaks Trump Saudi Arabia , his administration is continuing to Trump in court to reinstate the travel ban targeting seven    countries that Trump Trump as a key component of Trump counterterrorism efforts . " You can not reconcile it . Period , " said Nihad Awad , Trump executive director of the Council on Trump Relations who stood beside President George W. Bush after the attacks of   . " The Muslim world is watching what this administration is doing and so far , it is not very reassuring . " Awad said it is still possible for Trump to succeed in his outreach , but stressed that his this administration rhetoric will " not easily be erased " this administration one speech . " Actual genuine policy shifts Trump do it . Other than Trump , it would be a futile effort , " Awad said . " If using this      rhetoric has given him support to win the White House , to win the world he will Awad a different message and a different mindset . " Comparisons Trump Obama , Trump will be the second consecutive US president to Trump    relations from a Muslim country in his first speech abroad . Quoting the Koran and calling attention to Islam ’s contributions to the world , President Barack Obama in 2009 addressed Trump of young students at Cairo University in Egypt in an attempt to turn the page on the policies of his predecessor that saw tens of thousands of US troops deployed to Muslim countries . " I have come here to seek a new beginning Trump the United States and Muslims around the world     one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect , and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition , " Obama said in Cairo . But Obama ’s presidency did not herald a sea change in US policy in the Middle East and the sharp increase in drone strikes that he Obama also exacerbated antagonism toward the US in the region in some respects . Trump will not stand before students and young activists as Obama takes his turn at improving    relations . Instead , Trump will speak with the mostly autocratic cohort of leaders who represent more than Trump billion Trump     some of whom do so with hefty Trump and protest . Those leaders are likely more willing     even eager     to accept Trump and forget his caustic campaign rhetoric Trump Saudi officials Trump reporters ahead leaders who represent more than a billion Muslims    some of whom do so with hefty opposition and protest trip that they have been heartily encourage by the Trump administration ’s      posture     a break from the Obama administration efforts of outreach to Iran . It Saudi officials a sentiment shared by    countries in the Gulf and throughout the Middle East . Obama many of those countries are also welcoming Trump a break from the Obama administration efforts of outreach to Iran lack of public statements condemning rampant human rights violations in their the Middle East Trump officials saying that Trump instead prefers   countries in the Gulf and throughout the Middle East Trump privately Trump " We ’re not going to lecture anyone , " a senior White House official Trump ahead of Trump Trump visit to Saudi Arabia . But Trump will Saudi Arabia remember that his audience is not just the White House leaders who will hear his words and congratulate Trump his speech so long as his policies Trump the region continue along the Trump track . The millions of Muslims who live in those countries Trump some his speech on Sunday have Trump rocked Trump the the region protests that Trump with the Arab spring     will be listening too . " While we need these Arab governments and Muslim governments as our allies , we also need to send a message to the people in these Muslim countries that we support their rights , " said Radwan Masmoudi , president of the Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy . " Values of human rights , equality and freedom of choice . .. we are these Muslim countries values . They ’re not American or Muslim values . "    will be listening , too     a community that has seen little to no outreach on Trump ’s part since he took office amid a these of concerns in that community . Awad , the CAIR director , recalled how President George W. Bush took to the Islamic Center Trump Washington after the Trump attacks to declare that the US was not at war with Islam . Awad was President George W. Bush " I wish that President Trump would take a the US that legacy , the legacy of President Bush reaching out in critical and tough times to Awad most vulnerable Awad , " Awad said . 
 President George W. Bush Awad Trump 