  ( CNN ) They chanted    Trump slogans . They flooded city streets . They gathered near the White House , disheartened and dismayed . " Not my President , not today , " many across the nation yelled . In cities from Boston to Los Angeles , thousands of demonstrators gathered Wednesday night in protest of election results that mean the billionaire real estate developer will be the next president .   As many as 5 , 000 people were at a protest in New York , police estimated . Among the issues being yelled about outside Trump Tower were immigration and other controversial topics from the campaign . " I came out here to let go of a lot of fear that was sparked as soon as I saw the results , " protester Nick Powers said . protester Nick Powers said protester Nick Powers feared Trump will support stronger     policies that would put many people in prison . protester Nick Powers was worried that Trump victory would embolden sexist views .   Many of the protests were in cities with large Democratic bases     in Atlanta Austin , Texas Boston Chicago Denver Philadelphia Portland , Oregon San Francisco , Seattle and Washington .   In Chicago , people walked down a normally busy Lake Shore Drive carrying signs . Many headed to Upper Wacker Drive , where a crowd was growing near the Trump Tower . CNN ’s Ryan Young estimated the throng at a few thousand people covering the street for half a mile . Many were using a vulgar chant aimed at the   .   One college student showed CNN CNN sign that said , " I still ca n’t believe I have to protest for civil rights . " " It ’s been really frustrating , because as a nation we thought we we come so far but it seems like we we taking many steps back , " another woman said , " so we we to come together to change that and make sure we we going forward . " In Portland , marchers chanted " No Trump , no KKK , no fascist USA " as they trekked through downtown . Protesters in D. C. who headed to the Trump International Hotel , shouted the same slogan . After an earlier solemn gathering at the White House a few dozen young people remained , their a few dozen young people profane . Hundred of mostly young Latino protesters marched on Los Angeles City Hall Wednesday night . As the protest grew throughout the Wednesday night protesters set on fire a piñata depicting the head of   . They chanted protesters I will not live in fear , " " Fight back , stand up " and " ¡ Si se puede ! " ( Spanish for " It can be done " ) . Several protesters said they feared Several protesters family or friends might be deported once Donald Trump is sworn into office . In Austin , protesters blocked a highway Wednesday afternoon .   Students burned a flag on the campus of American University in Washington , and they walked Students of class in high schools and colleges across the country the day after the Presidential election .   In downtown Los Angeles , high school students crowded the steps of City Hall on Wednesday afternoon .   Protester Brooklyn White was holding a sign that said " Hate wo n’t win . "   The     Protester Brooklyn White Hillary Clinton and was disappointed .    " We ca n’t let it stop us . If We ’s the President then fine , but if   Donald Trump is gon na be it then he has to Donald Trump , " she said . Hillary Clinton At Berkeley High School in California , about 1 , 500 students walked out of classes Wednesday morning . In Des Moines , Iowa it was hundred of high school students who left class to protest of election results .   In Phoenix , about 200 students from Carl Hayden High School marched to the state Capitol in protest .    Earlier Wednesday , trash fires burned on an Oakland , California , highway as an illuminated sign in the nation ’s capital proclaimed that the United States was " better than bigotry . " The Oakland Police Department said as many as 6 , 000 demonstrators had marched in the streets by Wednesday night . " People are furious not just at the results of the election , but the rhetoric of Donald Trump , " Ahmed Kanna , an organizer for Social Alternative Berkeley , told CNN ’s Don Lemon . White House candlelight vigil , A candlelight vigil for Clinton supporters in front of the White House on Wednesday evening drew those who wanted to mourn their election loss . The peaceful crowd called out " you are not alone " to over 2 , 600 people watching the gathering on Facebook , organizers said .    Maybelline McCoy , an immigrant from Panama , came to the vigil with her three children       " My    fear is that they will be My biggest fear , that they will see My biggest fear being silenced and invalidated and that I wo n’t be able to shield them , " people said .    Protests after the vote count , In the wee hours of Wednesday morning after the votes were counted , one member of the crowd near the White House held an    American flag , alongside the LGBT rainbow flag , in silent protest . Brian Barto , a protester who had remained at the White House the White House , told CNN affiliate    in Washington that he was " destroyed , honestly distraught . "   " Everything that has been built up has been destroyed . . .. America has failed ( minorities ) . " Latasha Wilson said she was scared about the Latasha Wilson four years . " He does n’t respect women Latasha Wilson Black Lives Matter , Latinos . He ’s a racist . Latasha Wilson .. There are multiple things that add up , " she said of the   Latasha Wilson Supporters celebrate , Others went to the White House late Tuesday and early Wednesday to show their support for Trump . Supporters Nicholas Elliot , a student at Washington ’s Georgetown University , said he was elated about Trump Nicholas Elliot, a student at Washington’s Georgetown University election .   Trump feel pretty good , a year and a half process has ended and it ended my way , " Trump’s election Texan told WJLA . He said he thought it was the Texan definitely the Texan responsibility of both parties " to unite the country .   Referencing the United Kingdom ’s Brexit vote to leave the European Union , which " translated strongly here , " he said he had no fear the Texan candidate the Texan lose .   the Texan There is a hidden vote , " he said , contending people did the Texan voice their true voting intentions to pollsters people case they were perceived as sexist , people or homophobic .   In New York on Wednesday morning , groups of Trump supporters cheered his victory outside Trump Tower . Trump Pop star Lady Gaga , a vocal Hillary Clinton supporter who had performed at the Democratic candidate ’s final rally in North Carolina , stood atop a sanitation truck outside Trump Tower in New York , brandishing a sign New York : " Love trumps hate . "   Images and footage shared on social media showed dumpster fires on what was described as a stretch of Broadway , from 14th to 20th streets in the city .   At the University of Louisville in Kentucky , the base of a    bronze cast of Rodin ’s " The Thinker " was    with the message : Trump # BuildThatWall . " 
 