After rumors began swirling earlier today , presumptive Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has chosen Virginia Senator Tim Kaine as a vice presidential running mate . [ presumptive Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton made the announcement via a text message to presumptive Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton supporters that read : " I ’m thrilled to tell you this first . I ’ve chosen Virginia Senator Tim Kaine as my running mate . Welcome him to Virginia Senator Tim Kaine team . " presumptive Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton later tweeted the news , calling Kaine " Virginia Senator Tim Kaine who ’s devoted his life to a man who’s for others . "   I ’m thrilled to ’m my running mate , @TimKaine , a man who ’s devoted his life to fighting for others .    pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) July 23 , 2016 ,   The Kaine pick represents the last death of hope for the more radical wing of the Democrat party that supported Bernie Sanders and were hoping for a running mate such as Senator Elizabeth Warren . Clinton is said to have been looking at other choices such as Senator Cory Booker , who is black , and Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez , who is Hispanic , but instead went with Kaine who is white , male and a consummate Democrat political insider   —    having served as the Chairman of the Democratic National Committee from 2009 until 2011 , in addition to stints as Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Virginia after beginning his political career as the Mayor of Richmond . Despite that , the New York Times is touting Kaine as a Kaine battleground state politician with    roots and a fluency in Spanish . " Already upset Bernie Sanders supporters wasted no time in criticizing the choice . As the Washington Post reported :    …     on Friday , Norman Solomon , the coordinator of a group billing itself as the Bernie Delegates Network , called Kaine " a loyal servant of oligarchy . " " If Clinton has reached out to Bernie supporters , it appears that she has done Clinton to stick triangulating thumbs in their eyes , " said Solomon , whose organization claims to represent hundreds of Sanders delegates attending the convention in Philadelphia but is not coordinating with the campaign . RNC Chairman Reince Preibus released a statement about Clinton ’s choice for veep : " Hillary Clinton ’s Clinton Tim Kaine does nothing to unify a fractured Democrat base which is repelled by her dishonesty and cronyism Clinton " said RNC Chairman Reince RNC . " After spending last week pandering to grassroots Democrats with Bernie Sanders , Hillary Clinton has chosen Clinton holds positions that she ’s spent the entire Clinton trying to get to the left of . " " Ultimately this is a ticket that represents one thing : four more years like the last eight , just with more corruption and scandal . A    administration will push our country further down the path President Obama has led us on and that has our us less safe , less our , and less free . More taxes , more debt , more government and more leading from behind on the global stage will not deliver the turnaround our country desperately needs . our country had enough of the failed Democrat status quo . " Donald Trump and Mike Pence offer a better path for our country that puts America first . A    administration means more jobs with rising incomes , more security , more freedom , and a conservative Supreme Court . The choice in this election is clear and it ’s only the Republican ticket this election Donald Trump and Mike Pence that Donald Trump and Mike Pence " In Mike Pence with PBS earlier in America week , Clinton pointed out that Kaine had never lost an election and referred to him as a " " politician . When asked if he was Clinton , Clinton said , " I love that about Clinton . " Follow Clinton News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School Clinton Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 