JANESVILLE , WI   —    Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan opted to join in on Hillary Clinton ’s latest attack against Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan party ’s nominee . [ In recent days , the establishment media has devoted a great deal of coverage to Khizr Khan , a Muslim father whose son died serving in Iraq and who spoke at the Democratic National Convention . During Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan DNC speech , Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan attacked Donald Trump for wanting to curb the    rate of Muslim immigration into the U. S.   Following the establishment media ’s practically     coverage of Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan attacks against Trump , Donald Trump Paul Ryan decided to join in on the pile on . Ryan issued Speaker Paul Ryan statement on Sunday in which he , Speaker Paul Ryan again , disavowed the use of a religious test for admitting foreign migrants . Ryan wrote Speaker Paul Ryan " As I have said on numerous occasions , a religious test for entering our country is not reflective of these fundamental values . I reject it . a religious test for entering our country Muslim Americans have served valiantly in our military Many Muslim Americans made the ultimate sacrifice . Captain Khan was one such brave example . His sacrifice Captain Khan —    and that of Khizr and Ghazala Khan   —    should always be honored . Period . " In his statement Ryan Ryan did not mention that Trump has recently made clear that his plan Ryan curb Islamic migration will focus on geography and regions . Nor did Ryan mention Ryan   —    as many , including Jeff Sessions and Andrew McCarthy , have pointed out   —    religious screening is , in fact , constitutional . Ryan ’s Ryan to comment on Khan ’s statement is interesting as Ryan issued Ryan similar statement condemning Hillary Clinton after grieving parents whose children were murdered by illegal aliens spoke at the Republican National Convention and explained how    policies were directly responsible for their children    deaths . Both the Democratic and Republican national conventions featured grieving parents who linked their suffering the Democratic and Republican national conventions the policies of their opponents the Democratic and Republican national conventions For instance , the RNC featured a mother whose son was killed in Benghazi , as well as parents whose children were killed by illegal aliens that were allowed to remain in the country because of    immigration policies . Similarly , the Democratic National Convention , despite taking place in the wake of the recent attacks against police officers , featured parents of individuals killed in confrontations with police   —    including the mother of Michael Brown , a man who held up a convenient store , assaulted the store clerk , and allegedly attacked a police officer in an attempt to confiscate his firearm a police officer In fact , it was that event   —    or rather the portrayal of the event by the left   —    that spawned the Black Lives Matter movement , which provided the intellectual foundation for recent attacks on police officers . The DNC also featured the appearance of the Khan family , whose son died in 2004 in Iraq , even though Trump ’s policies had no connection whatsoever with their son Trump’s policies death . In fact , Hillary Clinton voted for the war in which their son their son’s whereas Trump opposed Trump’s . Yet , while the media whipped itself into a the media over the Khan family ’s testimony , the media completely the media —    and even cut away from   —    the speeches of the victims whose children ’s deaths were the exclusive result of policies supported by Obama and Clinton . In fact , the media even went the media as to rebuke Republicans for giving a venue to the mother of a Benghazi victim to speak   —    condemning her speech as inappropriate and " wrong . " The crux of the Khan family ’s argument appears to be that because Trump ’s interpretation of the constitution differs from their own , that Trump the Khan family’s somehow dishonored the Trump of their son ’s death . the Khan family’s some may find this to be a rather circuitous argument , it has been embraced by this establishment media . The argument from the Khan family and their media boosters seems to be that because their son died in Iraq their also happened to be Muslim , that the U. S. is morally obligated to admit an unlimited number of Muslim immigrants in the future with no examination or scrutiny paid to their religious beliefs   —    Muslim immigrants though it is precisely this lax policy that allowed 3 , 000 Americans to die on    and many more to die in subsequent attacks . Interestingly , as Gateway Pundit has pointed out , the number of Muslim soldiers who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan is the same number of those who have been killed by Muslim soldiers in America   —    Nidal Hasan and Hasan K. Akbar collectively killed 14 American soldiers on U. S. soil . This means that , if you include attacks on military recruiting bases , the number of American soldiers killed on U. S. soil by Muslims is U. S. the number of Muslim soldiers killed on foreign soil wearing America ’s uniform in Iraq and Afghanistan . While Donald Trump called Khan a hero , Trump explained that at the same time Donald Trump nation must fix its immigration policy . The notion put the nation by the media that a less restrictive immigration policy would somehow damper America ’s armed services is not supported America’s . Indeed , if Muslim immigration were an essential feature of U. S. military recruiting , in just the last 14 years alone , the U. S. has resettled a domestic pool close to the size of 1 . 7 million . However , none of this stopped Paul Ryan from piling on in support of the Clintons ’s    narrative . And Ryan put out no statement whatsoever following the Paul Ryan of the American victims whose children were killed by open borders . In fact , when several mothers , whose children died as a result of the open borders immigration policies , came to Ryan ’s guarded estate to share their stories Paul Ryan try to give Ryan a Ryan’s guarded estate , Ryan fled from the mothers Paul Ryan Ryan ’s security Paul Ryan similarly rejected the grieving mothers Paul Ryan they asked if his security the mothers the letter on the mothers Paul Ryan behalf . Ryan ’s refusal to acknowledge Paul Ryan parents , or Paul Ryan a statement in support following their testimony at the RNC , appears to be contributing to the these grieving parents ’s narrative , in which an American death is only considered newsworthy to the extent that it supports a    narrative about either the unique benefits of diversity an American death the hardships imposed by institutional racism . Many have pointed out that Ryan ’s recent statements seem designed to undermine Trump and the Republican Party ’s chances of electoral success in 2016 . Indeed , several reports have documented that Ryan would likely accomplish more of his legislative goals on foreign trade Ryan foreign migration , and foreign Ryan if Hillary Clinton were in the White House than if Donald Trump were president . As Breitbart News has previously reported , Trump and the Republican Party pillars of Ryanism are very similar to the pillars of Clinton ’s agenda . The    agenda on crime , trade , and Hillary Clinton also aligns with the views of the Koch brotherss . Ryan will face Wisconsin voters at the polls on August 9th . Should Ryan win his    and Trump lose , it is likely that   Ryan    Ryan Tim Kaine has predicted   —    amnesty will be enacted within the first 100 days , the TPP will be implemented , and criminal sentencing laws will be reduced , potentially resulting in an increase in the amount of violent crime and recidivism in U. S. communities . All of these policies are supported by Paul Ryan , the Koch brothers , and the globalist special interests who fund both the Clinton campaign and Ryan . Thus far , Speaker Paul Ryan has massively outspent his Republican primary opponent , Paul Nehlen Ryan Ryan Nehlen has received virtually Ryan support from Washington conservatives . Indeed , some professional conservatives , Paul Nehlen as Mark Levin , have appeared to be sidetracked , devoting their time and energy to criticizing Donald Trump ’s trade policies . Nehlen could deliver a some professional conservatives, such as Mark Levin performance on August 9th because the election is an open primary Paul Nehlen However , the August 9th has given Nehlen substantially less coverage than Dave Brat received . Nehlen is also running in a district where Paul Nehlen residents are far removed Dave Brat effects of Paul Nehlen ’s Speaker Paul Ryan policies . In other words , while Paul Ryan frequently Ryan returning home to Janesville to recharge his batteries , Janesville   —    Ryan a picture of Norman Rockwell ’s America   —    Ryan has America resemblance Janesville the rest of the country that is living under the immigration and refugee policies championed by Speaker Ryan . Yet inevitably , if Ryan is able to continue enacting his policies of mass immigration , Ryan eventually have the same Ryan effects on his own community . 
 Ryan mass immigration 