  ( CNN ) If   President Donald Trump ’s administration thinks that Mike Flynn ’s departure from Mike Flynn post as national security adviser will bring an end to the scandal that ended Mike Flynn’s tenure , it is about find out that just the opposite is true . This crisis is not over This crisis ’s only beginning .     Trump and his close White House circle wanted Mike Flynn to fall on his sword , taking the blame for inappropriate and possibly illegal telephone conversations his held with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the transition period . In those calls , Mike Flynn reportedly reassured Moscow that sanctions imposed by President Barack Obama over Russia ’s hacking of the US election would be lifted by the incoming administration .   When news of the phone calls became public , and as recently as a week ago Wednesday , Mike Flynn vehemently denied Mike Flynn had discussed sanctions     and the denials were repeated by press secretary Sean Spicer and by Vice President Mike Pence . We now know that version of events was false . That brings to mind one of America ’s most poignant political history lessons : The cover up is worse than the crime , a legacy from the Watergate scandal that brought down a president . In this case , however , even if there had been no cover up of what transpired during those calls , there are reasons for concern .   The official line is that Flynn " misled " the vice president and other administration officials . But that , remember , comes from an administration fond of " alternative facts . " We do n’t know if the denials were due to Flynn giving " incomplete information , " as Flynn described it , to Flynn colleagues , or were simply talking points created by White House political operatives . The larger more important suggestion tacitly embedded in the administration ’s new version of events is that Flynn was a rogue national security adviser , who was freelancing when Flynn contacted an official from a hostile foreign government , rather than a team player implementing approved policy . According to their preferred version , Flynn departure severs the rotten limb , solving the problem . But the fact is that the only reason Flynn Flynn calls made headlines is because they involved Flynn’s phone calls . And when it comes to Russia and Russia Trump administration ,   Americans are deeply suspicious , and justified in their doubts Americans Since early in his presidential campaign , Trump ’s pronouncements regarding Russia were Russia eyebrows , as he suggested his sanctions and radically transforming policies that had strong bipartisan support . When Trump brought Trump’s his campaign Trump’s Manafort , a man with close and controversial ties to powerful interests in Russia , Russia heightened Trump’s about links to that country Russia when the campaign pressured his campaign Paul Manafort, a man with close and controversial ties to powerful interests in Russia party to scrub its platform of criticism the Republican party the Kremlin and support for Ukraine , those concerns appeared to concerns about links to that country out .    When Democratic Party emails were hacked and private security firms concluded Russian hackers were responsible , the    statements from Trump seemed particularly awkward . Trump further stunned   the Trump with his public Ukraine Russia to Trump his rival ’s emails .   Trump , US intelligence agencies concluded that Russia had interfered in the US Russia seeking to help Trump win the presidency . Not Trump after that , news emerged of a secret dossier compiled by a former British intelligence officer , claiming that Trump surrogates and Russian officials had Trump together to help the Trump campaign . The charges     Trump still uncorroborated     added to the questions surrounding the Trump team and Russia . That Trump why the Flynn phone calls resonated . If Flynn had conducted legally problematic telephone Flynn with the ambassador of just about any other country on Earth , the matter would probably have died . But promises of lifting sanctions against Russia touched a very sensitive nerve Russia Flynn ’s departure after just three Flynn in office is a dramatic political blow to the administration , but it will do nothing to make the administration issue disappear .   To the contrary , it adds urgency to the matter the issue After all , the matter no proof that the phone calls were an independent , unauthorized activity , and talk of lifting sanctions     the subject of the conversations     fits neatly with Trump ’s controversial pronouncements on the campaign trail . On its face , it also jibes with Trump’s rest of Trump’s sordid Russian interference in the election . This is not to say that Flynn ’s departure is a meaningless development . The loss of a top aide during the first month of the new presidency is a     stain on the administration . And when that official is the controversial Mike Flynn , the move is hardly inconsequential . Trump critics can rightly rejoice in knowing that Flynn will no longer sit near the Flynn Office . Flynn has a track record that includes Flynn only questionable dealings with Russia , but also a troubling inability to distinguish between Islamic radicals and everyday Muslims . Most disturbing of all , in my view , has been Flynn ’s appetite for bizarre conspiracy theories Flynn the top national security adviser to the US President believes outlandish internet rumors enough to personally disseminate them over social media , it is no exaggeration to say it puts the world at risk . That particular risk , thankfully , is now risk at least lessened . Flynn ’s odd relationship with reality was on Flynn until the last moment , when he tendered his resignation saying he was honored Flynn have Flynn , " Flynn such a distinguished way . " It was an oddly Trumpian ,    characterization of a    stint that ended in disaster . It was hardly helpful to Flynn or to the Trump administration that members Flynn the Russian parliament mounted a fierce defense of the fallen adviser . In both chambers of the Russian parliament , the heads of the foreign affairs the Russian parliament , decrying what they view as paranoia Flynn Russia spreading in the United States . the heads of the foreign affairs committees For both Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin , the continuing storm surrounding their relationship means Russian are unlikely to be lifted any time soon both Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin If Trump removed the sanctions in this environment it would amount to pulling Trump pin on a political grenade . Trump removed the sanctions in this environment There is , of course , a way to ease the paranoia . But that will require putting the    relationship under the microscope . Something Trump perhaps would rather avoid . Flynn ’s fall does nothing to ease Trump ’s    political crisis . It is just one more marker Trump a road leading the Trump presidency to an uncertain destination . 
 Trump 