Hillary Clinton ’s " gender card " politics is rubbing feminist Camille Paglia the wrong way . [ In an interview with The Spectator , feminist Camille Paglia tells journalist Emily Hill that Clinton ’s claim that Clinton election to the presidency would break the final pane of the glass ceiling is balderdash :   It ’s an outrage how Clinton ’s played the gender card . Clinton is a woman without accomplishment . " I sponsored or    400 bills . " Oh really ? These were bills to rename bridges and so forth . And the things Clinton has accomplished have been like the destabilization of North Africa , causing refugees to flood into Italy   …      Clinton is a disaster ! Having already voted once for Jill Stein of the Green Party , the     professor of humanities at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia asserts she Clinton already voted for a woman for president , so it ’s no big deal . Paglia ’s view of feminism is light years away from the likes of Clinton and Madeleine Albright , who told young women there would be a " special place in hell " for them young women they young women Bernie Sanders over Clinton Clinton " My philosophy of feminism , I call    Amazon feminism , " Paglia Paglia’s . " I ’m from an immigrant family . The way I was brought up was : the world is a dangerous place you must learn to defend yourself . You ca n’t be a fool . You have to stay alert . " Nowadays , however , the author of      Free Women , Free Men : Sex , Gender , Feminism finds young girls are protected and coddled as they young girls taught to become " helpless victims " when life becomes challenging . " We are rocketing backwards here to the Victorian period with this belief that women are not capable of making decisions on their women , " she says . " This is not feminism   —    which is to achieve independent thought and action . There will never be equality of the sexes if we think that women are so handicapped they women n’t look after themselves women " And , of course , that is the image of women conveyed by Clinton and her Clinton colleagues . At a recent campaign stop in Haverford , Pennsylvania , Clinton Clinton —    with daughter Chelsea in tow   —    told an audience of mostly women and young people that women need    assistance , courtesy of the government , from cradle to grave in order to survive . " We have to look at the whole life cycle , " Clinton Clinton   , echoing the " Life of Julia " presented by Barack Obama ’s    campaign in 2012 . That campaign initiative demonstrated how a fictitious woman named " Julia " fared better throughout her a fictitious woman named "Julia" life because of big government policies promoted by Obama Barack Obama those of his Barack Obama opponent , Republican Mitt Romney . " It should not be so hard to be a young parent , " Clinton said in Haverford . " And it It not be so hard on the other end of the age spectrum to take care of your loved one . " " People say , ‘ I ca n’t get the help I need for myself Barack Obama my spouse , my child,’ " she Barack Obama . " There ’s just not enough help . Women tell me these stories about how hard it is . They Women me not only do they Women no paid family leave , they Women no earned sick days . " But , for Paglia   —    who is    and     —    women should not be expecting special treatment . The feminists she reveres urged women to be tough and fight their women battles with the intention of winning them women Her she live feminist , according to Hill , is Germaine Greer , while Amelia Earhart and Katharine Hepburn are at the top of her Katharine Hepburn of those feminists no longer with us . " I do not believe in quotas of any kind , " she she . " If Hillary she , nothing will change . She she the bureaucracy , all the offices of government and that ’s what she she to do , sit behind the scenes and manipulate the levers of power . " A Trump victory , however , says Paglia she will be " an amazing moment of change because it would destroy the power structure of the Republican party , the power structure of the Democratic party and destroy the power of the media . " " It would be an incredible release of energy   …      at a moment of international tension and crisis , " she she . 
 