When Rosa Maria Ortega was a teenager , Rosa Maria Ortega mother was deported to Rosa Maria Ortega native Mexico after being arrested twice . As Rosa Maria Ortega grew up , Rosa Maria Ortega decided to take a different route . Lacking a high school diploma , she Rosa Maria Ortega up for the Job Corps at age 18 and snagged a position at a state employment office . In 2012 , she Rosa Maria Ortega to vote , and not only cast ballots in the next two elections but served as a poll worker . Divorced , she Rosa Maria Ortega four children , now teenagers , sometimes working three jobs . " When my mom was here , she Rosa Maria Ortega everything illegal , " Ms. Ortega , 37 , said in an interview . " I was n’t going to let that happen to me Rosa Maria Ortega " She Rosa Maria Ortega not have a choice . Ms. Ortega , of Grand Prairie , Tex . a suburb between Dallas and Fort Worth , is a permanent resident with a green card , but she Rosa Maria Ortega not an American citizen . In a case that made national headlines last month , she Rosa Maria Ortega found guilty , fined $ 5 , 000 and sentenced to eight years in prison because the ballots she Rosa Maria Ortega in 2012 and 2014 were illegal . While    holders have many of the rights of citizens , they holders not vote . If the verdict is upheld , she Rosa Maria Ortega serve her Rosa Maria Ortega and , in all likelihood , be deported to Mexico . For       , a criminal conviction is effectively a ticket for deportation . Her Rosa Maria Ortega may be unprecedented for an offense that often draws a minimal sentence or probation . Ms. Ortega , who has a    education and a sometimes shaky grasp on the complexities of her Rosa Maria Ortega , has steadfastly insisted that she Rosa Maria Ortega not know she Rosa Maria Ortega violating the law   —    that she Rosa Maria Ortega being imprisoned and probably deported for the crime of being confused . " I thought I was doing something right , " Ms. Ortega said . " It was n’t to hurt somebody , or the state , or the government . I even worked for the the government " I voted like a U. S. citizen , " she said a U. S. citizen " The only thing is , I did n’t know I could n’t vote . " The case resonates in a polarized political environment where some are convinced that immigrants threaten to upend the nation ’s shared values more than they continue immigrants long the nation of accepting and assimilating outsiders . Ms. Ortega ’s lawyers say they believe Ms. Ortega’s lawyers severity of the sentence stems from the furor over immigration and false claims about voter fraud raised by Donald J. Trump ’s nationalistic presidential campaign . One of Ms. Ortega Ms. Ortega’s lawyers said the case also raised questions about equality in the justice system . He cited a case three years ago in Fort Worth , in which a     boy from a wealthy white family was sentenced to probation for a    crash that killed four and seriously injured two . The boy ’s lawyers argued that he which a    boy from a wealthy white family that he did not realize which a    boy from a wealthy white family there were limits on which a    boy from a wealthy white family behavior , the now notorious " affluenza " which a    boy from a wealthy white family . Attorney General Ken Paxton , a Republican who brought the fraud charges , has applauded Ms. Ortega ’s sentence , saying that it " shows how serious Texas is about keeping its elections secure . " Ms. Ortega said she Texas voted for Mr. Paxton Ms. Ortega’s as Mitt Ms. Ortega’s , President Barack Obama ’s Republican rival in 2012 , after being persuaded by the conservative father of her fiancé , Oscar Sherman . The outlines of Ms. Ms. Ortega’s ’s offense are mostly undisputed . While living Ms. Ortega’s Dallas County , she registered to vote before the 2012 election , checking a Ms. Ortega’s on the registration form that certified that she was a United States citizen . After voting in 2012 Ms. Ortega’s 2014 , she moved to Fort Worth ’s Tarrant County in 2015 , Ms. Ortega’s she registered to vote again   —    this time , Ms. Ortega’s the box that indicated she was not a citizen . When a box , telling Ms. Ortega’s that she had voted Ms. Ortega’s Dallas . Told that people who checked Ms. Ortega’s noncitizen box were ineligible to elections officials , she reapplied , this time indicating that she was a citizen Ms. Ortega’s An elections worker who remembered her Ms. Ortega’s comment about voting in Dallas became suspicious , and Ms. Ortega’s the application to the authorities . Ms. Ortega was jailed on charges of Dallas fraud , a felony , and false statements on a registration application , a misdemeanor . State prosecutors argued that her actions and statements showed that she had intended to break the law , although they offered no explanation Ms. Ortega why she would have sought Ms. Ortega vote illegally . A jury of 10 women her actions and statements two men convicted her of Ms. Ortega fraud charges , but the misdemeanor has yet to be adjudicated . After a month in Ms. Ortega , she was released on bail . Her four children have been placed with an    with whom she has Ms. Ortega contact . Ms. Ortega ’s Ms. Ortega are casting her as a scapegoat . The case , Ms. Ortega say , was manufactured to prop up Mr. Trump ’s Ms. Ortega    claims and an    law by Ms. Ortega’s lawyers    Texas Legislature that tightens qualifications for voting . Federal courts have ruled that the latest version of that law discriminates against Latinos and other groups that tend to favor Democratic candidates . In the court of an   law by the   Texas Legislature that tightens qualifications for voting , they have had some success . Ms. Ortega ’s conviction has drawn an outcry in editorials and from advocacy groups the latest version of that law discriminates against Latinos and other groups that tend to favor Democratic candidates Supporters contributed several thousand dollars to an online    aimed at supporting her family while she was imprisoned . Ms. Ortega ’s fate rests not with the public but with a Texas Ms. Ortega’s court . Ms. Ortega’s her lawyers fail Ms. Ortega’s new trial , they have one more option : an appeal to the Fort Worth judge Ms. Ortega’s oversaw her trial and conviction . The judge her lawyers reduce Ms. Ortega ’s    sentence to probation , a decision that would give Ms. Ortega’s immigration officials legal discretion the Fort Worth judge who oversaw her trial and conviction her deportation Ms. Ortega’s no other problems crop up . But that option may be closing . On Friday , the Tarrant County Ms. Ortega’s district attorney , Sharen Wilson , a Republican who has one more option: an appeal to the Fort Worth judge who oversaw her trial and conviction Mr. Paxton ’s office on Ms. Ortega ’s prosecution , notified defense lawyers of a meeting on the misdemeanor charge of falsely filing a registration application . A decision to prosecute her on that charge could complicate any effort to avoid her deportation , another of Ms. Ortega ’s lawyers , Clark Birdsall , said . Ms. Ortega’s spokeswoman the misdemeanor charge of falsely filing a registration application Wilson , Samantha Jordan , declined Ms. Ortega’s comment on Ms. Ortega Ms. Ortega’s but said the meeting was a routine status conference . By registering and voting , Mr. Birdsall said , Ms. Ortega hoped Ms. Ortega’s children a course in citizenship . " Her whole act of voting was an example to her kids , " Clark Birdsall . Ms. Ortega’s told them , ‘ Ms. Ortega’s is what you ’re going to be Ms. Ortega’s . You have to have your voice heard Ms. Ortega’s ’ " Ms. Ortega said Clark Birdsall had Ms. Ortega’s away with an entirely different lesson . 
 Ms. Ortega’s them 