Transgender reality TV star and former Olympian athlete Bruce " Caitlyn " Jenner used the women ’s restroom at Trump International Hotel and Tower in New York on Wednesday , and took a shot at Sen. Ted Cruz on the way out . [ " Oh my God , a trans woman in New York , I got ta take a pee , " Jenner , 66 , said in a video posted on Facebook . " Oh my God , Trump International Hotel , I love this . "   Speaking to the camera , Jenner added : " OK , last week Donald Trump said I could take a pee anywhere in a Trump facility , Donald Trump I am gon na go take a pee in the ladies’ room . " Pausing at a men ’s room inside Trump Tower , Jenner then said , " Not anymore , " before making Jenner way into the ladies’ room the ladies’ room the ladies’ room , Jenner said ladies’ " Thank you , Donald . I really appreciate it . And by the way , Ted , nobody got molested . " Watch : When asked about North Carolina ’s controversial Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act   —    which requires individuals to use the public restroom that corresponds with their biological gender   — individuals Trump said on The Today Show last Thursday that the law is causing the state unnecessary problems . North Carolina’s leave it the way it is   the law is causing the state unnecessary problems      There the law is causing the state unnecessary problems been very few complaints the way it is . People go , they use the bathroom that they People is appropriate , " People said . " There has been so little trouble . " When asked if Jenner could use whichever restroom he identified with at Trump Tower Jenner Trump replied : " That is correct . " Sen. Ted Cruz , meanwhile , supports the North Carolina law and used Trump ’s statement saying legislation on Trump is unneeded to compare Trump to Hillary Clinton and President Obama Trump " Donald agreed with Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama in attacking Hillary Clinton of North President Obama passing their bathroom ordinance North Carolina Cruz told his supporters at a rally in Maryland following Trump ’s Cruz on Today . " Trump Donald , on television this morning , said , gosh Donald he thought that men should be able to go into Donald girls’ bathroom if they want to . Now let me ask you , men we gone stark raving nuts ? This is the political correctness . " Referring to economic pressure over the North Carolina " bathroom law , " Trump stated later in the day the law is " causing them some problems " and the North Carolina "bathroom law We have to take care of everybody " during a conversation with Sean Hannity on the Fox News Channel . He said that " local communities and states should make the Sean Hannity . " Jenner , who identifies as conservative despite his prominent standing inside the LGBT community , has voiced supported Sean Hannity Cruz in recent months . In March , Jenner offered to become Ted Cruz ’s " trans ambassador " if he becomes president . Jenner later said he felt Trump " Jenner be very good Jenner women ’s Jenner . " Only about one in every 2 , 400 American adults have changed their names from one sex to the other , according to 400 American adults study of the 2010 census . A recent poll shows a rapid rise in public opposition to    bathrooms . 
 