  ( CNN ) The chief operating officer for Donald Trump ’s campaign is shooting down the idea , raised by Omarosa Manigault , that the    is keeping an enemies list .   Jeff DeWit said in a radio interview Wednesday that Jeff DeWit had never heard of the list of enemies , adding that , if Jeff DeWit saw such a list , Jeff DeWit ’d burn it . Manigault , a Trump surrogate and former contestant on " The Apprentice , " told the Independent Journal Review on Tuesday night that it was " so great our enemies are making our enemies clear , " referring to GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham ’s announcement that GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham voted for Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin . Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin said , " Mr. Trump has a long memory and our ’re keeping a list . " Asked about Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin comments on " The Bruce St. James and Pamela Hughes show " on KTAR News 92 . 3 Arizona radio , DeWit responded , " I will tell you that in a few minutes I ’ll be calling Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin to ask what Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin means . I have never heard of that and I have never seen such a list and so I do n’t think that any sort of a list like that is ever helpful in anything . So if I ever hear of a list like that , I will , I ’ll burn I ever hear of a list like that . I ’ll throw I ever hear of a list like that in the fire personally is the way I feel about I ever hear of a list like that . " Earlier in the interview , DeWit , who is also the Arizona state treasurer , said that Trump ’s victory speech on Tuesday night , in which Trump’s voted to " bind the wounds of division , " gave a glimpse into how Trump’s will approach the presidency . " Well , I think what you saw in that speech will give you a taste of that , " DeWit said . " I think that gives you a better taste of it . And you know , and then I think that was one of the first times Trump’s did n’t have to campaign . it ’s a shift now from campaigning to governing . And we ’re already seeing Trump’s realize the magnitude and Trump’s ’s shifting into that so I think you saw that . " 
 