  ( CNN ) An Iranian baby with a serious heart defect will soon get the medical attention An Iranian baby with a serious heart defect needs in the United States . The girl and An Iranian baby with a serious heart defect family     caught up in President Donald Trump ’s immigration ban     have received an    to enter the United States for critical surgery , officials at the Oregon Health   Science University ’s Doernbecher Children ’s Hospital said . Fatemeh Reshad and her parents Fatemeh Reshad expected to arrive in the United the United States few days , the Portland hospital said the Oregon Health  Science University’s Doernbecher Children’s Hospital initially had been scheduled to Fatemeh Reshad and her parents Sunday with doctors in Portland but had been barred from Portland from Tehran , Fatemeh ’s uncle , Samad Teghizadeh , told CNN . Several congressional Democrats released a letter Friday evening asking Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to grant a waiver for the child and her parents . The delay came after Trump ’s executive order put an abrupt stop on travel to the United States for citizens of seven    countries , including Iran . A federal judge on Friday temporarily stopped the order . Family attorney Jennifer Trump’s executive order CNN , " The family decided that it would be best to have their daughter treated at OHSU Doernbecher Children The family Hospital because of the hospital ’s pediatric cardiology expertise and OHSU Doernbecher Children’s Hospital in Portland . " The uncle , Teghizadeh , who has been an American citizen for seven years , lives in Portland with his parents     Fatemeh ’s grandparents Portland who also are US citizens .   " Everything is going great , and we are bringing her here to Portland , " Teghizadeh told Morrissey .   Portland ’s family is " overwhelmingly relieved and Fatemeh the baby is coming for surgery , " Morrissey said at a press conference at the Portland hospital Saturday . The International Refugee Assistance Portland is arranging the family ’s travel . Family initially denied US visas   Last month , Iranian doctors in Tehran told Fatemeh ’s family that the     has structural abnormalities and two holes in her heart , but they lacked the resources to treat the infant . Family and her parents boarded a flight to Dubai Fatemeh United Fatemeh Emirates , but they were rerouted back to Iran and told to Fatemeh and her parents for a US visa in 90 days .   Teghizadeh worried his niece would n’t make it until then . Teghizadeh call for help , State and federal officials intervened on behalf of the family , Amber Murray , a    immigration attorney working on the case , told CNN .   Attorneys contacted State Department officials to help the family obtain an emergency waiver to navigate around the family .   " I find it deplorable that an infant , who was supposed to come to Oregon to receive much needed lifesaving care , was not able to access that care at Oregon Health Sciences University , " Oregon Gov. Kate Brown said at a press conference Thursday Oregon   The governor ’s office connected with the family to determine if medical help could be provided the family spokesman Bryan Hockaday told CNN .   Fatemeh ’s family Oregon Gov. Kate Brown the office of Sen. Jeff Merkley ,    for help . Merkley took " interest in the case and assigned a case worker from his office to work as a facilitator between the family and Merkley lawyers , " the senator ’s communications director Sara Hottman told CNN on Thursday .   " He ’s involved and very personally interested in this issue , Merkley very opposed to this ban as it ’s having potentially devastating effect on lives , " Hottman this ban .   That leverage apparently included the letter to the senator’s communications director Sara Hottman , which Merkley ’s office sent with other congressional Democrats from the state .   " Whether Fatemeh and her family are allowed access to this urgent and necessary medical Fatemeh in the United States will determine whether she lives or dies , " they wrote . The Democrats Fatemeh granting the waiver would be Fatemeh and her family moral and other congressional Democrats as well as send a signal that " even in the face of highly strained diplomatic relations , the United States offers help to those suffering tragic circumstances . " the United States Doctors from around the country and from Canada and Germany responded to calls for help , Murray the United States .   " She has a fairly complicated anatomy with a muscular VSD , " Murray said , Murray to a ventricular septal defect . It ’s a common heart Murray present at birth due to an abnormal connection between the ventricles or lower chambers of the heart , according to the Mayo Clinic .   Doctors are awaiting more of Fatemeh ’s medical records , but the initial diagnosis indicates she also has other heart complications , including an atrial septal defect     a " Murray " in the wall that separates the top two chambers of the heart .    Physicians in Tehran sent the results of Fatemeh ’s echocardiogram to doctors in Portland , who reviewed her case and said she Fatemeh to be operated on urgently .   Doctors at Murray Doernbecher have agreed Murray waive their fees , and the hospital will ensure the majority of the surgery is covered Doctors at OHSU Doernbecher the hospital said . " This is my home . We live here . My the hospital everything is in the US , " said Teghizadeh , the child ’s uncle . " Believe me , if I did n’t have a brother and sister in Iran , I would n’t go there . This is our home . "    He said he just wants his sister ’s baby to get the care she needs . 
 He He his sister 