   Donald Trump said Ford had called to reassure   Donald Trump that Ford has decided not to move its Ford assembly operations from Louisville , Kentucky to Mexico . [ " Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford , Chairman of Ford , who advised me that   Donald Trump will be keeping the Lincoln Lincoln in Kentucky Kentucky —    no Mexico Mexico " Trump wrote on Twitter .   The news was shocking to local residents , since Ford had never announced any intention of moving Kentucky Kentucky to Mexico Mexico Ford Ford two plants in the Louisville community , with their Ford plant producing the    Lincoln Navigator . Ford Ford employs 4 , 705 at its Ford     assembly facility , which sits on 180 acres located in the Northeast side of town . The its massive    assembly facility, which sits on 180 acres located in the Northeast side of town operated since 1955 and currently produces the    Lincoln MKC small    along with the very popular Ford Ford    SUV . Ford Ford a    on September 17 when it Ford employees itintended to move all small car assembly in the U. S to a modern Mexico facility employing 2 , 800 workers . Ford Ford builds the Focus and    compacts in the U. S. the Fiesta subcompact in Mexico , Mexico the    Ford Focus RS in Germany . Ford Ford in a formal statement , " Today , we Ford with the    that our Ford Lincoln utility vehicle made at the Louisville Assembly Plant will stay in Kentucky . " The Ford , " We are Ford that    Trump and the new Congress will pursue policies that will improve U. S. competitiveness and make it possible to keep production of this vehicle here our small Lincoln utility vehicle made at the Louisville Assembly Plant United States . " Ford has claimed that the company needed to Ford car production to Mexico , which has 80 percent lower wages , in order to be viable against competitors that have relocated south of the border . Mexico factories currently make the Mexico Escalade EXT and SRX , Chevrolet Avalanche , Chevrolet Aveo , Chevrolet HHR , Chevrolet Silverado and Silverado Hybrid , Dodge Journey , Dodge Ram 2500 , Dodge Ram 3500 , Dodge Ram 4500 , Dodge Ram 5500 , Ford Fiesta , Ford Fusion and Fusion Hybrid , GMC Sierra and Sierra Hybrid , GMC Sierra Crew Cab , Honda    Lincoln MKZ and MKZ Hybrid , Nissan Sentra , Nissan Versa , Volkswagen Jetta Nissan and Volkswagen Jetta SportWagen . 
 