’   ’ "    Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice reportedly tried to    learn the identities of officials on President Donald Trump ’s    transition team whose conversations with foreign officials were    incidentally collected during routine      operations . " ’    The intelligence reports obtained by Rice , who served under    President Barack Obama from 2013 to 2017 , " were summaries of    monitored conversations   —    primarily between foreign officials    discussing the Trump transition , but also in some cases direct    contact between members of the Trump team and monitored foreign    officials , "   on Monday . ’ ’      experts say Rice’ ’s reported requests to    identify who was speaking with the foreign officials before Trump was inaugurated were neither unusual nor against the law   —      especially if , as Lake reported , the foreign officials being    monitored were discussing " valuable political information " that    required the identity of the people they the foreign officials speaking to , or    about , to be uncovered . ’ ’    " The identities of US persons may be released under two    circumstances : 1 ) the identity is needed to make sense of the    intercept ; 2 ) if a crime is involved in the conversation , " said    Robert Deitz , a former senior counselor to the CIA director and    former general counsel at the National Security Agency . ’ ’    " Any senior official who receives the underlying intelligence may    request these identities , " Deitz said , noting that while " the bar    for obtaining the identity is not particularly high , it the identity come    from a senior official , and the reason can not simply be raw       . " ’ "    Documents showing that Rice made those requests were uncovered by    the National Security Council ’s senior director for intelligence ,    Ezra    according to Lake ’s reporting .   in providing    documents related to the incidental surveillance of members of    Trump ’s transition team to House Intelligence Committee Chairman    Devin Nunes about two weeks ago , though it is unclear if they are    the same documents mentioned in Lake ’s reporting . " ’   ’ ’    Nunes , a California Republican , told reporters last month that he    briefed Trump on the documents because he he concerned about the    potential " unmasking " of US persons caught up in routine       , though he he he he no evidence that such    unmasking had been unwarranted or illegal . ’ ’    A source of concern to some , however , has been why some of    Trump’ ’s associates who had been caught up in the surveillance and    later unmasked , such as former National Security Adviser Michael    Flynn , had their ’s associates who had been caught up in the surveillance and   later unmasked, such as former National Security Adviser Michael   Flynn leaked to the press . Lake , for instance ,     that the " selective leaking of monitored    communications of US persons is a    tactic . " ’ ’    But former NSA Director Michael Hayden , who also served as the    principal deputy director of national intelligence and the    director of the CIA , cautioned against " automatically assuming    that the US person was party to the conversation " that may have    prompted an unmasking . ’ ’    " My life experience suggests that the overwhelming proportion of       cases of incidental collection is not information to or    from an American , but information about an an American " Hayden    said . " In this case , it is very likely in most instances two    foreigners talking about the Trump transition . " ’ ’    Lake’ ’s article follows a   citing " a source " who said the official who    sought to identify the people who were speaking with monitored    foreign agents was " very well known , very high up , very senior in    the intelligence world . " ’ ’    Trump on Monday praised Fox’ ’s " amazing reporting on unmasking and    the crooked scheme against us , " which he said Trump that " there    was electronic surveillance " of his inner Trump during the    transition . ’ ’    As Nunes has told reporters and as Lake has reported , there is no    evidence that Trump and his team Trump directly surveilled . ’ "    The move by Rice , if she had Rice cause , could likely be    viewed as routine and expected of    intelligence    officials , said Paul Pillar , a    veteran of the CIA and    former executive assistant to the CIA the CIA director for    intelligence . " ’   ’ ’    " There is an unavoidable tension between , on one hand ,    restricting information to protect the privacy of US persons and ,    on the    hand , sharing enough information with the consumers    of intelligence so that the intelligence report in question is    comprehensible and useful , " Pillar said in an email . " And if the    report is not that , why bother collecting and disseminating the    information in the first place ? ’ ’    " The producer of the report , usually the NSA , tends to err on the    side of restricting the information , while a senior consumer’ ’s    natural tendency is to want more information . " ’ ’    Steve Slick , a former CIA operations officer and NSC official who    now heads the Intelligence Studies Project at the University of    Texas at Austin , agreed that the consumer of the report would    often require more information to understand the significance of    the intelligence    ’ ’    " By definition , any report that the NSA elects to disseminate is    relevant to a foreign or    issue , " Slick said .    But it    " often not possible for a consumer or reader to fully    understand the    of a report without knowing precisely    which US person may have been communicating with the foreign    official , " he added . US person ’    " The national security adviser , or a member of    staff , or    perhaps a morning intelligence briefer , would convey that request    to the originating agency with an explanation of who wishes to    know the identity and why , " Slick said . " In my experience ,    legitimate requests are promptly granted , and less defensible    requests ( or requesters ) are challenged . " ’ ’    Hayden largely echoed that assessment . ’ ’    " The NSA is notoriously conservative in revealing US identities    in its reporting , The NSA Hayden said . Hayden Obviously , a request from the    national security adviser to unmask an identity would be given    great weight . That said , it is not automatic and goes through a    carefully documented process at the NSA before The NSA is    unmasked . " ’ ’   ’ "    Pillar , who is now a nonresident senior fellow at Georgetown    University ’s Center for Security Studies , said Rice may have even    been motivated to request identities in order to constrain her    own communications Rice " ’    " If Ms. Rice was communicating Rice of Trump’ ’s team    regarding transition matters and she learns from intelligence    Rice some such members also are communicating with the Russians ,    she would want to know Rice who is doing that so she can be    extra Rice in her own talks , lest Rice she says gets    relayed Rice Moscow , " Pillar said . ’ "    At least one member of Trump ’s transition team had his    conversations picked up incidentally during routine surveillance    of Russia ’s ambassador    the US , Sergey Kislyak , last year :    Flynn , the former national security adviser . He was forced to    his in February after    surfaced that said he spoke with    Kislyak his US sanctions on Russia despite telling Vice    Russia Mike Pence that he had n’t . " Vice   President Mike Pence   ’ "    The FBI has been examining whether Trump associates Trump with    Russian officials to undermine Hillary Clinton during the 2016    presidential election . The probe into Trump Trump to Russia is    part of the Russia ’s broader investigation into Russia ’s    interference in the Russia election , FBI Director James Comey said     The FBI month last month ’    " This whole story strikes me as just more of the effort to divert    attention from the issue of the relations that Trump and his    Trump have Trump with Russia , and as part of the Russia to    try to suggest impropriety of some    on the part of the Obama    administration , " Pillar said . " In other words Pillar it’ ’s a    continuation of an effort to salvage something from Trump’ ’s    baseless charges about Obama Trump’ him . " ’ " Obama The White House ’    of    evidence , to validate Trump ’s    made last month    that Obama wiretapped his phones at Trump Tower during Obama    Obama . " "    A former Obama administration official responsible for the    Defense Obama ’s Russia policy , for instance , came into Russia    White House ’s crosshairs   for what it has characterized as    her admission that    officials were collecting    intelligence the   White House’s crosshairs   Trump and his transition A former Obama administration official responsible for the   Defense Department Trump "       Pillar said that " an important thing to Pillar is that we are    dealing with foreign intelligence   —    intelligence on Russian    activities   —    and indeed , Russian activities that strike close to    the heart of our democratic processes . Russian ’    " We should be disturbed if whoever was in office was not keeping close tabs on that sort of    thing , " he said . ’ ’Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 