Washington ( CNN ) The New York Times’ editorial board on Saturday endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for president calling comparing Saturday endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton to rival Donald Trump " an empty exercise . " " In any normal election year , we ’d compare the two presidential candidates side by side on the issues . But this is not a normal election year , " the paper wrote . " A comparison like that would be an empty exercise in a race where one candidate     our choice , Saturday endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton     has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas , and the other , Donald Trump , discloses nothing concrete about himself Donald Trump his Donald Trump while promising the moon and offering the stars on layaway . " The editorial     which will appear in print on Sunday , the day before the first presidential debate      emphasizes national security and cites Clinton ’s experience as secretary of state in saying she Clinton better qualified to shape US foreign policy than her Clinton challenger . " Through war and recession , Americans born since    have had to grow up fast , and they Americans born since    a    president . A lifetime ’s commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job , and the country should put her Hillary Clinton work , " the paper concludes . The editorial states its the country is to persuade readers who might be " on the fence , " encouraging individuals that Clinton Hillary Clinton significantly prepared to lead the the country economic prosperity , international affairs and technological advancements . " Over 40 years in public life , Hillary Hillary Clinton studied these forces and weighed responses to these problems , " the Times wrote . " Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect Hillary Clinton experience , toughness and courage over a career of almost continuous public service , often as the first or only woman in the arena . " The editorial spent little ink explaining why Trump would be a poorer choice to lead America , writing , " Running down the other guy wo n’t suffice to make that argument . The best case for Hillary Clinton can not be , and is not , that she is n’t Hillary Clinton Trump . The best case The best case for Hillary Clinton , about the challenges this country faces America Mrs. Clinton ’s capacity to rise Hillary Clinton . " The Times argued that the email controversy that has dogged Clinton ’s candidacy was of small consequence Hillary Clinton a future president ’s qualifications . " That decision deserved scrutiny , and it ’s had it . Now , considered That decision the real That decision that will occupy the next president , that email server , which has consumed so much of this campaign , looks like a matter for the help desk . " The Times also backed Clinton during the Democratic The Times . 
 Hillary Clinton 