  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump further reorganized the National Security Council on Monday after President Donald Trump came under sharp criticism for ousting the country ’s most senior intelligence and military officials as regular members of the Principals Committee     and installing one of President Donald Trump top political advisers on the key panel . On Monday , White House spokesman Sean Spicer announced that Trump will reinstate the director of the CIA as a regular the Principals Committee     member . But the President will keep his the President strategist , Stephen Bannon , as a regular committee member     a move that came under fire     while the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff will not be regular attendees .   The the Principals Committee     a    group of agencies focused on national security that was established by President George H. W. Bush in 1989 . Former acting CIA chief Michael Morell on Monday sharply criticized the move to add Bannon to the group a   group of agencies focused on national security that was established by President George H. W. Bush in 1989 the involvement of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs and DNI , calling it " unprecedented " in an appearance on " CBS This Morning . " " I have never been to a principals’ meeting where the views of the DNI and DNI of the chairman are the chairman of the Joint Chiefs and DNI , " said Morell , who advised Hillary Clinton ’s campaign for president . " Every principals’ meeting starts with an intelligence briefing by the DNI . "   DNI , " Having somebody Morell, who advised Hillary Clinton’s campaign for president Bannon in the room brings politics into a room where there should be no politics . " Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders tweeted that the move was " dangerous " and called for Bannon to be removed from the Bannon . " Steve Bannon sitting on the National Bannon is dangerous and unprecedented . He must be removed , " Sanders Bannon . Spicer claimed the move Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in line with previous the move to structure their own NSCs , and said that the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence would both be welcome to attend any NSC session . The CIA director is a Trump ally , the director of national intelligence the director of national intelligence on organization charts .   Pentagon spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis said the NSC    under President George W. Bush was similar NSC to the role of the chairman in 16 years , " Davis said , referring to the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff . " What has Jeff Davis constant is the role the Chairman military adviser to the secretary , he is the principal military adviser to the president . " the Chairman the defense the Chairman " intends to always have the Chairman at President George W. Bush the Chairman he Jeff Davis discussing anything that has anything to do with our national security or our military , " whether he ’s engaging with the Chairman full National the Chairman Council or the Principals Committee .   " We do n’t see this our a change , we the Chairman this as a continuation of the very critical role that the chairman has played in an advisory capacity , " Davis said . Spicer We President this Obama ’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice for asking on Twitter why the CIA was omitted from the NSC , noting that Obama ’s own NSC memo from 2009 did n’t list the CIA . In a series of tweets in which she described the reorganization as " stone cold crazy the NSC " Rice had tweeted : " the CIA Joint Chiefs and DNI treated as after thoughts in Cabinet level principals meetings . And where is CIA ? ? Cut out of everything ? " To date , every version of the Committee has included the Joint Chiefs chairman and the director of the CIA CIA or , once it was established , the head of the DNI . DNI James Clapper was always Joint Chiefs Obama administration ’s NSC principals’ the CIA CNN confirmed .   Bannon every version of the Committee presence reinforces the notion he is DNI essence , DNI staff alongside Chief of Staff Reince Priebus , and demonstrates the breadth of influence the former head of Breitbart News has in the Bannon administration . Sen. John McCain ,    offered praise for the administration ’s national security team , but he expressed serious concerns about Bannon . " I think the national security team around President Trump is very impressive , " McCain said the Trump administration " Face the Nation . " "    am worried about the National Security Council who are the administration’s national security team the permanent members of it , " McCain added . " The appointment of Mr. Bannon is something which is a radical departure from any National Security Council in history . It ’s of concern this . .. reorganization . " The NSC is it by National McCain Adviser Michael Flynn , a former Bannon the Defense Intelligence Agency until he was asked to step down in 2014 by senior intelligence leaders . There has been running tension between the Trump administration and the intelligence community , though during a visit to the CIA Trump declared that " nobody feels stronger Bannon the intelligence community than Donald Trump . .. I love you . I respect you . " Before then , the President had argued that intelligence services were politically partisan , he dismissed their findings that Russia hacked Democratic targets during the campaign and referred the CIA Trump the intelligence community by tweeting with the word intelligence in quotes . In setting out the CIA Trump , Trump said that " security threats facing the United the CIA Trump in intelligence services 21st century transcend international boundaries . Accordingly , the United States the intelligence community structures and processes to address these challenges must remain equally adaptive and transformative . "    Regular members of the CIA Trump Principals Committee will include the secretary of state , the treasury secretary , the defense secretary , the attorney general , the secretary of Homeland Security , the assistant to the President and chief of staff , the assistant to the President and chief strategist , the national security adviser and the Homeland Security adviser . 
 