Washington ( CNN ) The latest round of political    over the House Intelligence Committee ’s investigation into Russia ’s meddling in the US elections is threatening to undermine the House Intelligence Committee work . Chairman Devin Nunes of California and ranking Democrat Adam Schiff , also of California , on California held dueling news conferences for the second time this week . At his event , Nunes announced he was postponing his week ’s public hearing on the Russia investigation , prompting a Democratic member to call for his ouster . a Democratic member I do n’t see how they go forward ’s public hearing on the Russia investigation, prompting a Democratic member to call for his ouster together the way it ’s going , " one senior Democratic congressional aide said . " Maybe they ’ll find ’s public hearing on the Russia investigation, prompting a Democratic member to call for his ouster way to recover , but I ’m skeptical . " The House and Senate intelligence committees historically have been a bipartisan staple of Capitol Hill , with members conducting their work together members mostly in private . But the Russia investigation has become a political firestorm surrounding questions of whether Trump ’s associates colluded with the Russians to help the GOP candidate during the election campaign , and it risks ripping the Russia investigation committee apart . A Democratic intelligence committee source told CNN that Nunes’ move to postpone the hearing on Friday was a " suicide bomb " that signaled Nunes was effectively trying to destroy the Russia investigation .   Nunes said he Nunes only Nunes the hearing     where former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , former CIA Director John Brennan and former acting Attorney General Sally Yates were slated to testify     to a later date . But Democrats accused him of canceling Nunes . Democrats were already seething over Nunes’ decision Wednesday to brief the White House and tell the media that he had obtained Nunes suggesting President Donald Trump ’s communications may have been intercepted by intelligence agencies     before telling his own committee Nunes . Nunes later apologized for the move , which Democrats said was a major breach of protocol . On Fox News’ " Nunes " Thursday evening , Nunes said he Nunes felt Nunes I had a duty and obligation " to brief Trump on the intelligence , because " he ’s been Nunes a lot of heat in the news media . " House Democrats amplified their calls on House Democrats for an independent commission to investigate Russia ’s election meddling , arguing Nunes is too close to the Trump administration . " The credibility of that committee is hurt , for all members of the committee , Democrats and Republicans , because can they now have all members of the committee, Democrats and Republicans independent investigation on these serious allegations of Russia ? " Russia Maryland Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , the panel ’s former ranking Democrat . So far , however , Republican leadership has shown no indications it plans to Republican leadership course from having the intelligence committee alone investigate .   Nunes acknowledged Friday that the investigation is " not an easy process , " but said he was hopeful Nunes committee would the intelligence committee alone . " There ’s politics on both sides of this and I ’m trying to navigate as best as I can , " he said . " Nunes would say that what we ’ve been very successful at is that we have people that we to come forward to provide us information . And we want that to we . " Some Democrats are also reluctant to see the committee turn over the intelligence committee alone to an independent counsel . " Democrats feel that if we ’re not engaged in Democrats investigation , no one the investigation to an independent counsel , " Schiff said at a news conference Friday held minutes after Nunes’ . " There are some , I ’m sure in this building , who would like nothing more than this investigation to go away . " For now , the committee ’s work is the intelligence committee alone . Nunes at his news conference said there would be a Nunes session next week with FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers , both of whom testified at a    public hearing on Monday .   Nunes also announced former Trump campaign chairman Paul Nunes had offered to testify before the panel , while former Trump advisers Roger Stone and Carter Page told Trump committee that they ’re willing to speak about their roles former Trump advisers Roger Stone and Carter Page the Trump campaign . Even former Trump advisers Roger Stone and Carter Page of Wednesday ’s Trump , the tensions between the two intelligence committee leaders were already on display at Monday ’s hearing with Comey . At the hearing , Nunes pointed out that Clapper hearing with Comey said publicly he ’s seen no evidence of collusion between the Clapper and the Trump campaign , " which cut directly the Trump campaign who had said that there is circumstantial evidence of collusion based on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn ’s communications with Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak . " We still really want this investigation to be    and what the chairman did this week makes that very hard , " Schiff CNN on Friday following an impromptu meeting of committee Democrats after Nunes postponed the public hearing . Other Democrats were harsher in their criticisms , with California Rep. Jackie Speier , an intelligence committee Other Democrats , telling CNN Speier . " CNN Friday all Nunes smokescreen to cancel a public hearing , " Speier said of announcing Manafort ’s plan to testify while putting off the public hearing . " As far as I ’m concerned , that ’s obstruction of justice . " The Senate Intelligence Committee , meanwhile , is keeping its head down and continuing its own investigation into Russia ’s election meddling . While House Democrats are calling for The Senate Intelligence Committee independent commission , it The Senate Intelligence Committee not clear that their party colleagues in the Senate will follow suit .   Maine Sen. Angus King an independent commission an independent who caucuses House Democrats the Democrats , raised concerns that doing so would actually set back the Russia investigation . " The actions of the House chair ( Wednesday ) certainly call into question the ability of that committee to perform an independent investigation , but I do n’t think that applies to the Senate committee , " he said .   In fact , setting up an independent commission " would take six to eight months to Maine Sen. Angus King, an independent who caucuses with the Democrats where we are now in the intel committee , " King said . 
 that committee 