Breitbart News presents live coverage of the aftermath of the jihadist Omar Mateen ’s massacre at Orlando ’s Pulse . One day after the largest terrorist attack on U. S. soil since    law enforcement continues to release new information on the investigation which is affecting political battles such as the 2016 presidential election and Britain ’s referendum on leaving the European Union .   All times Eastern Standard Time . * * * * * Top updates : • Mateen traveled to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates   —    before the FBI interviewed him in 2013• A former    reported Mateen ’s extremism to * Top updates: • Mateen traveled to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates  —   before the FBI interviewed him in 2013• A former    employer but no one took action   …      because Mateen was Muslim• Last year , the FBI the FBI Mateen Mateen’s to " the first American suicide bomber in Syria"• Fox report : Mateen Mateen enrolled in online courses from a notorious terrorist recruiter• UPDATE   —    Two trips to Saudi Arabia• Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton deliver dueling speeches on U. S. response to the attack• Mateen ’s Mateen’s he was planning Fox attack told law enforcement one potential target was Disney World• Local news station reports police will soon arrest an alleged accomplice , * * * * * 10:39 PM   —    Male classmate says Orlando terrorist asked him out romantically Fox   9:30 : PM   —    Clinton campaign chair John Podesta slams Trump , saying that , despite Trump ’s many Trump proposals , nothing in his " rambling Fox came close to resembling a real strategy for fighting terrorists and keeping our people safe . " Podesta says that Clinton campaign chair John Podesta prejudice , paranoia and partisanship are not a plan , and will not protect anyone " as Hillary Clinton drones on with rhetoric that " sounds smart " only to the foreign policy elite . 9:15 PM   —    Orlando vigil : Lights of love in Orlando tonight , overpowering Sunday morning ’s flashes of hate . pic . twitter .    —    Shaquille Brewster ( @shaqbrewster ) June 14 , 2016 ,   Bell tolls at # Orlando vigil in Orlando of nightclub massacre victims . https :   .   https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) June 14 , 2016 ,   # OrlandoUnited via Instagram https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Orlando Sentinel ( @orlandosentinel ) June 14 , 2016 ,   49th victim has been identified in # Orlando shooting an additional 53 people were injured . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Nightline ( @Nightline ) June 14 , 2016 ,   9:05 PM   —    Obama to visit Orlando on Thursday #Orlando pay respects to the families of the terror victims and to stand in " solidarity " with the community . 8:22 PM   —    On Fox News , Donald Trump tells Bill O’Reilly that he has no O’Reilly why Obama does n’t fight ISIS with " strength and vigor . " Trump says , Donald Trump nobody knows . " Trump says nobody Donald Trump why Obama does n’t Obama more anger and " competitive zeal " to knock out ISIS . Trump ISIS Obama Donald Trump not Obama " radical Islam . " 8:05 PM   —    ISIS claims responsibility for Paris stabbings : # ISIS claim 8:05 PM  —   ISIS # Pairs attack today by knife#Syria # ISIL # Raqqa ( EN ) ( AR)#Breaking # France . pic . twitter .    — Twitter ( @3z0ooz ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:55 PM   —    Rep. Andre Carson ( ) says we ca n’t get caught up in " phraseology . " Rep Andre Carson , 1 of only 2 Muslims in Congress on Ds not saying # Orlando was Islamic terrorism : We ca n’t get caught up in phraseology ,   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:51 PM   —    : Another Islamist attack in near Paris . " Islamist slogans " ( Allahu Akbar ) reportedly heard during attack . Child who was being Another Islamist attack in near Paris hostage rescued .   According to the Associated Press , " France ’s Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve identified the male victim as a police commander and said that his female companion also worked for a police commander Interior Ministry . " French police officer among three killed near Paris after hostage situation https :   .    —    Harry Slater ( @harry_slater ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:50 PM   —    Sen. Sessions ( ) says Orlando terrorist ’s father " clearly an extremist . " . @SenatorSessions : Gunman ’s " father was clearly an extremist   …      We can protect the U. S. in many ways by much more aggressive enforcement . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:47 PM   —    Rep. Clyburn ( ) interrupts moment of silence to push gun control bill : Some Ds left chamber in protest of repeated moments of silence after each mass shooting . They view them as as perfunctory , hollow each mass shooting .   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) June 13 , 2016 ,   After Ryan ruled Clyburn out of order , Dems loudly chanted " Where ’s the bill ? "   " No leadership ! " in protest of no gun legislation # Orlando ,   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Clyburn wanted to express dismay of Dems about repeated moments of silence Dems each mass shooting yet no gun legislation ,   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) June 13 , 2016 ,   After moment of silence for # Orlando Ast Dem Ldr Clyburn tries to get recognition to talk about guns . Ryan initially ignores him from chair ,   — Ryan Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) June 13 , 2016 ,     7:45 PM   —    Orlando Mayor providing updates on the terror victims : Orlando mayor : " Today we have identified all 49 victims and we have the terror victims of kin of we 49 victims "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:30 PM   —    As Hillary Clinton pushes for more gun control , a gay bar in West Hollywood is considering hiring armed guards . 7:25 : On CNN , the    of the Orlando terrorist says she does n’t know if her    was the   of the Orlando terrorist when asked why he the   of the Orlando terrorist some gay night clubs . The terrorist also reportedly used a gay app the Orlando terrorist : Trump says Obama " has more anger towards me than he does for ISIS . " Trump Trump Howie Trump : [ Obama ] has more anger towards me than he Obama for ISIS and a number Trump people Trump said that ISIS pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) June 13 , 2016 ,   7:07 PM   —    Orlando Mayor defiant : Mayor Buddy Dyer @orlandomayor : ’I do n’t think we change a bit’ https :   .   # PulseShooting pic . twitter .    —    Orlando Sentinel ( @orlandosentinel ) June 13 , 2016 ,     7:05 PM   —    Eiffel Tower in rainbow colors to honor Orlando terror victims : The Eiffel Tower is lit up in rainbow colors in honor of the victims of the # Orlando attack . https :   .   https Orlando   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) June 13 , 2016 ,   6:53 PM   —    Chris Hayes says a local told him Mateen had a profile on a gay dating Chris Hayes . The man I spoke with today also said the shooter has messaged him on a gay dating app . His friend Chris Hayes well . We ’ll run the Chris Hayes tonight .   —    Christopher Hayes ( @chrislhayes ) June 13 , 2016 ,   6:13 PM   —    They ’re handling his speech well .   6:06 PM   — Chris Hayes Another report interviewing Pulse regulars says Mateen pointed a knife at a friend while he was drunk and being escorted from the club Mateen 5:57 PM   —    Trump , again dropping bombs on Facebook . Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate . I am calling on her to immediately return the $ 25 million plus Crooked Hillary got from them for the Clinton Foundation ! Crooked Hillary PM   —    Orlando Police Department names the eleven officers who exchanged fire with Mateen . Timeline of events shared on the Department Mateen official site says he " continued shooting " once he initiated a Timeline of events shared on the Department’s official site situation . Contradicts recent statement Timeline of events shared on the Department’s official site reporters ( see : 5:25 PM update ) . 5:44 PM   —    Full update from local news stating an alleged accomplice ’s arrest is imminent . 5:40 PM   —     OPD says no explosive devices were found at the scene ,   —    Matt Grant ( @MattGrantWESH ) June 13 , 2016 ,   5:39 PM   —    The plot thickens . At least four regular customers at the gay Orlando nightclub where #Orlando gunman killed 49 people Sunday morning said today that they believe they had seen the killer , Omar 49 people , 49 people before . " Sometimes he would go over in the corner and sit Omar Mateen drink by himself , and other times he would get so Omar Mateen he was loud and Omar Mateen , " said Ty Omar Mateen , who also uses the name Aries . 5:34 PM   —    Daily Mail got inside Mateen ’s home Mateen’s .   5:25 PM   Mateen    Orlando police giving more details   —    some extremely odd . OPD : Omar Mateen threatened to put bomb vests on OPD prompting Mateen knock down the bathroom wall . Mateen killed exiting hole ,   —    Matt Grant ( Mateen ) June 13 , 2016 ,   OPD : Responding officers outgunned , backup exchanged fire , Mateen retreated to bathroom . Active shooter turned to hostage situation Mateen   —    Matt Grant ( @MattGrantWESH ) June 13 , 2016 ,   OPD defends 3 hour wait to enter bathroom saying there were OPD shots and they were trying to negotiate with Mateen ,   —    Matt Grant (@MattGrantWESH) June 13, 2016,   Grant ( @MattGrantWESH ) June Mateen , 2016 ,   Matt Grant (@MattGrantWESH) June 13, 2016,   OPD Grant ( @MattGrantWESH ) June 13 , 2016 ,   5:23 PM   —    Red alert .    a top law enforcement source says an arrest , elsewhere in the state , is expected after # PulseShooting .   # WFTV ,   —    Karla Ray ( @KRayWFTV ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Our sister station @WFTV reporting another arrest , someone who helped Mateen is imminent in another part of our state @abcactionnews , Mateen —    CarsonChambers ( @CarsonChambers ) June 13 , 2016 ,   5:19 PM   — Our " Homeboys . " The gunman responsible for an attack at a gay nightclub in Orlando that left 49 #Orlando dead called the Boston Marathon bombers his " homeboys " in a 911 call he made during the mass shooting , the FBI said Monday . Harold Shaw , special agent in charge of the his ’s Boston division , said Omar Mateen made the reference to brothers Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev Mateen 911 call the FBI Sunday inside the Pulse nightclub . 5:15 PM   Mateen    Picks up on the report   —    from WaPo   —    that Mateen celebrated the    attacks . I thought people were n’t celebrating Mateen They were cheering all over , even this savage from Orlando . I was #Orlando . https :   .    —    Donald people Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 13 , 2016 ,   5:10 PM   —    Trump takes to Twitter Donald Trump handle media blowback , it seems . In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban , which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 13 , 2016 ,   4:47 PM   —    Incredible numbers from Reddit   —    the    subreddit lost over 75 , 000 subscribers over censorship of Mateen ’s Muslim faith . Over 11 , 000 instead joined    Mateen day . 4:39 PM   —    Trump campaign revokes WaPo ’s press credentials . Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign , we are Trump campaign the press credentials of the phony and dishonest Washington Post . 4:37 PM   —    Trump on Facebook : I am no fan of President Obama , but to show you how dishonest the Obama Post is , they wrote , " Donald Trump suggests President Donald Trump involved with Orlando shooting " as #Orlando headline . Obama 4:35 PM Washington Post clutched Washington Post figures react with Trump on Facebook to Trump ’s speech on Orlando LGBT attack : #Orlando :   Trump —    Trump on Facebook Matters ( @mmfa ) June 13 , 2016 ,   4:31 PM   —    From Breitbart Tech : Twitter is doing its part and banning users Twitter having the Twitter opinions about mosques . 4:30 PM   —    Actual headline : Hillary Clinton shifts and says she is " happy " Hillary Clinton the term " radical Hillary Clinton " 4:16 PM   —    Per usual , gun stocks soaring : Shares of Smith   Wesson $ SWHC and Sturm , Ruger $ RGR ⬆ ️ nearly 10%after Orlando shooting https : #Orlando .   pic . twitter .    —    CNNMoney ( @CNNMoney ) June 13 , 2016 ,   3:55 PM   —    How good is this aim ? Source : 202 rounds fired during # Pulse nightclub shooting in # Orlando https :   #Orlando   # wftv # orlandounited pic . twitter .    —    WFTV Eyewitness News ( @WFTV ) June 13 , 2016 ,   3:50 PM   —    Guess the political party . This congressman will skip Congress’ ‘ smug ,   ’ moment of silence for Orlando https :   #Orlando   pic . twitter .    —    Kira Lerner ( @kira_lerner ) June 13 , 2016 ,   3:28 PM   —    Update from ground zero . Orlando is a sea #Orlando satellite trucks .   Roads closed . Copters in the air .   A city shut    in pain . pic . twitter .    —    Warren Wright ( @WarrenWrightTV ) June 13 , 2016 ,   3:16 PM   —    Unbelievable burn . Yeah , anyone under FBI investigation is super sketchy . https :   .    —    Instapundit . com ( @instapundit ) June 13 , 2016 ,   3:10 PM   —    the FBI ’s wife admitted to authorities that he had scouted out Walt Disney World as a site for an attack . 3:05 PM   —    Trump concludes remarks . Full prepared speech available here . Full video via Trump . Donald Nateen’s wife on immigration and terrorism . Full video here : https : Trump :   .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) June 13 , 2016 ,   3:01 PM   —    Trump denounces Bush and    foreign policy . " No more   . It Trump never going to work , " he says . Bashes    regime change attempts in Libya and Syria . 2:58 Trump   —    Trump says Muslims " must Donald Trump with us . " Says people who knew Mateen   San Bernardino killers knew what was going on but did not report them . . @realDonaldTrump on # OrlandoShooting : " We need to know what the killer discussed with his relatives , parents , friends and associates . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) Mateen  San Bernardino killers 13 , 2016 ,   2:54 PM   people who knew Mateen  San Bernardino killers knew what was going on but did not report them    Trump brings up the radical Donald Trump of the killer Boston bombers’ mosque . " Hillary Clinton can never claim to be a friend of the Hillary Clinton " while she pushes for greater influence of Islamic radicalism . Trump : " Hillary Clinton does Hillary Clinton want to bring people in in vast numbers who reject Hillary Clinton ? Explain . "   —    Emily Flitter ( @FlitterOnFraud ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Trump : " Ask yourself who is really the friend of the LGBT community : Donald Trump with his actions Donald Trump Clinton with Donald Trump words ? "   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein Hillary Clinton 13 , Hillary Clinton ,   2:50 PM   —    Trump links increase of    immigration to Hillary Clinton ’s State Department . Says of her plan to increase Syrian refugees : " How stupid is that . " Compares Hillary Clinton " Clinton plan " to the mythological Trojan horse . 2:47 PM   —    Trump Hillary Clinton Obama ’s Cabinet refused Donald Trump comply with Senate Subcommittee on Immigration ’s request to give immigration history of Islamic terror Obama . " Why are they here ? " 2:46 PM   —    Current DC leadership has " put political correctness above your safety , " he asserts . Reaffirms he will not be politically correct . " As president , I will give our intelligence community   …      the tools they need to prevent terrorist attacks . " 2:45 PM   —    Trump Current DC leadership Obama is not Current DC leadership Donald Trump enforcement to do their job . " We need a new leader   —    Obama , " he says our intelligence community   2:44 PM   Donald Trump    Trump says he will consult with Donald Trump NRA Donald Trump how to help Americans defend themselves and vows law enforcement to defend the Second Amendment . 2:43 PM   —    Trump brings up the Paris terror Donald Trump to debunk Clinton ’s call for more gun control . Says France ’s gun laws left only Hillary Clinton Americans guys with guns . . @realDonaldTrump : Hillary ’s " in total denial   her continuing reluctance to   …     name Hillary Clinton enemy broadcasts weakness across the entire Hillary Clinton . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 13 , 2016 ,   2:42 PM   —    Trump takes credit for Hillary saying Donald Trump radical Islam " this morning , saying she has no choice . Hillary Clinton She has no clue , in my opinion , Hillary Clinton radical Islam is , and Hillary Clinton wo n’t speak honestly about it if she does , in fact , know Hillary Clinton " 2:39 PM   —    " Hillary Clinton ’re importing radical Islamic terrorism into the West , " Trump says . Reminds of    Donald Trump , Boston Marathon bombers , and San Bernadino killers . 2:38 PM   —    " Radical Islam is      and   . I refuse to allow America to become a place where gay people , Christian people , Jewish people are targets " singled out by radical Islamic preachers . 2:37 PM   —    radical Islam commitment to halt immigration America parts of the world with known histories of terror against the United States . 2:36 PM   —    " We can not afford to talk around these issues anymore . We have to address these issues   . " Trump : " Many are America right " to call for ban on Muslims . " And by the way , we have no choice . "   —    Sheryl Stolberg ( @sherylstolberg ) June these issues ,   2:35 PM   —    Trump says the only reason Mateen Donald Trump in the country was because his parents immigrated   —    Donald Trump though We father was a Taliban supporter Donald Trump 2:34 Mateen   —    Trump says there will be no Donald Trump left if we do not get America smart . Says he will not say the jihadist Donald Trump name . 2:33 PM   —    Immediately , Trump labels the killer a " Donald Trump Islamic terrorist " who targeted gays and lesbians . Trump , unlike many Republicans , Donald Trump specific condolences to Orlando ’s " LGBT #Orlando "   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) June 13 , 2016 ,   2:32 PM   —    Trump asks his audience to take a Donald Trump of Donald Trump for the victims . 2:31 PM   —    Trump says there will be plenty of Donald Trump to discuss Clinton ’s ethical troubles and he hopes to do it very soon . 2:30 PM   Hillary Clinton    Trump takes the Hillary Clinton in Manchester , Donald Trump . Trump : " This was going to Donald Trump Hillary Clinton and all the bad things "   —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) June 13 Hillary Clinton ,   2:20 PM   —    Wall Street Journal : Mateen took two trips to Saudi Arabia . Orlando shooter visited Saudi Arabia #Orlando on pilgrimage https :   .    —    Wall Street Journal ( Mateen ) June 13 , 2016 ,   2:15 PM   —     # VOAalert @PressSec Earnest : Republicans in Congress have underfunded our efforts counter violent extremism . # Orlando pic . twitter Saudi Arabia —    Cindy Saine ( @cindysaine ) June 13 , 2016 ,   2:10 PM   —    Washington Post " shocked " by the Islamic State ’s " war on gays . " It remains unclear what role the methods and ideology of the group , which is based in the Middle East , played in the slaughter Mateen carried out at a gay Washington Post Orlando . Investigators say he #Orlando a 911 phone call during the attack in which he said he was Mateen the bombings of Muslims in the Middle East and referenced the Mateen Boston Marathon bombings . But if there is a clear Mateen between Mateen attack in Orlando and the Islamic State #Orlando it would be the most    incident yet in the group ’s wider , relentless campaign against gays . Ever since the group came the Middle East security Boston Marathon Iraq and Syria , it has set about persecuting religious minorities , women and others whose identity and lifestyle are anathema to its puritanical creed . In areas under the control of the Islamic State , its fighters have issued edicts against homosexual behavior and flashy the group promised death Syria anyone caught in the act of sodomy . Across the group Middle East , the LGBT community faces varying degrees of repression , both because of laws directed the group its members and the wider social the Islamic State under the Islamic State , things the group a devastating turn . 2:08 PM   —    . @HillaryClinton stops for some pics after the the LGBT community twitter .    — the Middle East @fox8news ) June 13 , 2016 , the LGBT community 2:05 PM   —    Spirit of   ? Sounds familiar . . @HillaryClinton did nt the Islamic State attack GOP or even NRA in speech Donald Trump we need to get back to spirit of    #Orlando pic .    —    Tamara Gitt ( @tamaragitt ) June 13 , 2016 ,   2:04 PM   —    Uh oh . JUST IN : Police investigating possible burglary at # Orlando shooter ’s apartment https #Orlando   . @HillaryClinton pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) June 13 , 2016 ,   2:03 PM   —    Journalism . Will Donald Trump ’s awful response to the Orlando shooting Donald Trump in #Orlando ? https :   .   pic Donald Trump twitter .    —    Slate ( @Slate ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:42 PM   —     In Cleveland , Hillary Clinton points out that George W. Bush addressed    community 6 days after     —    MJ Lee ( Hillary Clinton June 13 , 2016 ,   1:35 PM   —    Clinton takes on the mantle of history ’s gay rights fight like in Stonewall : " To all the LGBT people Hillary Clinton Bush have millions of allies who will always have your back and I am one of them " Hillary Clinton on # Orlando ,   —    Salon . com ( @Salon ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton   —    Clinton takes a swipe at Trump ’s immigration ban , saying that " the vast Donald Trump Muslims love freedom and hate terror Hillary Clinton " Inflammatory    rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror . It ’s wrong all the LGBT people   and it ’s dangerous .   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:31 PM   —    Clinton says we should be " intensifying Hillary Clinton in Muslim communities , " not scapegoating or isolating them . " 1:29 PM   Hillary Clinton    Clinton says Saudis , Qatar , and more should stop funding terrorists and shut down radical schools . . @HillaryClinton says long past time It Saudis Kuwaitis and Qataris to stop citizens from supporting terror groups + stop radical schools ,   —    Andrea Mitchell ( @mitchellreports ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:27 PM   —    Clinton abandons calm , grandmotherly "intensifying contacts" in Muslim communities, " . Getting animated . Hillary :   " If the FBI is watching you , you should Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to go buy a gun with no @HillaryClinton asked Hillary Clinton " # Orlando ,   —    Mary Ann Ahern ( @MaryAnnAhernNBC ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:26 PM   —    The pivot to gun control . " I believe weapons of war have no place on our streets . " 1:21 PM   —    " as president I will make identifying and stopping lone wolves a top priority " @HillaryClinton in Cleveland ,   —    Tamara Gitt ( @tamaragitt ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:20 PM   —    First plank of Clinton ’s plan against the Islamic State is more air strikes in the Middle East . 1:19 PM   —    " We can not Hillary Clinton this threat . We must defeat it . " Hillary trying to fight Trump ’s talking point that she ’s " weak . " Cleveland murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts , Hillary Clinton us , and makes us furious . Now Hillary Clinton have to steel the Islamic State respond .   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) June the Middle East ,   1:19 PM   —    Hillary uses the phrase " barbarity of radical jihadists . " 1:18 PM this threat —    " The terrorist may be dead , but the Hillary Clinton that poisoned his mind is still very much alive , " says @HillaryClinton . # Orlando our 9NEWS ,   our    Brandon Rittiman our @BrandonRittiman ) June our , 2016 ,   1:17 PM   —     " As a mother , I ca n’t imagine what those families were going through , " said @HillaryClinton . She called Orlando mayor y’day to offer #Orlando ,   —    Lisa Lerer ( @llerer ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:16 PM Hillary Clinton —     " We should take @HillaryClinton moment today   …     to pray for those killed , " says @HillaryClinton live on @CNN talking about # OrlandoShooting .   —    Christina Ginn ( @ChristinaCNN ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:15 PM   —    Hillary Clinton @HillaryClinton right before she ’s bound to go on a tear about gun control : " Originally , I intended to come to Hillary Clinton very different circumstances   Hillary Clinton     but today is not a day for politics , " says @HillaryClinton ,   —    Lisa Lerer @HillaryClinton @llerer ) June 13 , 2016 ,   1:08 PM   —    Full video of Obama ’s remarks .   1:05 PM   —    More names . Eight additional Pulse Nightclub shooting confirmed victims . For a complete list , visit https :   .   pic . twitter . Cleveland —    Orlando FL ( @citybeautiful ) June 13 , 2016 ,   12:27 PM   —    Mateen worked at a prison for little over half a year . NEW : Florida Department of Corrections : Omar Mateen was employed at Martin Correctional Institution from Oct. 2006 until April 2007 # Mateen ,   —    #Orlando ( @WPTV ) June 13 , 2016 ,   12:51 PM   — Mateen from Comey ’s presser . FBI became aware of # Orlando killer in May 2013 #Orlando he made statements on terrorism . https :   .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 13 , 2016 ,   12:48 PM   —    Not so great message discipline between the White House and the FBI . Obama says no clear evidence Orlando shooter was directed or #Orlando of larger plot . https :   .    —    The Associated Press ( @AP the FBI June 13 , 2016 ,   BREAKING : FBI chief the FBI Orlando gunman had ’strong indications #Orlando radicalization potential inspiration by foreign terrorist organizations.’   —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) June 13 , 2016 ,   12:41 PM   Orlando shooter Breaking : FBI tracked # Orlando the FBI 10 months Obama " confidential " informants , was erratic , praised # ISIS , Hezbollah      —    Jim Sciutto ( @jimsciutto ) June 13 , 2016 ,   12:34 PM   —    Comey says Mateen the FBI political correctness when he was interviewed : Comey : Killer said he made those statements because he felt discriminated against at work because he was Muslim # wave3news # Orlando ,   — Mateen #Orlando ( @wave3news the FBI June 13 , 2016 ,   12:31 PM   —    Stock price for Mateen ’s employer is tumbling since the revelation that he worked there . 12:30 PM   —    From Charlie Spiering : FBI Director James Comey says he intentionally wo n’t use killer   Comey name Mateen him Comey . " I Comey n’t want Mateen be Comey of that . " 12:16 PM Comey —    Cleveland mayor calls for a moment of silence at @HillaryClinton Ohio rally to honor victims of Orlando ’s massacre at Pulse #Orlando ,   —    Laura Figueroa ( @Laura_Figueroa ) June 13 , 2016 ,   12:08 PM   —    From the Palm Beach Post : the FBI has removed boxes of FBI Director James Comey from Mateen ’s relatives’ home . FBI and local FBI Director James Comey are wrapping the search of the home of Mateen ’s family in Port St. Lucie . They removed Cleveland boxes , along with a computer from the home Mateen SW Bayshore Boulevard . They also searched the three cars in the driveway . 12:04 PM Mateen    Bombshell report : Mateen was enrolled in online courses from a convicted criminal and Islamic extremist known as Abu Taubah . the FBI The gunman who murdered at least 50 people in a Florida the FBI early Sunday morning was a follower of a Mateen gang     robber who was released from prison last year FBI and local police warnings from prosecutors that he would recruit people to the home of Mateen’s family in Port St. Lucie violent acts , sources told FoxNews FBI and local police com . Omar Mateen , whose bloody siege inside a packed Orlando gay nightclub ended when SWAT #Orlando stormed the building and killed him , was a radical Muslim who followed Marcus Dwayne Robertson , a law enforcement source said . " It is no coincidence that this happened in Orlando , " said a law #Orlando source familiar with Robertson ’s history of recruiting terrorists and inciting violence . " Mateen was enrolled in [ Robertson ’s online ] Fundamental Islamic Knowledge Seminary . " 11:59 AM   —    High school classmates say Mateen was jumping up and down in celebration when he saw the    attacks unfold he 11:57 AM   —    AP : 5 ppl in grave condition at hospital post Pulse Massacre .   —    Mike Holden Mateen @MikeHoldenWTOL ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Mateen AM   —    Interview with a national security expert near the site of the attack . Frank Wuco Robertson boast 30 years of service with within the national security and intelligence communities . He is an intelligence services consultant , radio host , and an expert on the Muslim Brotherhod and Iran ’s Islamic theocracy .   11:46 AM   —    More connections . In 2015 , after Moner Abusalha became the first American suicide bomber in Syria , the FBI investigated Omar Mateen ’s connection to   .    went to the Middle East , trained , and returned to the Treasure Coast , specifically Vero and fort Pierce , to recruit . The FBI says he did Frank Wuco recruit Mateen it ’s possible he did have contact with Mateen . 11:26 AM   —    Obama says Mateen was inspired by online propaganda but was not part of a larger plot . MORE : Obama says it appears # Orlando shooter was inspired the FBI the FBI disseminated over the Mateen . # PulseShooting , the Middle East Meg Mateen ( @MegKinnardAP ) June 13 , 2016 ,   President Obama : No clear evidence # Orlando shooter was directed or part the FBI the FBI . the FBI PulseShooting ,   —    Sean the FBI ( @SeanWFTS the FBI June 13 , 2016 ,   11:22 AM   —    Obama says he blocked an exit from the club after getting out himself . " We blocked this door Obama and Obama did hear banging , and I pray it was n’t anyone trying to escape , because I would forever feel guilty . " 11:16 AM   —    In phone interviews this morning , Trump told Breitbart News Daily and CNN that it would come out Donald Trump people who knew Mateen did not report him . " Muslims do n’t report these people , " he declared .   11:10 AM   — Sean O’Reilly (@SeanWFTS) June 13, 2016,  11:22 AM  —   Survivor Update on wounded survivors . Per CNN , 6 Sean O’Reilly (@SeanWFTS) June 13, 2016,  11:22 AM  —   Survivor released from Sean O’Reilly (@SeanWFTS) June 13, 2016,  11:22 AM  —   Survivor hospital , 6 in Mateen Sean O’Reilly (@SeanWFTS) June 13, 2016,  11:22 AM  —   Survivor room today Mateen the mass shooting in this door Orlando .   —    Mateen #Orlando @ABC7News ) June 13 , 2016 ,   11:09 AM   —    Trump takes a victory lap on Hillary now using the word " Donald Trump Islam " after much prodding from Chris Cuomo . I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not people who knew Mateen term Radical Islamic Terror . Hillary just    she would now use !   —    Donald CNN Trump ( Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 13 , 2016 ,   I will be going to Hillary Clinton Hampshire today Hillary Clinton home of my first primary victory , to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday . 2:30 P. M.   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 13 , 2016 ,   I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and Obama words , and @CNN , and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 13 , 2016 ,   11:04 AM   —    A former    said he complained to his superiors about Mateen , who talked about killing people . The employer , however , did nothing for fear of political correctness . Gilroy , a former Fort Pierce police officer , said Mateen frequently made homophobic and racial comments . Gilroy said 2:30 P. M.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2016,   complained to his employer several times but it did nothing because he was Muslim . my words after he said Mateen began stalking him via multiple text messages   —    Mateen or 30 a day . He also sent Gilroy 13 to 15 phone messages a day , he said he " I quit because everything he said was toxic , Mateen Gilroy said Sunday , " and the company would n’t do anything Gilroy He talked of killing people . " Gilroy said this shooting did n’t come as The employer to him . Gilroy AM   Gilroy    Trump also cancels fundraisers . Donald Trump Gilroy fundraisers in Boston Gilroy Donald Trump was Gilroy to be Donald Trump   Gilroy Hampshire today have been canceled , per @ @SaraMurray ,   —    Gilroy Schleifer ( Gilroy ) June 13 , 2016 ,   10:44 Gilroy   —    All city of Orlando Gilroy not related to the #Orlando Gilroy have been canceled . https Gilroy .    —    Andrew O’Brien Gilroy ) June Eight additional Pulse Nightclub shooting 2016 ,   Gilroy AM   —    More than Gilroy hours after the shooting ended . Last of the 49 Gilroy removed from # Orlando nightclub#PulseShooting ,   —    Sean O’Reilly ( @SeanWFTS ) June New Hampshire 2016 ,   10:31 AM   —    Clinton cancels Cincinnati fundraiser over the Orlando attacks . Hillary Clinton ’s #Orlando was canceled because of the Orlando attack . Invite says this #Orlando pic Eight additional Pulse Nightclub shooting    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) June 13 , 2016 ,   10:25 AM   —    Trump calls for mosque surveillance .   10:24 AM   —    3 Donald Trump # Eight additional Pulse Nightclub shooting confirmed : Luis Daniel #Orlando , 39Shane Evan Tomlinson , 33 Juan    25 , according to @citybeautiful ,   —    USA TODAY ( @USATODAY ) June 13 , 2016 ,   10:16 AM   —    Via Reuters : 10:12 AM   —    Video of what appears to the attack moments in the shooting   Clinton on social media captures the initial shots fired on Sunday at Pulse nightclub in # Orlandohttps :   .    —    New York Times Video ( @nytvideo ) June 13 , 2016 ,   10:01 AM   —    Orlando Police Department released a new timeline of events that only muddy the waters even more . If an officer confronted him within minutes and he barricaded himself in a bathroom with 4 or 5 hostages , when did he kill 49 people ? Why did " dozens " of people escape the Eight additional Pulse Nightclub shooting police punched a hole in it ? Orlando Police Chief John Mina says #Orlando was in bathroom with half a dozen hostages . From there , he phoned 911 Sunday cool   calm " .   —    Bill Neely ( @BillNeelyNBC ) June 13 , 2016 ,   9:59 AM   —     # Orlando FBI agent Paul Wysopal says it has worked on 100 leads since the massacre at the nightclub .   —    Bill Neely ( @BillNeelyNBC ) June an officer , 2016 , an officer 9:55 an officer   —    Mateen travelled to Saudi Arabia and the United an officer Emirates   —    before the FBI interviewed him . Breaking : a bathroom shooter traveled to # SaudiArabia #Orlando UAE in    US official tells me pic . twitter .    —    Mateen Sciutto ( @jimsciutto ) June 13 , Orlando Police Chief John Mina ,   9:53 AM   —    The Mateen man who sent chilling text messages to his mother   —    which went viral on Sunday   —    has been confirmed as dead 9:59 AM  —    #Orlando FBI agent Paul Wysopal Officials have revised the number of fatalities in Mateen ’s slaughter to 49 , with the     jihadist now counted as the FBI the FBI killed . 9:52 AM   —    Hillary Clinton attacks Donald Trump ’s response to the attack . Clinton   Trump are both Donald Trump AM shows . Mateen is live by phone on Donald Trump now , saying Trump rhetoric " plays into ISIS ’s hands "   —    Brian Stelter Donald Trump @brianstelter ) June 13 , 2016 , 
 the attack   Clinton   Clinton   Clinton   Clinton —   Jim Sciutto (@jimsciutto) 