  ( CNN ) Welcome to Donald Trump ’s America . In the aftermath of Donald Trump’s America improbable victory and on the cusp of a presidency fueled by a movement that could signal a generational realignment in American politics , American emerges deeply divided     and with so many feeling that there are further reckonings to come . As sure as the last 16 months put a relentless focus on the candidates , the 2016 election also held up a mirror to society at large . For all his idiosyncrasies , Trump had one thing very much in common with other outsized cultural figures : the ability to provoke and elicit emphatic , emotional reactions to his his utterance . In awarding Trump Trump , Americans revealed themselves . Americans are a few things we learned . 1 . The U. S. is part of the global community , like it or The U. S.   When Trump called Trump " Mr. Brexit , " too many of us laughed we But whether or not he truly himself his triumph himself     reporting suggests even his closest himself were surprised     the reality is that a rising tide of resurgent nationalism from Western Europe , triggered in part by economic stagnation , has reached our shores . It was apparent throughout the campaign . British right wing leader Nigel Farage campaigned in the US and his ideological British right wing leader Nigel Farage in France , Germany , Hungary and Greece all applauded the election results .   So when the electoral wave crashed on Tuesday , it delivered the electoral wave new    and , perhaps more instructively , a lesson that this country is as susceptible to the broader sweep of history as any other . It was an unprecedented ending to a familiar story . In the 1930s , Father Coughlin and Charles Lindbergh peddled the    extremism and xenophobia that was metastasizing overseas . George Wallace turned backlash to the Civil Rights movement into political profit in the 1960s . Decades later , Trump seized on the anger of a troubled electorate , telling them as Decades accepted George Wallace Republican presidential nomination , " I alone can fix it . the Republican presidential nomination On Tuesday , tens of millions of voters decided to give him the Trump . 2 . Our politics are messier than we thought Our Left and right , red and blue     some of our most Our understandings about American political life were smashed by Trump and his winning Trump . In viewing the election through the usual prism , with many analysts mourning about the absence of " serious " issues , we largely missed out on one of the most elemental debates in modern political history .     This campaign his winning campaign with serious , sweeping clashes over the future . Americans wrestled for nearly two years over how they envisioned our Americans as it moves deeper his winning campaign the 21st century . Whites , in particular , were asked to contend with an ebbing majority . From Trump , we learned that on this new , high stakes table , the transgressions that sunk so many past political hopefuls have lost their perceived currency the transgressions that sunk so many past political hopefuls   He showed us Trump over we again , breaking taboos gutting sacred cows at a breakneck pace . He told Republicans Trump President George W. Bush did not " keep us safe , we as Jeb Bush insisted President George W. Bush , though his lie about opposing President George W. Bush was quickly exposed , he argued openly that President George W. Bush Iraq in 2003 was a terrible mistake . On abortion ? Trump hemmed and hawed . On entitlement reforms ? Nope ! Trump dumped on Paul Trump , not for the last time , when he pledged not to Trump with social security or Medicare . Often though , his conservative heresies and Trump to policy norms were conflated with darker claims , which regularly took the form of attacks on broader cultural standards . As his primary rivals fell Trump the wayside , Trump racked up higher Trump of support     breaking any supposed " ceiling . " By Election Day , he had alienated and Trump most of the establishment leaders in his party . It Trump n’t matter . Politics are messy . It ’s a deeply It business . No one is promised anything and if voters do n’t believe that candidates or officials or party bigwigs have their back in a voters way , the facade of deference will fall away     and fast . 3 . We do n’t know one another well , In the weeks ahead of Election Day , Trump allies and staff insisted that their candidate would be Trump allies and staff by " hidden " and " undercover " voters . For reporters who spent the better part of two years traveling the country , meeting with Trump supporters at campaign Trump and often in more private settings , the argument felt like weak spin . This was not a shy group . To Americans who viewed Trump primarily in the Trump of televised rallies , the idea of his laying claim to Trump " silent " majority seemed to border on the absurd . But the misunderstanding runs much deeper     and traces back much further . Whether or not Trump supporters actually feared Trump their loyalties with pollsters Trump supporters or even friends and family     the fact remains : division in America , in 2016 , is not limited to simple policy disagreements .   Social media is the easy scapegoat . The loudest voices prevail . People retreat into    bubbles . We know this . Americans have insulated themselves from their neighbors’ Americans for Americans of years     from the partisan press to cable news , in gated communities and through decades of diminished civic engagement . After President Obama first took office in 2009 , his new attorney general President Obama Eric Holder , called us a " nation of cowards . " Holder was talking about race relations , and while he conceded that the Holder was common fodder in    political debate , " we , average Americans , simply do not talk enough with each other about race . "   As the Trump presidency approaches , it ’s hard not to think of all things that make headlines , but not conversation . 4 . By choice or by design , millions of Americans never cast a vote    More than 80 million people watched the first presidential debate between Clinton and Trump . Add in the millions who viewed it online and at bars or parties , and the number might have reached nine digits . And yet , when the time came for choosing , turnout at the polls was unimpressive     its lowest since 1996 the polls An estimated 55 % of voting age Americans cast a ballot in 2016 . Though some tabulations have yet to come in , that ’s nearly 10 points lower than in 2008 , a deficit of approximately 18 million votes . Trump ’s total was not only less than Clinton ’s , but looks like a    low for election winners . How is it possible ? To start , a number of states made it more difficult to vote or vote early . In North Carolina , where the state legislature openly sought ways to drive down minority turnout , raw totals crept up a bit from 2012 but basically flatlined as a percentage of the voting population .    In October , a Trump campaign official told Bloomberg that operatives had made " voter suppression " a focus of their    efforts , operatives    ads to target Clinton ’s base . The goal was not win them over but to operatives had made "voter suppression" a focus of their   efforts, using online ads to target Clinton’s base them home on Election operatives had made "voter suppression" a focus of their   efforts, using online ads to target Clinton’s base . But as many progressive activists and liberals will tell you     along with a growing number of establishment Democrats     Clinton too made some fundamental miscalculations . Her campaign failed to    Clinton the coalition that twice delivered Obama resounding electoral victories . African Americans did not turnout for her in the same    Clinton as for the president , and Obama ultimately broke for Trump . The siren song of change , which had inspired so many Democrats to the polls in 2008 and 2012 , played on 2016 , but this time its tune drew a different this time . In the final telling , this historic and deeply consequential election might be remembered as much for those who voted as those who did not     by choice or design . And in their silence , they spoke those who voted as those who did not    by choice or design . 5 those who voted as those who did not    by choice or design We ’re not in a ’   era’     but it ’s on the horizon this time Trump will enter the White House as one of the most prolific prevaricators in American political history .    routinely called out his unending stream of distortions Trump falsehoods and bogus provocations . In most cases , their work should n’t have most cases necessary . But Trump made an art of Trump .   He assailed entire races and Trump groups , then turned around and said they loved him . When entire races and ethnic groups backlash Trump to a point of concern ? Trump denied Trump ever happened . But the most prevalent defense , at least at the start , was that Trump simply Trump told it like it is . " If it could n’t deal with that , then the onus was on you . By the time he introduced Trump plan Trump ban Muslim immigration into the US the US December , the Trump train had left the station Trump Trump that night told a certain Trump of people a particular thing they desperately wanted to hear     a certain group of people it was not their fault , that complex issues a certain group of people a simple problem . And that it would cost them next to nothing to have a certain group of people fix it . 6 . Social media it trump big donor money , When the early GOP favorites were    for big donors’ affections and Clinton was filling her own Clinton chest , Clinton candidates were busy building something else : movements . And they did it , primarily , two candidates social media . Bernie Sanders supporters organized around a now famous hashtag , # feelthebern , and made use of forums and tools like reddit , WhatsApp and Slack to bring the grassroots together . Meanwhile , Trump ’s Trump emerged as the Trump ’s most potent communications platform   —    more influential than Jeb Bush ’s Super Pac " shock and awe " millions or anything the Koch Brothers’ could offer , or threaten to withhold . " The fact that I have such power in terms of numbers with Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , et cetera , I think it helped me win all of these races where ( my opponents were ) spending much more money than I spent , " the    said in a    interview with 60 Minutes . " I think that social media has more power than the money they spent , and I think maybe social media a certain extent , I proved that . " The influence of money in politics remains very real , especially as you look further down the ballot , but in the presidential and national political game , the traditional powers must now contend with a new reality   —    that simply engaging online and via social networks is not enough . In the coming years , winning candidates and movements will need to make persuasive ,    cases to voters . The asymmetric tactics of 2016 ’s big winners could soon be the norm . 7 . The fundamentals of US democratic pluralism are strong     but not invulnerable , He refused to say he would accept The fundamentals of US democratic pluralism results of the The fundamentals of US democratic pluralism even his own campaign expected him to lose The fundamentals of US democratic pluralism He told his The fundamentals of US democratic pluralism the vote would The fundamentals of US democratic pluralism rigged The fundamentals of US democratic pluralism urged them to " go down to certain his supporters " in Pennsylvania to keep an eye on voters . And that was Trump ’s idea Trump . More often Trump the Republican presidential nominee openly dismissed any pretense of respect for some very basic pluralistic ideals . Mexicans were " rapists " and Muslims were n’t doing enough to police the    terrorists in their communities . He attacked women in sexist Mexicans and strained to condemn    behavior by his more radical supporters . It was jarring He but in the final account , instructive . Trump voters Trump’s Twitter account as some opponents would suggest , a band of racists . But to vote for him , one had to look past the elements of He , misogyny and Islamophobia that flared up in his campaign . Trump largely dispensed with the traditional dog He of the right . For most of the campaign , he seemed to revel in a kind his campaign and He . " Political correctness " and " identity politics " were profanities , not complex questions about how we speak to one another . This feeds into the big question that confronts us now     and the next lesson to be learned . If political campaigns are the enemy of nuance , then governing must be its friend . Trump has signaled an Trump in forging unity from historic division . Now is his chance .   Trump he take it ? Trump 