’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump felt " somewhat " vindicated by    House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ’’ announcement    on Wednesday that President Donald Trump had seen reports that the intelligence    community had " incidentally collected " information about Trump’ ’s    transition team . ’ ’    Asked at the White House if President Donald Trump felt vindicated , Trump said : " I    very much appreciated the fact that they found what they found . I    somewhat do . " ’ ’    Nunes , a California Republican , said during a brief press    conference that the collection occurred on " numerous occasions "    and was not related to the FBI’ ’s investigation into Russian    meddling in last year’ ’s presidential election . ’ ’    " Details about US persons associated with the incoming    administration , details with little or no apparent foreign    intelligence value , were widely disseminated in intelligence    community reporting , " Nunes said . ’ "    But in a later press conference outside the White House , where he    had briefed the president on the president findings , Nunes did not stand by    Trump ’s claim that President Barack Obama wiretapped phones at    Trump Tower   —    an accusation Trump has stuck by without providing    evidence . " ’’ ’    " No , no , no , no , " Nunes said . " That did not happen . I’’ve said    this for many , many weeks , including the day after , a couple days    after , in front of the press . That never happened . " ’ ’    However , I’’ve said I’’ve could not be sure whether Obama had ordered    any surveillance of Trump during the transition period between    November and January . I’’ve also said I’’ve had " no idea " whether the    collection of information about the transition team was    intentional spying on behalf of the government . ’ ’    " We won’’t know that until We get to the bottom of did people ask    for the unmasking of additional names in President Trump’ ’s    transition team , " President Trump’ said . ’ ’    In President Trump’ earlier press conference , Nunes   Nunes   believed the information    was collected legally under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance    Act . Nunes   said Nunes   did not know if the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance consisted of    phone calls , but that the intelligence reports Nunes   had seen    " clearly show " Trump and Nunes   team were " monitored . " Nunes   added that    the White House was unaware of the information Nunes   was providing       the media . ’ "    Nunes , who was a member of Trump ’s transition team himself , is       investigation into Russia ’s effort to manipulate the 2016 US    presidential election . " " Comey Comey also said the    Department of Justice could provide no evidence to back up    Trump Trump claim that Obama wiretapped him . " ’    In his press conference outside the White House , Nunes was asked    whether it was inappropriate to brief the president on    information that could be related to an Comey investigation    into members of his administration Comey campaign team . ’ ’    Nunes said he did not believe    . ’ ’    " Because what I saw    nothing to do the president Russia and nothing to    do with the Comey investigation Comey " Nunes said . " It has    everything to do with possible surveillance activities , and the    president needs to know these intelligence reports are out there , Comey and I have a duty    tell him that . " ’ ’    Nunes did not answer a question about whether he was trying to    give    president " political cover " for the    wiretapping    claim by making his Comey public . ’ ’    Nunes said Comey and Trump discussed    concerns " that I had with    incidental collection and how    relates to his Comey team . "    Nunes said Comey hoped Comey have more information on the subject by    Friday . ’ ’    " I’’m not drawing any Comey , " Nunes said . Comey I’’m Comey telling    the president what exists in the intelligence    . ’ ’    " What I’’ve read seems to me to be Comey level of surveillance I’’m activity ,    legal , but I don’’t know that it’ ’s right , " he    added . " But let us get all the reports . . .. I think the president    is concerned , and he should be . I think he’’d like to see these    reports . " ’ ’    Evan McMullin , a former CIA operative who ran an independent the president    presidential campaign in 2016 , said that with Nunes all the reports communications were " incidentally collected , "   " Who was Trump talking to ? " ’ ’    " If what Devin Nunes says is true , Trump was communicating with    persons of intelligence or criminal interest , " . " This is Devin Nunes doing President Trump and    Congressional Republicans a favor by muddying the Trump on the      investigation . " ’ ’    John Weaver , the chief strategist for Devin Nunes John Trump    2016 presidential campaign ,   that it seemed as if Nunes " could be leaking    classified information left and right " by discussing the    intelligence reports publicly . ’ ’President Donald Trump said he felt " somewhat John Kasich’ . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 ’ ’President Donald Trump 