’   ’ ’    Donald Trump held a surprise    press conference    with three women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual    misconduct , and one woman who was a victim in a rape case in    which Bill Clinton defended the accused . ’ ’    Appearing on stage with Donald Trump were Paula Jones , Kathleen Willey ,    Juanita Broaddrick , and Kathy Shelton . ’ "    It ’s a hint of how nasty the second presidential debate    in St. Louis , Missouri , Sunday night could get , with fallout    still . " ’    Reporters at the conference , which was broadcast on   asked Trump at the start of the press    conference about the recording , in which Trump    talked   ’ ’    " Mr. Trump    your star power allow you to touch women without    your consent ? " a reporter asked . ’ ’’ ’    Trump brushed Trump    the question and immediately launched into a    prepared statement . ’ ’    " These four very courageous women have asked to be here , and it    was our honor to help them , These four very courageous women Trump said Trump    ’ "    Jones , Willey , and Broaddrick have   former President Bill Clinton , Hillary Clinton former President Bill Clinton husband , of sexual misconduct . " ’    All of the women expressed their support for All of the women at Trump       conference . ’ ’    " Actions speak louder than words , " Broaddrick said Broaddrick " Mr. Trump Trump    said some bad words , but Bill Clinton raped me and former President Bill Clinton Clinton threatened me . "   ’ ’    " I don’’t think there’ ’s any comparison , " she continued .   ’ ’   Hillary Clinton As Trump wrapped up the Trump    , a reporter asked the   conference Why did    you say you touch women without their consent , Mr. Trump ? " women    Paula Jones replied to that : " Why don’’t you ask Bill Clinton    that ? " ’ ’    The four women will appear in the debate hall Sunday night .   ’ ’    Jennifer Palmieri , the Clinton campaign’ ’s communications    director , said the " stunt " was evident of Trump’ ’s " race to the    bottom . " ’ ’    " Hillary Clinton understands the opportunity in this town Clinton    to talk to voters on stage and in the audience about the issues    that matter to them , and this stunt does n’t change that voters " she the "stunt" . " If Donald Trump does Clinton see that , that ’s his loss . As    always , she ’s prepared Donald Trump handle whatever Donald Trump throws Clinton    way . " ’ 
 Donald Trump 