Washington ( CNN ) Top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway has apologized for citing a fake " massacre " in support of Donald Trump ’s travel ban , in an interview on CNN in which Top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway acknowledged that not all of the mainstream media can fairly be characterized as " fake news " . Top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said " regretted tremendously " shaming the press for not covering the " Bowling Green massacre " an event that did not happen , when Top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway was defending Donald Trump’s immigration crackdown . During a    appearance on " The Lead with Jake Tapper " Tuesday , Top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway criticized the media for sloppy reporting . But Top White House adviser Kellyanne Conway conceded that it was unfair to label CNN as " fake news "     as Trump has done previously . " I do n’t think CNN CNN ’fake news.’ I think there are some reports everywhere , in print , on TV , on radio , in conversation , that are not    and are sometimes based on falsehoods , " Conway said . Trump Trump continually slammed major media organizations , including The New York Times and The Washington Post , as well as CNN CNN as " fake news . " Conway Conway she Conway " trying to reach out " to the media and " put out the olive branch . " At one point , Conway Conway to argue that the President offering blatant falsehoods as truth should matter less than his Conway accomplishments . " Are they ( falsehoods ) more important than the many things that he Conway that are true that are making a difference in people ’s lives ? " Conway Conway . Facts and falsehoods , Tapper asked Conway Conway some of Trump ’s false claims , including his Conway earlier Tuesday that the murder rate was at the highest point in 47 years     which is wrong . " Everyday there are these sprays of attack and sprays of falsehoods coming from the White House . It would be better if they were not coming from the the White House for me and for you , " Tapper said , adding that it inhibits news organizations’ ability to focus solely on policy . Trump faults media while lying about murder rate , " Agreed , and let me just say it has to go both ways . I do , Jake , I sincerely do n’t see a lot of difference in coverage from when he was a Jake and when he became the Jake nominee , the    and , indeed the President , " Conway said .    Conway also apologized Conway shaming the press for not covering the " Bowling Green Massacre , " an incident which did not occur . " I regretted it tremendously , " Conway said . Conway I felt really badly about that . "   Terrorism coverage , Tapper asked Conway to grapple Conway the President ’s claim on Monday that the press does the press terrorism and has an unstated reason for doing so . On Monday , the White Monday released a list of 78 attacks saying : " Most of these attacks did not receive adequate attention from Western media sources . " The list included many a list of 78 attacks saying: "Most of these attacks did not receive adequate attention from Western media sources extensively by CNN and other news outlets . Conway conceded that many of the attacks were indeed covered these attacks   " Obviously , the very sad incidents that you ’ve related . .. frankly , CNN did amazing coverage for weeks CNN a time , " Conway said . But she said Conway attacks were n’t Conway enough relative to Trump ’s candidacy or the death of the singer Prince and alleged claims that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Trump ’s 2016 rival , treated Trump’s lightly . Tapper responded : " Facts are stubborn things , and to say that we ’re not reporting something that happens not to be true     therefore we ’re not to be trusted     we ’s a problem . " " I ’m among , if not the most open press person in the White House . .. I ’m now being attacked by the media ’m " Conway said . " I ’m just going to keep soldiering on ’m " On the point of attacks Trump himself has ignored , Tapper asked about a recent shooting in Quebec , where a man stands accused of murdering Muslims . Trump did not issue a tweet or Trump himself public statement in response to the event .   " I know he ’s sympathetic to any loss of Trump himself , " Conway said . " I will ask him . He does n’t tweet about Trump himself . Trump himself Putin and policy , As Tapper pointed out , Trump ’s falsehoods and attacks on the Trump himself dominated much of the coverage of the President , clouding out some potential policy Putin   However , the two did manage to speak about governing at the beginning of the interview . The White House adviser said she was glad the Senate had confirmed Betsy DeVos The White House adviser education secretary earlier in the day . While acknowledging she respected the concerns of the two dissenting Republican The White House adviser in the Senate , she praised DeVos and indicated the the Senate education The White House adviser would help Betsy DeVos follow through on his education promises . " He wants to repeal Common the newly minted education secretary , " Conway said the newly minted education secretary adding that public education " does n’t the newly minted education secretary for everyone . "   The interview also generated a response from Conway about Trump ’s most recent comments on Russia , the newly minted education secretary an Trump that aired before the Super Bowl , Trump seemed to defend Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s human Trump abuses , saying , " You think our country ’s so innocent ? " The comment generated Russia of criticism from people who said Trump was brushing off crimes like occupying the territory of Trump countries , violently crushing dissent and propping up despots . " A lot of this stems from the fact that there just seems to be charge and accusation after charge and accusation that somehow President Trump and Vladimir Putin are BFFs . That is not Trump . Conway said she did not think Trump was drawing a moral equivalence between the US Conway Russia Conway adding , " He was thinking about the war in Iraq , and in that regard , I Trump people should make the judgment for themselves . " 
 people 