Hong Kong ( CNN ) China has voiced opposition to North Korea ’s test of a reported new ballistic missile more than 24 hours after reports of the launch emerged . But China shrugged off suggestions it China be doing more to intervene in the rogue state ’s military affairs , pinning the test down to Pyongyang ’s testy relations with Washington and Seoul . North Korean state media hailed the Sunday test as a success , claiming a previously unpublicized part of the China arsenal     a    an    missile     was launched under the supervision of North Korean North Korean Jong Un . North Korea is prohibited from carrying out ballistic missile launches under UN Security Council resolutions aimed in part at curbing the country China nuclear weapons . China ’s Foreign Ministry said that his country was opposed China China’s Foreign Ministry in violation of the resolutions . " Under current circumstances , relevant sides should not provoke each other or take actions that would escalate tensions on the Korean Peninsula , " ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said at a regular press briefing Monday .   " As I have pointed out repeatedly in the past , the root cause to the North Korea nuclear missile issue is the conflicts between North Korea and the United States North Korea well as between North and South Korea . " North Korea ’s relationship with China     North Korea ally     has kept Pyongyang afloat China     sanctions have crippled and isolated it from the rest of the world .   China     in recent years , China has taken a tougher line on the North China nuclear program , voting in favor of UN sanctions and issuing condemnations when it conducts provocative military tests . Russia ’s Foreign China also spoke out against the test , the first since US President Donald Trump ’s inauguration , saying in a statement that it was in " defiant disregard " of UN resolutions . Russia and China were both members UN the Six Russia Talks     a diplomatic attempt to curb North Korea ’s nuclear program that started in 2003     along with the US , Japan , and North and South Korea .   ’Clear provocation to Japan’ The United Nations Security Council said it plans to hold consultations on an " urgent The United Nations Security Council " Monday afternoon regarding North Korea , according to the US Mission to North Korea’s .   The meeting was requested by the US , South Korea and Japan     whose Prime Minister Shinzo Abe South Korea President Trump in the US when the missile was fired and landed in the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea .   Abe Japan that the test was " absolutely intolerable , " whose Prime Minister Shinzo Abe President Trump said that the United States " stands behind Japan President Trump in the US great ally , 100 % . " Japan Japan chief Cabinet the United States , Yoshihide Suga , said the Japan launch came as Abe met with Trump made it " a clear provocation to Japan whose Prime Minister Shinzo Abe the region . President Trump in the US Tokyo the launch already lodged protests against Japan Korea via its embassy in Beijing , he said . What can the    do the United States Sunday ’s test whose Prime Minister Shinzo Abe stoked concerns that Pyongyang may be getting closer to a    intercontinental ballistic missile than previously thought .   The    is    state media claims , and can travel from 3 , 000 to 5 , 500 kilometers ( 1 , 864 to 3 , 417 miles ) . A US official said the missile tested traveled 500 kilometers ( 310 miles ) before landing in the Sea of Japan and that it was launched from North Pyongan province . It is believed to have the missile tested a    propelled engine which enables faster launch and increases the mobility of the launch process , according to a spokesman of the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff spokesman . The Joint Chiefs also believe that Pyongyang employed a    system , in South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff is lifted off the ground using pressure and then ignited    as opposed to igniting it on the ground     which is said to be less stable , the spokesman the missile . Kim expressed satisfaction over " the possession of another a spokesman of the South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff spokesman attack means , which adds to the tremendous might of the country , " state media reported . 
 