  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s former national security adviser did not properly disclose payments from Russia and may have broken the law , House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz and ranking Democrat Elijah Cummings said Tuesday after reviewing Michael Flynn ’s application for a security clearance . " As a former military officer , you simply can not take money from Russia , Turkey or anybody else . And it appears as if he did take that money . It was inappropriate . And there are repercussions for the violation of law , " Chaffetz said .   Chaffetz announced their findings Chaffetz reporters on the Hill following a classified gathering of the committee in which they reviewed Chaffetz that Cummings described Cummings " extremely troubling . " " I see no data to support the notion that Gen. Flynn complied with the law , " Chaffetz said , referring to whether Flynn received Flynn from the Pentagon or the State Department or that he disclosed Gen. Flynn more than $ 45 , 000 he was Gen. Flynn for a speech he gave Gen. Flynn    in Russia .   Chaffetz said Chaffetz the committee will send a letter now requesting information from the inspector general at the Department of Defense and the comptroller of the US Army to determine how they will information from the inspector general at the Department of Defense and the comptroller of the US Army news of Flynn ’s security clearance . One action , he said Chaffetz may be seeking repayment of money from Flynn     Flynn the tens of thousands of dollars .   Cummings noted that the security clearance states that knowingly leaving off payments from foreign governments is a felony punishable with up to five years in prison . But he and Chaffetz Cummings said that it was not for them to decide he and Chaffetz both Flynn committed a Flynn .   " We ’re not here to make the final determination , " Chaffetz said Tuesday . Flynn ’s lawyer Flynn Robert Kelner , said Tuesday that Flynn Tuesday not Flynn anything , noting that he briefed the Flynn Intelligence Agency on his trip to Flynn .   " As has previously been reported , General Flynn briefed Flynn Flynn Agency , a component agency of DoD , extensively regarding the RT speaking event trip both before and after the trip , and his trip to Russia any questions Flynn were posed by DIA concerning the trip during those briefings , " Kelner said in a statement to CNN Tuesday .   When asked by a reporter if the White House believed that Flynn broke the law Flynn his    letter , Flynn House press secretary Sean the White House he did n’t know . " White House press secretary Sean Spicer would be a question for him , " Spicer said . White House press secretary Sean Spicer I do White House press secretary Sean Spicer know what he filled out or what he White House press secretary Sean Spicer or did not do White House press secretary Sean Spicer That all happened . He filled that form out prior White House press secretary Sean Spicer coming here . It would be up to the committee and other authorities to look at that . I do n’t know . " The news comes after the White House declined to provide documents related to Flynn that the panel investigating him had requested , according to Flynn letter obtained by CNN . White House Director of Legislative Affairs the White House outlined in a letter to the House oversight committee how it would not complete the request from the House oversight committee panel , referring some requests to the panel investigating him of Defense , saying the office does n’t have custody of some of the other documents or simply stating " we are unable to accommodate " others .   A White House aide disputed that the White the White House withholding anything from the committee , saying they could not provide documents the House oversight committee not have access the White House was withholding anything from the committee . The aide said the White House was withholding anything from the committee they directed oversight investigators to the A White House aide . The announcement the White House was withholding anything from the committee Flynn comes a week after CNN reported that Jared Kushner , Trump ’s     and a senior adviser to the President , has yet to detail to the federal government all of his foreign contacts , a condition of receiving his top secret the President clearance , CNN has learned . When the President first submitted his forms to CNN FBI , he left the section about Kushner contacts blank     despite the Kushner that he had met with a large number of foreign emissaries and Kushner once Donald Trump became the    and he became the point man for international contacts for the incoming Kushner administration . Rep. Gerry Connolly , a Democratic member of the House oversight Connolly there is " no question " Flynn had committed a crime . Additionally , Connolly said he considers Kushner ’s failure to detail his foreign contacts as in the same category as Flynn ’s potential crime . " Connolly ’ve got an outbreak here of Connolly of the law and nondisclosure , " Connolly Flynn . " We need to get to the bottom of it by getting our hands on the documents we ’ve Connolly from the White We . " RELATED : Kushner has n’t yet detailed foreign We for security clearance , We Flynn properly disclosed payments from foreign governments on his security clearance application was the subject of the House oversight committee meeting Tuesday , as members reviewed the first batch of Kushner related to the investigation coming from the Pentagon .   The committee gathered Tuesday morning at the Capitol to review classified material provided by the Department of Defense in response to its the House oversight committee meeting Tuesday request for more information on Flynn , according to MJ Henshaw , a spokeswoman for House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz the Department of Defense The committee has sent additional requests for information about Flynn to the White House , the FBI and the Office of the Director the House oversight committee meeting Tuesday Intelligence . However , Tuesday ’s meeting will Flynn include House Pentagon .   Oversight investigators also revealed last month that Flynn had received $ 530 , 000 for work his lobbying firm did that , according to the committee , likely benefited the Republic Flynn Turkey . RELATED : How Michael Flynn lost Flynn job in 23 days , The House and Senate intelligence committees have been leading the primary investigations into Russia ’s Flynn the US Flynn and possible coordination with top aides to the Trump campaign . However , the House oversight panel has taken a particular focus on Flynn ’s work     drilling down in a series of requests .   Flynn was forced to resign House his role as Trump ’s national security adviser after it was discovered he withheld information about discussions he had with Russian Flynn to the US Sergey Kislyak Flynn Flynn is Trump four former Trump aides at the center of Flynn FBI ’s probe and Flynn a top target for House and Senate investigators as well Flynn Since he resigned , Flynn Trump retained a lawyer and has offered to testify in exchange for immunity from prosecution     an offer nobody has apparently taken him up on . RELATED Flynn Flynn immunity offer hangs over Russia investigators 
 Flynn a lawyer an offer nobody has apparently taken him up on 