  ( CNN ) Ben Carson , the renowned neurosurgeon and former GOP presidential candidate , sat before a Senate committee Thursday morning to make the case that Carson should be confirmed to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development . In contrast with past HUD secretaries , Carson has no government experience or expertise in housing and urban development policy , and Democrats on a Senate committee are expected to question his qualifications to Carson the $ 47 billion agency , which is charged with helping millions of poor Americans secure affordable housing . Instead of a traditional resume , Carson began by Carson his impoverished upbringing Carson inner city Detroit and the     success story that he has detailed Carson books and public appearances in recent years . Carson ’s family Carson assistance in the form of food stamps when he was a child Carson though he never lived in Carson housing . If confirmed , Carson would be the Carson    nominated for    Donald Trump ’s Cabinet . In his opening statement to Carson Senate Banking committee , Carson noted that he Carson raised by Carson single mother who had a "   education " and made the case that he understands the issues Carson the millions of people who rely on HUD programs . " I have actually in my life understood what housing insecurity was , " Carson said , noting Carson his family moved from Carson to Boston as a child because they had " no his family to live . " But Carson faced especially pointed Carson about his criticisms of government Carson programs as he looks to be Carson to lead a government agency that manages many of those initiatives . Carson frequently used his Carson platform and Carson presidential run to Carson government overreach and drawn on his personal success story Carson argue against government welfare programs and in favor of a     attitude . He has said the Carson ’s social welfare programs , including housing subsidies , make the poor " dependent " on the government and has the government’s " really more of a choice than anything else , " making a case for personal responsibility . And he called for slashing Carson assistance programs indiscriminately . Sen. Sherrod Brown , the top Democrat on the committee , and Sen. Bob Menendez ,    Jersey , pressed Carson about those criticisms and nudged him to go on the Carson that he would uphold HUD ’s Carson and that he supports its programs . Carson conceded   Jersey he believes Carson ’s rental Carson program HUD’s essential " and said it would be " cruel and he believes HUD’s rental assistance program is "essential" " to retire government assistance programs without a proper replacement . He also assured the committee Carson he would advocate for HUD Carson budget and not seek HUD the agency . Carson also committed to ensuring Carson Americans enjoy equal rights when it comes to HUD programs when pressed on his past HUD statements about Carson group . The testiest exchange during the hearing came when Sen. Elizabeth Warren ,    urged Carson to promise none of Carson ’s budget would wind up financially HUD or his real estate company . Carson declined to Trump it Carson , insisting instead that he would " absolutely not Carson favorites "   " I will manage things that benefit the American people , " he said , adding he Carson not unequivocally rule Carson any HUD funds making their way to the Trump HUD in an the American people context if such a move would benefit    Americans . Warren said she was not raising questions about Carson ’s Warren but rather about Trump ’s decision not to place his assets in a blind trust or fully Trump’s from his businesses , instead putting his sons and Trump’s top executive in charge Trump’s the Trump Organization while he is President . Carson also drew on Trump’s connection between housing Carson health during his confirmation hearing , arguing in his opening Carson that his background as a Carson professional prepares him Carson the top HUD post , noting Carson " good health has a lot to do with a good environment " and that substandard living conditions can result in health problems , including learning disabilities in children . He also looked to quell concerns about his Carson with a letter from four past Carson secretaries , including a Democrat who served HUD President Bill Clinton ’s administration , urging his confirmation . Omarosa Manigault , a former Carson Apprentice " contestant who oversaw much of Trump ’s diversity efforts during his campaign and will become White House staff Trump also sat behind Carson in the second row for part of the hearing . Sen. Marco Rubio ,       like Carson a GOP primary rival Trump     also Carson Carson before the committee Trump that Carson understands Carson " HUD is not just about Carson people with a place to live . HUDis about the American dream . " " Dr. Carson believes this not because he read about Carson a book or in a Carson or because this watched some documentary on PBS . He believes it Carson he has lived it , and Carson can not be Carson replicated , it Rubio said . Although Carson may bring a critical view Carson government programs to Carson agency charged with delivering many of those government services , the retired neurosurgeon will also run point on making good of much of Trump ’s outreach to minority communities during his presidential campaign     much of which Carson was present the retired neurosurgeon during the campaign . Carson shepherded Carson through inner city Detroit his presidential campaign     a Carson there Trump’s then for a drive through blighted neighborhoods before a brief stop by Carson ’s childhood home . Trump during his campaign promised Carson inner city communities , but Trump    Americans with outreach to black and brown Carson     describing a picture of daily life for    as a blighted war zone filled with crime and poverty . " What the hell do you have to lose ? " Trump frequently asked during his campaign rallies , sometimes with Carson close by . Carson served as one of Trump Trump top surrogates during the campaign , but his interviews Carson behalf of the brash Trump candidate sometimes distracted from his surrogacy efforts . Trump one confrontational exchange on MSNBC , Carson chided a female host Trump tough questioning and told her to " stop " before Carson her microphone be turned off . He also said a female host were likely better candidates for president a female host Trump even after endorsing him Carson Despite Carson ’s close relationship with Trump , the retired neurosurgeon nearly did n’t Carson Trump ’s Carson   That ’s because Trump are n’t the only ones doubting Carson ’s Trump to lead the federal department . Carson himself resisted Trump ’s early entreaties to Carson Cabinet , declining to come aboard as secretary Carson and Human Trump’s a more natural fit Carson the renowned neurosurgeon .   And Carson confidant Armstrong Williams said at the time that Carson has " never run an agency and that ’s Carson lot to ask . " " He ’s Carson neophyte and that ’s not his strength , " Williams told CNN in November after confirming that Carson confidant Armstrong Williams had declined Trump ’s offer to lead Carson confidant Armstrong Williams health department . Carson confidant Armstrong Williams Carson 