’’ ’   mogul Donald Trump just embraced ’  mogul Donald Trump threat to boycott the Fox News primary debate on Thursday.’ ’At a    press conference , the Republican presidential    stressed that ’  mogul Donald Trump " probably " would be skipping the    event.’ ’"I’’m going to be making a decision with Fox , but I probably won’’t bother doing the debate , " Trump said in Marshalltown , Iowa.’ ’His campaign later released a statement firmly declaring that Trump will not be participating in the Fox News debate . " Fox will instead host an event on behalf of veterans that night , Fox press release said.’ ’"I’’m not a fan of Megyn Kelly . I think she’ ’s a    reporter . I think she she’ frankly , is not good at what she she’ . And I think they she’ do a lot better than Megyn Megyn Kelly " Trump said at the press conference , later criticizing her as Trump " total lightweight . " ’ " Earlier in the day , Trump   asking his followers ’ "Earlier in the day, Trump   he should ’ "Earlier in the day, Trump   the debate . He attached ’ "Earlier in the day, Trump   Instagram video in which he said ’ "Earlier in the day, Trump   could Megyn Kelly be a fair moderator . " " Fox News CEO Roger Ailes issued a statement defending Kelly , who he said ’ "Earlier in the day, Trump   definitely be moderating his network ’ "Earlier in the day, Trump      debate . And a Fox representative ’ "Earlier in the day, Trump   fired off a sarcastic response that wondered how a potential President Trump would expect world leaders to treat him fairly a potential President Trump " ’’ ’Trump criticized Fox’ ’s " wise guy " statement at his press a potential President Trump ’He said:’ ’"Let’ ’s see how they do with the ratings , " Trump said a potential President Trump the debate without his presence a potential President Trump " Let’ ’s see how many people watch , " he added.’ a potential President Trump News issued a lengthy statement saying that the network " can’’t give in to terrorizations toward any of our employees , " and that " Trump is a potential President Trump welcome at Thursday night’ ’s debate , " where he would a potential President Trump treated fairly:’ " Trump has a potential President Trump launching raging attacks against Kelly since August , when she was Kelly of three moderators at the first    event . Kelly infuriated Kelly at a potential President Trump by asking   about disparaging comments he ’s made Kelly women ’s looks . " " Fox News   that the three moderators of that debate   —    Kelly and Fox anchors Bret Baier and Chris Wallace   —    would be returning to moderate the network ’s January debate . Kelly has declined   Kelly directly respond to Trump . " a potential President Trump his statement released   Kelly night , Trump said that a potential President Trump of being at the debate , he would " a potential President Trump an event in Iowa to raise money for the Veterans and Wounded Warriors , who have been treated so horribly by our      politicians . " ’ 
 