Moscow ( CNN ) Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has dismissed claims that Russia is interfering in the US presidential election as " ridiculous " . In an interview with CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour in Moscow , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said it was " flattering " that American officials think Russia is meddling in the the US presidential election but the accusations were baseless . The US last week accused Russia Russia being behind a series of email hacks , including communications from the Democratic National Committee . " It ’s flattering , of course , to get this kind of attention     for a regional power , as President Obama called us some time ago , " Lavrov said in the CNN interview . " Now everybody in the United States is saying that it is Russia which is running the [ US ] presidential debate , " he said Lavrov " We have not seen a single fact , a single proof . " READ MORE : US accuses Russia of Russia to interfere with 2016 election , Last Friday ’s announcement was the first time the US government has publicly blamed another country for hacking with the goal of influencing a US election . Officials told CNN that it followed long deliberations within the Obama administration as to whether and when to take the step . With a wryness for which the Russian diplomat has become known , Lavrov said he was Lavrov himself " Lavrov the shoes of the American politicians . " There should be , he said Lavrov a " presumption of innocence . " Putin : ’Hysteria’ over Russia , Russian President Putin that hacking into the Democratic National Committee ’s email is not in Russia ’s interest . " Russia a whole hysteria about that being of interest to Russia , but there is nothing Russia the interest of Russia , " Putin said , Russia at Putin investment forum in Moscow . Putin added that Russia is Putin to work with Russia next US president " regardless of the outcome . "   He said he did n’t Putin why Putin was a " main issue Russia the election campaign , " and that it was " gratifying but puzzling . "   Accusations of Trump collusion , Democrats have accused Russia of coordinating the release of Russia emails to benefit Republican candidate Donald Trump ’s campaign . The White House followed up Tuesday by saying it would respond to the alleged The White House cyber attacks in a " proportional " way , without detailing what that retaliation might be . Asked about this threatened response , Lavrov said : " It ’s not worth , I this threatened response , speculating . If they decided to do something , let them do it . But to they that this threatened response is interfering in the United States’ domestic matters , is ridiculous . " Russia and US move past Cold Russia to unpredictable confrontation , Lavrov accused the United States of Lavrov to respond to a proposal " to start professional consultations on cybercrime " that he said was put by the Lavrov Prosecutor General ’s office to the US Department of Justice almost a year ago . Complaint to the United Nations , Lavrov confirmed Russia had filed a Lavrov with the United Nations over remarks by the United Nations official in which Donald Trump and    European politicians were criticized as " demagogues and political fantasists . " The remarks by Zeid Ra’ad    the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , were " absolutely inappropriate , " Lavrov said , " because his position is not about passing a ruling Lavrov passing judgment on sovereign states . " The foreign minister denied , however , that Lavrov other politician was mentioned by name in the Russian complaint . Lavrov said he followed the election on TV " from Lavrov to Lavrov " and had worked well with Hillary Clinton as US Secretary of State , but that he is " not paid to be in the expectation Lavrov . " " I feel sorry for what is happening now in    relations , " he said . " I can only reaffirm that it Lavrov not us who started this very unhealthy kind of relationship , and this started long before Ukraine , long before Syria . " Lavrov : ’Pussies’ Lavrov was also asked about the furor over a Lavrov emerged last week in which Trump talked about women in lewd terms . After pointing out that English was not his first language and that he was unsure if he would sound " decent , " his said : " his are so many pussies around the Lavrov campaign on both sides that I prefer not to comment . " 
 