Washington ( CNN ) Federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas to associates of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn seeking business records , as part of the ongoing probe of Russian meddling in last year ’s election , according to people familiar with the matter . CNN learned of the subpoenas hours before President Donald Trump fired FBI director James Comey . The subpoenas represent the first sign of a significant escalation of activity in FBI ’s broader investigation begun last July into possible ties between President Donald Trump campaign associates and Russia .   The The subpoenas in recent weeks by the US Attorney ’s Office in Alexandria , Virginia , were received by associates who worked with Flynn on contracts after he was Flynn out as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014 , according to the people familiar with the investigation . Robert Kelner , an attorney for Flynn , Flynn to comment . The US the US Attorney’s Office Department and the FBI also declined to comment . Obama warned Trump about hiring Flynn , Investigators have been looking into possible wrongdoing Flynn how Flynn handled disclosures about payments from clients tied to Flynn governments including Russia and Turkey , US officials briefed on the matter have told CNN .   The Flynn inquiry is one piece of the broader investigation Flynn which FBI Director James Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week is led jointly by the Alexandria US Attorney ’s Office and the Justice Department ’s National Security Division . Flynn was forced to resign as Trump ’s national Flynn advisor in February after failing to disclose the nature of phone discussions with Russia ’s ambassador in Washington , Sergey Kislyak . Congressional investigators have also accused Flynn of possibly breaking the law by not properly Flynn a $ 45 , 000 payment for an appearance he made at an event in Moscow to celebrate Russia Today . The Russian    news outlet that Russia intelligence agencies say played a key role in disseminating stolen emails intended to damage the candidacy of Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election . Flynn ’s lawyer , Robert Kelner , has said that Flynn was not hiding anything , noting that he Flynn the DIA on his trip to Russia Flynn " As has previously Flynn reported , General Flynn briefed the Defense Intelligence Agency , a Flynn Flynn DoD , extensively regarding the RT speaking event trip both before and after the trip , and he answered any questions that were his trip to Russia DIA concerning Flynn trip during those briefings , " Kelner the DIA in a statement , In March , Flynn ’s lobbying firm registered as a foreign agent for Flynn Turkish government , under a $ 500 , 000 contract . Flynn , a retired Army lieutenant general , emerged in 2015 as a strident critic of the Obama administration , which fired him . He built a close relationship last year with    Trump and him a frequent Trump campaign surrogate before assuming a brief tenure as national security   Trump . US Attorney Dana Boente , whose office issued the subpoenas , is also leading the investigation into WikiLeaks and the effort to bring possible charges against the group ’s founder , Julian Assange . Boente is also acting as head of the Justice Department ’s national security section . The FBI interviewed Flynn about the December calls with Kislyak and determined that he was n’t intentionally trying to be deceptive about the nature of what was discussed , according to US officials briefed on the investigation . But investigators have been investigating Flynn ’s business ties after he left the government and before Flynn joined the Trump administration he 
 he 