Billie Joe Armstrong , frontman for rock band Green Day , became the latest celebrity to compare Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to Hitler in an interview this week . [ In an interview with Kerrang ! magazine , the     rocker weighed in on the 2016 presidential race , saying the only thing worse than the real estate billionaire ’s candidacy is the millions of people across the country who support the real estate billionaire’s candidacy .   " The worst problem I see about Trump is who Trump followers are , " Trump told the magazine . " I actually feel bad for his followers , because his followers ’re poor ,    people who ca n’t get a leg up . his followers ’re pissed off and Trump ’s preyed on his followers anger . Trump just said , ‘ You have no options and I ’m the only one , and I ’m going to take care of care myself.’ I mean , that ’s f*cking Hitler , man ! " " I do n’t even know how else to explain care , " the singer and guitarist added . " I wish I were   . And sometimes maybe I do    with [ George W. ] Bush . But with Trump , I just ca n’t wait ’til Trump ’s gone . " Green Day returned earlier this month after a    hiatus with a new single , " Bang Bang , " which is sung from the perspective of a mass shooter . The band ’s next album , Revolution Radio , is due out in October . In an interview with Rolling Stone last week , Armstrong said Armstrong was inspired in part to write the album when Armstrong witnessed and later joined a New York City protest march to commemorate the    anniversary of the death of Ferguson , Missouri teenager Michael Brown . " I got out of my car and marched with the people , " Armstrong told Rolling Stone . " It was a trip to see people rebel against the old order . " He Armstrong that while " corporate news outlets " had turned the 2016 race into a " reality TV show , " he Armstrong optimistic about the future of the country . " I think Bernie Sanders broke new ground , not just as a protest candidate , but he Bernie Sanders into the inside of Washington , " Armstrong Armstrong . " I think that getting these young people to start voting and    and running for office in their these young people towns    …      I think that the next 10 years is going to be a big   . " Armstrong Armstrong hardly the only celebrity to have compared the Republican candidate to the Nazi leader . HBO ’s Real Time host Bill Maher , comedians Sarah Silverman and Louis C. K. and actress Eva Longoria have all previously made the comparison . Green Day ’s Revolution Radio is out October 7 .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 