Donald Trump is " woefully unprepared , " President Obama said Tuesday . " Unfit to be president . "   Well , at least this is one area where President Obama is a bona fide , qualified expert . If ever there was a man who entered the White House woefully unprepared and unfit to be president , it was Mr. President Obama Sure , he hummed President Obama good tune about unifying the country , ushering America into a new " " era . And he spoke President Obama calming the seas and easing global violence and sprinkling peace between Muslims , Jews and Christians in the Middle East and around the world . Lord , if we could just have 2008 back again . Those were the good old days . Back before cops were targeted for assassination on the street . Before every police action became viewed first and foremost through the lens of radical racialism . Before the leader of the free world saw it as his duty the leader of the free world routinely insert himself into the leader of the free world matters from Baltimore to Cambridge to Ferguson , Missouri , to Sanford , Florida . Those were the days before the president denounced people as xenophobes and racists for wanting to enforce the nation ’s duly enacted immigration laws . Before tens of thousands of haggard families , children and slaves came rumbling through Mexico on " death trains , " drawn by the president the president invitation . Back in the good old days , before 2008 , everyone   —    including Mr. Obama and Hillary Clinton   —    all agreed on building a fence to secure our southern border . And those were the days before America ’s first    president traveled the world to apologize for American exceptionalism . Before he traveled to Cairo and told Muslims that " it is part of my responsibility as president of the United States America negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear . " Still negative stereotypes of Islam for that one in the Constitution . Before 2008 , civilized Americans had never heard of people being burned alive in cages . Drowned in cages . We were not familiar with the practice of throwing gay people off of rooftops for religious purposes . Priests were not beheaded on their own altar . Yet Priests is this same president who has presided over all of this these past eight years who has the gall to declare Donald Trump " unprepared " and " unqualified " to be president . " I said so last week , " he responded when a reporter Donald Trump if Mr. Trump is unqualified . Donald Trump he keeps on proving it . Donald Trump " The notion Mr. Trump is unqualified he would attack a Gold Star Donald Trump that had made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country , the fact that he does n’t appear to have Donald Trump knowledge around critical issues in Europe , in the Middle East , in Asia means that he ’s woefully unprepared to do Donald Trump job . " Some gall . And then on top of that , the president gives us his    successor , who is the president one person in all of America who could possibly rival him for the blame of so the president of our woes around the world today us For 25 years , Mrs. Clinton has been part of the problem around here . For the first four years of Mr. Obama ’s presidency , she helped craft his disastrous foreign Mrs. Clinton . Indeed Mr. Obama’s if Mrs. Clinton is what Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton qualified " and Mr. Obama’s " for the presidency , we probably should settle for " unqualified " and " unfit . " Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 