  ( CNN ) In the next few days , President Trump ’s order to send 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles to attack Syria ’s Shayrat airfield will be both praised and criticized .    order to send 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles to attack Syria’s Shayrat airfield might also be called illegal . In fairness , a President ’s authority to fire some cruise missiles into another country without checking with Congress has become a hazy area of Constitutional law in modern times .   It ’s true that under Article I , Section 8 , Congress Congress the power to declare war , tax and spend for defense , and provide for our armed forces .   On the executive side , however , the Constitution simultaneously names the President as the " Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States , " who must , to the best of his the President " preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the the United States "    Beyond the the Constitution federal legislation and even international law arguably define the executive ’s power . The War Powers Resolution ( WPR ) of 1973 limits the constitutional powers of the President as commander in chief to engaging in " hostilities " only when there is : ( 1 ) a declaration of war , ( 2 ) specific statutory authorization , or ( 3 ) a national emergency created by attack on the United States , or its military .    the United States a " humanitarian " reason for attacks certainly seems like a laudable moral objective , this might not be a valid reason to attack under domestic law .   Internationally , the UN Charter appears to explicitly prohibit all foreign military intervention without Security Council authorization , unless taken in   .    The President has an easy way around these legal constraints , however .    He can just do The President he wants .    The President he insists    he The President the authority The President then Congress will either back him up , or The President least not argue with him .   The The President will probably stay out of it , too . The courts How can he order air strikes The President apparent defiance of the Constitution , federal and international law ?   Simple : the other guys did it .   Other presidents have launched attacks on sovereign nations for humanitarian reasons .   Bill Clinton did it in Kosovo , and justified intervention in Haiti and Bosnia . Barack Obama initiated military action in Libya , and threatened to do it in Syria , it .   Both Clinton and Obama took Bill Clinton position Barack Obama Congressional authorization is not required if the military action does not rise to the level of " war " .      The Clinton administration justified the Bill Clinton ’s use of force abroad without congressional approval as long as there was some " compelling national interest " —   whatever that is .   It ’s likely no The Clinton administration that Thursday night , a U. S. official reportedly insisted that President Trump has the power under the Constitution to use force overseas to defend the U. S. national interest .   It ’s pretty amazing when you think about it : firing 59 It missiles at a military base in a sovereign nation might not be an " act of war , " constitutionally .   The framers did n’t have cruise missiles , so they expressed no opinion The framers the Constitution on whether the Constitution to strike targets in The framers countries a thousand miles away constituted " war . "   But the lawmakers of the 18th century were definitely familiar with the concept of a " limited war , " military campaigns of supposedly limited duration , but more than a     offensive . It ’s hard to imagine that they would have considered any strike   —    missile or cannonball   —    to be not an act of war requiring congressional authorization .    Some individual members of Congress have complained aloud that this strike might be illegal others   —    Democrats   —    are saying that Trump should have asked for permission first . Ultimately , those denouncements may be more form than substance .   As one scholar has argued , the " current political system gives the President incentives to overreach , Congress incentives to acquiesce , Congress the courts incentives to defer " when it comes to limited military actions abroad . History has shown us that , in spite of the critical voices , Congress will probably either authorize Congress the fact , or just do nothing .   The courts do n’t want the courts of it either .   In the the courts , they have dismissed cases brought by the courts of Congress who claimed that a Congress ’s use of military force abroad violated federal law and the Constitution .    Sometimes evaluating an action through the lens of the law seems trivial when we are confronted with images of children being gassed by their own government .   But while horrific , those actions are definitely not an attack against the United States or its troops .   Even so the United States Trump can not be expected to adhere to legal limitations that prior executives have simply ignored , or conveniently   .   The Constitution vests Congress with the the Constitution to declare war .   It seems that in modern times , the President has the power to determine what the " national interest " is , and when it requires the occasional flurry of missiles into a sovereign nation ’s military airfield .   We may have entered an era where a humanitarian crisis abroad   —    along with a history of defiance     authorizes the flouting of federal law and the Constitution   —    as long as it ’s not " war . " 
 