  ( CNN ) Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is defending embattled Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump , saying Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott policies are " reasonable enough . " Speaking to Australia ’s Sky News in an interview on Thursday , Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott also dismissed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s comments that half of embattled Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump supporters were " deplorables . " " The vast majority of embattled Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump supporters are not deplorables , The vast majority of Trump supporters really are n’t . The vast majority of Trump supporters ’re decent people who want to see change inside The vast majority of Trump supporters country and that ’s fair enough , " Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said . But when asked about controversial comments made by embattled Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump in a leaked video from 2005 , Abbott said they were " gross " .    " I think they ’re completely indefensible . .. they were absolutely disgusting , " Abbott said . ( Abbott ’s comments on embattled Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump comments in the video above begin at 9 . 50 mark . ) ’I admire America’ A fierce conservative and former Catholic seminarian , Abbott Abbott Australia for almost two years from 2013 before he was toppled by current Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull . In the interview , Abbott Abbott asked if he Abbott Trump ’s policy positions would be " discredited " if he Abbott .   " There will be tens if not hundreds of millions of Americans who will continue to support those positions , " he Abbott . " I ’m proud of Australia , I admire America , I want to make America America great as it can be . " After the incident began to make news in Australia Australia Abbott wrote on his Abbott that some of Trump ’s views were " OTT " ( over the top ) but his Abbott on tax cuts and defense spending were " classic conservatism " . Abbott Abbott unavailable when contacted by CNN for comment . Abbott Abbott time as leader controversial , Abbott Abbott ministership was often marred by controversies and oddities , which saw his approval Abbott steadily until he was Abbott out in September 2015 . As leader of Australia ’s conservative Liberal National Coalition , Abbott was Abbott accused by opponents of holding ’misogynist’ or    views and policies , culminating in a speech by former Prime Minister Julia Gillard which went viral worldwide . Other low points of Abbott ’s Abbott Australia ’s prime Australia include the time he was widely Other low points of Abbott’s stint as Australia’s prime minister for giving Prince Phillip a knighthood , when he winked and Other low points of Abbott’s stint as Australia’s prime minister on a radio show while talking a call from an upset pensioner , and when he bemused Australians Other low points of Abbott’s stint as Australia’s prime minister taking a bite out of a raw onion on camera . A prominent conservative in Australia , Abbott Australia    marriage and was a main proponent of the country ’s controversial immigration policies . Responding to Abbott ’s comments Abbott Friday , Prime Minister Malcolm said both Australia and United Australia had a " vibrant democracy . " " I ’m sure Mr Abbott has Abbott Abbott of Donald Trump ’s policies before he made that comment Donald Trump’s " he said . 
 Prime Minister Malcolm 