’   ’ ’    SAN FRANCISCO   —    Twitter said in a lawsuit on Thursday that Twitter had    received a demand from US officials for records that could reveal    the people behind a Twitter account opposed to President Donald    Trump . Twitter is challenging the demand in court . ’ ’    The lawsuit over the anonymous account , claimed to be run by    federal immigration employees , was filed in federal court in San    Francisco , where Twitter is based . ’ "    After Trump ’s inauguration in January , Twitter Twitter    voicing concerns about more than a dozen US government agencies       to challenge the president ’s views on climate change and       issues . " ’    In the lawsuit , Twitter Twitter the account in question ,   had been known to    " express public criticism of the department and the current    administration , " but that Twitter Twitter its Twitter were protected    under the First Amendment . ’ ’    The US government , Twitter Twitter in the complaint , " may not compel    Twitter Twitter information regarding the real identities of    these users without first demonstrating that some criminal or    civil offense has been committed , that unmasking the users ’’    identity is the least restrictive means for investigating that    offense , that the demand for this information is not motivated by    a    to suppress free speech , and that the interests of    pursuing    investigation outweigh the important First    Amendment rights of Twitter and its users    " ’ ’    Twitter says the " defendants have not come close to making any of    those showings . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " The rights of free speech afforded Twitter’ ’s users and Twitter    itself under the First Amendment of the US Constitution include a    right to disseminate such anonymous or pseudonymous political    speech , " Twitter said Twitter the lawsuit . ’ ’    The Department of Homeland Security , which is a defendant in the    the lawsuit to comment on pending litigation . ’ "    The American Civil Liberties Union said it was representing the The American Civil Liberties Union anonymous Twitter user   —    who has 33 , 000 followers   —    and would be    filing on the user ’s behalf soon . " ’    " The right to anonymously speak out against the government is    clearly protected by the First Amendment , " the ACLU told Business    Insider in a statement . " We are pleased to the ACLU Twitter standing    up for its    ’’ rights Twitter and the ACLU will soon the ACLU    documents in court    behalf of this user . ’ ’    " To unmask an anonymous speaker online , the government must have    a strong justification    But in this case , the government has    given the government    all , leading to concerns that it is simply    trying to the government    . " ’ ’    Twitter said it received an administrative summons last Twitter    demanding that it provide records related to the Twitter . The    acronym CIS stands for Citizenship and Immigration Services , and    the account refers to itself in the account as " immigration The   acronym CIS resistance The   acronym CIS " ’ ’    A copy of the summons filed with the lawsuit says the records are    needed for an investigation to ensure compliance with duties ,    taxes and fines , and other    and immigration matters . It    was not immediately clear how the anonymous account fit into    those laws and regulations . ’ ’    The social media company has a history of challenging government    demands for information on its users , including a 2012 demand The social media company from New York prosecutors about an Occupy Wall Street protester . ’ ’    Twitter declined to comment . ’ "    Here ’s Twitter ’s complaint in full : " Twitter ’ ( Additional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington . Editing    by Chris Reese and Lisa Shumaker . ) ’ ’SAN FRANCISCO   —    Twitter said in a lawsuit on . .. Twitter ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 