Speaking on Good Morning America and Morning Joe this morning , Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski hinted that other candidates were thinking of dropping out of the upcoming Fox News debate after Donald Trump decided to bail . [ Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski asserted that anchor Megyn Kelly was " obsessed " with Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski boss , which was one reason why Donald Trump decided not to participate .   " Megyn Kelly is totally obsessed with Donald Trump , " Lewandowski Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski on Good Morning America . " She ’s Megyn Kelly multiple shows on why he Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski n’t be even involved in the race on television . She ’s Megyn Kelly obsessed with him Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski It ’s impossible to have a fair and honest debate . " Lewandowski Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski that Fox News was trying to use the event to promote its own Fox News , not the issues that mattered to voters . " What Fox Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski to do is they want voters have 24 million people tune in to watch Donald Trump so that their anchors voters have the story about them , voters he Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , pointing out that Trump could Donald Trump it was a " bad deal " to appear at the debate . Lewandowski previewed a Trump event in Des Moines , saying he would Lewandowski raising money for wounded veterans , and said in an interview on Morning Joe that other campaigns had phoned them for other campaigns of the event a Trump event in Des Moines I had a number of calls yesterday with some of the other campaigns who said , hey , can we come and other campaigns you in raising money for the wounded warriors , for veterans because , you know , if Fox is Lewandowski going to be fair to you , what makes you think they ’re going veterans be fair to us , " other campaigns said Lewandowski He called Lewandowski executives Lewandowski very dishonest " for accusing him of Lewandowski Kelly in phone calls , and accused them of favoring Fox executives " candidates because they had family Fox executives " working for them . " Fox executives " ’s a shame , when you have a conversation with some of the Fox executives Lewandowski you ’d hope they ’d keep some of the Fox executives conversation private a conversation with some of the Fox executives he said Lewandowski " Instead you have executives over there who have relatives working for other campaigns . These are the people who are putting debate questions together . " " Mr. Trump knows when to walk away from a bad deal , " he said on Morning Mr. Trump . " It ’s Roger Ailes , It ’s Fox News It they think they can Fox News with Fox News Trump , Mr. Mr. Trump n’t play Mr. Trump you guys know that    …      this is n’t about Megyn Kelly at all , this is about giving the American people the opportunity to ask questions , to hear from the candidates directly in a fair manner . " He compared the upcoming Fox News Mr. Trump with the widely criticized CNBC debate   —    accusing Fox executives of trying to make the moderators the story instead of focusing on the issues . " What we saw , even with the CNBC debate is when the moderators CNBC to be the the moderators not let the candidate the moderators the story have the opportunity to answer questions that the American people care about , there ’s ramifications to that , " Lewandowski said . 
 