’   ’ "    Army veteran Oscar Vazquez delivered a powerful testimony    against Donald Trump ’s attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions on    Wednesday , arguing the Republican senator would not protect    immigrants in the United States . " "    a powerful testimony   against Donald Trump’s attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions on    came as Democrats and      advocates wage a confirmation battle to block Sessions from    the nation ’s top    post . " ’    Vazquez was born in Mexico , and immigrated to the US with his Vazquez mother at age 12 when they crossed the border into Arizona . ’ "    During his Vazquez , he Vazquez indirect criticism of Sessions’     particularly his Vazquez opposition to the DREAM Act , a proposal that would open a path to    citizenship for some undocumented immigrants . " ’    " Our country’ ’s top    officer must be someone    who understands that immigrants make our country stronger , "    Vazquez said .   ’ ’    " We need an attorney general who will protect the    American people from those who will do us We , but who    would also show mercy to those who deserve it . " ’ ’    Vazquez   Vazquez his   Vazquez status initially prevented him   Vazquez from joining the military , and only became a citizen following a    lengthy legal battle that involved leaving his   Vazquez wife for    a year to    to the US . After gaining citizenship , he   Vazquez and served two tours in Afghanistan . ’ ’    " I was following in the footsteps of countless other    immigrants who have proudly served the United States , "    Vazquez said .   ’ ’    He   Vazquez : " In Afghanistan Afghanistan I fought side by side side my    Army brothers . We my   Army brothers the same uniform , wore the    US flag on the same shoulder . It mattered more that we my   Army brothers were willing to die for each other and our country than    where we my   Army brothers from . " ’ ’    Vazquez , now living with his family in Texas , said he his    to join the US Army Reserve , and said he his he his " living    the American dream . " He his to the Senate Judiciary    Committee that other undocumented immigrants must be    shown similar leniency .   ’ ’    " Having legal status changed my life , " Vazquez said . " I can’’t    imagine what it would be like to have that taken away from me . " ’ ’ ’ 
 