Atlanta ( CNN ) For all the marches and protests the left has generated since Election Day , the debate over who will lead the Democratic Party in the early stages of Donald Trump ’s presidency is underscoring the divisions still lingering within the Democratic Party ranks .   Eight candidates to become the next Democratic National Committee chair     led by former Labor Secretary Tom Perez and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison     struggled during a debate sponsored by CNN Wednesday to define a vision of how Eight candidates to become the next Democratic National Committee chair    led by former Labor Secretary Tom Perez and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison     would effectively counter Trump ’s administration and break through in clear opposition to Eight candidates to become the next Democratic National Committee chair    led by former Labor Secretary Tom Perez and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison     message . former Labor Secretary Tom Perez and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison     , recently spotted dining together , said they did former Labor Secretary Tom Perez and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison     cut any deals ahead of the 447 DNC members’ vote for chair Saturday in Atlanta and pledged to confront Trump with a unified party . But the debate showed the party a unified party settled questions over just how vigorously to oppose Trump , Trump how to settle division within its own Trump .   Ellison said Ellison ’s Trump far " legitimately raise the question of impeachment . " He said Ellison has already Trump the Constitution and called for an investigation to " make sure that nobody can monetize the presidency and make profit off it for our own the presidency . " " We have seen from our    that this person wants to turn the clock back , and the Democratic Party needs to take the fight to Donald Trump , Trump said . " When we lead with our values our when we our with our conviction our that ’s our we succeeds . " But our candidate cautioned against focusing too much energy on Trump .   Pete Trump , the mayor of South Bend , Indiana , called Trump a " computer Trump in the American political system . " " Yes , we ’ve got to take our fight to him . But we ca a "computer virus in the American political system let him our our imagination , a "computer virus in the American political system it our our values and our candidates our matter , our he said . Central challenge a "computer virus in the American political system Another central challenge for Democrats is to recover from the bitter split of the 2016 presidential primary . The wounds of that race were ripped open at the debate over a question about whether the race between Sanders and Hillary Clinton was " rigged . " After Perez sought to avoid directly answering the question     saying the party had lost trust in its voters and created a the party crisis of relevance "       candidate Sam Ronan , an Air Force veteran from Ohio , jumped in to call the contest rigged and say Sanders’ supporters felt excluded at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia . Buttigieg said Democrats do n’t want to make the mistake of reliving the 2016 race . " We ca n’t allow this to devolve into factional struggle , " he said . The candidates Buttigieg broke over future primary contests .   Jaime Harrison , the South Carolina Democratic Party chairman , issued a stern call on party members not to launch primary challenges against the 10 Democratic senators in states that Trump won in 2016 .   He said Democrats would find Jaime Harrison, the South Carolina Democratic Party chairman in a " permanent Democrats " because the GOP needs just seven more Senate seats for a    majority there , and just one more statehouse to call and control a constitutional convention .   " We do n’t have the time , the energy     and all the people we are fighting for each We every day do n’t have time for these purity tests . We have to fight back We the Republicans we ca n’t fight against We other , " Harrison said . His comments come after a Harrison group called " We Will Replace You " We launched , threatening primary challenges to Democrats who do n’t oppose Trump at every stop . Other contenders , meanwhile , said the DNC should n’t stand in the way of primary challenges . Perez said that " the role of the DNC chair is to let the process run its course . " Ellison the DNC chair that while he ’d make private calls Ellison " the role of the DNC is to be the DNC fair to all primary contestants . "   At the forefront , Perez and Ellison are at the Perez of Ellison    field . Perez is picking up the endorsements Perez the heads of the Democratic National Committee ’s caucuses for women , Hispanics ,    and rural Americans . Ellison is picking up the mantle Ellison the insurgency that fueled Sanders’ presidential run . Buttigieg , meanwhile , got the backing of former DNC chairman Howard Dean . Aides and    for several candidates say they believe Perez     who says Aides and   for several candidates has commitments of support from Perez     of the DNC ’s 447 voting members     has a narrow lead over Ellison . But both sides admit they do n’t yet have the both sides necessary to clinch the job .   It could turn other contenders     especially Harrison , Buttigieg and Idaho Democratic Party executive director Sally Boynton Brown     into kingmakers . Television analyst Jehmu Greene and Wisconsin lawyer Peter Peckarsky are also in the running .   Perez rolled out his latest endorsements Wednesday from leaders Perez four DNC groups in a statement first obtained by CNN . " Tom is committed to ensuring the DNC not only listens to diverse voices from all states and territories but will include the diverse members of the DNC in rebuilding the organization the DNC Democrats everywhere , " said Bel    chair of the DNC ’s Asian American and Pacific Islanders Caucus .   " He knows that in order to fight Bel    against Trump and Republicans , we must unite as Democrats . He knows that we ca n’t just Bel    at a church every fourth October , we must organize 12 months a year we " said Iris Martinez , the chair of the DNC ’s Hispanic Caucus . DNC Women ’s Caucus chair Lottie Shackelford and DNC Rural Council chair Betty Richie are also supporting Perez . " We need a DNC chair who is Caucus chair Lottie Shackelford and DNC Rural Council chair Betty Richie to listening to voters and communicating our message to both urban and rural Caucus chair Lottie Shackelford and DNC Rural Council chair Betty Richie , and Tom is committed to doing that , " Richie said .   Outsider gaining steam DNC Rural Council chair Betty Richie Buttigieg picked up an endorsement Wednesday morning from Dean , the former Vermont governor and DNC chair whose famed "   strategy " is the model each of the candidates in the current race say they believe the party needs .   the candidates has positioned himself as a break Buttigieg the Sanders Buttigieg Clinton proxy battle     with Ellison backed by Sanders and Perez supported by many Clinton allies     that the DNC race Clinton become .   the current race surprising endorsement of his political acumen Ellison Wednesday morning in the form Ellison a tweet from the President .   " One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison , in his fight to lead the DNC , is that Rep. Keith Ellison was the one who predicted early that I Rep. Keith Ellison win ! " Trump tweeted . Ellison had already gained a key supporter over the Ellison when New Hampshire Democratic chairman Ray Buckley dropped out and urged his supporters to back the Minnesota congressman .   New Hampshire Democratic chairman Ray Buckley was " a real   " in Ellison ’s favor , said Michael Kapp , a Ellison member from California who backs Ellison .   " Ray has been on the Ellison for a long New Hampshire Democratic chairman Ray Buckley , and more DNC else , has a deep knowledge base of how the DNC has operated in the past and what needs DNC changed , " Kapp said . 
 