’   ’ "    Rep. Joaquin Castro of Texas , a Democratic member of the House    Intelligence Committee , told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday that       would n’t be surprised if the investigation into Russian    interference in the 2016 presidential election led to multiple    associates of President Donald Trump getting put behind    bars . " ’    Castro made the stunning comment after Wolf Blitzer asked Castro    whether Castro has seen any " hard evidence " that President Donald Trump associates had    worked to collude with Russian government officials in any way . ’ ’    Castro did not directly answer that question but offered Castro    " impression . " ’ ’    " I guess I would say this   —    that his   "impression is . .. I    wouldn’’t be surprised after all of this is said and done that       people end up in jail , " Castro said . ’ ’    A somewhat surprised Blitzer asked , " Really ? " He A somewhat surprised Blitzer    asked Castro how high his A somewhat surprised Blitzer suspicion " went . ’ ’’ ’    " That is yet to be determined , " Castro responded , adding Castro could       divulge any additional information at the time . ’ ’    " If I was betting , I would say yes , " Castro continued . " My impression       that people will probably be charged , and I think people will       go to jail . " ’ ’ after   that ousted    national security adviser Michael Flynn offered to testify before       the House and Senate Intelligence Committee , as well as the    FBI in exchange for immunity   —    or , as his that ousted   national security adviser Michael Flynn outlined in a    statement , a guarantee he his attorney not be subjected to " unfair    prosecution . " ’ ’    None of the entities have accepted his his attorney . ’ ’    Trump defended Flynn in a tweet Friday morning , one day after The    Journal story broke . ’ ’    " Mike Flynn ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt    ( excuse for big election loss ) by media & Dems , of historic    proportion ! " . ’ "    Flynn Flynn Flynn only Trump associate who has found    himself close to Flynn investigations being conducted by both    committees and the FBI . Several other Trump associates and    campaign officials , including confidant Roger Stone , former    campaign manager Paul Manafort , former adviser Carter Page , and    his     Jared Kushner ,   by at least one of the    entities . " ’    On Saturday , Trump took to Twitter to lash out over the      cloud hanging over his administration . Trump ’   ’ ’Rep . Joaquin Castro of Texas , a Democratic . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 