  ( CNN ) After a week that saw President Donald Trump reverse course on several key campaign pledges , many congressional conservatives are bracing for another harsh reality : President Donald Trump may soon sign a government spending bill that continues to fund two controversial programs he President Donald Trump to end and will lack adequate funding for one of his President Donald Trump campaign promises . Time is ticking on an April 28 deadline when the government runs out of money . And bipartisan negotiators in the House and Senate are narrowing in on a final agreement that would continue to pour government dollars into Planned Parenthood and the Affordable Care Act     two entities despised by conservatives     while not providing much , if any , money for Trump ’s    wall on the border with Mexico .   RELATED : Will Congress celebrate Trump ’s 100th day in office with a government shutdown ? The GOP leaders who are spearheading talks with Democrats have made clear they The GOP leaders who are spearheading talks with Democrats not allow a government shutdown on their The GOP leaders who are spearheading talks with Democrats and have signaled they The GOP leaders who are spearheading talks with Democrats to give ground on those    issues to get the votes they The GOP leaders who are spearheading talks with Democrats to pass the giant    spending package . " We are working on a collaborative basis , which in the first part of this administration has been kind of hard , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ,    said last week . " I think we We be able to work that out and avoid any kind of government shutdown scenario in the end of April . " Republicans know they Republicans need Democratic votes in both chambers to keep the government operating . House conservatives who may be dissatisfied with the emerging deal     like those that make up the    and influential House Freedom Caucus     are unlikely to support a final agreement . That means Speaker Paul Ryan ,    will need to lean on Democrats in his    to muscle a bill to passage .       the Senate , the 52 Republicans will need to rely on at least eight Democrats to support the a bill to passage give it the a bill to passage votes it will a bill to passage to advance .       reversal of fortunes is a surprise and disappointment for Republicans who had vowed that if voters gave them unified voters in Washington     the White House , Senate and House     the GOP would make good on longtime pledges on many of these issues . Defunding abortion provider Planned Parenthood and getting rid of Obamacare altogether were at the top of their lists .   RELATED    Planned Parenthood : Fast facts and revealing numbers , But repealing Obamacare dramatically Obamacare last month when Freedom Caucus members rejected a GOP leadership the GOP bill as insufficient . That means funding for the health care reform law , much of it mandatory the health care reform law of its Medicaid the health care reform law , will likely continue until Republicans can settle their differences Republicans repealing and replacing the health law .   One significant wrinkle on this issue arose last week when Trump threatened to discontinue paying health insurers subsidies that reduce     costs for    consumers . Ending the payments , which are the subject of an unresolved court battle between House Republicans and the Obama administration , would likely prompt insurers to exit the marketplace . Trump floated Trump idea to get Democrats to the bargaining table on replacing Obamacare . It ’s Trump if Hill Republicans would agree not to appropriate the funds because it could Hill Republicans their constituents Hill Republicans But Democrats say they want Democrats include the funding in the spending bill , a move bound to be met with resistance from conservatives . RELATED : Trump : Flip , flop or flexibility ? On Planned Parenthood , Democrats vowed early on     as they have Democrats past efforts by Republicans to strip money from the organization     that they would Democrats any government spending proposal that stripped out the approximately $ 500 million in federal funds that goes to the organization the organization     . Ryan announced weeks ago they would Democrats the defunding issue to a budget reconciliation bill to ensure it would not the defunding issue to a government shutdown     but that reconciliation bill stalled a budget reconciliation bill GOP failure to repeal Obamacare .     forces on the Hill did get a boost on the issue last the defunding issue Trump signed a bill that allows states to withhold federal money from organizations that provide abortions , including Planned Parenthood . The law reverses an executive order signed by    Barack Obama that prohibited states from blocking federal funds to those organizations .   Building a massive border wall with Mexico could cost of tens of billions of dollars and Trump wants a down payment Trump as part of the government spending bill . The issue was one of his most talked about campaign Trump , which included his vow to have Mexico Trump for it . Mexico RELATED : The issue ways Mexico could pay for the Mexico , Democrats consider a massive border wall with Mexico offensive and argue it a massive border wall with Mexico be built . In the wall offensive recent letter to McConnell , they warned against adding it to the Democrats funding package . the wall offensive " We believe it would be inappropriate to Democrats on the inclusion of such funding in a    appropriations bill that is needed for the Republican majority in control of the Congress to avert a government shutdown so early in President Trump ’s administration , " said the letter signed by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York and other Democratic leaders .   Asked last week by a reporter if he supports the wall , McConnell replied a reporter a careful eye toward the Democratic opposition to it . " I am in favor of border security . Exactly how that is defined will be subject to negotiations with our Democratic colleagues , because in the Senate , they are players , " he said . " Nobody gets everything a reporter want . " RELATED    Kelly they No border wall ’from sea to shining sea’ A House Democratic leadership aide said wall funding is not in the bill now . A House Republican aide close to the talks said negotiations continue over the border security issue and noted that some stepped up funding for Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Customs and Border Protection may be acceptable to all sides .   Meantime , White House press secretary Sean Spicer is House if the President would block a bill that did n’t have enough border wall money in it .   " We ’ve made very the President would block a bill that didn’t have enough border wall money in it to Congress that the President ’s priorities are increasing military spending the President our border , " he said . " We ’re We to White House press secretary Sean Spicer to have conversations with Congress We we feel confident that they ’ll do their Congress . We those conversations are conversations with Congress . " conversations with Congress Congress returns to conversations with Congress a    spring recess next Congress . They will have only until next Friday to reach and Congress a deal . RELATED    McConnell : Government shutdown wo n’t happen this month 
 