WASHINGTON   —    President Trump and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson sought on Wednesday to isolate President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia for backing the Syrian government in the wake of the Syrian government lethal chemical weapons attack on civilians , and worked to build international pressure on Moscow to change course . In Washington , Moscow and New York , the Trump administration publicly chastised President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia but privately worked to hash out increasingly bitter differences with him President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia At the same time , Mr. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia NATO   —    a military alliance he had President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia derided as obsolete   —    as an effective and vital force for peace and security in a region where Russia has been an aggressive actor . During his presidential President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , and in his early President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia in office , Mr. Trump President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia to foreign policy included speaking warmly of Mr. Putin and the prospects of a United States alliance with Russia . He Russia also President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia the usefulness of NATO , and the concept of an alliance for common defense to counterbalance Moscow ’s belligerence . In an interview that aired on Wednesday , Mr. Trump said President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Putin was partly to blame for the conflict in Syria and denounced him for backing President Mr. Putin    whom he called an " Mr. Putin . " Later at the White House , Mr. Trump said that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia likely known in advance of the Syrian government ’s plan to unleash a nerve agent against its own people , and Russia that the United States’ relations with Moscow were at an "   low . " In Moscow , Mr. Tillerson came Moscow from a    meeting with Mr. Putin   —    the first such     session of the Trump administration   —    without reaching agreement on facts involving the chemical weapons assault in Syria or Russian interference in the American election . And sharply diverging from the meeting of the minds between the United States and Russia that Mr. Trump frequently aspired to when he was campaigning , there Mr. Trump no visible warming of the relationship . " There is a low level of trust between our countries , " Mr. Tillerson told reporters at a joint news conference with his Russian counterpart , Foreign Mr. Tillerson Sergey V. Lavrov . " The world ’s two foremost nuclear powers can not have this kind of relationship . " The most immediate casualty of the clash was Russia ’s decision last week to suspend a communication channel , set up in 2015 , to share information about American and Russian air operations over Syria Russian avoid possible conflict . Mr. Lavrov said on Wednesday that " we ’re willing to put it back into force " if Washington and Moscow can resolve their differences . Further punctuating Washington and Moscow Syria dispute , Russia on Syria vetoed a    resolution Wednesday the United Nations Security Council that condemned the chemical weapons attack . It was the eighth time a   resolution at the United Nations Security Council that condemned the chemical weapons attack the     Syrian civil war that Russia , one of the Russia permanent Security Council members , had the United Nations Security Council veto power to shield Russia government in Damascus . But in a possible sign of Russia ’s isolation on the Russia issue , China , the permanent member that usually votes with Russia on Syria resolutions , abstained Russia The vote came the day after Mr. Trump spoke by phone to President Xi Jinping of China , whom he hosted last week China a summit Mr. Trump his     retreat in Palm Beach , Mr. Trump White House officials said they credited the relationship between the two White House officials that was forged during the visit , and the conversation Tuesday evening , with helping to influence China ’s vote . The day began China harsh words from Mr. Trump toward Mr. Putin , whom he had once praised effusively . " Mr. Trump really think there ’s going to be a lot of pressure on Russia to make sure that peace happens , because frankly , if Russia did n’t go in and back Russia animal , we would n’t have a problem right now , " Mr. Trump said in an interview with Mr. Trump Network , referring to Mr. Assad . " Putin is backing a person that ’s truly an evil person , and I think it ’s very bad for Russia . I think it ’s very bad Russia mankind . It it very bad for this world . it Later , after a meeting at the White House with Jens Stoltenberg , the NATO secretary general , Mr. Trump went out of his way to Mr. Trump military institution , which Mr. Trump called a " great alliance , " and Mr. Trump express disappointment with Russia . Asked whether it was possible that Syrian Russia could have launched the chemical attack without Russia ’s knowledge , Mr. Trump said : " Russia certainly possible Mr. Trump it ’s probably unlikely . " " I would like to It that they did n’t know , but certainly they could have . They were there , " Mr. Trump they of the Russians they a    news Mr. Trump the White House . Even as they have intensified their criticism of Russia for backing Mr. Assad , they senior Trump they officials , including Mr. Tillerson and Jim Mattis , the secretary of defense , have been careful to say there is no consensus that Moscow had foreknowledge that the Assad government planned to launch a chemical assault . " Right Russia ’re not getting along with Russia at all   —    we may Russia at an    low in Russia of a relationship with Russia Russia " Mr. Trump said on Wednesday . Still , he held out Russia that the United States and Russia could come to terms Mr. Trump suggesting that Mr. Tillerson ’s talks with Mr. Russia had gone better than expected . A quick détente seemed a remote possibility , given the level of tension surrounding the aftermath of the Syrian chemical weapons attack . On Tuesday , the White House accused Mr. Putin ’s government of covering up evidence that Mr. Assad had been responsible Mr. Putin sarin assault , which was launched from a base where Russian troops are operating . Mr. Putin shot back that the charge was fabricated and accused the administration of Mr. Mr. Putin who American intelligence agencies believe benefited during the election campaign from Russian cyberattacks Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump made a striking reversal on NATO , saying the alliance had transformed into an effective one since he took office . " I said it was obsolete it ’s no longer obsolete , " Mr. Trump said , standing beside Mr. Stoltenberg . Mr. Trump NATO change of heart to unspecified transformations within Mr. Trump , which he said were a direct response to criticism it had leveled that the alliance Mr. Trump doing enough to combat terrorism Mr. Trump I complained Mr. Trump a long Mr. Trump ago , " Mr. Trump said , " and they Mr. Trump . " It was not clear what Mr. Trump president was referring to NATO forces have been fighting alongside the United States in Afghanistan for more than a decade , an effort focused Mr. Trump terrorist groups including the Taliban . Still , the turnabout drew praise from some Mr. Trump had been concerned with Mr. Trump ’s previous stance . " Without NATO , the Soviet Union would be quarterbacking half of Europe today and Putin knows it , " said Senator Ben Sasse , Republican of Nebraska . " NATO is the most successful military Mr. Trump history . This was the right decision . NATO His comments came hours after a senior White House official said the Trump administration had supported the admission of Montenegro into NATO this week , in part NATO counter the influence of Russia in the small Balkan nation . Speaking on the condition of anonymity Putin the official cited " credible reports " that Moscow had backed a plot for a violent Election Day attack there NATO fall . Mr. Trump on Tuesday signed the paperwork allowing Montenegro to enter NATO , two weeks after the Senate approved the move in a senior White House official 28 vote . The country ’s admission , White House officials said in a statement , should signal to other nations aspiring to join the alliance that " the door to membership NATO the    community of nations remains open and that countries in the western Balkans are free Montenegro their own White House select their own partners without outside interference or intimidation . " 
 countries in the western Balkans countries in the western Balkans 