’’ ’Jon Stewart broke Stewart silence on the 2016 presidential race on Monday , holding little back when ripping into presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.’ ’"I don’’t know if Donald Trump is eligible to be president , " Donald Trump told David Axelrod during a   of Donald Trump " The Axe Files " podcast at the University of Chicago Institute of Politics.’ ’"And that’ ’s not a birther thing . .. Look , I’’m not a constitutional scholar , so I can’’t necessarily say , but are you eligible to run if you are a    or a   ? " I’’m continued . " I don’’t know , and again , I’’m not here to be politically incorrect . I’’m is a   . I’’m has the physical countenance of a man and has the temperament and hands of a baby . So to have that together , I mean , for God’ ’s sake . " ’ ’Stewart referenced a famous 2013 Twitter war with Trump as evidence of the mogul being too    for the presidency.’ ’"We made fun of him . And I think we referred to him as a boiled ham in a wig , and so him tweeted at me . Because , as you know , great leaders tweet late at night , as I’’m sure you remember Lincoln’ ’s Gettysburg tweetstorm , " Stewart said.’ ’’ " ’t’t’tI promise you that I ’m much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz    I mean Jon Stewart . Who , by the way , is totally overrated . ’t’t " ’ ’t’t’tIf Jon Stewart is so above it all & legit , why did he Jon Stewart his Jon Stewart from Jonathan Leibowitz    ? He should Jon Stewart proud of his heritage Jon Stewart ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tJon Stewart   is a total phony   —   he should ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tJon Stewart   his past ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tJon Stewart     not run from it . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tJon Stewart   ’ ’t’t’tAmazing how the haters & losers keep tweeting the name " F**kface Von Clownstick " like they are ’t’t’ ’ original & like no one else is doing it . .. ’t’t’ " The battle served as proof that Trump does n’t have what it takes to be president , he said ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tJon Stewart   " ’"We got into this huge fight , " Stewart recalled . " I don’’t know that a    can be president . Character is destiny , and he is Character most    individual . " ’ ’’ ’Jon Stewart broke Stewart silence Stewart the 2016 . .. ’ 
 