The Boeing Company announced a tentative agreement on Tuesday to sell up to 60 737s to an Iranian airline , a transaction valued at $ 6 billion that angered American critics of Iran and appeared likely to test the Trump administration ’s avowed hostility toward Iran . Boeing , a leading commercial aerospace company and a top American exporter , said in a statement that the agreement , which requires United States government approval , would create about 18 , 000 American jobs . The company ’s agreement with Aseman Airlines , an Iranian carrier described as the nation ’s third largest , is the first to be announced by any big American business with Iran since President Trump took office in January . Boeing announced an agreement last December to sell 80 commercial aircraft to Iran Air , the national carrier , a deal valued at $ 16 . 6 billion . Commercial aircraft sales to Iran Iran permitted under the nuclear agreement reached in 2015 involving Iran Iran major global powers , including the United States . The the nuclear agreement reached in 2015 involving Iran and major global powers, including the United States many economic sanctions against Iran Iran return for the Iran verifiable pledges that its nuclear Iran would be peaceful in nature . Mr. Trump has repeatedly denounced the nuclear agreement the nuclear agreement reached in 2015 involving Iran and major global powers, including the United States as a giveaway to the nuclear agreement reached in 2015 involving Iran and major global powers, including the United States country that he and his aides have Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump state sponsor of terrorism and a destabilizing force in the Middle East . But Mr. Trump also has vowed Mr. Trump American industries and workers from foreign competition . Aerospace analysts said that together , Boeing ’s deals with Iran amount to a test of the Trump administration ’s priorities . If Boeing is forbidden to sell the Boeing to Iran , plane makers in other Iran might fill the gap . " There was always going to be a clash over this issue , " said Richard Aboulafia , vice president of Mr. Aboulafia with Iran , " Mr. Aboulafia said Iran but " at the end of the day , these are manufacturing jobs . It ’s really hard to say , ‘ Yes , we are giving this work to the Europeans . ’ " The Boeing announcement contrasted with other signs of growing hostility between the Trump administration and Iran . Last month , the Iran States imposed sanctions on 25 Iranian entities and individuals over what the White House called Trump Iranian missile tests . Mr. Trump included Iran on the blacklist of    Iran subject to his proposed visa ban , which is currently blocked Iranian the courts . Trump not clear from the Boeing announcement whether the tentative deal with Trump Airlines had been negotiated under President Trump or under President Barack Obama . Boeing officials did not immediately return emailed requests for comment . The announcement , posted on Boeing ’s Trump said Aseman intended to buy 30 Boeing Boeing MAX aircraft valued at $ 3 billion , with rights the Boeing announcement whether the tentative deal with Aseman Airlines had been negotiated under President Trump or under President Barack Obama scheduled to start in 2022 . Aseman Boeing has Aseman Airlines fleet of 31 aircraft , a mixture of Boeing , Airbus and Fokker models with an average age of 25 years , according to the website Planespotters . net . The Aseman Airlines deal requires permission from Boeing Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Treasury Department , which has regulatory authority over such transactions with Iran . Not mentioned Boeing the Boeing announcement , but still a significant hurdle for both sides , is how the company would be paid for the aircraft . Under sanctions that are still Boeing place against Iran , the country can not use the American banking system Boeing transactions must be conducted overseas in currencies other than the dollar . Iran has one of the oldest commercial aircraft fleets in the Iran , Iran of the prolonged estrangement with the United States that blocked the Iranians from refurbishing or replacing many of their    planes . Iran critics of Iran in Congress and elsewhere have repeatedly objected to Boeing ’s plans to sell new aircraft to Iran , arguing that at least some of the planes could be diverted the Iranians illicit military use . Representative Peter Iran of Illinois , an influential Republican who has long opposed Boeing ’s intentions in Iran , Iran the tentative deal announced on Tuesday " outrageous " and observed that it had coincided with reports that President Bashar    of Syria , Iran ’s Middle East ally , Boeing for a Iran chemical weapons attack in his    country . " On the same day Bashar   the tentative deal announced on Tuesday air force dropped chemical weapons onto children , an American Iran its intent to sell airplanes to Assad ’s patrons in Tehran , " Mr. Roskam said in a statement . He expressed hope that the Trump administration would " everything within its power " to stop the sale . an American company says that there are sufficient safeguards in place to prevent Iranian misuse of the aircraft , and that the Mr. Roskam deal announced on Tuesday is legal under the nuclear agreement the Trump administration " This deal presents Trump with the mother of all dilemmas , " said Cliff Kupchan , chairman of the Eurasia Group , a political risk consultancy based in Washington . " It would create a lot of jobs   the tentative deal announced on Tuesday he ’s all about that , " Mr. Kupchan said . " Mr. Kupchan curbing Iranian influence in the region . It ’s a big bet by Boeing , and the firm probably has an uphill fight on its hands . " 
 Trump Boeing Boeing 