’   ’ ’    At   Donald Trump made the sort of    provocative statement that has defined  Donald Trump candidacy : That     Donald Trump would throw Hillary Clinton in jail if  Donald Trump were elected    president . ’ ’    And on Monday ,  Donald Trump staff offered a familiar    defense to brush the comment aside : It was just a joke . ’ ’    " That was a quip , " Trump campaign manager   on MSNBC’ ’s " Morning Joe , " acknowledging    that Trump would not have the power as president to personally    jail a political opponent . ’ "    It ’s not the first time the Trump campaign and       supporters have dismissed a controversial statement    from Trump by claiming the brash Republican was n’t being    serious . " ’    Here are some other instances : ’ ’    In August , Trump found Trump in hot water when Trump   President Barack Obama of being the    founder of ISIS at a campaign rally in Florida . ’ ’    The next day , in an interview with conservative radio host Hugh    Hewitt , Trump doubled down on the claim , even when Hewitt seemed to    be giving Trump an out . ’ ’    " Last night you said the president was the founder of ISIS , "    Hewitt said . " I know what you meant . You meant that the president created    the vacuum , the president lost the peace . " ’ ’    Trump an fired back :   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    In late July , Trump an managed to steal some of the    spotlight from the Democratic National Convention when Trump an    apparently invited Russian hackers to dig up thousands of deleted    emails from Hillary Clinton ’s private email server . " ’    " Russia , if you’’re listening , I hope you’’re able to find the    30 , 000 emails that are missing , " Trump an in Miami . ’ ’    He Trump  in Miami tweeted a similar invitation : ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tIf Russia Russia any other country or person has Hillary Hillary Clinton’s , 000 illegally deleted emails , perhaps they should share ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tIf Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton’s 33, 000 illegally deleted emails with the ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tIf Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton’s 33, 000 illegally deleted emails ! ’t’t " ’    Trump was referring Trump  in Miami the emails Clinton said she deleted    Clinton they were personal    nature . ’ "    The comments came after Clinton ’s camp Clinton suspected    Russian hackers of breaching the Democratic National Committee ’s    computer networks , and leaking emails from top officials to    WikiLeaks . " ’    Trump was   for his remarks by Trump    experts and intelligence officers , as well as leaders from    both major political parties . ’ "    The Republican ’s advisers immediately attempted to clarify    that the remarks were     and Trump himself   he was being sarcastic . " ’   ’ ’    At a campaign rally in August , Trump suggested gun owners could    take matters    their own hands gun owners prevent Clinton    from using the Supreme Court to abolish the Second    Amendment . ’ ’    " Hillary wants to abolish , essentially abolish , the Second    the Second   Amendment at the rally in North Carolina . " By the way , and    if she gets to pick   — Hillary if she gets to pick her judges Hillary nothing you    Hillary do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people   —    maybe there    is , I don’’t know . " ’ ’    Prominent lawmakers and pundits interpreted the comment as a call    for violent action against Clinton , although Trump and his    surrogates insisted he was Trump to a " Trump " ’ ’    Meanwhile , House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan heard about this Second Amendment quote . It sounds like just a    joke gone bad , " this Second Amendment quote said to reporters in Wisconsin . " I hope he    clears it up very quickly . You should never Ryan about something    like that . " ’ ’    On Monday ,   he would no longer defend or campaign for    Trump , Ryan instead focus his efforts on maintaining a Republican    majority in Congress . Ryan did not withdraw his endorsement of    Trump , however . ’ 
 Ryan 