’Donald Trump declared ’Donald Trump the " presumptive nominee " in a victory speech from Trump Tower on Tuesday night after dominating five Republican presidential primary contests.’ ’Shortly after the polls closed Tuesday evening , several networks projected that the    mogul . ’Donald Trump won primaries in Connecticut , Maryland , Rhode Island , Delaware , and Pennsylvania.’ " While Trump does n’t yet have the 1 , 237 delegates ’Donald Trump needs to lock down the Republican presidential nomination , ’Donald Trump does n’t seem to have much doubt left that ’Donald Trump will get there . " ’"I consider myself the presumptive nominee , absolutely , " Trump said during a speech and news conference at Trump Tower in New York City.’ ’He said later : " As far as I ’m concerned , it’ ’s over . " ’ ’Trump said his ’ ’Trump for the GOP nomination , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , " should really get out of the race . " ’ ’"They have no path to the nomination , " he ’"They , later adding , " They ’"They get out of the the race and we should heal the Republican Party . " ’ ’Trump insisted that he ’ ’Trump unify a Republican Party the Republican Party increasingly divided.’ ’"I’’m a unifier . I unify people , " he ’ ’Trump . " That’ ’s how I did it in business That’ .. We will we people that are backing this party and the Republican Party candidacy that you wouldn’’t believe . We’’re going to have such unity . " ’ ’On Sunday , Kasich and Cruz   an alliance to essentially halt campaigning in certain states where the other candidate has a clear advantage in an attempt to block Trump from winning the nomination.’ ’If Trump does not reach Trump    threshold , he could run into Trump attempting to secure the nomination . Cruz has continually outmaneuvered Cruz   in electing delegates Trump the Republican National Convention . If Trump does not win Trump , 237 delegates , many convention delegates would become " unbound " to Trump in later rounds Trump convention voting , giving the Republican National Convention Kasich a Cruz   boost in support.’ ’Maxwell Tani contributed to this report.’ ’Donald Trump declared himself the " presumptive . .. ’ 
 