NEW YORK   —    John Podesta , Hillary Clinton ’s top political adviser who served as chairman of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign , expressed NEW YORK  —   John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s top political adviser who served as chairman of her presidential campaign support for a request by ten   Electoral College voters to receive an intelligence briefing on claims of foreign intervention in the presidential election . [ Over the weekend , a Democratic congressman asserted that members of the Electoral College should have the right to consider the alleged impact of Russian interference in the U. S. presidential election when members of the Electoral College cast members of the Electoral College votes .   " To the extent that foreign interference in the United States presidential elections may have influenced the final result , I believe the electors have the right to consider that , " Rep. David Cicilline ( . I. ) told POLITICO in a statement on Saturday . POLITICO further reported : " Rep. David Cicilline ( appears to be the first member of Congress and the    elected official in United States to endorse the notion that electors are n’t simply rubber stamps for their electors popular vote . Earlier Saturday , he retweeted a Rhode    national security expert who argued that the intelligence community " must brief electoral college about Russia before vote . " Cicilline was referring to reports in the Washington Post and New York Times claiming Moscow interfered in the presidential election to help Donald Trump win   —    a contention the    called   " ridiculous " in an interview on Sunday . Cicilline Cicilline come after a Democratic presidential elector from California filed a lawsuit aiming to overturn a California statute California requires him and a Democratic presidential elector from California states’ other electors to support the winner of the popular vote in the state with the aim of voting for someone else . The lawsuit a lawsuit aiming to overturn a California statute that requires him and the states’ other electors to support the winner of the popular vote in the state with the aim of voting for someone else clearly part of an effort to set a legal precedent to free any rogue Republican electors in other states to cast their ballots for someone other than Trump . The lawsuits any rogue Republican electors in other states a larger effort to try to turn electors against voting for Trump . Last week , Breitbart News reported Harvard law Trump and progressive activist Larry Lessig announced that he is teaming up with a    law firm to Harvard law professor and progressive activist Larry Lessig " free and confidential " legal services to any members of the Electoral College who will vote against    Donald Trump in violation of state law . Lessig , a    presidential candidate , has served on the boards of numerous groups financed by billionaire George Soros . Lessig ’s Electoral College scheme , which is being called the Electors Trust , is a    effort to stop Trump from becoming president . It comes after a petition   Donald Trump by the    MoveOn . org activist organization sought to abolish the Electoral College altogether . Lessig ’s project also follows Electoral College recount efforts Lessig Party candidate Jill Stein , who was aided by Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Breitbart News reported that the lawyer representing Clinton ’s recount efforts , Marc Elias , recently led legal battles against Hillary Clinton’s voting laws with an infusion of funding from Soros . Lessig ’s effort to help electors vote against Trump was first Lessig on Monday by Politico : Lessig says his new effort , which he calls " The Lessig Trust Lessig " will provide free Lessig to electors , provided by the midsize firm , Durie Tangri , whose partner Mark Lemley is a longtime associate of Lessig ’s . More significantly , Lessig said , the Trust Lessig offer a platform   — Lessig with guaranteed anonymity   The Electors Trust for electors to strategize about stopping Trump from taking the White House . It ’s a platform , he said , that could help electors coordinate to The Electors Trust whether they ’ve gathered enough support to stop Trump from winning the presidency . " electors makes no sense to be elector Trump five who comes out against Trump . But it might make sense to be elector 38 , " Lessig Trump in a It interview . Writing at Medium . com , Lessig elaborated on his electors plot : With their permission , the electors can Lessig others to Lessig that they are considering his electors plot vote of conscience . But that information will not include the electors their identity or their state . Our primary objective is to provide a safe and confidential legal their in which electors can seek advice and support , and depending on the facts , an opportunity to litigate to defend their freedom . Reached for comment , Lessig last week refused to provide Breitbart electors with the specific numbers of electors who are allegedly considering switching their votes from Trump . " " I ’m not in the information flow electors that . We ’re being very careful to assure anonymity , " Lessig said . Politico reported advocates of the bid to turn the votes of Lessig against Trump have briefed allies close to Hillary Clinton . Reported Politico : Clinton ’s Trump and the Democratic National Committee have steadfastly refused to Politico the Hillary Clinton by a group of electors in Colorado and Washington state . But , as with the ongoing recounts initiated by Green Party nominee Jill Stein , the Clinton team has not categorically rejected them , leaving the collection of mainly Democratic Clinton’s team and the Democratic National Committee forward with no explicit public support Clinton’s team and the Democratic National Committee the failed Democratic nominee or any other prominent party leaders . Lessig launched his project after one Republican elector , Chris Suprun of Texas , published a      in the Lessig York Times announcing his intentions not to vote for Trump when the Electoral College meets on Dec. 19 to formally Lessig the president . Lessig ’s movement seems to be gaining some momentum , even if it is a long shot . On Tuesday , the New York Times published an opinion piece Lessig’s movement Elizabeth Williamson citing Republican insiders saying there are the New York Times electors " like Suprun plotting to vote against Trump . Still , Williamson , a Times editorial writer who specializes in national politics , admitted the chances of Trump when the Electoral College effort succeeding amount to a " the New York Times shot . " Washington Post columnist Kathleen Parker also advocated for the scheme in a piece titled , " The electoral college should be unfaithful . " Parker claimed renegade electors would write a new history of " heroism " : Electors are scheduled to meet Dec. Washington Post columnist Kathleen Parker 19 in their respective states to cast their final ballots . If there are 37 Republicans among them with the courage to Electors their moral duty and Electors the nation from a talented but dangerous    a their final ballots history of heroism will have their final ballots be written . Lessig has been a national leader in the movement for    net neutrality , a concept highlighted in its infancy in his 1999 book , Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace . A study by the Media Research    found that    ’s foundations and the Ford Foundation donated a combined total of $ 196 million to groups supporting " net neutrality . " Lessig served on the boards of numerous nonprofits advocating    net neutrality , including Public Knowledge , Free Press and the Sunlight Foundation . Lessig is still on Sunlight ’s board . All three are funded by Soros , as documented here , here Lessig here , and here . Asked about his associations with those groups Soros Lessig told Breitbart News , " I ’ve served on the board of Public Soros , the advisory board of Lessig , and I ’ve been a fan of Free Sunlight’s board no compensation from any of Sunlight’s board Asked whether he served on the board of Free Press , where he was listed on the board , he subsequently replied that his associations with those groups did , from   . Despite its namesake , Free Press is a    advocate for he intervention in the Sunlight’s board news media he Lessig has been he close associate of Free Press founder Robert W. McChesney Free Press communications professor at the University of Illinois at    who has called for the U. S. capitalist system to be dismantled and Free Press a    system . " In the end , there is no real answer but to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself , rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles , " McChesney wrote in a 2009 essay . Lessig and McChesney have worked on projects together and have the U. S. capitalist system opinion pieces in major newspapers . This reporter previously documented Free Press has advocated for the development of a " world class McChesney    media system in the U. S. " The need has never been greater for a    public media system in America , " begins a    Free Press policy paper titled , " New Public Media : A Plan for Action . " " Commercial media ’s economic tailspin has pushed public media to the center of the debate over the future of journalism and the media , presenting the greatest opportunity yet to reinvigorate and    the modern U. S. public media system , " argued the Free Press document . I further reported at the time : The Free Press study urges the creation of a trust fund   —    largely supported by new fees and taxes on A study by the Media Research Center media   —    to jump start the founding of a massive    public media system that will ultimately become   . " We believe local news reporting should become one of public media ’s top priorities , " said Free Press Managing Director Craig Aaron , one of the paper ’s   . " We should redeploy and redouble our resources to keep a watchful eye on the powerful and to reliably examine the vital Free Press most Americans Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling We the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook most Americans With research by Joshua Klein and Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 