  ( CNN ) Chaos has been an organizing principle of Donald Trump ’s young presidency . And from what we know of the White House ’s inner workings , the White House’s applies as much to personnel as policy .   While the White House’s ’s not unusual to see turnover inside a new administration , the departure of national security adviser Michael Flynn on Monday night is unique for the when     only 25 days in     and why . As national security adviser Michael Flynn explained in national security adviser Michael Flynn letter of resignation , " I inadvertently briefed the Vice    and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador . " There are ( at least ) 50 ways to leave an administration . This is one . Another had been explored by Sally Yates , the acting attorney general who declined to defend the President ’s travel ban .   Here are a few more     some novel , others now familiar     to get fired ( or forced to " resign " ) by the president of the United States of America and his staff .    Mock the White House and complain about war strategy in a magazine profile , Not everyone who is sacked by the commander in chief actually gets the news     and Not everyone who is sacked by the commander in chief marching orders     directly from the Oval Office . In that way , Gen. Stanley McChrystal was different .   Gen. Stanley McChrystal was removed from Gen. Stanley McChrystal post as the top US commander in Afghanistan in 2010 after publicly mocking civilian leaders in a now famous Rolling Stone article . President Barack Obama , like President Harry Truman did to Gen. Douglas MacArthur in 1951 , fired Gen. Stanley McChrystal and replaced Gen. Stanley McChrystal with Gen. David Petraeus , then the head of US Central Command . Make it a little too much about you , and do n’t mind the guest list , Desiree Rogers was an President Barack Obama family friend and campaign fundraiser . When President Barack Obama moved into the White House in 2009 , she became Desiree Rogers administration President Barack Obama first social secretary . Rogers seemed Desiree Rogers enjoy the job , perhaps too much . At a time of recession , her appearances Desiree Rogers the cover of glossy magazines sometimes rubbed top officials , not to mention first lady Michelle Obama , the wrong way . The final straw came on November 24 , 2009 , when a pair of aspiring reality show stars crashed a State dinner     the province of social secretaries     with the Indian Prime Minister . Michaele and Tareq Salahi arrived at the White House uninvited , entered after passing through layers of security and eventually made their way Michaele and Tareq Salahi the Blue Room for a handshake with the President .   A few months later , Rogers was gone . Be the Treasury secretary during an economic downturn , President George W. Bush ’s first treasury secretary , Paul O’Neill , was asked to resign in December 2002 as the economy stagnated and he clashed President George W. Bush the White House over concerns about a growing federal deficit . Vice President Dick Cheney told O’Neill they " O’Neill n’t matter , " and the administration pushed ahead on another round of tax cuts . O’Neill and another top economic adviser were given pink slips not long after a jobs report was released showing unemployment at an    high . He was later the subject and primary source of a    book that did n’t flatter too many people in the Bush the administration smeared by Breitbart     and have the administration buy it the administration Sherrod was Breitbart     Agriculture Department employee in Georgia when , in 2010 , she was pushed out by Shirley Sherrod Obama administration . The the administration in response to a deceptively edited video that seemed to show Sherrod bragging that she , an    Shirley Sherrod , had Shirley Sherrod used " the full force of what I could do " to aid a white farmer in distress .   The clip was posted online to a Breitbart website and quickly seized on by Fox News’ evening roster . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack asked Sherrod to step down , and the Shirley Sherrod denounced her remarks . One problem : The Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack was not what it seemed .   Sherrod , in The scene full telling , Shirley Sherrod that she had overcome her initial misgivings and Shirley Sherrod save the Shirley Sherrod family ’s farm . ( Its owners would publicly come to her defense . ) After the deception Shirley Sherrod revealed , Vilsack offered Sherrod a ticket back     she would Shirley Sherrod     and Fox News Vilsack Bill O’Reilly apologized " for not doing my homework . "    Talk about masturbation in the    If Joycelyn Elders had not resigned , " she would have been terminated , " Joycelyn Elders chief of staff Leon Panetta told reporters at the time .   Elders was already a controversial figure when Joycelyn Elders was asked , at a 1994 Joycelyn Elders conference , whether masturbation should be promoted as part of an effort to slow the epidemic .   " I think that is something that is a part of human sexuality and it ’s a part of something that perhaps should be taught , " she said . " But we ’ve Joycelyn Elders even taught our children the very basics . " we Elders later clarified her point , explaining that she meant Joycelyn Elders should be given more Joycelyn Elders sexual education     not instructed how to masturbate . But it was too late . Be an FBI director who runs afoul of the Clinton administration and the Justice Department   On July 19 , 1993 , Bill Clinton became the first president to Clinton FBI director .   William Sessions was dismissed , as Clinton told a reporter that day , for Clinton lots of reasons . " The details were hazy     a Justice Department review had turned up alleged ethics the Justice Department and critics suggested that sidelining Sessions , an appointee of former President Ronald Reagan ’s , was a political power move by the new commander in chief . But Clinton , with the backing of his attorney Clinton , Janet Reno , moved Clinton and eventually replaced Sessions with Louis Freeh , a US district court judge . Authorize the sale of weapons to Iran , then use the proceeds to fund Nicaraguan rebels , A Marine Corps lieutenant colonel and aide to President Ronald Reagan ’s National Security Council , Oliver North was fired in 1986 after it was revealed that the US had been selling Oliver North to Iran and funneling the profits     in defiance of Iran law     to rebel fighters in Nicaragua .   North was prosecuted on criminal charges , but his Oliver North convictions would be vacated after multiple appeals . Now the face of the    affair , North wrote in a 1991 book that Reagan , Oliver North repeated denials , " knew everything . "     Be a little too successful in probing a criminal president   Archibald Cox took over the Watergate investigation as a special prosecutor on May 18 , 1973 . A little more than five months later , he was fired during what came to be known Archibald Cox President Richard Nixon ’s " Saturday Night Massacre . " Appointed by    General Elliot Richardson , Cox broadened the probe and eventually sought Nixon ’s Archibald Cox tapes . When the President refused both Cox and a judge ’s orders , a constitutional Archibald Cox erupted     one Nixon sought to extinguish by ordering Richardson to fire Nixon . He did not ,   General Elliot Richardson along with Archibald Cox deputy the President   Nixon eventually terminated Cox and the President office before resigning Nixon disgrace the Archibald Cox year Nixon Demand to bomb China , then complain when the president says ’no’   Gen. Douglas MacArthur was Nixon War II legend who had been waging a successful campaign in Korea . But his immoderate ambitions got the best of him . Which ’no’  Gen. Douglas MacArthur probably good news for millions of ’no’  Gen. Douglas MacArthur , as President Harry Truman rejected MacArthur ’s request to bomb China as a means of ’no’  Gen. Douglas MacArthur forces into North Korea .   Truman was insistent on Korea remaining a " limited war . President Harry Truman And by stripping Korea of his command , he guaranteed it . Oppose US ’no’  Gen. Douglas MacArthur in President Harry Truman War II President Harry Truman Secretary of War Harry Woodring was , despite his title , an isolationist . A veteran of World War Secretary of War Harry Woodring , he took over what is now known as the Department of Secretary of War Harry Woodring in 1936 . But by 1940 , with Nazi Germany on the march and Pearl Harbor more than a year off , he fought President Franklin Roosevelt ’s efforts to supply arms and Secretary of War Harry Woodring aid to the British .   He was asked     in a letter     to resign his Secretary of War Harry Woodring on June 19 , 1940 . 
 Secretary of War Harry Woodring 