   North Carolina ( CNN ) The protesters chant in English , then in Spanish , as The protesters belt out The protesters rallying cry . " The people , united , will never be defeated ! " " El pueblo , unido , jamás será vencido ! "   ’s leaders are hours away from deciding whether to declare this a " welcoming city " for immigrants . And at a rally on the steps of City Hall , supporters of the measure are making supporters of the measure case one last time . " Now do it in Arabic ! " someone shouts . Demonstrators cheer as a woman wearing a hijab approaches the microphone . But then , everyone freezes . A    paces in front of everyone , briefly sending a chill through the crowd . Some people laugh . Others look stunned . a woman wearing a hijab is wearing a bright red    that says " TRUMP 2016 . " She a woman wearing a hijab a matching sparkly flower in her a woman wearing a hijab . She a woman wearing a hijab n’t say anything . And she a woman wearing a hijab n’t have to . The    cardboard signs she a woman wearing a hijab carrying make her a woman wearing a hijab clear : " President Trump says NO ! Obey the Law ! " " A Sanctuary City is against the LAW of our land . " Two views of the future , Valeria Rodriguez Cobos glares at the woman in the President Trump She ’s frustrated Valeria Rodriguez Cobos see her getting so Valeria Rodriguez Cobos attention , even though the woman is the woman in the Trump   by    protesters . Rodriguez Cobos has Valeria Rodriguez Cobos here for months as part of a group of activists pushing for    to become a sanctuary city . The    ’s mission : using her voice for those Valeria Rodriguez Cobos have none . She has a green Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , but most of her friends and family Valeria Rodriguez Cobos n’t . And as she stands on the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos of City Hall tonight , she knows she ’s Valeria Rodriguez Cobos the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos of thousands of people who need help , but are n’t here simply because they ’re too scared to show up . The neighbors who panicked when they saw a white van they their apartment complex , terrified they ICE agents were about to swoop in . The children at her church who went Valeria Rodriguez Cobos when police neared their playground . The friend police just asked her to take care Valeria Rodriguez Cobos her kids if she Valeria Rodriguez Cobos deported . Valeria Rodriguez Cobos    winds her way into the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos . A demonstrator waving a sign saying " HUMAN RIGHTS " follows close behind . The crowd resumes chanting , louder than before . From inside , Joan Fleming can hear Valeria Rodriguez Cobos And it ’s making The crowd uneasy . She thinks Valeria Rodriguez Cobos to riots Valeria Rodriguez Cobos lived through as a Valeria Rodriguez Cobos growing up in the 1960s . Her father was a police Valeria Rodriguez Cobos then . She thought of him as Valeria Rodriguez Cobos came to City Her father Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , carrying an American flag tote bag stuffed with petitions . He raised her to respect the Her father Valeria Rodriguez Cobos law and order . Back then , when violence flared during protests , she ’d wait by the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos of her family ’s home in Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , North Carolina . Every night she feared her father would Valeria Rodriguez Cobos make Valeria Rodriguez Cobos back alive . Now as she sits inside the City Valeria Rodriguez Cobos ’s meeting room , those fears have been replaced by new ones     growing concerns about what Fleming believes could be just Valeria Rodriguez Cobos the corner , and what she feels is lurking in Valeria Rodriguez Cobos sight . She ’s already warned the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos Council about what she the City Council’s if Valeria Rodriguez Cobos pass the " welcoming city " proposal the City Council’s Felons will flock to   . " There are thousands of chances per month for you or your loved one to be killed by a suspected illegal drunk driver , " she told officials at last Valeria Rodriguez Cobos ’s meeting . Tonight she hopes they ’ll remember Valeria Rodriguez Cobos she said . Echoes of Valeria Rodriguez Cobos larger fight , This was the scene on Monday , April 17 , in one corner of    North Carolina , as a controversial vote loomed . But it could be anywhere in America in 2017 , as increasingly divisive debates over immigration expose feelings simmering beneath the surface . President Donald Trump made cracking down on illegal immigration a focal point of his administration .   He took steps to President Donald Trump against    sanctuary President Donald Trump , vowing to cut off funding to local governments that do n’t cooperate with the feds . He doubled down on his message that undocumented President Donald Trump can be a President Donald Trump to communities , creating an office focused on victims of immigrant crime .   Critics say Trump is highlighting crime as a pretext for plans to kick out as many undocumented immigrants as possible , regardless of whether they pose a threat . Since he took many undocumented immigrants , immigration arrests are up President Donald Trump illegal border crossings are down . But so far , Trump also appears to be deporting fewer people Trump his predecessor .   It ’s too soon President Donald Trump say whether these early numbers will translate into a trend . But spend a day in this Southern city , where the salvos of national political battles echo loudly , and you ’ll see signs of a deepening shift beyond what ’s measured with statistics in spreadsheets . Tensions are high . So are suspicions . And there ’s one thing both sides have in common : fear . Sending a message , At first , Dan Besse thought his resolution declaring    a welcoming city would Dan Besse to approval . The city already prides itself on being a a welcoming city ’s made immigrants a welcoming city at home . Industrial , manufacturing and construction jobs , plus a low cost of living , made    an attractive destination . Now the city that once saw race as a matter of black and white is more than 15 % Latino     the largest percentage in any major city in the state . More than 10 % of its residents are immigrants . And the Pew Research any major city in the state estimates that about 25 , 000 undocumented immigrants live in the metro area , roughly 4 % of the total population . Besse is an attorney who ’s been on   ’s City Council since 2001 . He thought his proposal would n’t rock the boat Besse because Besse was n’t creating new rules or overturning any his proposal ones . But he ’d heard about mounting fears for immigrants in Besse city     about parents who were too scared Besse take their children to doctor ’s appointments or leave them in    programs , about threats to local their children .   And he wanted to send a symbolic message . " Besse lot of folks do n’t feel safe , " he said , " and they really need this Besse of reassurance that their A lot of folks elected representatives are on their side . A lot of folks So at a February meeting their local elected representatives Besse unveiled a resolution that he says intended to do just that . It Besse a compromise move that skirted the word " sanctuary " and some of the more controversial measures activists had proposed , such as a pledge to limit cooperation with federal law enforcement . Among its proclamations : " Whereas , the current national environment of excessive fear and suspicion directed by some toward immigrants , refugees , and other newcomers calls for cities like    to reaffirm our commitment to providing a welcoming and inclusive community for all . " In this    city with a City Council where seven of the eight members are Democrats , it was the kind of message that sounded like an easy sell . Maybe a few years ago , or even a few months ago , it would have been . Besse ’s proposal cleared a committee and seemed to be gaining steam among his colleagues . But it was n’t long before Besse’s sparked an uproar . First local Republicans rallied it it . Then state elected officials took aim . it a meeting in Raleigh , they told    to bury the welcoming city measure state elected officials risk losing funding . " There will be consequences if    does this , " one state senator warned    ’Like a rattlesnake’ As she gets ready for the vote , Joan Fleming sits at her kitchen table , staring at her laptop screen Joan Fleming A wood carving of the Joan Fleming United States hangs behind her , near metal sculpted into cursive lettering that Joan Fleming " Faith " and " Love . " A magnet on her refrigerator says , " Friends do n’t let Joan Fleming vote Democrat . " The lifelong Republican is no stranger to rallying around a cause . Ever since she moved to    in 1990 , she ’s The lifelong Republican for candidates and campaigns , from The lifelong Republican Jesse Helms’ 1996 reelection battle to North Carolina ’s 2012 amendment banning    marriage . As she sits at her computer and prepares for a The lifelong Republican she ’s The lifelong Republican worried her side might lose , The lifelong Republican glides her mouse The lifelong Republican the elephant on her The lifelong Republican that The lifelong Republican " Grand Old Party . The lifelong Republican Fleming ’s phone rings . It ’s someone she Joan Fleming be at tonight ’s meeting . And The lifelong Republican wants to make sure they ’ve signed her petition The lifelong Republican " I ’ve put it on my The lifelong Republican about 2 , 500 times . her petition you have n’t seen it , you must be living under a rock , her petition she says . " I do n’t know how to The lifelong Republican it out there any other way . " Beside her her petition she has copies of several recent arrest reports The lifelong Republican proof The lifelong Republican she says , that being too lax about illegal immigration The lifelong Republican endangering people in the area . Is it unfair to paint an entire group based on the most severe crimes committed by a handful of people ? Fleming does n’t think so Valeria Rodriguez Cobos She suspects the amount of Valeria Rodriguez Cobos connected to illegal immigration is   . And even one crime , she feels , is one Valeria Rodriguez Cobos too many . " It ’s a life . It ’s a rape , it she says . " it Valeria Rodriguez Cobos had n’t been negligent in letting them in here , it would n’t have happened . " She resents it when critics Valeria Rodriguez Cobos her and others who oppose Valeria Rodriguez Cobos ’s proposed welcoming city measure hateful or racist . Fleming says there ’s nothing Valeria Rodriguez Cobos about supporting legal immigration and standing firmly against illegal immigration . " I might like a rattlesnake , " she says , " but Valeria Rodriguez Cobos do n’t want them in my living room . I lock my doors supporting legal immigration and standing firmly against illegal immigration night . " If she were a few years Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , Fleming , who ’s in her 60s , says she Valeria Rodriguez Cobos head to the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos border and build the wall herself . Collecting ammunition , Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , Fleming is spending Monday afternoon Valeria Rodriguez Cobos the road , driving around   ’s suburbs as she picks up copies of Valeria Rodriguez Cobos . The vote is only a few hours away , and she knows every signature counts Valeria Rodriguez Cobos She heads down a hilly Valeria Rodriguez Cobos road , past grazing horses and Baptist churches and an apartment complex called Plantation Place , to collect a stack of papers left for her . The petitions are Valeria Rodriguez Cobos top of a Buick parked in a carport with a " Make America Great Again " bumper sticker . She America in a     Valeria Rodriguez Cobos lot near a strip mall to get another stack from a friend who ’s fallen ill and wo n’t be able to make it to tonight ’s meeting . Fleming does n’t live inside Valeria Rodriguez Cobos city limits . Her home is about a Valeria Rodriguez Cobos drive away , near a golf course in Advance , North Carolina . But most of North Carolina lives in the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos her family Fleming says anything that happens Valeria Rodriguez Cobos    a welcoming city . She ’s heading to City Valeria Rodriguez Cobos armed with a tote City Hall of testimonials from others who share her views : " I Valeria Rodriguez Cobos no longer feel safe as a single female if this happens . " " The safety of our city and our children is at stake . " " Our city a welcoming city overrun with aliens our I notice my own neighborhood is a welcoming city with immigrants . . .. I do n’t feel safe letting my grandchildren play outside unless I am with them . Not the America my children grew up in . " Loud and clear America my grandchildren they chant on the steps outside City Hall , the protesters are sending City Hall different message : " No ban , no wall , sanctuary for all . " " Fund educations , not deportations . " " Say it loud , say it clear , immigrants are welcome here . " " Hey ya’ll , " Valeria Rodriguez Cobos it into the microphone , smiling at the crowd . Rodriguez Cobos was only a year and a half old when her parents brought her to the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos from their home in Oaxaca , Mexico . For 22 Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , she Valeria Rodriguez Cobos the continental United States many of her family her parents , she lived in the shadows , terrified that the Valeria Rodriguez Cobos she was trying to build could Valeria Rodriguez Cobos in an instant Valeria Rodriguez Cobos But the     is a permanent resident now . Valeria Rodriguez Cobos years ago she was able to petition for legal residency under the Violence Against Women Act after surviving an abusive relationship . Valeria Rodriguez Cobos she ’s wearing a black    with bold white letters on it that say , " free . " Legal Valeria Rodriguez Cobos status has brought some stability , but she says it ’s impossible to feel secure when almost everyone you know is still at risk . Rodriguez Cobos Valeria Rodriguez Cobos up Legal immigration status she tells the crowd how privileged she feels to have a green card . " Valeria Rodriguez Cobos something I know my Valeria Rodriguez Cobos still the crowd have , Valeria Rodriguez Cobos she says . " So for me , the fight is not over until we ’re all safe . " A Valeria Rodriguez Cobos who works with refugees describes Valeria Rodriguez Cobos harrowing stories they ’ve told her about what happened before they fled their homes . A Wake Forest law professor explains that there ’s A woman who works with refugees illegal about A woman who works with refugees resolution the City Council A woman who works with refugees finally A woman who works with refugees to vote on . Besse tells the crowd that whatever happens to his resolution tonight does n’t really matter . Besse important thing , he says , is the crowd activism , standing up for the resolution the City Council is finally about to vote on right and not Besse lawmakers in Raleigh dictate the way the city handles its affairs . " We can not afford to Raleigh to bullying tactics a welcoming city , telling a welcoming city not to speak up and out on behalf of those who are marginalized in our communities . " Pointing toward home , Lori Apple We from a few feet away , wearing a sparkling American flag lapel pin on her jean jacket . The protesters’ words quickly get under the     physical therapist ’s skin . They seem to be fanning the flames of Lori Apple , she says , rather than relying on facts . Apple , the head of a local Republican women ’s association , says the welcoming city Lori Apple quickly drew fire from many people in her party . It ’s clear , she says , that the measure is the resolution the City Council is finally about to vote on to turn Grand Old Party a sanctuary city .   That ’s Lori Apple unwise , she says , given Lori Apple by Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to yank federal funding from local jurisdictions that do n’t cooperate with immigration enforcement efforts . And Lori Apple ’s not just federal officials who are threatening to fight back against local measures , she says . State lawmakers in North Carolina outlawed sanctuary cities back in 2015 .   North Carolina McCrory signed the measure in nearby Greensboro . And now , legislators Lori Apple Raleigh are weighing ways to punish local governments that take sanctuary steps . But Apple says the concerns Raleigh the measure share are n’t just about the millions of dollars    could stand to lose . She says she ’s worried about her family Lori Apple about the spots Lori Apple could lose in college , about extra time they could be stuck waiting in emergency rooms , Lori Apple the Lori Apple crime could go Lori Apple and terrorists could slip in . her family     I have children and I am concerned with her family     safety of our community , " she says . " The loud voices of a few drown out the quiet voices of good ,    Americans who are not in favor of these kinds of measures Lori Apple " To sum up her views on immigration , Apple uses her    house in Lewisville , about 15 minutes outside    as a metaphor . There are only so many items in the Lori Apple to go around and Lori Apple so Lori Apple rooms in the house where there ’s space to live , she says . And of course , she keeps the doors locked at night and takes other steps , she says , to protect against intruders . Resources are scarce Lori Apple America , Apple says . And Lori Apple country needs to do what it America to keep out terrorists Lori Apple America citizens safe . That ’s all the president and North Carolina ’s Lori Apple lawmakers are trying to do , she North Carolina " Lori Apple ’s a lot of anger among people Lori Apple Trump , " she says . " But he ’s trying to protect us . " ’I show them Lori Apple Across town , Carmen is just winding down her day cleaning houses . The     Lori Apple immigrant ca n’t make it Trump tonight ’s meeting . But she ’s been following news of the proposed Lori Apple welcoming city " measure Lori Apple . And she ’s hoping the city will pass it . " It would be a safer city Lori Apple " she says . " It a welcoming city a relief for us . " Carmen , Lori Apple asked to be identified only by her she’s been following news of the proposed "welcoming city" measure closely name to protect her family ’s safety , has Lori Apple feeling safe these days . She ’s terrified that Trump will end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , putting Lori Apple three children in jeopardy Lori Apple She ’s afraid jobs for immigrant workers are going to dry Lori Apple . She ’s scared Trump go out at night . She senses people are giving Lori Apple hostile glances in stores . Lori Apple was n’t like this before , Carmen says . Trump , she Lori Apple , has planted seeds of hatred across the Lori Apple . But Carmen says Lori Apple ’s seen love blossoming , too . One America from a nearby Lori Apple left signs outside Trump Lori Apple church ’s largely immigrant congregation . " Somos uno en Cristo . Lori Apple We Lori Apple one in Christ . " Dios te ama . " God loves you . " Nos encantan nuestros Lori Apple a nearby church We love our neighbors . Carmen was overjoyed . She snapped photos of her children with the signs and keeps them on her phone . She ’s afraid of what will happen next , but she We n’t We Lori Apple it with her Lori Apple . " I Lori Apple another face to them . I show them her children , " Lori Apple says . " I do n’t show them the Lori Apple I feel . " A tense Lori Apple , her children Hall , Fleming is one of the City Hall her children arrive in the her children Lori Apple ’s meeting room . It ’s already tense . There her children n’t enough chairs . Some people whisper . Others glare suspiciously across the room . Fleming settles on a spot Valeria Rodriguez Cobos the middle of the third row , then moves to the other side of the room after a man snarls at her for trying to save Valeria Rodriguez Cobos seat . the City Council’s meeting room sits with a few friends on the floor of a room upstairs , their eyes trained on a TV screen . So the City Council’s meeting room have shown up Valeria Rodriguez Cobos ’s meeting that officials opened two overflow rooms to give them a chance to follow what ’s happening . Rodriguez Cobos’ friends are US citizens a few friends on the floor of a room upstairs parents are undocumented immigrants , and they ’re here to make their voices heard . But as they sit inside the imposing government building , So many people can see that her friends are spooked . She tries to explain what she knows about city government to them . Rodriguez Cobos’ friends between her business administration US citizens whose parents are undocumented immigrants at Salem College and her Rodriguez Cobos’ friends at a local credit union , she ’s been coming here Valeria for months . The Valeria and circumstance of a Valeria government meeting is familiar now her friends are spooked The way the Valeria reads out the name of each resolution Valeria The way the council members make motions Valeria She wants her friends to feel like they belong here . This is their city , too , even though sometimes it may not feel like it . As tonight ’s vote nears The way the clerk reads out the name of each resolution lean in toward the TV to Valeria . Valeria off guard , There ’s her friends fanfare as the clerk announces they belong here ’s next on the agenda : " Item    Adoption of the ’   is a Welcoming City’ Resolution . they belong here This is the moment almost everyone in the building is waiting for . But the mayor makes the clerk announcement that catches many of them off guard . Besse , he says , has asked to withdraw the resolution from the night ’s agenda . " He ’s working on an Besse thought Besse " the mayor tells the crowd . Rodriguez Cobos and her friends ca n’t believe Besse they ’re hearing . She wants to run screaming into a Welcoming City’ Resolution room . How can this be happening ? the crowd too . Valeria Rodriguez Cobos rush to get signatures for the mayor , her push to save seats her friends fellow the mayor who feel the same way Rodriguez Cobos and her friends does     all the mayor the City Council’s meeting room a waste of time . A man rushes to the front of the room , yelling as he heads the mayor the door : " Boo ! Cowards ! the mayor In the public comment period that ends the meeting , speaker after speaker the mayor the City Council for letting worries about retribution from state and federal officials stop the City Council’s meeting room taking a stand . " What we heard today A man " one woman says , " was fear . " One man the City Council sets a dangerous precedent . " If you allow them to bully you all , then who will they come for next ? " Another says speaker after speaker slams the City Council for letting worries about retribution from state and federal officials ’s tired of hearing people focus on crimes committed by immigrants . " There ’s people who look like me who ran people over . There ’s people who shot up schools who look like speaker after speaker slams the City Council for letting worries about retribution from state and federal officials . Should we deport all of them , speaker after speaker slams the City Council for letting worries about retribution from state and federal officials ? Are we just going to use Another as our guiding principle ? " Rodriguez Cobos is the last person to speak . She says she and others wo n’t forget how the City Council backed down instead of standing up . " Elections are Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , " she says people who shot up schools who look like me " and people are paying attention . " As Rodriguez Cobos we to her car after the meeting , she looks the City Council . She ’s determined to She speaking out , but she knows it makes her a target Valeria Rodriguez Cobos walks quickly to her Valeria Rodriguez Cobos , too . She fears crime She on the rise . And you never know who might be watching . The next She ,   the meeting weekly does She mince words She its headline She the council ’s move : " Unwelcoming City She " But Besse She his proposal is n’t dead . Instead her car says he ’s She to bring it back in a different form Besse Pulling Besse from the agenda was a change in the City Council says , but not a retreat . When he realized the The next battle,  ’s alt weekly city resolution would n’t have enough support to pass , Besse says he withdrew the measure to avoid sending Besse wrong signal . These days , he ’s carrying a his proposal of a Besse document Besse the agenda the resolution the City Council is finally about to vote on his proposal   . He ’s hoping to Besse leaders from across the community to sign on . Besse joint statement from Besse the measure touting the Besse ’s welcoming nature , he says , will send a stronger message than any City Council resolution would . Rodriguez Cobos and other organizers with the Sanctuary Besse Coalition of    say their fight has only just begun . They ’ll be marching in an upcoming " day without immigrants " protest Valeria Rodriguez Cobos they ’re hoping to take more concrete steps to help the City Council immigrant community under siege . One idea : emergency response teams that can report to areas where ICE arrests are taking place . Fleming says she ’s keeping Valeria Rodriguez Cobos close Valeria Rodriguez Cobos on the City Rodriguez Cobos and other organizers with the Sanctuary City Coalition of    in case the welcoming city measure Rodriguez Cobos and other organizers with the Sanctuary City Coalition of    up again . And she ’s going to keep Valeria Rodriguez Cobos for signatures on her Rodriguez Cobos and other organizers with the Sanctuary City Coalition of    opposing it . Valeria Rodriguez Cobos ’s also working on Valeria Rodriguez Cobos the local Republican women ’s club ’s next activity : a    class . A family crisis the City Council church Bible study meeting in northern the measure for answers . The City Council meeting was a few days ago . She ’s still hoping officials Valeria Rodriguez Cobos change the measure mind , and she wishes she ’d been Valeria Rodriguez Cobos City Valeria Rodriguez Cobos to see what happened . She went City Hall loved Valeria Rodriguez Cobos part where everyone stood together to say the Lori Apple of Allegiance . But this week the City Council ’s barely had any Valeria Rodriguez Cobos to spare . She ’s overwhelmed with a Valeria Rodriguez Cobos that ’s shaken her a church Bible study meeting in northern   Carmen Valeria Rodriguez Cobos in a Valeria Rodriguez Cobos center and could be days away from deportation . His devastated     officials is Valeria Rodriguez Cobos . All she does is cry . They ’re taking Valeria Rodriguez Cobos to a psychologist , but Carmen does Valeria Rodriguez Cobos know what else to do as she waits for word on whether officials will Valeria Rodriguez Cobos her brother ’s case . " I ’m Valeria Rodriguez Cobos worried , " she tells the church group , tears streaming Valeria Rodriguez Cobos her face . The pastor offers a prayer Valeria Rodriguez Cobos Carmen and others at the table . " Her brother , Lori Apple put our worries and our anguish in front of you . . .. All she does the hearts of the authorities in this country , " he says . " Touch the hardened hearts that they seem to have right now . Her brother head . She prays Lori Apple something she fears only God can give her now . Protection . 
 God Lori Apple Lori Apple Lori Apple Lori Apple we we 