’   ’ ’    Tension was rising between the US and North Korea on Thursday as    North Korea appeared to be gearing up for another    nuclear test . ’ ’    Intelligence officials told NBC News that the US was prepared to    launch a preemptive strike against North Korea North Korea    weapons if    were certain Intelligence officials the country was North Korea    perform another       , according    an . ’ ’    The officials said that Intelligence officials had two destroyers the US    shooting Tomahawk cruise missiles into North Korea   — North Korea same    type of weapon used to strike a Syrian airfield last week . ’ ’    Voice of America’ ’s Washington bureau chief Steve Herman   that the US was readying a possible preemptive    strike , but said retaliation was " likely " if North Korea    conducted another North Korea . ’ ’    Other sources also came forward to challenge NBC’ ’s original    report . Fox News ’’ national security correspondent Jennifer    Griffin   " Multiple [ senior ] defense officials    say this report is ’’ wildly wrong ’’ ’’ NBC’’s original   report ’’ Pentagon pushing back    on NBC report , call it ’’ extremely    . ’’ " ’ ’ NBC report Earlier Thursday , President Donald Trump said ,   during remarks he gave after the US dropped a massive      President Donald Trump on an ISIS complex in Afghanistan . Trump said ,    however , that the Afghanistan President Donald Trump was not meant to be a    Afghanistan to North Korea . ’ ’       , aircraft bombers that were stationed in Guam may be    utilized to strike the Hermit Kingdom , according to NBC .    Additional forces , including the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier    strike group and a US Air Force    " " were being    relocated into the area of operations during the past week . ’ ’    North Korean officials mirrored the US statement on Wednesday ,    saying that they would use a nuclear weapon to " hit North Korean officials US first "    if there were indications of a strike from the US . ’ ’    " By relentlessly the US a number of strategic nuclear assets    to the Korean Peninsula , the US is gravely threatening the peace    and safety the US the situation to the brink of a nuclear    war , " a North Korean statement read , according to NBC . ’ ’   ’ "    Regardless of whether NBC ’s source remains credible , recent    evidence suggests that NBC may be   for its sixth nuclear test    underground . " ’    Recent satellite North Korea from 38 North , a research group from the      Institute at Johns Hopkins University , indicates    " unusually high levels of activity " at the    nuclear    test site , the same location where four of the last tests were    conducted . This latest satellite imagery also comes amid another     that cited US officials saying    that a device at a nuclear test site " could be detonated Saturday    or even sooner . " ’ "    The Saturday in question also marks the 105th birth anniversary    of Kim Il Sung , North Korea ’s founder . The nation has in the past    conducted other extravagant military displays on special dates   —      in April 2012 , the country fired a    rocket prior to the    100th anniversary The nation mission failed . " ’    Officials from China , one of the few North Korean allies ,    delivered a warning against continued provocations . ’ ’    " Military    can not resolve the issue , " Chinese Foreign    Minister Wang Yi said in a   on Thursday . " Amid tensions we    will also find a kind of opportunity to return to talks . " ’ ’    " Whoever provokes the situation , whoever continues to make    trouble in this place , they will have to assume historical    responsibility , " said Wang . ’ ’Tension was rising between the US and North . .. " Chinese Foreign   Minister Wang Yi ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 