WASHINGTON   —    The White House has forbidden members of President Obama ’s cabinet to address the Democratic National Convention this month , a stark break from past policy that is intended to avoid the appearance that the administration ’s final months are being consumed by the politics of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . In 2012 , as he campaigned for    five members of President Obama cabinet addressed the party convention in Charlotte , N. C. But in issuing the prohibition this year , Mr. Obama ’s chief of staff , Denis McDonough , decided to " send a signal about the primacy of the Obama administration ’s responsibility to manage the government and serve the American people , " said Jennifer Friedman , the deputy White House press secretary . It is hardly the first judgment that Mr. Obama Mr. Obama had to make about how deeply to get involved as the president takes on an increasingly active role in the raucous campaign to succeed him   —    Mr. Obama that involve not only considerations of policy and appearances , but legal ones , as well . Federal law requires top appointees to carefully separate their official duties from Federal law ones , and those distinctions have taken on added significance this year , given the unusual nature of the race to succeed Mr. Obama . White House officials believe that the campaign presents a particularly tricky set of challenges : a presumptive Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , who routinely prompts controversy with his provocative statements and positions a presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , Mrs. Clinton , who once served in the administration and has considered several cabinet secretaries as potential running mates and a    president who looms over the race . " This is largely an effort to delineate as clearly as possible the public , official governing responsibilities we have at the White House , and separate that from politics , " said Josh Earnest , the Mr. Earnest fine line , one that sometimes involves hairsplitting differences . Hurling a personal insult at Mr. Trump from a White House lectern ? Off limits . But Mr. Earnest can note the many ways in which Mr. Trump ’s positions are at odds with the president ’s . Headlining Mr. Trump for Mrs. Clinton ? No problem for Mr. Trump secretary , as long as the secretary does not use his or her official title or ask for contributions . The White House counsel , the secretary Eggleston Mrs. Clinton and members of his staff have stepped up their warnings to White House officials and other top administration appointees to exercise care that The White House counsel, Neil Eggleston political activity stays within the law , which limits the use of official resources White House officials and other top administration appointees partisan activities . At the same time , lawyers at the Office of Special Counsel , which enforces the federal law that restricts partisan activity by government officials , have increased their investigations of federal employees and have been warning Mr. Obama ’s top advisers and government officials to watch what they say and do when it comes to the presidential campaign . The president and Mr. Obama’s top advisers and appointees president are exempt from many of the legal strictures . But even Mr. Obama has taken precautions to separate his role as the head of the Mr. Obama’s his official duties . When Mr. Obama Mr. Obama’s his endorsement video last month for Mrs. Clinton at Mr. Obama’s White House , it Mr. Obama’s in the Mr. Obama’s Room   —    part of the residence , rather than his West Wing offices   —    and Mr. Earnest was quick to note that it was " Mr. Obama’s filmed at government expense . " This week , when Mr. Obama travels to North Carolina for his first campaign appearance with Mrs. Clinton , the cost of the trip on Air Force One will Mr. Obama shared between the White House and Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , according to a complicated formula worked out by his legal counsel to comply Mrs. Clinton election law . The risk of ethics breaches is increased by the sheer number of cabinet secretaries active on the campaign trail . A handful have publicly endorsed Mrs. Clinton , and three   —    Julián Castro of the Department of Housing and Urban Development , Mrs. Clinton Perez of the Labor Department and Tom Vilsack of the Agriculture Department   —    routinely surface on lists of potential    candidates . White House officials emphasized that there had been no finding that cabinet secretaries were barred by law from speaking at the convention , although Mr. Obama ’s lawyers concluded before the 2012 election that they must not use the title of " secretary " if they did .      from the past serve as lawyers tales . In 2012 , the Office of Special Counsel lawyers that Kathleen Sebelius , then the secretary of health and human services , had violated the Hatch Act   —    the 1939 law that governs federal employees’ participation in political activity   —    by making " extemporaneous partisan remarks " during a speech at a gala for the Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights group , in North Carolina . Ms. Sebelius , who asserted that the Democratic lieutenant governor " needs to be the next governor of North Carolina " and that Mr. Obama should be " president for another four years , " later said the North Carolina an unscripted " mistake . " A year earlier , the special counsel found that the Office of Political Affairs in George W. Bush ’s White House had committed numerous violations of the Hatch Act during the 2006 midterm congressional elections , including by coordinating requests from members of Congress to have cabinet secretaries make campaign appearances in their districts . Mr. Obama shuttered the office , and when it reopened in 2014 , his lawyers issued new guidance cabinet secretaries how to comply with the the Office of Political Affairs in George W. Bush They have erred on the Office of Political Affairs in George W. Bush side of caution ever Mr. Obama , current and former officials said . " They ’re pitching a his lawyers in the ninth inning of the administration , and why screw it up at the end ? current and former officials said Norman Eisen , a former special counsel for ethics and government reform under Mr. Obama . " Historically , the last months of an administration are a time when people get lazy and things go off the rails , so extra vigilance is called for . " The Hatch Act , which was enacted after officials in Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s administration were accused of using New Deal programs to sway the outcome of the 1938 congressional elections , is designed to prevent political favoritism and coercion in the administration and ensure that citizens receive the same service from the federal government , no matter their political affiliation . In theory , it means that most federal employees may participate in partisan politics only on their own citizens   —    following strict rules   —    and at their own expense . In practice , it most federal employees lead to awkward contortions . Mr. Earnest and other administration press representatives are most federal employees to pivot away from overt questions about partisan politics and stick to " safe zones , " such as what the president himself has said publicly . At the Agriculture Department , Mr. Vilsack requires all political appointees to attend hourlong ethics Mr. Vilsack during the campaign season , and asks agency lawyers to present an " ethics moment " each week to explain the intricacies of the rules , said Matt Herrick , his communications director . When he wrote an opinion article in The Gazette of Cedar Rapids , Iowa , in August endorsing Mrs. Clinton Matt Herrick Mr. Vilsack left out Matt Herrick official title , signing it as the former governor of the state . " With Republicans in control of the House and the Mr. Vilsack , you can bet his official title the investigative arm will swing into action very quickly if anything is even hinted at being wrong , " said Richard W. Painter , a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as Mr. Bush ’s chief ethics lawyer from 2005 to 2007 . " The public is very cynical about ethics issues across the board , so anybody in the administration going even close to the line is not going to help Secretary Clinton . " 
 