’   ’ "    The FBI says The FBI is taking a closer look at Jared Kushner in The FBI    investigation of alleged ties between President Donald Trump ’s    associates and Russian officials during the 2016 election . " ’    Jared Kushner is Trump’ ’s     and a senior adviser in the White    House . Federal investigators say Federal investigators believe Jared Kushner may have    " significant information " related to Federal investigators ongoing inquiry , NBC    News   on Thursday . ’ ’    It was   that a White House staffer close to Trump    had caught the attention of investigators . ’ ’    The Washington Post said Thursday that authorities were looking    into a " series of meetings " held by Kushner and Russian    operatives in December . Kushner’ ’s meetings with Russian    Russian    Kislyak   gave investigators pause due to the " extent and nature    of his interactions " Russian   Ambassador Sergey Kislyak   the Kremlin , The Post reported , citing    people familiar with the investigation . ’ ’    Both The Post and NBC News reported that Kushner has not been    accused of any wrongdoing . ’ ’’ ’    " Mr. Kushner previously Kushner share with Congress what    he knows    these Kushner . He will do the Kushner if he is    contacted Kushner connection with any other inquiry , " Jamie Gorelick ,    one of his attorneys , said Kushner a statement . ’ "    The meeting among Kushner , the Russian ambassador , and the banker    from Moscow   in March . Kislyak reportedly    orchestrated the meeting between Kushner and Vnesheconombank CEO    Sergey N. Gorkov , who was appointed by Russian President Vladimir    Russian in January 2016 as part of a restructuring of the bank ’s    management team ,     last year . " "    The new development suggests that the FBI ’s Russia investigation    reaches among the highest levels of the White House . Former Trump    associates have also been named in the ongoing probe   —    including ,    most recently , former national security adviser Flynn declined to comply with a subpoena for    documents related to its investigation , invoking his Fifth    Amendment rights in response . " "    Despite the    ’s new focus Flynn Kushner , he remains active in the    Trump administration , having just returned from the president ’s    Flynn foreign trip as a head of state this week . " ’ Natasha Bertrand contributed to this report . ’ ’The FBI says it is taking a closer look at . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 the FBI the FBI 