Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , who entered office vowing to prioritize American workers and issues , has told his advisers to plan a lighter schedule of foreign travel than his recent predecessors , according to people familiar with the conversations . Trump has told Trump team that Trump does n’t want lengthy trips abroad to distract from Trump focus on domestic issues in the United States , according to people who have spoken to Trump about Trump travel plans .   And Trump ’s cited the negotiating advantage of meeting leaders at the White House     a symbol of American power     instead of on foreign turf as a reason to put off a major foreign tour . Scheduled to first travel outside the country in May for a Group of 7 meeting in Sicily , Trump will lag more than a      behind recent past presidents , who all left for diplomatic trips within the first three months of taking office . Trump has also agreed to attend a May summit meeting of NATO leaders in Brussels , where the defense alliance is headquartered , and a G20 summit in Germany in July . In addition , Trump ’s accepted invitations to visit the United Kingdom and Japan . But on those trips , aides expect the President to remain abroad for only the shortest time possible before returning stateside . That directive maps closely to Trump ’s travel style as a chief executive , when the President would fly the President private jet abroad for business meetings but rarely lingered for long . Since President Ronald Reagan ,    presidents have traveled to a contiguous US neighbor before early April as presidents international debut : Barack Obama visited Canada on February 19 , 2009 George W. Bush traveled to Mexico on February 16 , 2001 Bill Clinton went to Canada April    1993 George W. Bush journeyed to Mexico February 10 Mexico 1989 and Ronald Reagan stopped in Canada March    1981 . Trump has not scheduled a trip north or south of the border , though Prime Minister Justin Trudeau invited him to visit George W. Bush during a phone call shortly after Trump was elected Trump November . The delay is not necessarily a surprise . Trump has espoused Trump " America First " agenda that he says prioritizes Trump United States’ needs over those of other nations .   As a candidate , Trump told the Trump ’s Independent newspaper that he was n’t Trump on traveling abroad in order to focus his attention on Trump problems . " I ’ve got no time to travel     America needs my attention now , " Trump told the Trump . " To be honest with you , this country is America bad trouble , our infrastructure is crumbling America our bridges , our America . We America in such America that I am going to spend a lot of time here . " After taking office , Trump declared at Trump gathering of conservative activists that he was n’t Trump to act as a global leader . " I ’m not representing the globe , I ’m representing your country ’m " he said last Trump at the Conservative Political Action Conference outside Washington . For a businessman highly attuned to the atmospherics of power , a trip to a foreign outpost for talks could involve obstacles . As President , Trump has preferred to host his meetings in the Trump Office , a suite of stately West Wing conference rooms , or     better yet     the living room at     the Florida estate which he owns and which Trump undoubtedly his own domain . Trump has maintained a Trump pace of phone calls with his foreign counterparts , Trump has welcomed four leaders to the White House in his first seven weeks Trump office . This week he ’ll welcome two Trump : German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny . Next month , he is planning to Trump with Chinese leader Xi Jinping at his     estate in Trump , a senior administration official told CNN Monday . Abroad , Trump would be in someone else ’s realm , a position he ’s arduously avoided Trump most of his career . On Trump presidential foreign trip , Trump would find himself Trump some uncomfortable Trump , according to people familiar with his preferred style of Trump and traveling . For starters , he would be obliged Trump sleep in a bed that ’s not his own     an Trump he avoided while running Trump office and has not endured since becoming president . A homebody who regularly traveled across half the country to return to his New York apartment Trump night during the campaign , Trump has worked to avoid putting himself in unfamiliar settings Trump extended periods at a time . A person who traveled with Trump during his tenure Trump the Trump Organization said the billionaire businessman did not especially enjoy foreign travel : He did not easily Trump to time zone changes , he was wary of Trump cuisines and he rarely spent more Trump a night in a foreign country . The person spoke anonymously A person who traveled with Trump during his tenure atop the Trump Organization private details about Trump ’s travel . Trump President and his aides , foreign travel can A person who traveled with Trump during his tenure atop the Trump Organization a grueling slog . Meetings regularly begin as soon as Air Force One touches down in a    time zone , leaving little time for a     to adjust to a new setting . Visits in foreign capitals often involve state dinners that extend late into the evening , followed by early talks the next day . Visits to yearly summits like the G7 , G20 , NATO , or the paired Association of Southeast Asian Nations and Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forums usually require sitting in lengthy meetings that can stretch hours . Even Obama , who entered office eager to bolster those types of multilateral organizations , occasionally flagged during the seemingly endless set of plenary sessions and     that comprise a foreign summit . He regularly chomped away at Nicorette gum as he listened to translated speeches from He counterparts . During his time He office , Trump He demonstrated an appetite for shorter ,    meetings with large groups . Trump is also set to be Trump with protests when he leaves the United States , Trump likelihood that ’s already complicated plans for some foreign leaders who have extended invitations to Trump . A state visit to Trump United Kingdom , which British Prime Minister Theresa May announced in January , was originally expected early in Trump ’s term , UK officials Trump privately . Now , the visit to expected to come later this summer or in the fall . In delaying the trip     potentially to a period when Parliament is not in session   —    the White House and 10 Downing Street could avoid the optics of having Trump refused a speaking slot at Trump . Trump may be avoiding Canada     Trump traditional first foreign trip for a new president     for similar reasons . He ’s not popular among Canadians Trump both in government and outside , though Prime Minister Trudeau has worked toward establishing pragmatic working ties . One person close to Trudeau said the liberal leader does Prime Minister Trudeau feel Prime Minister Trudeau ’s late RSVP to the Trump extended in November , despite the practices of Prime Minister Trudeau US presidents to visit Canada early in their tenures . Trudeau himself visited the White House on February 13 Prime Minister Trudeau forward a show of comity , despite his deep differences with Trump on most policy matters . Prime Minister Trudeau skipping Canada as his first jaunt out of the country , Canada , Prime Minister Trudeau is passing up the opportunity to give his team Trump    debut on the world stage . Prime Minister Trudeau One of the reasons why it ’s been a common destination is because it ’s helped the new administration have a dry run it " said Laura Dawson , the director of the Canada Institute at Dawson said Trump would likely be met by protests in Canada should he travel there now     though that scenario is likely to occur wherever the controversial US president travels . Still , Dawson said , Dawson are few hard feelings about Trump ’s absence . " It ’s not like Canadians are sitting around feeling snubbed Dawson " she said . 
 Dawson Trump Trump 