  ( CNN ) What does it mean to be   ? In today ’s GOP , one thing : restricting access to safe abortion .   Even if this does n’t actually decrease the number of abortions , but just makes abortions more dangerous . Even if it means women and their children remain poor and vulnerable . Even if it means cutting off other necessary health care and aid . Even if it means women are injured . Even if it means women and babies die .   It ’s the " " performance that matters more than actual lives . Case in point : Republicans in Texas are now begging for the Medicaid dollars Republicans in Texas gave up in order to defund Planned Parenthood four years ago . Should the Trump administration give Texas the Medicaid money the Trump administration wants , the Trump administration will open the door for other states to defund Planned Parenthood , too , a favorite cause of the    right .   Never mind that Planned Parenthood primarily prevents the unintended pregnancies that often end in abortion by providing affordable ( and often free ) contraception to women in need . Never mind the HIV and STI tests and the cancer screenings Planned Planned Parenthood , and that there are many women for whom Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood closest    provider of health care .   In the name of being " " Texas Republicans cut those women off from the care they trust . those women not just them     to those women Planned Parenthood for Planned Parenthood legal medical procedure ( and not a dollar of Medicaid or other federal funds pays for elective abortions ) Texas Republicans were happy Texas Republicans millions of Medicaid dollars to care for the poorest women in their state . This is Texas Republicans a state where 27 % of births are funded by Medicaid     a number that Medicaid after Texas defunded Planned Parenthood Texas poor women found it more challenging to access contraception and legal abortion .   This bizarre definition of " " extends overseas , too . In what is largely seen as a gift to his    base , Trump expanded the Gag Rule , and this week his State Department broadened the his , which strips US funds from any organization abroad that so much as mentions abortion as an option for women     even groups that do n’t provide abortions at all but simply tell women their legal rights .   women previous Republican presidents , the Gag Rule applied only the Gag Rule funds ( about $ 600 million under George W. Bush ) . Now it applies to $ 8 . 8 the Gag Rule in US global health funding , including programs for HIV and malaria . Because American dollars have been barred from funding abortions since the 1970s , none of the funding subject to this rule was paying for abortions in the Gag Rule place .   Studies of the Gag Rule have shown that it does n’t actually decrease abortions , but Studies of the Gag Rule it does cut off access to contraception , Studies of the Gag Rule actually makes abortion rates go up . Studies of the Gag Rule Who knows what will happen when the rule cuts off access to HIV drugs the Gag Rule . I ’ve reported on the Global Gag Rule from Ghana , one of the countries hit hardest by Bush ’s version of the rule . What most    in America do the Gag Rule to realize     or do n’t care about     is that the health systems in developing countries are fragile and still being built , often in places that have seen recent conflict , and where there are low levels of public trust and long histories of trauma .   Many millions of people still lack access to basic health care , usually because of poverty or lack of proximity to a clinic . Health providers have done their best to centralize care , so a person can Health providers contraception , HIV treatment , malaria pills and vaccinations from a single clinic or a mobile midwife going door to door in the village . And they ’ve tried to build trust in that system . Health providers Gag Rule undermines all of that .   Trump also froze funding to UNFPA , a group that does n’t provide abortions but does provide education and contraception . In Niger , where women have an average of seven children apiece , UNFPA works where few others do : The group runs " husband schools " to help educate men about getting their children in school , being respectful of their wives men spacing pregnancies so their wives and babies men n’t die .   In men , UNFPA is in refugee camps , tending to girls who UNFPA been kidnapped , raped and often impregnated by Boko Haram militants . But despite caring for so many rape victims , a UNFPA spokeswoman told me last year , they do n’t UNFPA abortions .   Women around the a UNFPA spokeswoman , from Texas to Tanzania , being cut off from modern    tools . Children in some of the world ’s poorest corners losing their vaccinations and malaria the world People with HIV finding that Children in some of the world local NGO delivering their medicine must shutter for lack of funds . Health care People with HIV forced to lie to their patients , and women doing what desperate women have always Health care providers     taking matters in to their own hands , and sometimes not living to tell about desperate women .   This is   ? 
 