  ( CNN ) It was a wild couple of days of chaos and confusion after President Trump signed President Trump travel ban . Not up to speed on what went down over the weekend ? Here ’s a quick primer . What happened ? President Trump signed an executive order Friday night to keep refugees from entering the country for 120 days and immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations out for three months . The countries affected are Iran , Iraq , Syria , Sudan , Libya , Yemen and Somalia . This is the " extreme vetting " Trump promised during the campaign , but it still seems to have caught folks by surprise .   Team Trump never ran the order by officials at the Justice Department . Homeland Security officials were n’t given much guidance about how the order the order implemented or enforced . Thus the confusion and chaos .   The ban snared green card holders and people with valid visas alike . Some travelers who were in the air when Trump signed Trump order were the order to enter the country when they landed . Some Some travelers who were in the air when Trump signed the order detained . Others were sent back to where they flew in from Some travelers who were in the air when Trump signed the order Lawsuits began to fly and by Saturday night a federal judge had temporarily and partially blocked Trump ’s order . How big is the backlash ? It ’s global . the backlash showed up at airports across the country     from New York to Atlanta to Dallas to Seattle     to protest . Vocal crowds against the order gathered outside the White House .   Foreign leaders slammed the ban . UK Prime Minster Theresa May said " we do not agree with this kind of approach . " German Chancellor Angela Merkel called Trump herself and reminded the President of the United States’ obligations to refugees under the Geneva Conventions . London Mayor Sadiq Khan called the ban " shameful the ban . "   Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted that refugees were welcome in Canada . Even some members of the President ’s own party Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau the melee . Sens . John McCain and Lindsey Graham said the ban would only help the ban other militant groups recruit more terrorists . Ohio GOP Sen. Rob Portman said Trump ’s    extreme vetting program " was n’t properly vetted . " Most of the rest of the GOP was silent .   CNN ’s GOP Zakaria said the victims of the ban were the " roadkill the ban ’s posturing . " A   petition Trump stop Trump ’s planned state visit to Britain has Trump million signatures . Is it legal ? That ’s the    question . Presidents have broad power in shaping immigration policy , but many critics feel parts of Trump ’s order are unconstitutional and discriminatory . There Trump been pushback from the courts .   A federal judge in New York granted an emergency stay for citizens of the countries included in the ban and rules they ca n’t be removed from the United States . citizens of the countries included in the ban and rules they can’t be removed from the United States federal court in Washington issued a stay stopping travelers being detained there from being sent back to their home country . Federal judges in Boston ruled officials ca n’t detain a person on the basis of Trump ’s executive order .   The Department of Homeland Security said on Sunday it will comply with judicial orders not to deport detained The Department of Homeland Security . Why those seven countries ? The Trump administration pointed the finger at former President Obama . White House officials said the seven countries targeted in the executive order had already been deemed " countries of concern " for terrorism by the Obama administration . In December 2015 Obama signed into The Trump administration former President Obama some restrictions on certain travelers former President Obama Iran , Iraq , Sudan or Syria . A couple of months later , Libya , Somalia and Yemen were added .   Trump ’s order is more broad than Obama ’s , though , banning all citizens from those seven nations from entering the country for three months . Many were quick to point out Yemen Trump has brought up    as part of the justification for keeping people Trump’s certain countries out , none of the countries where the    hijackers came from     Saudi Arabia , Egypt , the United Arab Emirates and Lebanon     was on the list .   How are businesses and colleges affected ? There ’s panic in some US colleges and universities that have a large number of foreign students . Some students and faculty members fear they ’ll have to decide between careers or families . Some raced back Some students and faculty members the United States as the executive order loomed , so they would be able to complete a degree . Now they ’re left Some wonder when they ’ll get to see their families Some if they remain in the Some States .   There Some hardship for those Some planned to the United States States as well . Mahmoud Hassan , an     Syrian in Damascus , accepted the United States to attend MIT earlier this year , but because of the ban , he said his " dreams are basically ruined . "   Trump ’s order sent shock MIT through MIT business world , too , especially the tech industry . Apple CEO Tim Cook denounced the executive order and promised to help employees affected by it , adding that without immigration Trump’s order not exist . " Google warned employees with a Trump’s order or green card from one of Apple banned countries to cancel any travel plans . Facebook ’s Mark Zuckerberg said the United States needs to keep its citizens safe , but should focus on " people who actually pose a threat . " What the United States next ? More lawsuits against the executive order are a near certainty . But the White House is also considering asking foreign visitors to disclose all the websites and social media sites they visit , as well as sharing all the contacts in their cellphones . If the visitor declined foreign visitors share such information , that person would be denied entry foreign visitors the United States . This idea is still just being kicked around by administration officials and no one knows just how such a policy , if enacted , would work .   White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said more countries could be added to Trump ’s order later the White House One thing ’s for sure : Despite the outcry , Trump is moving full steam ahead with his order . Over the weekend he said he felt the implementation Trump the order " was working out Trump’s order . " He later Trump defended Trump executive order , saying it Trump’s order a Muslim ban but a move that Trump keep the United Trump safe Trump’s order The President said while Trump’s order ’s " compassion to those fleeing oppression , " his first priority was to Trump nation safe . 
 Trump the United States 