May 4 , 2017 , Our first story on today ’s show covers a meeting of two world leaders at the White House     and some challenges two world leaders face in achieving two world leaders main goal . Our ’re explaining the reasons behind Puerto Rico ’s massive debt and historic bankruptcy filing . And Our ’re bringing you a bit of emoji history before interviewing the man who created them . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Hope your Thursday is going well , as we get started with a new edition of CNN .   I ’m Carl Azuz .   Thank you for watching . At the White House yesterday , U. S. President Donald Trump hosted Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .   The focus : achieving peace in the Middle East between Israelis and Palestinians .    U. S. President Donald Trump hosted Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu here in   .   And after yesterday ’s meeting with President Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas the U. S. leader promised he ’d the U. S. leader the two sides negotiate peace . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   The Palestinians and Israelis must work together to reach an agreement that allows both peoples to live , worship and thrive and prosper in peace .   And I will do whatever is necessary to facilitate the agreement an agreement that allows both peoples to live, worship and thrive and prosper in peace mediate , to arbitrate anything they ’d The Palestinians and Israelis to do . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   President Abbas welcomed President Trump ’s offer and the Palestinian leader President Abbas hope for a President Abbas Middle East peace treaty with the assistance of the American president . Several leaders from the U. S. and the Middle East have attempted and failed to do this over recent decades .   So , some experts are skeptical about whether it will happen now .   But they say this could set some experts stage for progress down the road .    For an agreement to be reached between Palestinians and Israelis , a number of challenges would have to be overcome .   Some of them being the terms of a    solution . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   Israel , Palestine : A    solution ? OREN LIEBERMANN , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   The idea behind a    solution is an Israeli state next to a Palestinian state .   Two states living side by side in peace and security .   It ’s been the goal of virtually the entire international community for decades . So , why has n’t it happened yet ?   Well , both sides blame each other .    But at the center of a    solution are some very    and very complex issues .   One of those issues is Jerusalem .   Both sides claim all or both sides the holy city as their capital .    But there both sides also more    .   Borders , where would you draw the line between an Israeli state and a Palestinian state ?   Settlements , what would you do with Israeli settlements in the West Bank ?   And refugees , what happens to the Palestinian refugees ? All of refugees sensitive issues that need to be discussed before a final    solution can be recognized . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   The U. S. territory of Puerto Rico has filed for bankruptcy .   And because it owes $ Bankruptcy billion in debt , The U. S. territory of Puerto Rico is the biggest municipal bankruptcy filling in The U. S. territory of Puerto Rico S. history .    Bankruptcy is a process that has to be approved by a judge .   If it is , it could allow the Caribbean Bankruptcy to pay Bankruptcy creditors less Puerto Rico owes .   As things stand now Bankruptcy Puerto Rico has been missing payments on its debt for months . But one downside to bankruptcy Puerto Rico that it could make investors less willing to lend money to downside to bankruptcy island , and a lack of money is the Puerto Rico begin with . Puerto Rico has been in an economic recession for about 10 Puerto Rico   Its unemployment rate is more than 10 percent compared with less than Puerto Rico percent on the U. S. mainland .   These are big reasons why the island ’s population has decreased by 350 , 000 people in Puerto Rico years .   And fewer working residents means less tax revenue for the island ’s indebted government . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Puerto Rico feel the emptiness .   You know , right now , we have this house that was built for our big family and it ’s only my wife and myself , and     we we our children . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   There ’s still the emptiness . we ALEXANDRINO we CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Sadness overtakes the Calderons when they speak of their grown children .   Three of whom moved to the United DANIA ALEXANDRINO, CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   in the DANIA ALEXANDRINO, CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   ten years , in search of better opportunities .    The first to leave was the middle child who had a degree in business , but was working at an airport souvenir shop in Puerto Rico .   Their youngest followed , and now has his own business .   The oldest left DANIA ALEXANDRINO, CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   her husband in the summer of 2014 and immediately found a job as a teacher . Calderon owns several rental homes which provide additional income .   He also runs a moving company and sees firsthand how many    Puerto Ricans leave Calderon day for mainland U. S.   For example , engineering students recruited by large companies in the U. S. UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   I pick them , you know , three at a time .   You know , these engineering students recruited by large companies in the U. S. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   before they graduate , they have     big companies in the States , engineering students recruited by large companies in the U. S. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   the scouts engineering students recruited by large companies in the U. S. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   Puerto Rico engineering students recruited by large companies in the U. S. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   these professionals and they hire them even before engineering students recruited by large companies in the U. S. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   graduate . ALEXANDRINO :   According to the Puerto Rico engineering students recruited by large companies in the U. S. UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   Institute these professionals between 2013 these professionals 2014 , nearly 74 , 000 people migrated to the United States in search of a better life .   Among them , doctors , engineers and teachers . ( on camera ) :   This is nearly 74, 000 people first time Puerto Rico faces an exodus .   The first major migration occurred in the 1950s .   But back then , it was mainly farm workers and hard laborers that moved     to put it simply , the poor class in search of economic growth . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   We are using a lot of the professional young people .   In fact , Puerto Rico is an aging society     people like myself , for example , here . Puerto Rico we ’re not going anywhere .   But UNIDENTIFIED MALE:   young people are living because there are no We . ALEXANDRINO ( ):   Lack of jobs and economic recession and higher taxes have influenced the migration .   For now , Puerto Rico ’s economic crisis is only pushing more of its citizens to seek better opportunities elsewhere Puerto Rico Rico , Dania Alexandrino , CNN . ( END Puerto Rico ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Which of these emoji most closely resembles the first one ever made ? Is it A , B , C , or D ? According to the creator of emoji , the very first one was in the shape of a heart . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Because , quote , " If you add a heart of a sentence , any negative words feel positive . "   That ’s what Shigetaka Kurita said in a recent interview with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . And though his invention started simply and simple , emoji have grown to become a sort of electronic language on their Shigetaka Kurita , what some would call an art form . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   Japanese design has asserted its value for centuries , influencing the world both culturally and technologically . Do n’t let appearances fool you Japanese   This may look like an average office , and Shigetaka Kurita may look like an average guy . But odds are , he ’s changed your life .   Meet the man behind the emoji . ( on camera ) : Shigetaka Kurita Where do you get the ideas of emoji ? SHIGETAKA KURITA , EMOJI INVENTOR ( through translator ) :   The ideas originated from different places .   One was from manga , which often uses simple signs or the ideas of emoji express emotions .   It also came from pictograms and signage found on the street .   At the time , the Internet was not common . REPORTER ( ):   The first emojis are far from what we use today .   Kurita designed while working for telecom company NTT DoComo in the 1990s , using just a simple 12 by 12 pixograd , 176 original emojis were born .   And so , was a new form of visual communication .   The very first one , a heart . ( on camera ) :   When you were creating it , do you expect it to ever become such a universal language used by so many people . KURITA :   No , I it n’t think so .   Soon after I made emoji , my mother began using them so I could imagine that emoji would be widely used in Japan .   But I did n’t think your mom would use it . REPORTER ( ):   It ’s this universal appeal that landed them in New York ’s Museum of it Art ’s collection last year it permanently solidifying emoji ’s place in art history . ( on camera ) :   Are there any emotions that you think emojis ca n’t illustrate or not yet ? KURITA :   An emoji is just a single picture , but it can help express most of our emotions KURITA:   if you ’re from a different cultural background , you may An emoji the meaning of , say , an emoji face which might make communication difficult . REPORTER :   Is there any characters that have become confused or have meanings that you did n’t intend ? KURITA :   I made an emoji to symbolize a film projector , but it was misunderstood to be a puffer fish KURITA:   made " M " to mean metro or the subway , but some an emoji interpreted it to mean McDonald ’s . REPORTER :   So , I know emojis now have grown in numbers .   But do you "M" a favorite emoji ? KURITA :   I love the smile emoji the most .   This facial expression is easy to understand Shigetaka Kurita   I found out KURITA:   emoji face was made , I could develop other facial expressions from there .   In a way , it was a very important design and all the people of the world would like it .   I love it . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Scoring the world 10 " today , you might call this one of it more obscure world records it   Anna Malik , who ’s from Hungary , does n’t just know how to spin a basketball , she can spin one on the tip of her guitar and she can play the guitar while the basketball spins , and she can sing while she plays the guitar Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary the basketball spins . For doing all Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary for 13 Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary 23 seconds her guitar holds a basketball World Record . Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary one day she Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary record a record her guitar a basketball a record , maybe while setting a record .   For the record , I ’d be a hit that deejays Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary basketball players could spin .   She ’s put her own spin on the record , a truly concerted effort that ends our a Guinness World Record an up note . I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary Click here Anna Malik, who’s from Hungary access the printable version of today ’s CNN a Guinness World Record . CNN 10 serves a growing CNN interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the CNN or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories CNN 10 significance and then CNN 10 why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society our show you for using CNN 10 
 CNN our show 