Hillary Clinton presented Hillary Clinton as a nurturing mother and grandmother trying to help women who are crying out for government support at a campaign stop in Haverford , Pennsylvania . [ Actress Elizabeth Banks served as moderator for the Democrat nominee and Actress Elizabeth Banks daughter Chelsea Clinton at a family town    venue with many women and young people in the audience . The conversation generally focused on Clinton ’s plan to provide federal support for women who are struggling with    jobs , with raising jobs children , and with gun violence in jobs neighborhoods . Clinton also said Clinton empathizes with black mothers dealing with law enforcement targeting black mothers dealing with law enforcement targeting their children children .   The former secretary of state said across America women are telling Clinton America women need help from the government to pay for America women childcare so America women can work . Clinton said the governments of so many other advanced countries provide more for women and that , as president , Clinton would work to ensure the United States provides paid family leave and sick days as well . " It should not be so hard to be a young parent , " Clinton said . " And It should not be so hard on the other end of the age spectrum to take care of your loved one . " Banks said that , while on the campaign trail , Clinton describes these issues as " quiet problems " that tend to keep mothers up worrying at night . Clinton specifically mentioned problems with addictions and mental health issues in families . " People say , ‘ I ca n’t get the help I need for Clinton , my spouse , my child,’ " Clinton said . " There ’s just not enough help . " "   of all    earners are women , " Clinton said . " And most of all   earners have children . " Attempting to convey an image of Clinton as a woman other women want to confide in , Clinton said that while voters do ask Clinton questions about " what ’s in the headlines , " voters very often want to talk to Clinton about " what keeps voters up at night . " " Women tell me these stories about how hard it is , " Clinton continued . " Women tell me not only do Women have no paid family leave , Women have no earned sick days . " Clinton said the nurse who cared for Chelsea and Clinton newborn in the hospital told Clinton women come in to have babies on a Monday but then must return to work by Thursday or Friday of the same week , or else lose the nurse who cared for Chelsea and her newborn in the hospital jobs . Clinton added that women have so many stresses on women   —    from affordable childcare to how to make college affordable . " All of these are issues people have raised with me , " Clinton said , adding that , as president , Clinton hopes to " ease some of that burden . " Banks asked Chelsea Clinton about Clinton relationship with Clinton mother , and Chelsea responded that Clinton is " fiercely proud " of Clinton and emphasized that her mother is the grandmother of her her mother two children . " I wish that people really understood that stronger together , that putting families and children first , is n’t rhetorical for my mom , " Clinton said . Chelsea Chelsea Clinton is happy to travel and campaign for Clinton her mother though Clinton misses Clinton daughter when Clinton is on the road . Clinton said Clinton can travel with Clinton infant son because Clinton is " breastfeeding , " and received a round of applause after Clinton announced Clinton is open about breastfeeding and that there is nothing wrong with it . During the question and answer segment of the forum , one     girl told Clinton she , one    girl many girls her age one    girl is concerned about " body image " and has seen " with my own eyes the damage [ Republican nominee ] Donald Trump has done when he talks Donald Trump women and how they look women " The teen asked Clinton how Clinton plans Clinton " undo some of that damage " as the first female president . " I ’m so proud of you for asking that question ! " Clinton exclaimed Clinton the teen The teen her profusely Clinton adding that , " Young women are getting messages from the media " earlier that they should be Young women concerned with their appearance than Young women minds . Young women My opponent insulted Miss Universe ! " Clinton laughed Clinton she spoke Clinton " I mean how do you get more acclaimed than that ? But it was n’t good enough . " " We need to laugh at it . We it to We it . We it to We it . We it to We up to it , " it said Clinton calling for an end to women being bullied . " We ’re not all gon na end up in Miss Universe , Miss Universe to tell you , " Clinton said Clinton and added that women can be the best they can be in women ways , a statement that drew further applause . " Let ’s be proud of who we are , and let ’s support other women ’s girls and be proud of who they are , " other women and girls urged Clinton more applause . A town commissioner asked Clinton how Clinton would Clinton education at the local level . Clinton responded Clinton has Clinton thought a lot about " what happens at the local level . the local level to be the best possible partner of local communities , " Clinton said Clinton recalling aloud how her husband Clinton when he was Clinton , started federal dollars flowing to communities for police training and rehabilitating school buildings . One of Clinton ’s Clinton methods has been to present herself as Clinton " maternal federal government , " swooping in to save the downtrodden from the nasty state governments that refuse to support local communities . Painting the state legislatures as the enemies of local schools , particularly in inner cities , Clinton said Clinton school districts are being " starved by state governments . " " It takes a village , but the village has to be there a village , " Clinton said Clinton promising more federal spending in local governments . Chelsea Clinton Clinton schools should receive more financial support for teaching " " and    behavior . When one young teen proudly told Clinton that she Clinton the Clinton of the Democrat nominee during a class debate and won against another student who played Donald Trump , Clinton congratulated her Clinton winning Clinton debate and said , " That ’s 2 and 0 now ! " The young girl Clinton to explain more about Clinton plan for "   Clinton . " Clinton again slammed the state Clinton for choosing to build more prisons instead of providing more funding for universities so that students can reduce their loan debt . " The more you invest in students education , the more prepared the work force will be , " Clinton said , promising to Clinton the federal government take on a greater role in funding college . Clinton also pushed her goal Clinton achieving a Clinton Service force of volunteers , much like a civilian National Reserve , and said that those who volunteer to serve will be granted student loan forgiveness . Chelsea Clinton also said she Clinton as president , Clinton mother will be able to Clinton about automatic voter registration when Americans turn 18 " to encourage more participation " in elections . Clinton said young people ask her Clinton about criminal justice reform Clinton student loan debt , and climate change , and they should be able to automatically vote when they turn 18 young people leaders who will do what ’s right young people these issues . With the emphasis still on mothers and children , Clinton and her daughter talked about Clinton importance Clinton federal investment in    care and pregnancy care , stating that more women are dying during pregnancy , labor , and immediately after childbirth . Clinton expressed concern about the lack Clinton    care . " We have to look at the whole life cycle , " Clinton said , " And I Clinton committed to doing everything I can to keep the Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) alive , and to improve the Affordable Care Act . " Ironically , what neither Clinton nor her daughter discussed is Clinton one Clinton the Democrat nominee ’s main supports is the abortion industry . If elected president , Clinton has promised to provide even Clinton funding to Planned Parenthood and to eliminate the Hyde Amendment   —    a federal provision that bars taxpayer funding of abortions . Clinton says she wants the Hyde Clinton repealed Clinton that more    women can obtain the Hyde Amendment   " An amazing conversation , " Banks said to both Clintons at the end of the forum . Banks specifically thanked Hillary Clinton for fighting for children Clinton " your entire Banks life . " 
 