  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign manager and running mate said Sunday the GOP candidate does n’t want Gennifer Flowers     who had an affair with Bill Clinton in the 1970s     at Monday night ’s presidential debate .   " We have not invited Bill Clinton formally , and We do not expect Bill Clinton to be there as a guest of the Donald Trump campaign , " Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told We ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union . "   Bill Clinton , Donald Trump poised for historic debate battle , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , Donald Trump vice presidential nominee , told " Fox News Sunday " host Chris Wallace that Trump Donald Trump he ’d Donald Trump Flowers was just " mocking " Clinton ’s Bill Clinton distracting from the real issues at stake on Monday night .   Their comments come after Trump tweeted Donald Trump he was Donald Trump inviting Flowers to sit in the front row for the first debate .   The     about Flowers comes as a new poll shows the race is dead even going into a debate that ’s expected to be the biggest in history     with 100 million or more viewers     and another survey finds as many as    of voters say the first face off will be key to their decisions on voters to support in the 2016 presidential race .   Donald Trump ’s 6 debate tactics , Trump brought up Donald Trump after Mark Cuban     the billionaire owner of the NBA ’s Dallas Mavericks and a Trump critic     Donald Trump that he ’d been Donald Trump’s by Clinton ’s campaign to sit in the front row at the debate .   In a response on Twitter , Trump mocked Cuban Donald Trump    Mark Cuban TV show " The Benefactor "     which was similar to Trump ’s " Donald Trump Apprentice . " ( Cuban is now Mark Cuban on a more successful reality show , " Shark Tank . ") Trump wrote : Donald Trump If dopey Mark Cuban of Mark Cuban fame wants to sit in the front row , perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him ! " The Gennifer Flowers York Times reported that Flowers told the newspaper in a text message , " Yes I will be there . "   However , Conway denied that Trump Gennifer Flowers campaign Donald Trump Flowers     whose affair with Clinton was revealed in the 1990s     and blamed Clinton ’s campaign for the Clinton even coming up , saying the former secretary of state was " easily baited . "   Asked if Trump will raise the Donald Trump marital history or Bill Clinton ’s affairs in Clinton , Conway said " there ’s no plan to do that . "   " Mr. Trump will answer Donald Trump as they are asked by Lester Holt , Trump will raise the Clintons’ marital history or Bill Clinton moderator , and he has a right to Donald Trump himself against anything Mrs. Clinton Donald Trump Secretary Clinton     may say in response , " Conway said .   It ’s not Conway first time Trump has raised Bill Clinton Donald Trump marital affairs in political attacks on Hillary Clinton . He did so repeatedly as Donald Trump clinched the Democratic nomination , accusing Hillary Clinton Clinton of mistreating the women involved Hillary Clinton husband ’s affairs . Clinton campaign manager Hillary Clinton Mook told Tapper on Hillary Clinton State of the Union " that the episode reflected Trump ’s broader campaign .   " It ’s a warning sign before the debate has even started about Donald Trump ’s lack of fitness     his bullying tactics     that make him unfit Donald Trump be president , " Mook Donald Trump . Clinton ’s invitation to Cuban     a billionaire who has questioned Trump ’s wealth , suggest the billionaire ’s Trump’s scenario " is to lose the election , and has cast Trump as       and the GOP candidate ’s raising Donald Trump Flowers comes as the candidates play head games ahead of the debate .   A Wall Street    News poll shows that    of voters say the debate will be " extremely " or " the debate important in their decision on who to support for president .   voters two enter the debate virtually tied . An ABC    Post poll shows Clinton ’s lead is 2 percentage points     with likely voters split 46 % for Clinton , 44 % for Trump , 5 % supporting Clinton Gary Johnson and 1 % for the Green Party ’s Jill Stein . That ’s well within the poll ’s 4 . 5 percentage point margin of error . Clinton ’s debate prep sessions Saturday went late into the Clinton , with her motorcade only returning to her Chappaqua , New York Clinton home at 11:45 p. Clinton ET .   Clinton , along with her top aides , is continuing Clinton preparations on Sunday Clinton a hotel and conference center in Rye Brook , New York , while both she and Trump are separately New York Israeli Prime Minister Clinton Netanyahu . In Clinton ’s debate prep sessions , Trump is being played Clinton Philippe Reines , the combustible    Trump .   Clinton running mate Tim Kaine said the former secretary of Clinton will defend herself from Trump and " paint this positive vision that really the former secretary of state what Trump animating her to run for president . " The Virginia senator said the former secretary of state debate will offer voters a window Clinton running mate Tim Kaine candidates’ debate with depth and truthfulness .   " In a    format , not    sound bites , there ’s a real opportunity to hear somebody say something and then get into , ’Is that actually true or not ? ’ " Kaine told CBS’ John Dickerson on " Face the Nation " Sunday . " So I think the debate issue , you know , obviously let it be an even standard for both . But that issue about specifics , the debate issue those unanswered questions and checking people on truthfulness     that ’s going to be very important . " 8 unforgettable presidential debate blunders , Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who was at Trump Tower on Sunday to help Trump with debate prep , said they are n’t doing mock debates     " we go over issues . " " 8 unforgettable presidential debate blunders, Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who was at Trump Tower on Sunday to help Trump with debate prep " We ’ll do some more strategizing " 8 unforgettable presidential debate blunders, Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who was at Trump Tower on Sunday to help Trump with debate prep what I think will be probably one " 8 unforgettable presidential debate blunders, Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who was at Trump Tower on Sunday to help Trump with debate prep the most important presidential debates in American history . The    was the most famous , but this will have an audience that is far greater , " Giuliani said .   He predicted Trump will do " very , very well , " and that Giuliani does n’t want to be   .   " If you got to Trump you   . But if you have confidence in yourself , you go with what got you there , " Giuliani said .   He took a shot at Clinton , too , for Giuliani several days focused Giuliani on preparing for Monday night ’s first of three presidential debates .   " Looks to me like she has n’t appeared for about four days . Hope everything is OK , Clinton I wish her well , " Giuliani said . " I think if I spent as Clinton time inside as Giuliani does I ’d go stir crazy . So that ’s me . Everybody Clinton different . " READ : Why the debate expectations game is a farce , House Speaker Paul Ryan said on CBS’ " Face the Nation " that Trump should " " for Monday night .   " Look , Hillary Clinton ’s been doing this most of her life . She is the Clinton . This is new for Donald , Clinton Ryan , Clinton told host John Dickerson .   " So I think he should House Speaker Paul Ryan    for it . . .. You have to offer the country Clinton vision , go on    , prosecute your case , hold your the Nation , " Ryan said . " But then show the country the direction you want to go House Speaker Paul Ryan and prepare , prepare , prepare . the Nation hope he ’s doing that . " Ahead of the debate , Clinton ’s campaign also House Speaker Paul Ryan a new attack ad , suggesting Trump ’s refusal to release his tax returns is linked to his Russian business ties . The ad is airing nationally on Clinton’s TV . Clinton press secretary Clinton’s Fallon appeared on CNN a new attack ad Reliable Sources , " where he reiterated Clinton campaign ’s call for    at the debate . " If you have a moderator that takes a hands off approach , and says that they are not going to    the candidates , that they are going to sit there and close their ears to Donald Trump ’s lies , it will they an unfair bias to Donald Trump . they will be the equivalent of giving him ’s lies time to speak , " Fallon Donald Trump Fallon cited Trump ’s Donald Trump false claim that he Donald Trump the Iraq War from the Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon , and Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon , if Trump lies about Donald Trump position on Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon Iraq War , " ( Moderator ) Lester Holt should follow up . " He Lester Holt a dig at the Iraq War Lester Holt " will breathe Gennifer Flowers sigh of Gennifer Flowers probably if he ( Trump ) gets Donald Trump minutes without having Lester Holt meltdown . " 
 