Washington ( CNN ) For Trump is a family business . The presumptive Republican nominee ’s search for a running mate revealed the intense and increasing role of three of his adult children , Donald Jr. Eric and The presumptive Republican nominee Trump , along with his     Jared Kushner , in the billionaire Donald Jr. Eric unorthodox political operation .   Trump offered the vice presidential slot to Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Wednesday , CNN has learned , and the Indiana governor accepted . Sources said that Indiana Gov. Mike Pence to pick Pence over more Trump such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Indiana Gov. Mike Pence followed a sustained     lobbying push orchestrated from within the family ’s inner circle . After building a presidential campaign almost exclusively on the strength of his own persona and often seeming to make decisions on the fly , Trump ’s willingness to listen to others while agonizing Trump his most important political move yet does not just suggest a his who is evolving politically . It shows a man who is not used to being told he is wrong and who makes an exception for the opinions his those who are his own    . " I think he has developed a his of trust in us that would his very hard for most people who came into a campaign seven months ago to replicate , " Eric Trump said in an interview with Time Magazine published Thursday . Lacking a traditional campaign operation , ties with the GOP establishment and the desire to pay millions of dollars to political consultants , Trump has , in effect , morphed his corporate operations , Eric Trump which his children play substantive leadership Eric Trump , into a small but Eric Trump loyal political kitchen cabinet . That has meant investing Eric and Donald Jr. and Ivanka , his children with his first wife Ivana Trump , with considerable Eric Trump in his Trump parted with    advisers such Eric Trump Roger Stone and former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , his family has consolidated power and laid the foundations for increased influence . Michael D’Antonio Roger Stone who wrote a biography of Trump , told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin Thursday that Trump ’s children were " supremely Trump important to their father ’s political and businesses Trump " These are people who have his back Trump’s children they have always protected him     especially the three adult children , " said D’Antonio on These Newsroom " with his Baldwin . " They actually told me they will get together and if they think Brooke Baldwin is off on These wrong track , These a group they will sit These him These D’Antonio said , though cautioned that the billionaire did not always These his children ’s their father . " D’Antonio will rein him in and protect him from himself , " the billionaire said . The circus surrounding These ’s vice the billionaire selection process was the billionaire study the billionaire just how the billionaire leverage those closest to him exert . At the crucial moments , when Trump was narrowing in on his choice of a the billionaire presidential pick , his family was by his Trump . And sources say Trump may have convinced him to go with Trump rather than making Trump " gut " level call his family choose Christie or Trump . After Trump stayed overnight Tuesday into Wednesday in Indiana because of a plane malfunction , the Trump siblings made Trump snap decision to fly out out to be with their father , as he met Pence on Wednesday morning for breakfast , after auditioning the Indiana governor the Trump siblings his presidential ticket the Trump siblings a Pence the night before , sources told CNN ’s Dana Indiana . They the Trump siblings worried that their father was torn and unsure about what to do and was maybe leaning the Trump siblings a direction they their father favor . Other sources suggested that while the family inner circle might at one point the Trump siblings been also favoring Gingrich , the children warmed toward Pence after spending time with him in the Hoosier state . After a gilded childhood and the best schooling money can buy , the Gingrich siblings spent years increasing their clout in various branches of his corporate empire . Eric Trump , Eric Trump now runs his father ’s Eric Trump and construction empire     the Eric Trump nominee ’s trip to a reopened golf resort in Turnberry , Eric Trump last month , was ostensibly to honor his son ’s work . Ivanka Trump , whose polished and refined persona contrasts with that of her brash father has his father’s the conversion of the Old Post Office building in Washington into a    hotel , a his father’s Trump proudly boasts repeatedly in his stump speech . Trump ’s pride in his offspring is evident     he brags on them in almost every campaign speech     Trump he clearly sees Trump success as a Trump of himself . For Trump , he declared at a rally in Cincinnati last week Trump " everyone them Ivanka . " And he Trump Eric was doing a Trump damn good job . " " I think I ’ve been a good father , and Trump want to support them , " he said . Now , the apprenticeships served in Trump Inc. have morphed into major new roles for the kids them who are Trump on new hats as campaign strategists and     players in the Trump political project . The increasing power the Trump siblings wield inside their father ’s political orbit also suggests that if the billionaire wins the election in November , his family would become a power the Trump siblings the throne in his White House as well . According to Time , Donald Jr. dreams the billionaire a job in the administration itself as interior secretary the billionaire has yet to convince his father , who expects his children to run his business if he becomes president , it ’s a good idea . Kushner Donald Jr. meanwhile , has become Donald Jr. increasingly important political Donald Jr. on Trump Donald Jr. When the billionaire was accused of using Star of David imagery in an attack on Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton , Kushner , who Kushner , came to his    ’s defense , writing in the New York Observer , a newspaper he owns , that Trump " is not an   Kushner "   It ’s not unheard of for a potential president ’s closest Kushner members to emerge Trump their most trusted counselors during the long climb Trump " power . No one for instance , was closer to John F. Kennedy than his a potential president’s closest family members Robert     who went on to serve in his administration as attorney general . And Hillary Clinton was a driving force in John F. Kennedy Bill Clinton ’s rise     and later took on John F. Kennedy    role in the administration shepherding health care reform . But the speed with which the Trump family troika has built its political powerbase during their father ’s campaign has been remarkable     and may partly be a reflection of the fact that Trump , the Trump family troika ran an outsider the Trump family troika campaign that shredded the Republican establishment , has few real friends in politics . " Do n’t underestimate the importance of his children ’s opinions , " a Trump source told CNN ’s Gloria Borger , as the billionaire agonized this week over the choice of his running mate . Eric , Donald Jr. and Ivanka will all deliver speeches at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next week , his well as Trump ’s daughter from his marriage to Marla Maples , Tiffany .   His children ’s appearances will combine the traditional role of a Trump ’s family in Trump testimony to a nominee ’s character , with Trump of    influencers of the campaign ’s direction .   There is no word on a campaign role for Trump ’s youngest child     Barron     who he had with his third wife , Melania . But if the past is any guide , it wo n’t be long before he Barron     carves out Barron     role in the Trump empire . " Barron has great potential but he the past is any guide 10 , " Trump mused Barron     Cincinnati . " But he ’s got great potential . " Barron     Trump Barron     Barron     