Near Cannon Ball , North Dakota ( CNN ) The sweet taste of victory has already begun to sour at the Oceti Sakowin camp just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation .   Over recent months , thousands of people have settled in this     community , united in thousands of people mission to stop the Dakota Access Pipeline from snaking through nearby treaty land and under the Missouri River that serves millions of people . The mantra silkscreened on    painted on signs and embroidered on hats drives home what matters here : Mni Wiconi , or Water is Life .   On Sunday , the US Army Corps of Engineers said the US Army Corps of Engineers would seek alternative routes for the Dakota Access Pipeline . The " water protectors " and their The "water protectors" sang , drummed and cheered in triumph .   But by Monday morning , as a winter squall descended and temperatures dropped , so , too , did the enthusiasm here .   Energy Transfer Partners , the corporation behind the $ 3 . 7 billion project , had pushed back . It 7 billion project politics , specifically the Obama administration , for the Army Corps statement , adding that it 7 billion project in the corporation ’s legal right to proceed as planned . This twist is raising questions , stoking suspicions and , quite possibly , fueling rumors . Among those : The pipeline has already been completed . ’We’ll stay here until we ’re told otherwise’ " Some people say they Some people digging from the other side , " says Daniel Calderon , a former Marine and retired police officer . Calderon , 45 , came here from Malibu , California . He Calderon one of thousands of veterans who , in recent days , answered a call to defend the water protectors . They a call to defend the water protectors summoned so they a call to defend the water protectors be here Monday , when an evacuation order was supposed to go into effect .   " The call to service and to help Mother Earth is a huge honor , " Calderon says . And the Army Corps announcement about rerouting the pipeline does n’t change a thing .   Nor does the blizzard that ’s rolling in .   " We ’re still sticking it the blizzard that’s rolling in and hoping that what they say is true and that there ’s no sneaky business going on , " Calderon Calderon . " We We stay here until we We told otherwise . " Standing Rock Sioux Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II on Tuesday , citing the bad weather , called for the " water protectors " to head home . " While this phase of the struggle relied largely on the the "water protectors" to head home camp , this next stage will be focused on the legal battles , and keeping the current decision in place , " he Standing Rock Sioux Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II on Tuesday, citing the bad weather, called for the "water protectors" to head home in a statement . Lots of people here assume the pipeline company would rather pay fines than change its plans the pipeline company   Melanie Schure of Fort Collins , Colorado , notes how barriers and vehicles remain on the other side of the Backwater Bridge , the area where law enforcement and demonstrators have met in ways that , at times , have become violent .   " If my president asked me to do something , I think I ’d start moving my stuff out of the way , " she says . " That they have n’t suggests to me that she have they intention of going anywhere . They ’ll they push through and pay fines . That ’s my personal opinion . " Schure , 41 , took a leave of absence from work to be here . She ’s she been at the camp for three days but would like to stay for however long she ’s she .   The conflicting narratives about what ’s to come leaves Shannon Joseph of Tacoma , Washington , confused . Originally from Canada , Joseph is Shannon Joseph Cowichan . She arrived she Sunday with her husband she who ’s a veteran . " It [ the pipeline ] stopped , but they ’re her husband, who’s a veteran drilling . So how ’s that going to work ? " Joseph says Shannon Joseph she huddles she a fire with others looking for warmth . " What are they going her husband, who’s a veteran do ? Is it going to cause more fights ? Are they going her husband, who’s a veteran spray us or shoot us with us bullets still ? "   The luxury to leave , the duty to stay , Chase Iron Eyes , a Standing Rock Sioux attorney and activist , marvels at what ’s evolved in recent months . " We have never known a time when    American allies from around the country , around the world have come here in the dead of winter to stand with us , We stand together to call for a new day , " he says . The battle being waged is about more than oil , land and water , says a woman who asks to be identified only by her first name , Cat .   Dressed in a long goatskin coat that was given to her by her Mongolian friend , Cat carries Cat gas mask , just in case anyone needs it . case first her to the camp thinking she ’d her for three days . That was more than a month ago .   The announcement to reroute the pipeline should be seen as a win , Cat says Cat but that represents just one battle in an ongoing war . " It ’s a    war as well and requires understanding what it means a   war those who are part of a marginalized community and what injustices [ to them ] those who are part of a marginalized community and what injustices [to them] have done over time done over time , " she says Cat She says Cat ’s Cat to know some of the Standing Rock Sioux who live in abject poverty and are here fighting the pipeline the pipeline They gave up some of the Standing Rock Sioux who live in abject poverty and are here fighting the pipeline to be here , " she says Cat " They have nothing some of the Standing Rock Sioux who live in abject poverty and are here fighting the pipeline this . " Blaze Starkey , a Lakota educator from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation , sees the Army Corp ’s decision as " a great step toward victory for everyone at Standing Rock and for everybody in the world that cares about living in a just place , in a clean place and in a place where people respect each other and the Earth . " He cautions , though , that it remains to be seen what will ultimately happen with this pipeline . People need to still keep a watchful eye and know that there ’s plenty of work still to be done .   " It does n’t address the police violence and militarization . It does n’t It the racism that we live with every day and that , I think , has been exposed to the world , " says Starkey , 31 .   " It does n’t It treaty issues that have been raised and it does n’t It similar circumstances that are faced by tribes all over the United States . " Gilles , who also asked that we use only his first name , says he wants the his to shift its attention to the US energy sources .   He came here his California in his    Pinzgauer his a vehicle made for the Swiss army for mountain rescues . He points out his whatever happens with the pipeline , " I get to leave . I have the luxury to do that . " The Standing Rock Sioux do n’t , which is why thousands     more than 10 , 000 people at this point     are still here . Like many others , Chase Iron Eyes fears what could come in the months ahead . " If    Trump could override what just happened . .. and grant that easement , then we ’re in for a world of hurt . Nothing has changed for us . " we cries   After the Army Corps decision , the tribe released   Trump thanking the Obama administration for hearing their concerns .     Trump In a system that has continuously been stacked against us from every angle we it took tremendous courage to take a new approach to our     relationship , we we will be forever our     , " Archambault wrote . But that does n’t mean the water protectors are packing up and leaving . On Monday afternoon , hundreds trudged through the unforgiving landscape and gusts of white as the blizzard strengthened . They were heading up hundreds highway toward the blockade on their side of the hundreds Bridge , which serves as the front line these days . As promised , the crowd up front hundreds veterans     many whom wore camouflage . There were drums and songs . Scattered between were the cries that have come to define this movement . No matter what statements come out from authorities or corporate giants , no matter how much the words contradict one another , this is n’t over . " Mni Wiconi ! " they yelled . " Water is Life ! " No one was waiting on the other side of the bridge to hear their cries , though . they so , they ’ll keep shouting those they into the wind the words 