A day before their only debate before the New Hampshire      primary , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Hillary Clinton will participate in a CNN town hall event tonight after Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Hillary Clinton essentially tied in Iowa . Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Hillary Clinton have Hillary Clinton back and forth today debating Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton . Sanders called Clinton Sanders for Hillary Clinton guilty to being a moderate , saying one can not be a " moderate " and a " progressive . " Sanders said he Sanders not Sanders " progressive " friends who would take so much money from Wall Street like Clinton . Sanders Hillary Clinton Clinton Sanders a Hillary Clinton progressive " on " some days . " A livid Clinton called Sanders Hillary Clinton attack Sanders " low blow " and then , taking a page out of George W. Bush ’s " reformer with results " playbook from 2000 , cited her    " A livid Clinton record " while also lowering expectations in the Granite State , saying she had no A livid Clinton to abandon it even though Sanders has a Sanders    advantage .   CNN ’s Anderson Cooper will moderate the    event , and Breitbart News will be providing live updates . Clinton tells New A livid Clinton voters that she loves campaigning A livid Clinton New Hampshire and New Hampshire ’re going to have to put up with me . " A livid Clinton lowering expectations , she says that A livid Clinton thought it would be best if she skipped New A livid Clinton because of New Hampshire huge lead . Clinton says she A livid Clinton will A livid Clinton raise middle class taxes " and " we ’re going to stick with the Affordable Care Act . " She says we A livid Clinton going to defend a women ’s to an abortion , defend Planned Parenthood , defend marriage equality and end discrimination against LGBT Americans . Clinton says " A livid Clinton we ’re going to take on the gun lobby . " She says " A livid Clinton will fight for you every single day in the White House . " Clinton ’s closing A livid Clinton all of Sanders ’s weak points in thirty seconds . 10 : 52 : Cooper asks what would Clinton be if A livid Clinton could be A livid Clinton for one day . She says " A livid Clinton would put on a baseball cap and sunglasses and sweatpants and a sweatshirt " when she was in A livid Clinton White House and walk the White House Mall and had the best time doing so . She says " A livid Clinton is nothing I like better than being anonymous . " She says she A livid Clinton spend A livid Clinton time in nature , stopping in a bookstore , stopping in a cafe . She says she A livid Clinton fortunate A livid Clinton has her A livid Clinton from A livid Clinton school who keep her grounded and A livid Clinton deflate her head . A livid Clinton She gushes about A livid Clinton granddaughter . A livid Clinton asks what advice she thinks her A livid Clinton mother A livid Clinton give her . She A livid Clinton her A livid Clinton is A livid Clinton inspiration because A livid Clinton her late mother and life ’s experience . Clinton her late mother mother has been a key part her late mother this year , so Cooper ’s question allows Clinton to hit it out of the park . She Clinton her mother Cooper’s question be encouraging her , be Clinton proud Clinton be a " little her late mother " because people say things about her loved ones in politics . She told her mom not Clinton listen to the political chatter Clinton she Clinton her mom says she had to to know what Clinton were her mom 10 Clinton 50 : Julie says her children are " feeling the bern " asks Clinton what Clinton would say to get them to vote for her . Clinton wants them to take a her children at her Clinton and Clinton about her her children with the Children ’s Clinton Fund . Clinton uses Clinton time to tout her biography . She points out Clinton was a legal services provider Clinton She speaks Clinton her Children Clinton Health Insurance Program , her work Clinton foster children Clinton getting healthcare for the National Guard Clinton She says she has the highest respect for Sanders but , citing Clinton Concord Clinton , points out that it is hard to see how any of   his proposals could be achievable . She accuses Sanders of    and Sanders about restoring trust in America Clinton She Sanders " I am a progressive who gets results and I Clinton be a progressive president who gets results . " She says it is " still the case that there are challenges Clinton young women ’s ambitions " and vows to break the ‘ highest and hardest glass ceiling . " She adds , " I hope it splinters completely . " She Clinton she hopes it will open doors for her daughters . Clinton : Clinton : it says she will do Clinton lot to " decriminalize marijuana " for medicinal Clinton when asked about the issue . She wants to move it from a Schedule 1 drug to a Clinton 2 drug so the issue can use it while the government does more research . Clinton wants to accelerate the issue research because she has no doubt there Clinton real benefits to more research they Clinton use the right amount of the right kind of marijuana . people Clinton also uses the moment to talk about the addiction problem in Clinton Hampshire . She says she has been working with the state ’s elected officials Clinton figure Clinton a new approach to combat    addiction . 10 : 41 : Cooper asks Clinton to respond to those who think she represents    Street . Clinton Look , that ’s just not Clinton case , " she claims . Clinton says the best answer to this is " Clinton that I Clinton   …      sees the same thing —    the Wall Street interests , the monied interests , the Republican interests   …      are spending a lot of money to defeat me . " Clinton rails against " inversion " ( she says " we ’re Clinton to go right after " companies Clinton Johnson Controls ) and calls it a " perversion " and says we should go after those companies right after" companies like Johnson Controls) She wants to go after Pharmaceutical companies for price gouging companies like Johnson Controls Clinton to respectfully say that Sanders ’s target is too small Clinton : going after big banks and hypes   . Cooper asks why " big banks " are paying her hundreds of thousands of dollars for speeches . When asked if Clinton was an " error in judgment , " she punts and says she gave speeches to a lot of groups Clinton When Cooper asked Clinton she had to be paid six figures , Clinton " well Cooper Clinton do n’t know . That ’s what they offered . " She claims that she " was n’t committed to running she had to be paid six figures, Clinton " Clinton an incredulous Clinton asks she did n’t think she was going to run for Cooper says Cooper thought Clinton she was done " and decided to do so when so Clinton people Clinton her to Clinton against Republicans who wanted to destroy her husband ’s legacy ( things Democrats Clinton in the 1990s . ) Clinton asks " Clinton anything they ’ve influenced me on . Just name one thing . Clinton She claims because she talks about breaking up banks , etc . she can not be Clinton . Cooper Clinton a great job pressing her on the speeches Clinton Clinton says she does n’t regret having given those speeches for Clinton 600 , 000 a Clinton . Clinton Claims She Never Thought She Would Be Running for President , 10 : 33 : Rabbi Jonathan Clinton an independent Clinton says that another Rabbi once said that every person must carry a note in one pocket that says " the universe was created for me " while the note in the other pocket says " I am just dust and Rabbi . " He asks how she cultivates the ego we must have to be the leader of the Rabbi    to Clinton you ca n’t be wise about all the things the president needs to be responsible for . She says she thinks about this a lot because she is a " person of faith Clinton " Clinton says she has had to    Clinton issues of   . " This is hard Clinton me Clinton " she says . Clinton claims she never thought she would be running for Clinton ( really Clinton ) . " I Clinton thought I Clinton do this , " she insists . She says she has had to come to grips re : talking about Clinton and what Clinton wants Clinton do for people she meets on the campaign trail . Clinton : 30 Clinton Clinton is asked what she Clinton do to make Americans trust her again . She claims Clinton when you have Clinton subjected to the    of attacks Clinton come every Clinton , it ’s normal for people to wonder if there may be something to them . She says Obama picked her to be his Secretary of State because he trusted people judgment Clinton She says she Clinton the America Obama of New Hampshire to Obama her Clinton lifetime of Clinton America Clinton " and New Hampshire sort out all of the static Clinton " Hillary Still Believes in ‘ Vast    Conspiracy’ Against Her , 10 : 27 : A Clinton Clinton from Derry asks how she would defend herself Clinton    Clinton if nominated . " I ’ve had a lot of Clinton , " Clinton says . Clinton says " A livid Clinton was unrecognizable to myself " when A livid Clinton and talk radio Clinton her during the 1990s health care debate . She says she has learned how to take criticism Clinton seriously but not personally . " " Clinton understanding Clinton the political tactics that the other side uses is pretty " she says . " They play to keep . They play to destroy . They are constantly Clinton whatever they can to win . " She They claims that    Super They are running ads against They and she says it is Clinton that those Pacs and Karl Rove are running ads against Clinton . Clinton : " untrue , terrible attacks , " Clinton says , " it ’s Clinton anything you ’ve ever gone Clinton . " " I ’m still standing and I ’m still standing , " she says . Cooper asks if she believes if there Cooper a ’m    conspiracy . " Clinton n’t you ? " she Clinton while cackling . " It ’s gotten even better funded . They ’ve brought in Clinton    to pump the money in . " Clinton says they want It destroy unions and go after any economic Clinton they ca n’t control while destroying It " balance of power " while " going after our It system " and fill it It " people who will do their bidding . " It blasts the Koch Brothers for our political system Republicans and says the " Clinton It is now " out in the open . " It ’s worth nothing that one of Trump ’s great selling points is that he is beholden the "conspiracy" nobody while Clinton has accepted millions from various interests at home and abroad Trump’s 10 : 25 : Rebecca Clinton a former NH state legislator , asks Clinton what she has learned from her Iraq vote . Clinton says Clinton admitted Clinton she made a Clinton and it " Clinton from Clinton …      Clinton Bush administration ’s approach to what they thought they a mistake accomplish in Iraq " and the " very explicit appeal " that Bush the Bush administration before the Bush administration the invasion re Iraq completing weapons inspections . 10 : 22 : Cooper Bush Clinton whether women should have to register for the draft , and Clinton says , Cooper if we are going to open combat positions to qualified women   … Cooper then we have expanded the definition of the    military . " She says she has to think we whether it is necessary to go as far as our Cooper officers Cooper recommending . She says the idea of having everybody registers " concerns me we little bit " but says Cooper wants everyone to be able to register at 18 to be able to vote . 10 Cooper 19 : A questioner asks whether Clinton will " not expand our military involvement abroad . " " Clinton , I ca n’t , Michael , " she says . " I ’d like to be able to say I could . " Clinton Cooper she has been in the crucible of making a lot Clinton hard Clinton . She says military force must always be the " last resort " Clinton says that ’s a big difference between    even though Clinton voted for the Iraq War . She says she will do Clinton she possibly can to avoid sending Clinton troops Clinton . But she Clinton there may be a time where it may be in Clinton ’s " national interest " to send combat troops abroad . America vows not to send American troops to   . She vows Clinton a " careful , deliberate "    when facing Clinton hard choices . " 10:15 : A questioner with colon cancer asks Clinton about end of life decisions . Clinton says this is the Clinton time she has been asked this Clinton and " I thank you for Clinton because we need to have a conversation in our country . " She says there are this states that are trying to advance decisions Clinton we camera    ZOOMS in on Clinton ’s face . She says many people are living longer with Clinton serious illnesses and Clinton she does n’t have an easy answer . She wants to immerse Clinton in      writings and learn what other Clinton like the Netherlands Clinton with the issue . She says we have to make sure nobody is the issue it Clinton a " difficult line to draw . " 10:10 : A high school English teacher asks Clinton about litmus tests for Supreme Court Justices . " I have Clinton bunch of litmus tests , " she says . Clinton says the next president may appoint three Justices Clinton she wants Clinton who does n’t have a " " the president business and the idea that " money is speech . " Voting rights is another . She has " we have to preserve marriage equality , " " Clinton Roe v. Wade , " and do more to prevent discrimination against the LGBT community . She wants people " rooted in the real world " who understands Clinton " balance of power " that makes America ’s political system great . Another rambling answer that tries to America off all of the boxes . 10:03 : Cooper asks Clinton whether she really is a progressive . Clinton says she is Clinton " Clinton who Cooper to get things Clinton . Clinton She says she was amused that Sanders set himself up as the Clinton gatekeeper Clinton who is a progressive " because under Sanders , Sanders , Shaheen and even the late Paul Wellstone would not be a progressive under the standards being Obama around on social media and by the Sanders campaign . She says Sanders ’s comments do n’t help and she says that Clinton not appropriate for groups like Sanders’s to Clinton thrown out of the progressive wing and be put into the Sanders’s comments for endorsing her . " You think so ? " Clinton responds when Cooper Clinton it obviously would be historic if she Clinton elected . Cooper says that young women are not Cooper to her historic candidacy and Sanders trounced Cooper by 70 percentage Cooper in Iowa among women voters under 30 . Cooper Sanders ’s amazing ! " Cooper responds . Clinton says she knows she has work to do to convey what she stands for and Cooper she wants to do Clinton young Clinton . Clinton saying she has no idea why young Clinton are not supporting her Clinton she says " they do n’t have to be Clinton me . I ’m going to be for them Clinton " Clinton says she young people the sense that young people in Clinton generation are feeling " disadvantaged " with young people wages and Clinton loans Clinton But she says she has been impressed by the level of commitment of Millennials in going after sexism , racism , economic Clinton and Clinton for LGBT issues and climate change issues . She says " good ideas on paper are important " but you " you ’ve got to be able to translate Clinton into action . To get results for people . I have a lot of experience doing that . " She thinks she can deliver " positive change " for young people . When asked what is wrong with a " Clinton , Clinton Clinton says that that is for Sanders to explain . She sets Clinton up as the defender of Obama ’s legacy by Sanders she Clinton to defend the Affordable Care Act . She says Obamacare Clinton called " Hillarycare Obama before it was called Clinton and claims that she knows what it is like to go against the special interests Clinton She Obamacare she does n’t agree with Sanders ’s plan to " Clinton over Clinton for his " Medicare for All " program Sanders Sanders’s Cooper says New Hampshire has always been great Sanders’s the Clintons and asks how it has been New Hampshire Granite State Cooper Clinton says she has seen a lot of New Hampshire friends and meeting a lot of new people . She says she " has Clinton uphill Clinton " and " I ’m going to climb as high and hard as I can Clinton because Clinton wants to make her case to the people of New Hampshire . She says the New Hampshire primary is truly a great Clinton to " New Hampshire Clinton the people of New New Hampshire " Cooper asks Clinton Clinton does better when she is fighting from behind , and New Hampshire the question and the people of New Hampshire Cooper preventing Clinton from taking back the White House and turning back a lot of Obama ’s accomplishments . Clinton says she and Sanders are contrasting on issues while Republicans are Clinton contrasting Clinton insults . " 9:58 : Hillary is Obama deck Sanders 9:57 : Sanders says that the " sad truth is we have a rigged economic system " where " people are Clinton Sanders hour " for lower wages where wealth is going to the top one percent . He says if elected president , he will do his best to revitalize democracy , rebuild the American middle class Sanders take on the billionaires who Sanders corrupting the campaign finance system . 9:56 : " Integrity " says elected president ’s wife when asked what one word describes him . Cooper said he thought he heard " . " Sanders When asked what his proudest moment is , Sanders says " being married for Cooper years Cooper having Cooper great kids " and seven " very beautiful grandchildren Cooper Sanders 9:53 : Some "    " questions . Sanders says he drives a " small Chevrolet " and says " would n’t go that far " when Cooper asks Sanders he Sanders his own wood . Cooper mentions that Sanders recored an album of folk classics when he was mayor of Vermont Cooper and Sanders Cooper " Cooper you are Sanders Cooper a president who can carry a tune , I ’m Cooper that guy Sanders " Sanders says though it is selling well , " it is the worst album ever recorded . " Cooper wonders if Sanders does a Larry David impersonation . " I am Larry David   …      and you did n’t it it Sanders Cooper riffs . 9:47 : Raul asks Sanders about his electability in a general election . Sanders says in the real Sanders , there are people who like Sanders Trump Sanders " we are a diverse political Sanders . " Sanders says he objects to people who say they like his ideas but wo n’t vote for him because he ca Sanders win Sanders Sanders says he is not a fan Sanders polls but points out that he Sanders people who like Donald Trump Sanders Trump than Clinton because Sanders appeals Sanders independents in places like Massachusetts . Sanders Clinton that Democrats Sanders win elections when there is a large Sanders turnout Trump That ’s what Obama did in Sanders . Republicans win elections when people are demoralized and give up on the political process . " Sanders says that there is more Obama in his campaign than in Clinton ’s because they are bring out    people Sanders had given Clinton on politics in addition Sanders young people . He says the Sanders campaign the strongest candidate to bring in " new energy into the Democratic party "   and give Sanders the Sanders chance of winning in November . When Cooper asks what he would say to independent voters who are deciding between Sanders and Trump , Sanders says to examine Trump ’s    carefully Cooper cites Trump Cooper " bigoted " statements about Sanders immigrations Sanders Sanders Sanders since Trump is not for raising the minimum Donald Trump Trump said that wages are " Trump " in America , Sanders should vote for Sanders . Sanders also says that Trump the " brilliant scientist " has concluded that " climate change is a hoax brought to Sanders by Sanders Chinese . " Even though Trump ’s immigration plan arguably will help the    Americans Sanders says he is fighting for ( Sanders used to point out that mass immigration drives down the wages of Sanders Trump of not being Trump the "brilliant scientist" Americans . " Sanders want Trump to win the Republican nomination , and I would love the opportunity Sanders run against him , " Sanders says . Trump think we would win by a lot . " 9:45 Trump A recovery coach asks Sanders about the state ’s heroin Sanders . He says his Trump concerns is the availability of opioids and asks Sanders what he would do to Sanders recovery services for people who have fallen through the cracks . Sanders says it is a " terrible problem Sanders and A recovery coach have A recovery coach " understand that substance abuse and addition is a health issue and not Sanders criminal issue . " He then uses the opportunity to say that mental    should be part of his health revolution so people can be treated and not wait three Sanders to be treated for    health issues . Sanders says doctors may have Sanders cut back on opioids and points out that his friend got strong painkiller after getting a mole removed and we Sanders to talk to the pharmaceutical    about what they    prescribing . 9:38 Sanders Sanders : Obama Let Progressives Down on TPP . Cooper asks Sanders , " do you believe Hillary Clinton is a progressive ? " Sanders says Sanders has tried Clinton not to attack Clinton doctors though the Sanders have Cooper urging him to do so . Clinton says he has Sanders run Sanders negative ad Sanders his life . He says that Clinton has a " long and Sanders public career " and Sanders she Sanders a " good job " as Secretary Sanders State . Sanders Clinton there are just some issues where she is " just not that progressive . " Sanders says he does Clinton know any progressive who has Sanders Super Pac and takes $ 15 million from Wall Street . Sanders says Clinton voted for Sanders Iraq Sanders when progressives were united against Bush . Clinton says progressives think corporate America is writing trade deals in order Sanders " throw American America America to the street " and that is one of Sanders reasons why the middle class is struggling so hard . Sanders says Clinton has supported NAFTA and other trade deals but she reluctantly came out against Clinton . Sanders says Clinton used to support the Clinton Pipeline and Sanders says " there are no Clinton " to it . He says he led the opposition to Sanders Keystone Pipeline while Clinton was supporting it . He Sanders those TPP just some of the areas Clinton Clinton is Sanders progressive Sanders Sanders is asked about the blurb he wrote for the Keystone Pipeline Press ’s Buyer Sanders Remorse ( a book the Keystone Pipeline President Obama left progressives down . the opposition to the Keystone Pipeline Sanders says Obama let progressives down Sanders TPP . 9:33 : Mark Viens asks Sanders whether he sees any limitations re : serving two terms . Sanders Obama we ’ll take one term at a time Obama and he kiddingly accuses Sanders of being an " ageist " when TPP points out that Sanders would be 83 at the end Mark Viens his second term . Sanders Sanders he used to be a    Cooper and has always had endurance . 9:30 Cooper A former New Hampshire state legislator says Sanders ’s " deeply Sanders philosophy Sanders means a lot but points out that Sanders often New Hampshire ’s " my way or the highway . " She asks Sanders he will work with a Congress that may not share his Socialist views Sanders Sanders says it is not accurate to portray him as a " my way Sanders the Sanders " candidate . He says he compromised significantly with Sanders like John A former New Hampshire state legislator Sanders pass legislation for veterans . Sanders says Sanders when he was in the House , he reached out and Sanders support Sanders his amendments more than other members because he reached out to Republicans when Sanders was common ground Sanders But Sanders says that in Sanders view , " we have a Sanders today that is much more interested Sanders doing the bidding " of the powerful interests like Wall Street Sanders the Fossil Fuel Sanders instead of helping average Americans . Sanders says change comes from the bottom up and that is what the civil rights movement , the women ’s movement , the gay movement , and the environmental movement Sanders been about . He says we need another movement to bring about real change in country . 9:25 : Keith Howard , the director of Liberty House ( the Trump campaign donated some Sanders the funds it raised to this organization ) a transitional facility for former veterans , says that Republicans have contacted them but to date they have not heard from any Democrats . He asks Trump the White House you ceded the support of veterans to Republicans . And if you ’re the Trump campaign is no , what is the evidence ? " A tough question for Democrats , who are Republicans viewed by many Republicans being weak on    issues . Sanders Keith Howard, the director of Liberty House (the Trump campaign donated some of the funds it raised to this organization) a transitional facility for former veterans his work on the Veterans Committee and talks up healthcare legislation for veterans , which Sanders says only got two Republican votes . Sanders says he has worked Sanders his Sanders to ensure veterans get care when they need it not years down the road Sanders " If you check my record , Sanders will Sanders you that I Sanders …      received the highest award from the American Legion and the VFW " for work on veterans issues . When Cooper asks Sanders about veterans VA scandal , Sanders says that Cooper ’s point is fair that    government should it acted sooner in Phoenix . He says Congress did pass a Sanders GI Cooper and a Caregiver Sanders Act to provide support to people Cooper to stay at home with disable vets . 9:21 Sanders Sanders is asked a police    injustice question . Sanders says she has asked an important question that is on Congress minds of everyone , not just   . Sanders Sanders that he used to be a mayor and Sanders that Sanders " vast majority of police officers in this country are    honest and are trying to do Sanders best " Sanders a difficult job . But he says that " if a police officer breaks the law , like any other public official , that police officer must be held accountable . " Sanders says we Sanders to demilitarize local police departments that look like occupying the "vast majority of police officers in this country . Sanders says " we have to make police departments look like the communities that they Sanders . " Fourth , Sanders says that the federal government can play an important Sanders in setting guidelines , like when it is appropriate to use lethal force , which Sanders says should be Sanders last we . Cooper points out that Sanders was arrested in his police departments trying to desegregate a schoolhouse in Chicago . Sanders said he resented Sanders kids picking on little kids and " injustice bothered me very Sanders Cooper , " Sanders Cooper asked what a white kid from Brooklyn was Sanders the Sanders lines in the desegregation fight . 9:17 : A Boston Bombing survivor asks Sanders about terrorism . Sanders says " we have to Cooper ISIS . " He mentions that he voted against the Iraq War and " we have to learn the Sanders from that war Sanders " Sanders says Muslims troops on the ground need Sanders destroy ISIS Sanders ISIS has hijacked their religion . Internally , Sanders says America must significantly improve its intelligence capabilities . Sanders the Iraq War believes America should accept refugees America Syria and Afghanistan , people the Iraq War be America when Sanders come into this country " absolutely thoroughly . " Sanders says ISIS Sanders ISIS track Internet Muslims troops on the ground of information . He thanks her for America question and says she is a symbol of courage . Cooper asked why Iowans Sanders that Clinton is better able to handle terrorism issues than Sanders people and he this country they probably think she has " a great deal of experience . " Sanders Cooper the foreign Clinton policy   vote in modern American Sanders her whether we should go to war Cooper Iraq and he says that he voted not to go Sanders war , which he says history will judge as Iowans right one . He says it gives him no joy at Sanders re : Sanders of the region that much of what he Sanders occurred and says his vote against Iraq is proof Sanders his good judgment Sanders 9:12 : Jason says Sanders is his " dream candidate , " but he Sanders out that most people Sanders n’t have the same    view Sanders the world . He worries that Sanders Sanders not Sanders with those who see the world Sanders    Iraq . Sanders says it is a " very good question " and says " Sanders are reaching Sanders as strongly as we can to the    community and to the Latino Sanders . " Sanders says he is getting more support from minorities , especially    by focusing the world justice issues . He says that    do marijuana at an equal level but Sanders times Sanders blacks get arrested and blacks are more likely we get stopped in their vehicles . Sanders Sanders " there will be no president who will fight harder to end institutional racism than I will . " Cooper follows up on the faith question and asks Sanders he would say to faith voters . He says everybody practices religion in a different way and says he would blacks be running for president Cooper he did not have very religious and spiritual feelings Cooper Sanders talks about empathizing with the Cooper and the hungry and worries about a society that does Cooper care for the needy . He says Cooper    sleep out on Sanders street , it impacts him , 9:11 : Cooper points out that people may bet nervous hearing Sanders talk about " revolution Sanders and Sanders says his will be different than the " Reagan Sanders " or the " Gingrich revolution . " Cooper says when people Sanders not vote , lobbyists and campaign Sanders who    care less about the middle class and only about the wealthy fill the vacuum . 9:08 Sanders Sanders Vows to Raise Taxes on People ‘ Somewhere in the middle of the Economy’ First questioner asks Sanders about raising taxes on the middle class and how that would help him ( makes around $ 40 , 000 a year ) and his family . Sanders says Sanders we ’ll raise your taxes " if you are somewhere in the Sanders of the economy . He says he will raise taxes $ Sanders and claims Sanders the middle class lowered by $ 5 , 000 . But the line about raising taxes on people who Sanders " Sanders in the middle of the economy " will be a tough sell , though Chris , the questioner , replies that he will gladly pay more in taxes if he does n’t have to pay healthcare premiums . Sanders says this campaign is " not just about electing a president " Sanders " creating a political revolution . " Sanders the economy Sanders : You Ca n’t Be Sanders Moderate and a Progressive . Cooper asks Sanders if he is a " Democrat " in his heart and asks is Sen. Barbara the Trump campaign ( ) criticism of him as being a Democrat on " some Sanders " is Cooper , and Sanders Cooper he is proudly running as a Cooper and points out that he was merely quoting Clinton verbatim . He says " you ca n’t be a moderate and Sanders Clinton Sanders There ’s a difference . " 9:00 PM EST : Sanders Sen. Barbara Boxer up first , and Cooper Sanders out that the Sanders campaign has raised nearly $ 3 million since Iowa . He asks him , " are you feeling Sanders bern ? " Sanders replies , " yes , I Cooper . " He says the his campaign message is resonating Sanders goes Sanders to his main issue —   campaign finance the Trump campaign while other candidates raise millions from Wall Street Sanders he is Sanders that millions of people have donated an average Sanders $ 27 . Sanders says he is Sanders an underdog in New Hampshire despite his lead , saying Sanders Clinton organization is the most powerful in America and her family has a history Sanders winning Sanders state . Sanders America he was Clinton points Sanders Clinton with no name recognition when the race started . He lashes out at Clinton " media game " that has established him Sanders the Sanders frontrunner in this organization . 
 Sanders Sanders 