A Democratic member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee told reporters Tuesday that A Democratic member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is preparing a challenge to    Donald J. Trump ’s choice for Secretary of State ,    CEO Rex W. Tillerson . [ " It is my expectation that we will have thorough hearings into questions that are already being raised by both Republican and Democratic senators , " said Sen. Christopher A. Coons ( D. . ) who is a graduate of Amherst College and both the Yale University law school and its school of divinity . a graduate of Amherst College and both the Yale University law school and its school of divinity sat in a brown cushioned chair next to an unlit fireplace in the room just outside the Senate ’s press gallery and took questions for 30 minutes in a format known as a " pen and pad . "   Although it has been the practice of Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Sen. Robert P. Corker Jr. ( R. . ) with nominations from President Barack Obama to only move forward when the Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimous , Coons said there is no way the committee Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimous in support of Tillerson . Coons said he Coons not Coons surprised if there are Republican votes against Tillerson in committee Tillerson as well . Presidential nominees need a simple majority in the Senate for confirmation , but with the Republicans sitting with 52 votes , plus incoming    Michael R. Pence to break a tie , three GOP defectors are enough to torpedo a nominee . The senator said he has never The senator Tillerson , and he is aware The senator members of the    national security establishment such as former secretary of state Condoleeza Rice and former Pentagon chief Robert M. Gates have praised the oil man . Coons allowed he would take The senator endorsements under consideration . Rice ’s endorsement has special meaning inside the national security community , because although she came to Rice during the Global War on Terror , her education and Rice was as an expert on Russia —   mentored by former secretary of state Madeleine Albright‘s father Josef Korbel .   The connection between Tillerson and Russia is crucial Russia Coon said . " Mr. Tillerson has Tillerson decades working at and most recently helping lead the world ’s largest publicly traded oil and gas company and that certainly gives him a deep and Tillerson experience , " the senator said . Coon are real differences between negotiating an oil contract , an oil exploration drilling contract in the Arctic with Vladimir Putin , and standing up for , fighting for core American values . " While President Barack Obama has at times opened the American sectors of the Arctic Ocean for oil exploration and at other times banned oil exploration there , the Russian government has had Russia and nurturing approach , with oil companies such as    drilling in its own corner of the Arctic Ocean Russia in the Arctic Ocean In 2013 , Russian President Vladimir Putin inducted Tillerson into Russia ’s Russia of Friendship to mark the company ’s energy investments in Russia . In 2014 ,    hit the largest Russia deposit in the company ’s history , estimated to be larger the company’s Gulf of Mexico . Later in 2014 , President Barack Obama placed economic sanctions on Russia —   in response to its aggression into Russia —   that shut down Russia ’s Russian operations before they really began to pay off . This " friendship " Russian operations Tillerson and Putin has been joined with charges by Capitol Hill Democrats and Obama administration officials that actors under the control of but not part of the Russian government hacked into the email servers of the Democratic National Committee and the Republican National Committee . The narrative put forward is that because the actors associated with the Russian government only leaked emails damaging to the Democrats and the presidential campaign of their nominee Hillary R. Clinton , it must have been the the actors associated with the Russian government of the Russian government to The narrative Trump get elected and to hurt the Russian government . Coons said he understands that there is no direct evidence that Russian government officials directed Coons in the 2016 presidential campaign , and he does not know of a concrete effect this participation could have had Coons the election results . That is why Congress has to investigate , he said . After the House and Senate intelligence committees have conducted their Coons investigations , the Delaware senator said he expects the Republican leadership the House and Senate intelligence committees establish a select Coons a further and Coons investigation . The senator said he was also concerned about the potential appointment of former ambassador to Coons Nations John Coons to serve as Tillerson ’s deputy . " Bolton is —   my impression is —   is an unreconstructed    who still believes former ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton Iraq War was a great idea , despite all evidence to the contrary , whose views on Iran remain very hard line and who in combination with Tillerson will provide little restraint on a    and a national security team that strike me as too heavily inclined towards the use of force , rather than diplomacy . " Here ’s my full statement on    Trump ’s nomination of Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State : pic . twitter .    —    Senator Chris Coons ( @ChrisCoons ) December 13 , 2016 , 
 