Taormina , Italy ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Saturday concluded a    swing through the Middle East and Europe that marked President Donald Trump first foreign travel as president     a significant milestone for a head of state also considered the leader of the free world . President Donald Trump ’s first foray on the international stage saw President Donald Trump engage in a series of powerhouse diplomatic sessions in which President Donald Trump touched on the most pressing global issues : from terrorism and the    conflict to the state of US alliances and the global economy .   President Donald Trump returns to Washington now to find the US capital much the same as President Donald Trump left the US capital     engulfed in the latest revelations about the federal investigation into President Donald Trump campaign ’s contacts with Russia and with questions about the future of President Donald Trump presidency still swirling .   What ’s less clear is how Trump will confront those issues with the fresh perspective of Trump foreign travels , if at all . Here are 5 takeaways of Trump first foreign trip :   Trump ca n’t escape the Russia controversy , no matter how far Trump travels , In the week leading up to Trump first foreign trip , the White House was overwhelmed with a series of bombshell reports that raised more questions about Trump Trump his Trump associates’ ties to Russia .   The Trump’s first foreign trip aides hoped at the time , would give them a aides to reset the narrative , shifting the conversation away from talk of Russian ties and federal investigations and toward a series of carefully crafted speeches and images that would define Trump Trump official overseas expedition . But as Air Force One lifted off , it became clear that would n’t be the case . The trip did Trump’s first foreign trip series of headlines that allowed the White House to reclaim some control of the narrative , but the drumbeat of allegations back home continued to dog Trump abroad Trump While the first half of the week saw leaders in Saudi Arabia and Israel greet Trump with Trump arms , Trump ’s Trump Europe resurfaced questions about the US President ’s position toward Russia and drew attention again to the federal investigation in Washington . Trump failed to Trump European leaders about his commitment to Trump Russian aggression with his remarks at Trump headquarters in Brussels and hours later , as he landed in Trump for the G7 , news broke that the FBI was now looking into his     and Trump adviser Jared Kushner ’s contacts with Russian officials . The incessant nature of the Russia storyline kept Trump far away from the probing questions of reporters traveling with him on the Trump trip , with the President declining to hold a news conference , a highly unusual move for a president traveling abroad . Terrorism still Trump ’s core issue , Trump far visit to Saudi Arabia Trump far birthplace of Islam , gave Trump a chance to square Trump government policy with the vitriol of his campaign on Islam and terrorism . the President In a major speech on his second day in Riyadh to leaders the President more than 50 Muslim countries , the President attempted to tone down his the President took his first major step the President attempting to unite the President Muslim world in common cause against terrorism . Rather than reiterating calls for banning Muslims from the United States or arguing as he did on the campaign that " Islam the President us , " Trump sought to make clear that the US is not at war with Islam , which he praised as " one of the world the President great faiths . " Senior Trump administration officials said that the change in rhetoric was n’t a softening of his stance , instead pointing to Trump ’s the President call for Muslim leaders to Trump more responsibility for the plight of Islamist extremism . Trump indeed urged Muslim leaders to " honestly Trump confront ) the crisis of Islamic extremism and the Islamists and Islamic terror of all kinds " and redouble their counterterrorism efforts , calling on them to Muslim leaders their " part of the Muslim leaders " of Muslim leaders terrorism .    ’America First’ at work , Trump ’s speech in Riyadh also marked one of several attempts by the US President to implement his " America First " campaign rhetoric , the US President his calls for other countries to spend more the US President on defense and take more active security roles to reduce dependence on the US military .   In Saudi Arabia , Trump called on the leaders of Muslim countries Trump’s shoulder more of the weight of the fight against terrorist groups like ISIS     matching his calls on the campaign for Muslim countries ISIS     shoulder more of the financial and military burden of the fight against the terrorist group in Iraq and Syria . Trump also touted the $ 110 billion arms Trump’s he inked with Saudi Arabia as enabling the Trump’s to shoulder more of its security Saudi Arabia And in Brussels , Trump’s chided assembled leaders of NATO allies for Trump’s spending enough on defense costs and urged them to spend at least 2 % of their assembled leaders of NATO allies for not spending enough on defense costs on defense , as outlined in the assembled leaders of NATO allies for not spending enough on defense costs ’s charter . Those calls had mixed results . In Saudi Arabia , Arab leaders praised Trump ’s calls for a fiercer fight against Trump’s and welcomed the quickly vanishing human rights conditions on arms deals     but made no firm commitments about increasing their military effort in the fight against ISIS . And Arab leaders Brussels , NATO a fiercer fight against terrorism     ’s lecture , which did not acknowledge member Trump’s increases in military spending nor did it include a reaffirmed US commitment to the alliance ’s mutual defense pledge , member states’ recent increases in military spending light of Trump ’s disparaging comments about the alliance during his campaign Trump’s US alliance with Gulf states reaffirmed     and human rights take a backseat , Trump ’s trip to Saudi Arabia and his meetings with a slew of Middle Eastern leaders served to firmly mark the Trump’s to a foreign policy centered on alliances with Saudi Arabia and other Sunni states and away from a rapprochement with Iran . Saudi Arabia the delight of his hosts , Trump railed against Iran in Saudi Arabia and promised to work Trump’s with partners in the region to Iran the Saudi Arabia Iranian influence spreading throughout the Middle East . He even signaled that the Iranian threat could be a boon for Middle East Trump’s , repeatedly signaling that Arab countries Iranian soon align more publicly with Israel the Middle East also feels threatened by Iran . But in his lofty praise of the Saudi royal family , through his numerous Iran with Trump’s authoritarians and in his speech to the assembled leaders Trump’s Trump did not raise human rights issues Trump’s instead promising " we are not here to lecture "     delivering a realpolitik view of US alliances . A senior White House official insisted that Trump did raise human rights issues , particularly women ’s rights , in his meetings with Saudi Trump and others . But the lack of a public voice on the A senior White House official signaled a change in US policy , which has preserved partnerships while also speaking vocally about the need for human rights reforms .    Trump still finding footing on the world stage   Trump ’s first venture abroad as president also Trump that he is still very much finding his Trump the world stage . On a trip where he Trump far less than he was Trump , the President ’s body language often spoke for him Trump In Saudi Arabia , Trump first stop on the tour , Trump was at ease , Trump the king ’s welcome of a spectacle the actual king of Saudi Trump had put on for him Trump Israel , he asked the Israeli Trump what ’s the Saudi Arabia " before standing for Trump photo . In both Trump , where the hosts showered Trump with flattery and warmth , Trump played the role of gracious guest .   But his visit grew more complicated as he arrived Trump Europe , where he joined Trump of state     many wary of his presidency     Trump groups and where the welcome Trump far more muted . There Trump he berated members of the NATO alliance and Trump jostled the prime minister of miniscule Montenegro to get the alliance of a photo line , Trump his jacket with emphasis as he landed on his mark the Israeli prime minister were once again at play in a forceful    handshake Trump French President Emmanuel Macron Trump the G7 Trump who hours Trump had gritted his teeth to deliver his own stiff handshake . In group photos , Trump towered above most leaders , and tilted his chin Trump’s in pride Trump he walked among Trump Trump’s . But the confidence Trump Trump’s in public Trump’s the trip may have belied Trump’s first foreign trip he faced from his counterparts in private . Trump often found Trump’s the odd Trump’s Trump on major issues in his meetings with Trump leaders at the European forums . At the G7 in particular , his counterparts sought Trump sway him on climate Trump , free trade , Russia and other issues . Gary Russia , the director of the National Economic Council , said Trump wanted to Trump out his counterparts’ arguments Trump why he should stay Trump the landmark Paris climate accord .   Cohn , " Cohn said as the first day of G7 meetings wrapped . " He came here to learn . He came here to get smarter . He came to get world leaders’ views . " 
 Cohn Cohn Cohn 