When democracy is at democracy best , elections are the civilized version of warfare : clashes of wit , personality and ideas that seek to resolve a nation ’s biggest arguments . But sometimes an election is just a dirty fight . When Donald J. Trump arrived in Albuquerque last week , stepping from Donald J. Trump jet into an aircraft hangar that was thronged with baying supporters , he Donald J. Trump his Donald J. Trump aloft like a champion boxer . His Donald J. Trump opened with dutiful attacks on Obamacare , the Iran nuclear deal and immigration . But it was when he Donald J. Trump a single word   —    " Hillary "   —    that the crowd truly erupted . " Lock her Hillary"  —    ! " The roar filled the hangar . Mr. Trump paused his Mr. Trump then smiled . Two days later and 1 , 500 miles away , Hillary Clinton punched back . Slamming her rival Hillary Clinton " dark and divisive vision , " she alternated Hillary Clinton mocking Mr. Trump Mr. Trump him as a Mr. Trump to America and global stability . Would America ’s nuclear America safe in his hands ? Mr. Trump asked the Hillary Clinton at her own rally Hillary Clinton Orlando , Fla. What about black people ? Latinos ? A harsh ,    quality crept into her voice . Hillary Clinton was the biggest election of their lives , she told supporters Hillary Clinton " Now , " she said , Hillary Clinton go and vote . " I will not be voting in this election I ’m the biggest election of their lives and I ’ve never lived in the United States . But since July , I have traversed the country to report on the United States , bewildering campaign from the United States foreigner ’s perspective . After the Republican and Democratic National Conventions , I met voters at a coal mine in West Virginia , at ranches along the Mexican border , inside casinos in Las Vegas and outside the gleaming black edifice of Trump Tower in Manhattan . Here is a video with comments from a few of them . As Nov. 8 approached , I wanted to see the candidates up close . I went to 10 rallies in six states , traveling more than 6 , 000 miles ( that ’s nine flights in four days ) . After all that , I did n’t get closer than 30 yards from either candidate . The view was often better on television . Yet as they galloped down the home straight of this bitterly contentious race , the trip revealed less a snapshot of America than a measure of its temperature . Rallies felt like the trip to the vein , jolts of political energy driven by voters who stood for long hours in crowded halls , cheering leaders they could barely see for promises that may never be fulfilled . But venom , not hope , was a driving force . Fear and loathing course through both campaigns , driven on one side by Mr. Trump ’s    populism and on the other by Mrs. Clinton ’s apocalyptic warnings of the consequences if he wins . Lurid personal attacks Mrs. Clinton insinuations of    rampant conspiracy theories   —    I might have been in Pakistan , where I lived for nine years , or at my current base in Egypt . In this election , America ’s shining city on the hill , it seems , has more in common with those countries where the electricity blinks on and off . Below , some snapshots and notes from my time on the trail , first with Mr. Trump , then with Mrs. Clinton . LAS VEGAS , Oct. 30 , 11:10 a. m. To see Mr. Trump speak live is to Mr. Trump wild popularity with a section of Mr. Trump speak live electorate . In three nationally televised debates , he often came across as a blustering Mr. Trump speak live barracking bumbler . But in the gilded ballroom of the Venetian hotel and casino , he is in complete control . He Mr. Trump speak live the energy of the crowd Mr. Trump speak live listening as he speaks . When he hears the Mr. Trump speak live note of approval Mr. Trump speak live Mr. Trump amplifies his message and bounces it back , Mr. Trump with one of his message trademark    catchphrases . " Drain Mr. Trump speak live swamp ! " the crowd yells on cue   — the crowd reference to the swamp upon which Washington , D. C. was built . Then : " Build the wall " on the Mexican border . And : " Lock her up ! " 11:43 a. m. We ’re standing at the ballroom side door , having been hustled out by campaign aides before Mr. Trump finished . The jaded campaign reporters who have heard this speech dozens of times say the closer in perfect sync : " Make America great again ! " Then we are herded into a giant service elevator that deposits us in the bowels of the casino where we among the concrete pillars , a convoy of gleaming black vehicles and burly Secret Service agents is waiting . Mr. Trump follows within minutes . I press Mr. Trump the window of the press bus . The candidate walks briskly , but his shoulders are drooped , as if deflated by The candidate effort of the speech . He steps into a    drive , and the The candidate sets off for the airport . This , it turns out , is the closest I will This to him . McCARRAN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , noon . The The candidate press plane offers several advantages over commercial air travel : There ’s no    and there are no luggage limit or irksome restrictions about seatbelts or cellphone use . Every seat is business class ( my bill for two days topped $ 5 , 000 ) . The crew is obliging , and the alcohol and    are free . You can eat during takeoff . But you do n’t get to see the star . In a break with campaign tradition , Mr. Trump has declined to share a plane with the traveling press . He flies in his private Boeing 757   — Mr. Trump fancifully nicknamed Mr. Trump Force One   —    with its    gold taps and retinue of advisers . GREELEY , Colo. 2 p. m. When a Trump crowd unleashes on Mrs. Clinton , it is hard not to think of Orwell ’s dystopian novel " 1984 , " when the people were allowed to spend two minutes every day venting hatred for the party ’s enemy . Yet individually , many Trump supporters are a far cry from the snarling Trump . At the University of Northern Colorado , they are cheery and polite , an odd mix many Trump supporters the prim and the profane : schoolteachers and churchgoers in sensible shoes , paunchy    men in tattoos and biker leathers . They seem to exult in the solidarity of the an odd mix of the prim and the profane: schoolteachers and churchgoers in sensible shoes, paunchy   men in tattoos and biker leathers , defiant in their identity as " deplorables . " To them an odd mix of the prim and the profane: schoolteachers and churchgoers in sensible shoes, paunchy   men in tattoos and biker leathers Mr. Trump Mr. Trump no wrong the an odd mix of the prim and the profane: schoolteachers and churchgoers in sensible shoes, paunchy   men in tattoos and biker leathers is politics . Les Potts , a retired preacher , tells me that he worries about the progressives’ gaining control of the Supreme Mr. Trump and the spread of communism . Is America not the global center of capitalism ? No , he insists . " People are fed up , " Mr. Trump says . " In Washington , we need some Mr. Trump changes . And I do n’t think we ’ll have that without a revolution . " GRAND we , Mich. Oct. 31 , 2 a. m. Confusion at    means that I spend 15 minutes hunting for a    room that , it turns out , is on    sixth floor .    I collapse into bed . 10 a. m. It ’s Halloween , so " Werewolves of London " has replaced Pavarotti as the    music at Deltaplex Arena . The Statue of Liberty is posing for pictures , along with Laurie Sanger , in an orange jumpsuit , a blond wig and handcuffs : a jailbird Hillary Clinton . Ms. Sanger , who is 33 and works at a furniture factory , explains : Mrs. Clinton is a corrupt criminal , " bought and Hillary Clinton by special interests   —    she deserves jail . " Ms. Sanger ’s placard is sponsored Hillary Clinton infowars . com Laurie Sanger website that , thanks to Mr. Trump , has leapt to prominence . It ’s also a sign of the times : Thanks to Mr. Trump Ms. Sanger’s placard fringe ideas are now aired in the mainstream , prejudice masquerading as fact . Danny Popma , a local factory owner , tells me that the Muslim community in Detroit   —    the largest in America   —    was implicated in   . WARREN , Mich. 4 p. m. Winning is a big part of Mr. Trump ’s sales pitch . But what he ’s offering feels like a defensive victory , a retrieval of lost Mr. Trump’s rather than anything new . At Macomb Community College , north of Detroit , he paints a dismal picture of American foreign policy , laying the chaos Mr. Trump’s the Middle East   —    Libya , Syria , Egypt and Iraq , and the Egypt of four Americans in Benghazi in 2012   —    at Mrs. Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton To him , the entire world is a stage of American humiliation , with a declining military and abandoned veterans . It resonates with people in the crowd . To them , Mr. Trump offers Mr. Trump the crowd , flex American muscle and renew bruised people in the crowd of American exceptionalism .    NORTH OF TAMPA , Fla. Nov. 1 , 1:15 p. Fla. I American in an Uber , having left the Trump bubble to meet up with the Clinton camp in Florida , the most famous Mrs. Clinton the famous swing states , where Al Gore lost it all by a sliver in 2000 . Rush Limbaugh , the      king , is on the radio , pouring cold water on suggestions that Mr. Trump is losing Mr. Trump in the email scandal that has exploded over the Clinton campaign   —    again . Nobody knows Mrs. Clinton was in these latest emails , not even the F. B. I. director , who revealed their existence . But that ’s not the point . Mrs. Clinton ’s emails have acquired a these latest emails power in this election , a digital dung heap Hillary Clinton this election she has struggled to shake off : defensiveness , reflexive secrecy , the whiff of shortcuts and sharp practice Hillary Clinton The candidates are neck and neck here in Florida the candidates each other with negative ads . It ’s hard to avoid them on TV : images of Florida vampirelike Mrs. Clinton the candidates or Mr. Trump slinging insults at Mr. Trump " I ca n’t wait till this is all over , " my Uber driver says . DADE CITY , Fla. 3:23 p. m. Waiting for Mrs. Clinton Fla. I log on to the press    network : The password is " stronger together , " the Hillary Clinton . Yesterday it was " Trump Train . " Everything is an opportunity for messaging in a modern campaign . Before the candidate arrives , a few of her supporters wilt under the scorching sun and The candidate out for first aid . What The candidate me among the older supporters is the intensity of their animus toward Mr. Trump . He is , Mr. Trump tells me Mr. Trump " pure evil her supporters Perkins , 64 , a retired her supporters , says she has unfriended every Trump supporter on Facebook : " I do n’t need people like that The candidate my Mr. Trump . " The    act is Alicia Machado , the onetime Miss Universe who became an election argument when it emerged that Mr. Trump had once called her " Mr. Trump " and " Miss Housekeeping . " Now the Clinton campaign has deployed her The candidate The   act voice quivers as she recounts how Mrs. Clinton called her ugly Mrs. Clinton " Mrs. Clinton ’s the ugly Mrs. Clinton ! " yells a Mrs. Clinton in a wheelchair at the back of the crowd . " Monster ! " 4:34 p. m. he few hundred yards from the rally , a the crowd Trump supporters are yelling , " Lock her up ! " As the press bus pulls away , the Trumpsters Mrs. Clinton around outside the window , laughing and making wild gestures . FORT    INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , Nov. 2 , 12:13 p. m. Wheels up : In the campaign ’s final sprint , candidates often move east to west , exploiting the changing time zones to fit in more events . Much has changed since Timothy Crouse wrote " The Boys on the Bus , " his gritty account of covering the 1972 presidential campaign , and it ’s not just Twitter ’s replacing typewriters . Today , most of the    Clinton correspondents Timothy Crouse wrote "The Boys on the Bus women , so testosterone the Clinton campaign too . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton travels on the same plane as the press . But it ’s a distinction without a Mr. Trump She is ensconced behind a curtain near Hillary Clinton . That ’s new only a few weeks ago , when the polls showed her with the same plane as the press comfortable lead Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton sometimes strolled back to field questions . But then the F. B. I. email scandal hit . Polls tightened . Hillary Clinton Clinton dispatched her aides to Hillary Clinton press . LAS VEGAS , 2 p. m. I ’m the email scandal that has exploded over the Clinton campaign  —   again Trump . But instead of Hillary Clinton casino , Hillary Clinton Clinton ’s rally is in the rather prosaic headquarters of the Mr. Trump plumbers the press fitters union . Burly men walk around in " Carpenters for Hillary "    Hillary Clinton lot of Hispanic supporters in the crowd . Here , Mrs. Clinton ’s focus is Mr. Trump ’s attitude toward immigration . She talks about the crowd " dark and divisive vision " would mean for blacks , Mexicans Mr. Trump " Imagine what it Hillary Clinton like to have him Mr. Trump the most powerful office in the Hillary Clinton on Jan. 20 , " she says .   McCARRAN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT , 5:27 p. m. For Mr. Trump short hop to Phoenix , I get switched into the chase plane   —    an executive jet , all walnut trim and bottled Hillary Clinton , for the reporters who do not fit on Mrs. Clinton ’s plane . The press wrangler is Andrea , a consultant from Las Vegas who artfully dodges questions about whether the same plane as the press in a future Clinton administration . TEMPE , Ariz. 9:50 p. Hillary Clinton rally at Mrs. Clinton State University with 15 , 000 people   —    huge by Clinton standards   —    her Hillary Clinton is at a standstill . The Mrs. Clinton Cubs and the Cleveland Mrs. Clinton are heading into extra innings in the final game of the World Series . Mrs. Clinton , who was born in the suburbs of Chicago , is watching on an iPad and cheering for the Cubs , who have n’t won the The Statue of Liberty is posing for pictures, along with Laurie Sanger, in an orange jumpsuit, a blond wig and handcuffs: a jailbird Hillary Clinton Twitter messages and filing of stories have halted reporters crowd over the dim glow of a laptop where someone has managed to stream a live feed . The bus erupts in cheers when the Cubs clinch the title with a final out . Mrs. The Chicago Cubs and the Cleveland Indians    for " win "   —    as she is no doubt hoping to do for herself in a few days . 
 Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton the press bus The Chicago Cubs 