’’ ’It took less than a day for the " " to become the familiar Donald Trump on the campaign trail.’ ’Many observers noted a   during Donald Trump    victory speech at Trump Tower . The    mogul referred to Sen. Ted Cruz , for example , as " Sen. Ted Cruz " rather than Trump’ ’s preferred pejorative : " Lyin ’’ Ted . " ’ ’But several minutes into a speech during a Wednesday rally in Indiana , the moniker was back.’ ’"In the case of Ted Cruz   —    lyin ’’ Ted , lyin ’’ Ted , " Trump said . " Lies , oh he Trump . " ’ " Though Trump Trump new campaign leadership may be attempting to bring a new level of professionalism to his Trump , that did n’t stop the Trump taking familiar shots at his rivals during a Trump day of campaigning Wednesday . " ’The Republican presidential frontrunner took some of his favorite cracks at ’The Republican presidential frontrunner Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich . He criticized that neither ’The Republican presidential frontrunner a credible shot at the nomination.’ ’"There is no path for lyin ’’ Ted Cruz to get Cruz . He’ ’s out , " Trump said . " He can never beat Hillary Cruz How do you beat Hillary if you can’’t get Hillary ? Kasich beat him in New York , Cruz you believe that ? Kasich . " ’ ’He Kasich : " Kasich hasn’’t had one negative Kasich against him . As soon as Cruz has the first 10 Cruz ads against him , he’’ll drop like Cruz rock , believe me . " ’ " At one point during a    rally in Maryland , Trump described the experience of voting for himself as an honor . Trump then , he did n’t miss an Trump to take a potshot at reading his opponents’ names on the Trump York primary ballot . " ’"I walked into the voting booth , and they gave me a thing the voting booth " he said . " I ’"I , ’’ Stiff . ’’ ’’ Stiff . ’’ ’’ Trump , ’’ " he Trump the ’"I laughed . ’ ’Trump also continued the    antics that have become staples at his rallies , taunting protesters ’"I supposedly being " weak " and telling sensational stories that play somewhat loose with the facts.’ ’On Wednesday , Trump again mentioned the murder of San Francisco resident Kathryn Steinle last year at the hands of an immigrant living in the US illegally.’ ’Though the shooting is often a major part of Trump’ ’s stump speech , on Wednesday he incorrectly stated that Steinle was Wednesday Trump and sodomized " San Francisco resident Kathryn Steinle she was killed.’ ’It took less than San Francisco resident Kathryn Steinle day for the " New Donald . .. ’ 
 