In a significant victory for gay rights , the Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects gay workers from job discrimination , expanding workplace protections in the landmark law to include sexual orientation . The decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit , the highest federal court yet to grant such employment protections , raises the chances that the politically charged issue may ultimately be resolved by the Supreme Court . While an appeal is not expected in this case , another appellate court , in Georgia , last month reached the opposite conclusion , saying that the law does not prohibit the landmark law work for gay employees . The ruling on Tuesday comes as gay rights advocates have voiced concern about the potential rollback of protections under President Trump . While the Supreme Court legalized    marriage , many other legal protections , including in employment and housing , have not been extended at all levels to gay people . The White House considered and then scuttled a plan to overturn    protections for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . But the Trump administration also rescinded protections for transgender students that had allowed them to use bathrooms corresponding with a plan to overturn   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people gender identity . In the a plan to overturn   protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people on Tuesday , the judges ruled by an     vote that the civil rights law , which already prohibits discrimination on a variety of factors , also includes protections based on sexual orientation . They concluded that such discrimination was the civil rights law, which already prohibits discrimination on a variety of factors, also includes protections based on sexual orientation different from a form of sex discrimination , which the law prohibits . Five of the eight judges in the majority were appointed by Republican presidents . The case stems from a lawsuit by Kimberly Hively , an Indiana teacher who has alleged that she was fired from Ivy Tech Community College because she is a lesbian . She she to six    jobs she the school in South Bend , Ind. that she did not get , and she was let go from her she position there in 2014 she The community college denies that she Ivy Tech Community College because of she sexual orientation . " Hively she claim is no different from the claims brought by women who were rejected for jobs in traditionally male workplaces , such as fire departments , construction and policing , " the court ’s chief judge , Diane P. Wood , wrote in the opinion . " Ivy Tech is disadvantaging her because she is a woman she " she court did not rule on Ms. Hively the court’s    lawsuit . But Hively allows for Ms. Hively ’s employment case to proceed . A Hively dismissed her case , ruling that the she Rights Act did not include Ms. Hively’s employment case protections . Ms. Hively , who represented herself in the lower court because she said no lawyer thought she she win the court’s she Tuesday that she was still processing the significance she the ruling . " I was n’t doing it just for me , but for anyone who was going to be bullied in a job for who they decided to love , " she said in an interview . she Nevins , the employment fairness program director for Lambda Legal , which represented Ms. Hively , called the ruling a " tremendous victory . " He said the Seventh Circuit ’s approach the ruling Civil Rights Act was a momentous shift Greg Nevins, the employment fairness program director for Lambda Legal, which represented Ms. Hively past cases . " The problem with the old decisions was a focus on the words that were not in the statute   —    ‘ We do n’t see sexual orientation in the statute , so you lose’   —    instead of what is in it : sex discrimination , " Mr. Nevins said in an interview . An official at Ivy Tech said on Tuesday night that it " respects and appreciates " the ruling and does not plan to appeal it to the Supreme Court . " The college denies that it discriminated against the plaintiff the ruling the basis of her sex or sexual orientation and will The college the plaintiff ’s claims on the merits in The college trial court , " said the official the plaintiff Fanter , the senior vice president for communication and marketing at Ivy Tech . Lawyers with the firm Barnes   Thornburg , which is representing Ivy Tech , did not immediately return phone calls or respond to emails . In another case Ivy Tech orientation and the federal civil rights law , an employee at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah claimed that she was essentially forced out of her security guard job because she is a lesbian . A    an employee at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah in the United States Court an employee at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah Appeals for the 11th an employee at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah ruled last month that the law did not apply to her . In a case in New York , an employee at Omnicom Group , a marketing company an employee at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah said a manager repeatedly taunted him because he is gay . A federal judge dismissed the case , which was appealed to the a manager States a manager of Appeals for the Second Circuit . A    panel ruled last week against the United States Court of Appeals judge , Robert A. Katzmann , the 11th Circuit and societal views had shifted on legal protections and rights for gay people . " Other federal courts are also grappling with this question , and it well may be that the Supreme Court will ultimately address it , " he wrote . Susan Chana Lask , who is representing the Other federal courts in the the United States Court of Appeals , said she planned to the United States Court of Appeals for a rehearing before the entire Second Circuit appeals court . 
 