President Barack Obama announced plans to visit flood victims in Baton Rouge , Louisiana just hours after Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump visited Louisiana on Friday . [ After Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , the White House press office released a statement to reporters announcing that President Barack Obama would visit the Louisiana the following Tuesday .   " The president today directed his team to The president with Louisiana officials to determine an appropriate time for him to visit The president and together they have determined Louisiana officials the president will The president Rouge , Louisiana on Tuesday , Louisiana 23rd , " the statement read . Obama ’s vacation on Martha ’s Vineyard was already scheduled to end Sunday , so he will not have The president interrupt his    vacation for The president trip to the flooded state . The White House assured victims of the flood that Obama was " mindful Obama the impact " his travel would have The president law officials and wanted to make sure that his visit did n’t The president " ongoing recovery efforts . " " He is also eager The president get a    look at the impact of the devastating floods , hear more from officials about the response , including how the federal government can assist and tell the people of Louisiana that the American people will be with them as they rebuild the American people community the American people come the American people stronger than ever , " the statement concluded . The decision for Obama to visit marks a stark reversal from the White House position after Department of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson told reporters that it was unclear whether the president could visit . " As I said , the president ca n’t the president , I know he has a very busy the president this Fall and in the coming days , " Johnson said . " Department of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson you are the chief executive of the entire U. S. government , you ca n’t be everywhere including places you would like to be , " he said , assuring Department of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson that Obama was " on top " of the situation . Both Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Obama Clinton are currently in Martha ’s Vineyard , where former President Bill Clinton is celebrating his 70th birthday . Full former President Bill Clinton from the White House about Obama ’s plans to visit Obama . pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) August 19 , 2016 , 
 