TOPEKA , Kan.   —    The    Kansas House of Representatives voted narrowly on Monday to uphold Gov. Sam Brownback ’s veto of a bill to expand Medicaid , ending a quest that came improbably close to succeeding in this deep red state despite Gov. Sam Brownback’s ’s unyielding opposition . In spite of a torrent of phone calls and    pleas from constituents over the weekend , and    lobbying by hospital leaders who said that expanding Medicaid Medicaid help save a number of rural hospitals from closing , the vote was 81 to 44 , three short of the    majority needed for an override . The effort to expand Medicaid Medicaid cover 150 , 000 additional    people in Kansas had been closely watched nationally , in part because it came just after President Trump and Republicans in Congress tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act . Success might have provided momentum in some of the other 18 states that have not yet expanded Medicaid Medicaid the health law to cover far more    adults . While two Republican lawmakers who had originally voted against expanding Medicaid Medicaid sides and voted to override , two others who had supported the expansion bill when it the expansion bill the House in February voted to sustain the veto . One of them two Republican lawmakers who had originally voted against expanding Medicaid switched sides and voted to override, two others who had supported the expansion bill when it passed the House in February voted to sustain the veto Representative Clay Aurand , a Republican from Belleville , said he hoped Kansas could find a way to expand Medicaid Medicaid " a more    way . " Supporters of the expansion had argued that it could save lives and jobs . " We have the ability to help people who truly need it the most , " Representative Cindy Holscher , a Democrat from Olathe , told her colleagues . " We We the ability to make a decision today that will save lives   —    not just one , but potentially thousands . " Representative Susan Concannon , a Republican from Beloit and a leading proponent of the expansion bill , said , " What we know most of all is that if we we this , it this prevent closures of hospitals . " Opponents of expansion questioned whether Kansas could afford it , expressed doubts about whether the federal government would continue to pay for most of it it the health care law eventually is repealed , and suggested the promised benefits to rural hospitals were overstated . Mr. Brownback vetoed the the federal government would continue to pay for most of it if the health care law eventually is repealed as soon as it reached the federal government would continue to pay for most of it if the health care law eventually is repealed desk Mr. Brownback Thursday , saying that the cost to the state would be " irresponsible and unsustainable , " and that it would the federal government would continue to pay for most of it if the health care law eventually is repealed " unwise " to expand Medicaid while President Trump and Congress were still vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act . He also Mr. Brownback the bill it would be "unwise" to expand Medicaid while President Trump and Congress were still vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act because it did not it would be "unwise" to expand Medicaid while President Trump and Congress were still vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act a work requirement for beneficiaries of the Medicaid expansion . While the federal government has never allowed states to require that people have jobs in order to receive Medicaid , the Trump administration has hinted that it may . the Trump administration    states are considering asking for changes to their Medicaid programs Some   states Medicaid reduce recipients , including work requirements , premiums and even lifetime limits on Medicaid coverage . Medicaid vote in Kansas came five months after an election in which moderate Republicans and Democrats replaced a number of conservatives in the Legislature , breathing new life into an effort that had stalled for years . The House of Representatives voted 81 to 44 in February to expand Medicaid . The Senate followed The House of Representatives with a     vote health committees in both chambers heard often emotional testimony from uninsured Kansans and from medical providers . The Affordable Care Act originally required all states to expand Medicaid to all adults Medicaid up to 138 percent of the federal poverty level , but the Supreme Court ruled that states could opt out if they wished . Still states the law has played a major role in reducing the number of Americans without health insurance , with about 11 million    adults gaining coverage in the 31 states that have chosen to expand the program . In the 19 states that have not expanded Medicaid   —    including some of the biggest , such as Florida and Texas   —    millions of    people are stuck in a " coverage gap , " earning too much for Medicaid under their states’ Medicaid guidelines millions of   people too little to qualify for subsidized coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplaces . David Jordan , executive director of Alliance for a Healthy Kansas , an advocacy group that formed last year to push for expanding Medicaid , said supporters Medicaid not giving up . " The problem of 150 , 000 Kansans not having access to health care does n’t go away , " he said . 
 David Jordan, executive director of Alliance for a Healthy Kansas, an advocacy group that formed last year to push for expanding Medicaid 