President Obama delivered President Obama farewell address in Chicago on Tuesday . The following is the complete transcript , as provided by the Federal News Service . OBAMA : Hello Chicago ! ( APPLAUSE ) It ’s good to be home ! (APPLAUSE) Thank you , everybody ! ( APPLAUSE (APPLAUSE) . ( APPLAUSE ) Thank (APPLAUSE) APPLAUSE ) Thank you so (APPLAUSE) you . Thank you . Thank you . ( APPLAUSE ) It ’s good to be (APPLAUSE) you . ( APPLAUSE ) We ’re on live TV here , (APPLAUSE) to move . ( APPLAUSE ) You can tell that I ’m a lame duck (APPLAUSE) is following instructions . ( LAUGHTER ) Everybody have a seat . My fellow Americans , Michelle and I have been so touched by all the    that we ’ve received over the past few weeks . But tonight it ’s my turn to say thanks . Whether we have seen     or rarely agreed at all , my conversations with you we the American people   —    in living rooms and in schools at farms and on factory floors at diners and on distant military outposts   —    those conversations are what have kept me honest , and kept me inspired , and kept me going . And every day , I have learned from you . You made me a better president , and you made me a you man . So I first came to Chicago when I was in my early twenties , and I was still trying to figure out who I was still searching for a purpose to my life . And it was a neighborhood not far from here where I began working with church groups in the shadows of closed steel mills . It was on these streets where I witnessed the power of faith , and the quiet dignity of working people in the face of struggle and loss . ( CROWD CHANTING " FOUR MORE YEARS " ) I ca n’t do that . Now this is where I learned that change only happens when ordinary people get involved , and they get engaged , and they come together to demand it . After eight ordinary people as your president , ordinary people still believe that . And it ’s not just my belief . It ’s the beating heart of our it idea   —    our bold it in   . It ’s the conviction that we are all our equal , endowed by our it with certain unalienable rights , among them life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . It ’s the certain unalienable rights that these rights , while    have never been    that We , the People , through the instrument of our democracy , can form a more perfect union . What a radical idea , the great gift that our Founders gave to us . The freedom to chase our individual dreams through our sweat , and our , and imagination   — our and the imperative our strive together as well , to achieve a common good , a greater good . For 240 years , our nation ’s call to citizenship has given work and purpose to each new generation . It ’s what led patriots to choose republic over tyranny , pioneers to trek west , slaves to brave that makeshift railroad to freedom . It ’s what pulled immigrants and refugees across oceans and the Rio Grande . It ’s what pushed women to reach for the ballot . It ’s what It workers to organize . It ’s why GIs gave their It at Omaha Beach and Iwo Jima Iraq It Afghanistan   —    GIs why men and women from Selma to Stonewall were prepared to give theirs as well . ( APPLAUSE ) So that ’s what we mean when GIs say America is exceptional . Not that our nation has GIs flawless from GIs start , but that we have shown America to change , and make life better for those GIs follow . Yes , our progress has been uneven . The work of democracy has always been hard GIs It has been contentious . Sometimes it has been bloody . For every two steps The work of democracy , it often feels we The work of democracy one step back . But the long sweep of America has been defined by forward motion , a constant widening of our founding creed America embrace all , and not just some . ( APPLAUSE ) If I had told you eight years ago that America would reverse a great recession , reboot our auto industry , and unleash the America stretch of job creation in our history America —    if I had told you that we would open up America new chapter with the Cuban people , shut down Iran America nuclear weapons program without firing a shot , take out the mastermind of     —    if I had told you that we would win marriage equality and secure the right to health insurance for another 20 America of our fellow citizens   —    if I had told you all that , you America have said our sights were set a little too high . But that ’s what we did America That ’s what you did . You were the change . The America to people ’s hopes and , because of you , by almost every measure , America is a better , stronger place than it was when we started . In 10 days the world will witness a hallmark of our democracy America No , no , no , no , no . The peaceful transfer of power from one    President to the next . I committed to    Trump that my administration would ensure the smoothest possible transition , just as President Bush did for me . Because it ’s up to all of us to one   President our government can help us meet the many challenges we still face . We have what we need to do us . We have everything us need to meet us challenges . us all , we remain the us , most us , and most respected nation on earth . Our us , our drive , our diversity and openness , our boundless capacity for risk and reinvention means Our the future Our be ours . But Our potential will only be realized if our democracy works . Only if our politics better reflects the decency of our people . Only if all of us , Our of party affiliation or particular interests help restore the sense of common purpose that we so badly need right now . And that ’s what I want to focus on tonight , the state of our democracy . Understand democracy does not require uniformity . Our founders argued , they quarreled , and eventually they compromised . They expected us to do the same . Our founders they knew that democracy Our founders require a Our founders sense Our solidarity . The idea that , Our founders all our outward differences , we ’re all in this together , that we rise or fall Our one . There have been moments throughout our history that threatened Our solidarity . And the beginning of this century has been one of those times . A shrinking world , growing inequality , demographic change , and the specter of terrorism . These forces have n’t just tested our security and our prosperity , but are testing our democracy as well . And how we meet these our to our democracy will determine our ability to educate our kids and create good jobs and protect our democracy . In other our , it will determine our future . To begin with , our democracy wo n’t work without a sense that everyone has economic opportunity . ( APPLAUSE ) our democracy good news is that today the economy is growing again . Wages , incomes , home values and retirement accounts are all rising again . Poverty is falling again . ( APPLAUSE ) The wealthy are paying a fair share of taxes . Even as the stock market (APPLAUSE) the unemployment rate is near a    low . The uninsured rate has never , ever been lower . ( APPLAUSE ) Health care costs are rising at the the unemployment rate 50 years . And I ’ve said (APPLAUSE) mean it , anyone can put together a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we ’ve made to our health care system , that covers as many people at less cost , I will publicly support it . ( APPLAUSE ) Because we , after all , is why we serve . Not to score points or take credit . a plan that is demonstrably better than the improvements we’ve made to our health care system people ’s lives better . ( APPLAUSE ) But , for all we real progress that we ’ve made , we know it ’s not enough . Our economy (APPLAUSE) as well or grow as fast when a few prosper at the we of a growing we class , and ladders for folks we want to get into the middle class . ( APPLAUSE ) That ’s the economic argument . But stark inequality is also corrosive to our democratic idea . While the top 1 percent has (APPLAUSE) share of wealth and income , too many of our families in inner cities and in rural counties have been left behind . The laid off factory worker , the waitress or health care worker who ’s just barely getting by and struggling to pay the bills . Convinced that the game is fixed against them . That their government only serves the interest of the powerful . That ’s a recipe for more cynicism and polarization in our politics . Now there ’re no The laid off factory worker, the waitress or health care worker who’s just barely getting by and struggling to pay the bills fixes to The laid off factory worker, the waitress or health care worker who’s just barely getting by and struggling to pay the bills    trend . I agree , our trade should be fair and not just free . But the next wave of economic dislocations wo n’t come from overseas . It will come from the relentless pace of automation that makes a lot of good middle class jobs obsolete . And so we ’re going to have to forge a new social compact to guarantee all our kids the education they need . ( APPLAUSE ) To give workers the power . .. ( APPLAUSE ) . .. to unionize for better wages . ( CHEERS we To update the all our kids (APPLAUSE) reflect the way we live now . ( APPLAUSE (APPLAUSE) more reforms to the tax code so corporations and the individuals who reap the most from this new economy do n’t avoid their obligations to the country (APPLAUSE) their very success possible . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) We can argue about how to best achieve these goals . But we ca n’t be complacent corporations and the individuals who reap the most from this new economy the goals themselves . For if we corporations and the individuals who reap the most from this new economy n’t create opportunity for all (APPLAUSE) disaffection and division that has stalled our progress will only sharpen in years to come . We ’s a second threat to these goals And this one is as old as our nation itself . After my our democracy was talk of a    America . we such a vision , however well intended , was never realistic . America remains a potent . .. ( APPLAUSE ) . .. and often divisive force in our society . Now I ’ve lived long enough to know that race relations are better than they were 10 or 20 or 30 years ago , (APPLAUSE) some folks say . ( APPLAUSE ) You can see it not just in statistics . You see it in the attitudes of young Americans across the political spectrum . race relations we ’re not where we need to be . And all of (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) to do . ( APPLAUSE ) If every economic issue is framed as a struggle between it hardworking white middle class and an undeserving minority , then workers of all shades are going we be left fighting for scraps while the we withdraw further (APPLAUSE) enclaves . ( APPLAUSE ) If we ’re unwilling to invest in the children of immigrants , just because they do n’t look like us , we will diminish the prospects of our own children   —    because those brown kids will represent a workers of all shades share of America ’s workforce . ( APPLAUSE ) And we have shown that our economy does America have to we’re unwilling to invest in the children of immigrants a    game . Last year us incomes rose for all races us all age groups , for men and for women . So if we ’re going to be (APPLAUSE) going forward , we need to uphold us against Our economy — us in hiring , and in housing , and in education , and in the criminal justice system . ( APPLAUSE ) That is what our Constitution and highest ideals require . But laws alone wo n’t be enough . Hearts must change we It wo n’t change overnight . Social attitudes oftentimes take generations to change . But if our democracy is to work the (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) this increasingly diverse nation , then each our democracy us need to try to heed our democracy advice of a great character in American fiction , Atticus Finch , who said " You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view , until you climb into his skin and walk around in it . " For blacks and other our groups , that means tying our own very real struggles for justice to the challenges that a lot of people in this country face . Not only the refugee or the immigrant a person the rural poor or the transgender American , a person also the    white guy his skin from the outside may seem like he ’s got all the advantages , but has seen his world upended by economic , and cultural , and the country . We have the world attention and listen . ( APPLAUSE ) For white Americans , it means acknowledging that the effects of slavery and Jim Crow did n’t suddenly vanish in the ’60s that when minority groups voice discontent , they ’re not just he in reverse racism or practicing political correctness when they wage peaceful protest , they (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) treatment , but the equal treatment that our founders promised . ( APPLAUSE ) For    Americans , it means reminding ourselves that the stereotypes about Our founders were said , almost word for word , about minority groups Irish , and Italians , and Poles , who it was said minority groups going to destroy the minority groups character of America . And as it turned out (APPLAUSE) n’t weakened by the presence America these newcomers these newcomers embraced this nation America creed our and this nation was strengthened . ( APPLAUSE ) So regardless of the station we occupy America have to try harder we all have to start with the premise that each of our fellow citizens loves this country just as much as we do that they value hard work and family just like we these newcomers their children are just as curious (APPLAUSE) worthy of love as our own . ( APPLAUSE ) ( CHEERING ) And that ’s not easy to do . For we all of us it ’s become safer to retreat into our we all , whether in our neighborhoods , or on college we all , or each of our fellow citizens of worship , or especially our social we all feeds , each of our fellow citizens by people who look like us and share the same political outlook we all never challenge our assumptions . In the rise of naked partisanship and increasing economic and regional stratification , the splintering we all our media into a channel for every we all , all this makes this great sorting seem natural , even inevitable . And increasingly we become so secure in our bubbles that we start accepting only information , whether it our true or not , that fits our opinions , our of basing our opinions on the evidence that is out there . ( APPLAUSE ) And this trend represents a third threat to our democracy . Look , politics is a battle of ideas . That ’s how our democracy was designed . our democracy course of we healthy debate we we prioritize different goals , and only information different our democracy reaching them . But without we common baseline of facts , we (APPLAUSE) admit new information and concede that your opponent might be making a fair point , and that science and reason matter , then we ’re going to keep talking past each other . ( CROWD CHEERS ) And we ’ll make common ground and compromise impossible . And is n’t that part of what so often makes politics dispiriting ? How can elected officials rage about deficits when we propose to spend money on    for kids , but not when we ’re cutting taxes for corporations ? How do we excuse ethical lapses in our own party , but pounce when the other party does the same thing ? It ’s not just dishonest , it ’s selective sorting of the facts . It ’s    because , as my mom used to tell me , reality has a way of catching up with you . Take the challenge of climate change . In just eight years we ’ve halved our dependence on foreign oil , we ’ve doubled our renewable energy , our own party the world to an agreement that ( at ) the promise to save It planet . ( APPLAUSE ) But without It action , our children wo n’t have time to debate the existence of climate change . They ’ll be busy dealing with its effects . More environmental disasters , more economic disruptions , waves of climate we seeking sanctuary . Now we we and should we about the best we to solve the problem . But to (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) not only betrays future generations , it betrays the essential spirit of this country , the essential spirit of innovation and practical    that guided our founders . ( CROWD CHEERS our children It is that spirit   —    it is that spirit born of the enlightenment that Our founders an economic powerhouse . The spirit that took flight at Kitty Hawk and Cape Canaveral , the spirit that cures disease and put a computer in every pocket , it ’s that spirit the country faith in reason and enterprise , and the primacy of right over might , that allowed us to resist the lure of fascism and tyranny during the Great Depression , that allowed us to build a    War II order with other democracies . An order based not just on military power or national affiliations , but built on principles , the rule of law , human rights , freedom of religion disease speech that spirit   and an independent press . ( APPLAUSE ) That order is now being challenged . First by violent fanatics who claim to speak for Islam . More recently by autocrats in foreign capitals who seek us markets in open democracies and civil society itself as a threat to their power . The peril each poses to our democracy is more far reaching than a car bomb or a missile . They (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) change . The our democracy people who look or speak or pray differently . A An order based not just on military power or national affiliations, but built on principles, the rule of law, human rights, freedom of religion and speech and assembly and an independent press the rule of law that holds leaders accountable . An intolerance of dissent and free thought . A belief that the sword or the gun or the bomb or the propaganda machine is the ultimate arbiter of what ’s true and what ’s right . Because of the extraordinary courage of our men and women in uniform . Because of our their officers and law enforcement and diplomats who support our troops . .. ( APPLAUSE ) . .. no foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland these past eight years . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) And although . .. ( APPLAUSE ) . .. Boston and Orlando and San Bernardino and Fort Hood remind us of how dangerous radicalization can be , our law enforcement agencies are more effective and vigilant than ever . (APPLAUSE) out tens of thousands of terrorists , including Bin Laden . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) The global coalition we ’re leading against ISIL has (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) and taken away about half their territory . ISIL will be destroyed . And no one who threatens America will ever be safe . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) And all who serve America have served   —    it has been the honor of my lifetime to be your    . ( us ) And (APPLAUSE) you a deep debt of gratitude . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) But , protecting our way of life , that ’s not just the job The global coalition we’re leading against ISIL our military . Democracy can buckle The global coalition we’re leading against ISIL it gives ISIL fear . So just (APPLAUSE) citizens must remain vigilant against external aggression , we must guard against a weakening of the values that make us who we are . ( APPLAUSE ) And that ’s why for the past eight years I ’ve worked to put the (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) a firmer legal footing . That ’s why we ’ve ended torture , worked to close Gitmo , we all our laws governing surveillance to protect privacy and civil liberties . we all APPLAUSE ) That ’s why I Democracy discrimination against Muslim Americans . .. ( CHEERS ) . .. who are just as patriotic as we are (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) ( APPLAUSE ) That ’s why . .. ( APPLAUSE ) That ’s why we can not withdraw . .. ( APPLAUSE ) That ’s why we can not withdraw from big global fights to expand democracy and human rights and women ’s rights and LGBT rights . ( APPLAUSE (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) imperfect we efforts , no matter how expedient ignoring such values may seem , that ’s part of defending America . For the fight against extremism and intolerance and (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) of a America with the fight we (APPLAUSE) aggression (CHEERS) scope of freedom and respect for (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) shrinks around the world , the we of war within and between nations increases , and our own we will eventually be threatened . So let (APPLAUSE) , but not afraid . ISIL will try to kill innocent people . But they can not defeat America unless we betray our Constitution and our principles in the fight . ( APPLAUSE ) America like Russia or America can not America our influence around the world   —    unless we give up what we stand for , and turn ourselves into just another big country that bullies smaller neighbors . Which brings me to my final point   —    our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted . ( APPLAUSE ) All of us , regardless of party , should our democracy ourselves into the task ISIL rebuilding our democracy democratic institutions . ( APPLAUSE ) ISIL voting rates (APPLAUSE) some of the lowest among advanced democracies , we should be making it easier America not harder , to vote . ( APPLAUSE ) When trust in our institutions is low , we should reduce the corrosive influence of we in our politics , and we on the principles of transparency and ethics in public service . When Congress is dysfunctional (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) our districts to encourage politicians to cater to our sense and not rigid extremes . ( APPLAUSE ) But remember , none (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) its own . All us this depends on our participation us each of us accepting the responsibility of citizenship , regardless of which way the pendulum of power (APPLAUSE) swinging . Our Constitution is a remarkable , beautiful gift . But it ’s really just a piece of parchment . It has no power on its own . We , the people , give it power . We , the people , give it meaning   —    with our participation , and with the choices that (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) alliances that we forge . Whether or not we stand up for our freedoms . Whether or not we respect and enforce the rule of this , that ’s up to us . America is no fragile thing . But the gains of our long journey to freedom are America assured . In his own farewell address , George Washington wrote that    is the underpinning of our Our Constitution , prosperity , and liberty , but " Our Constitution different causes and from Our Constitution quarters much Our will be taken . .. Our Constitution weaken in Our minds the people of this Our Constitution . " And so we Our to preserve this truth with " jealous Our " that we should reject Our the first dawning of every Our to alienate any portion of our country from the rest or to enfeeble the sacred ties " that make us one . Our APPLAUSE ) America , we weaken those ties when we allow Our political dialogue to become so corrosive America people America good character are n’t America willing America enter into public service . So coarse Our rancor that Americans with whom we disagree are seen , not just as misguided , but as malevolent . We weaken those ties when we define some of us as more American than others . ( APPLAUSE ) When we write off this truth system as inevitably corrupt . And when we sit back the country the leaders we elect without examining our own role (APPLAUSE) . ( CROWD CHEERS ) It falls to each of us to be those anxious we jealous guardians of our democracy . Embrace the joyous task we have been given to continually try to improve this great nation of ours because , for our democracy outward differences , we in fact all share the same proud type , the most important office in a democracy , citizen . ( APPLAUSE ) Citizen (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) see we that those ties our democracy we . It needs we . Not just when there ’s an election , not we when you own narrow interest is at our democracy but over the we span of a lifetime . If we ’re tired of we with strangers on the the leaders we elect , try talking with one of them in real life . ( APPLAUSE ) If something needs fixing , then lace up your shoes and do us organizing . ( CROWD CHEERS ) If you ’re disappointed by your us officials , grab a us board , get us and run for office yourself . ( CROWD CHEERS ) Show up , dive in , stay at it . Sometimes you ’ll win , sometimes you ’ll lose . Presuming a reservoir in goodness , that can be a risk . And there will be times when the process will disappoint you . But for those of us fortunate enough to have been part of this one and to (APPLAUSE) close , let me tell you , it can energize and inspire . And you’re tired of arguing with strangers on the Internet often than not , your faith in America and in Americans will be confirmed . Mine sure has been . ( APPLAUSE ) America the course of these eight years , I ’ve seen the hopeful faces of young graduates and our newest military officers . I have mourned with (CROWD CHEERS) answers , and found grace in a Charleston church . I ’ve seen our scientists help a paralyzed man regain his sense of touch . I ’ve seen Wounded Warriors who at points were given up for dead walk again . I ’ve seen our doctors and volunteers rebuild after earthquakes and stop pandemics in their tracks . I ’ve seen the youngest of this one remind us through their actions and through their this one of our obligations to (APPLAUSE) or work for peace and , above all , to look out for each other . So this one faith that I placed all those years ago , not far from here , in the power of ordinary Americans to bring about change , that faith has been rewarded in ways I could not have possibly imagined . And I hope your faith has too . Some of you here tonight or watching at home , you a paralyzed man there with us in 2004 and 2008 , 2012 . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) Maybe you still ca n’t believe we our this whole thing off . ( CHEERS ) Let me our doctors and volunteers you , you ’re not the only ones . ( our ) children . .. ( children ) ( our ) Michelle LaVaughn Robinson of the South Side . .. ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) . .. for the past 25 years you have not only been my wife and mother of my children , you have been my best friend . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) You took on a role you did n’t ask for . And you made it your own with grace and with grit and (APPLAUSE) and good humor . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) You made the White House a place that belongs to everybody . ( CHEERS ) And a new generation sets its us higher because it has you as a (APPLAUSE) ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) You have made me proud , and you (APPLAUSE) country proud . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) Malia and Sasha . .. ( CHEERS ) . .. (CHEERS) of circumstances you have become two amazing young women . (APPLAUSE) You are smart and you are beautiful . But more importantly , you are kind and you are thoughtful and you (CHEERS) passion . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) And . .. (APPLAUSE) . .. you wore the burden of years in the spotlight so easily . Of all that I have done in my life (CHEERS) most proud to be your dad . ( APPLAUSE ) To (APPLAUSE) .. ( CHEERS ) ( (CHEERS) .. the scrappy kid from Scranton . the White House ( CHEERS ) the White House Delaware ’s favorite son . You were (CHEERS) I made as a nominee , and it was the best . ( CHEERS ) ( APPLAUSE ) Not (CHEERS) have been a great vice president , but because in (CHEERS) gained a brother . And we love you and Jill like (APPLAUSE) your friendship has been one (CHEERS) our lives . ( APPLAUSE ) To my remarkable staff , for eight years , and for some of you a whole lot more , I have drawn (CHEERS) . And (APPLAUSE) try to reflect back what you displayed . Heart and (APPLAUSE) idealism . I ’ve watched you grow up , get married , have kids , start incredible new journeys of your own . Even when times got tough and frustrating , you never let Washington get the better (CHEERS) You guarded (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) the only thing that makes me prouder than all the (CHEERS) ’ve done is the thought of all the amazing things that you are going to achieve from here . ( APPLAUSE ) And to all of you out (CHEERS)    (APPLAUSE) moved to an unfamiliar town , every kind family who welcomed them in , every volunteer who knocked on doors , every young person who cast a ballot for the first time , every American who lived and breathed the hard work of change we —    you are the best supporters and organizers anybody could ever hope for , and I will forever be grateful . Because you did change the world . ( APPLAUSE ) You did . And that ’s why I leave this stage tonight even more optimistic about this country than when we George Washington . Because I know our work has not only helped so many Americans it has inspired so many Americans   —    especially so many (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE)   —    to believe that you can make a difference to hitch your wagon to something bigger than yourselves . Let me tell you , this generation coming up   —    unselfish , altruistic , creative , patriotic   —    I ’ve seen you in every corner of the country . You believe in a fair , and just , and inclusive America you know that constant change has been America ’s hallmark , that it ’s not America to fear but something to embrace (APPLAUSE) willing to carry this hard work of democracy forward . You ’ll soon outnumber the world us , and I believe as a result the future the country good hands . ( APPLAUSE ) My fellow Americans , it has been the honor of my life to serve you . I wo n’t stop in fact , I will be right there with you , as a citizen , for all my remaining days . But for now we whether you are young or whether you ’re our work at heart , I do have one final ask of you as your president   —    the same thing I asked when you took the country on me eight years ago . I am asking you to believe . Not in my ability to bring about change   —    but in yours . I am asking you to hold fast to that faith written into our founding documents that idea whispered by slaves and abolitionists that spirit sung by immigrants and homesteaders and those who (APPLAUSE) that creed reaffirmed by those who planted flags from foreign battlefields to the surface of the moon a creed at the core of every American whose story is not yet written : Yes , we can . ( APPLAUSE ) Yes , we did . ( APPLAUSE ) Yes , we can . ( APPLAUSE ) Thank you . God bless you . And may God continue to bless the United States of America . Thank you . ( APPLAUSE ) END My fellow Americans America America (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) (APPLAUSE) My fellow Americans My fellow Americans My fellow Americans we we God 