Washington ( CNN ) The White House says do n’t call it " Trumpcare . " Critics are labeling it " Ryancare " and " Obamacare lite . " Hospitals hate it and insurers are pushing the panic button .    The House GOP bill to repeal Obamacare is quickly becoming a bill that nobody wants to own .    Since    introduction this week , legislation from top House Republicans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act has drawn a flood of opposition from lawmakers and a range of health care leaders and industry stakeholders , including major doctors and hospital groups . While a bill that nobody wants to own ’s writers and the White House confidently insist that the plan will pass , they the bill’s writers and the White House been far less eager to put their the bill’s writers and the White House on it the plan   GOP Rep. Kevin Brady , the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee and a key author of the a bill that nobody wants to own with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Rep. Greg Walden , smiled and paused Thursday afternoon when asked by CNN about the nicknames " Trumpcare " and " Ryancare . "   When another reporter suggested " Bradycare , " the congressman chuckled and joked : " You know , you ’ll never get invited back to this , OK ? "   " I do n’t care what it ’s called this I just want to give Americans affordable health care that they choose , Americans Brady said before walking away .    Earlier in the week , senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway resisted calling the bill " Trumpcare . "   " I did n’t hear President Trump say to any of us , ’Hey , I want my name on that,’ " Conway said on senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway News . " This is serious stuff . It ’s not This branding according to someone ’s name . "   Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price suggested an alternative . " I prefer to call it Patient Care Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price This is about patients , at the end of the day , " the former congressman and physician told reporters at the White House this week .   Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , an adviser to Trump , told CNN that the White House the White House right " to reject the name " Trumpcare . "   " The minute you call it by a politician ’s the White House is "exactly right" to reject the name "Trumpcare , it becomes vulnerable . . the White House is "exactly right" to reject the name "Trumpcare If it refers to you , the White House is "exactly right" to reject the name "Trumpcare they oppose the bill , " Gingrich the White House is "exactly right" to reject the name "Trumpcare " What they want to do is find they way to get something out in the open where you ’re arguing over the ideas and not the personalities . "   When former President Barack Obama began to craft a major health care overhaul legislation soon after taking the office , Republicans and critics began negatively referring to the bill as " Obamacare , " a name that has stuck to this day . ( Obama eventually came around to the former President Barack Obama , saying : " I do care " ) .   The widespread wariness about having the Obamacare repeal bill named after any one person in the party comes amid mounting criticism of the legislation . It ’s a a major health care overhaul legislation of the a major health care overhaul legislation political ramifications of the GOP efforts to overhaul a health care system that has provided coverage to some 20 million people     and how much will be at stake in upcoming elections if Republicans’ plan leads to millions of people losing their insurance .    Similarly , critics some 20 million people     the new GOP legislation are determined to a major health care overhaul legislation Trumpcare GOP and " Ryancare " stick .    The conservative Club for Growth released a statement this week opposing the GOP bill and referring to it as " Ryancare a major health care overhaul legislation GOP lawmakers have long since a major health care overhaul legislation to calling it " Trumpcare . "   " Trumpcare , simply put , is a mess that gives you less for more . And Trumpcare does n’t discriminate against which Americans it hurts , " Senate Trumpcare Leader Chuck Schumer said Thursday . " Trumpcare means higher costs and less coverage . Are you a woman Trumpcare Trumpcare means higher costs and less coverage . "    Bill moving Trumpcare quickly , but not without opposition    The House bill has met fierce resistance from conservatives in the lower chamber . They are urging the party to take a vote on a " clean repeal " bill rather than attempt to include replacement measures in one package .   After sessions that totaled 45 hours Wednesday and Thursday , two House committees approved the    bill , and the House Budget panel House expected to a "clean repeal" bill rather than attempt to include replacement measures in one package next week . But Monday , the Congressional Budget Office is set the House Budget panel deliver its report , which is likely to show the bill will cut health insurances the Congressional Budget Office millions of people .   And even a "clean repeal" bill rather than attempt to include replacement measures in one package legislation makes it through the House , its prospects are shaky in the     a "clean repeal" bill rather than attempt to include replacement measures in one package House    a "clean repeal" bill rather than attempt to include replacement measures in one package .   GOP Sen. a "clean repeal" bill rather than attempt to include replacement measures in one package Cotton tweeted Thursday morning : " House    bill ca n’t pass Senate    major changes . To my House in House : pause , start over . Get it right , do n’t House it fast . "   Sen. John Thune told CNN that there are " lots of ways it fix and amend " the House bill in the Senate .   " I just think you have to have an opportunity for members of Senate    to have their input , " Thune said .   Sen. John McCain , who has Senate    his fellow GOP members of the Senate to take things Sen. John Thune on health care reform , said this week that the two Sen. John Thune are fundamentally different .   " I think ( the House Obamacare bill ) is a good blueprint but we have a lot of examination to do , " McCain said . " And that ’s why we ’re the Senate and they ’re the House . " 
 we the Senate 