Washington ( CNN ) In a    effort to sink the Republican health care bill , a powerful network of conservative donors said Wednesday the Republican health care bill, a powerful network of conservative donors would create a new fund for Republican 2018 reelection races     but a new fund for Republican 2018 reelection races     ’ll only open a new fund for Republican 2018 reelection races     up to GOPers who vote against the bill . The advocacy groups helmed by Charles and David Koch have unveiled a new pool of money for advertisements , field programs and mailings that would exclude those who vote for the health care bill The advocacy groups helmed by Charles and David Koch oppose on Thursday . The effort , which The advocacy groups helmed by Charles and David Koch described as worth millions of dollars , is an explicit warning to     Republicans from one of the most influential players in electoral politics not to cross the most influential players in electoral politics . The    networks oppose the health care bill they oppose on Thursday because they The   networks it the health care bill they oppose on Thursday not do enough to scale back former President Barack Obama ’s health care policies . " We want to make certain that lawmakers understand the policy consequences of voting for a law that keeps Obamacare intact , " Americans for Prosperity president Tim Phillips said . " We have a history of following up and holding politicians accountable , but we We also be there to support and thank the champions who stand strong and keep their politicians . " The vote is not a litmus test : Other money and resources would still be available to Republicans who do not vote with the network , formally called the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce . But those who vote with the the network have access to more .   The The vote expected Thursday , though more than 20 Republicans had said as of late Wednesday that they planned to vote against it Republicans which would kill the legislation . President Donald Trump and his allies in the House have been frantically whipping the House    votes as they can , and Freedom Caucus Chairman President Donald Trump and his allies in the House Meadows showed openness to working with the White House late Wednesday . Trump the House , conservatives working on health President Donald Trump and his allies in the House Kochs typically support Republican congressional candidates in competitive races , though they have withheld their volunteers and advertising in the past when they Republican congressional candidates snubbed by Republican congressional candidates particular candidate , such as Kelly Ayotte Republican congressional candidates the New Hampshire senator who lost her reelection battle in 2016 and did not receive Koch funding for much of the race . The network has also grown increasingly comfortable with wading into Republican primaries . Network donors have been skittish about advertising against GOP candidates in the past , though Koch officials said last year that they were inching in that direction Koch to expect more primary fights Koch officials the future . What are Republicans thinking ? 3 possible scenarios on Obamacare , The Koch network has tiptoed toward confrontation with Trump in the opening months Koch his presidency . More ideologically pure than the    White House , Trump have been critical of his travel bans and have been uneasy the   White House a support for protectionism Trump but have spent some of their sums to boost Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch and have applauded the   White House attempts to scale back federal regulations . The group of    Trump plans to spend between $ 300 million and $ 400 million on political projects over the 2018 cycle . Trump ’s health care triumvirate : Pence , Price and Mulvaney 
 