GREENSBORO , N. C.   —    President Obama is weighing a " proportional " response to Russia ’s efforts to interfere with this fall ’s election campaign through hacking , the White House announced Tuesday . " The president has talked before about the significant capabilities that the U. S. government has to both defend our systems in the United States but also carry out offensive operations in other countries , " Mr. Earnest reporters traveling with Mr. Obama on Air Force One to Greensboro , where he was The president a town    meeting with students and campaigning for Hillary Clinton . " There are a range of responses that are available to the president , and he will consider a response that is proportional , the president Mr. Earnest said . Whatever the president opts to do would probably not be the president advance and may never be acknowledged or disclosed if it is carried out , Mr. Earnest said . On the president , the Obama Mr. Earnest acknowledged for the first time that it believed that the Russian government was responsible for stealing and the Obama administration emails from the Democratic National Committee and a range of other institutions and prominent individuals , most recently Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta . The emails were posted on the    WikiLeaks site and two newer sites , DCLeaks . com and Guccifer 2 . 0 . " Only Russia ’s    officials could have authorized these activities , " said a statement from the director of national intelligence , James R. Clapper Jr. and the Department of Homeland Security . The statement did not name President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia a statement from the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. and the Department of Homeland Security that appeared to be the intention . Emails from the Democratic National Committee appeared to show party officials conspiring to sabotage the campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , leading to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as chairwoman and the departure of several staff members from the organization . Much of the Russian efforts in the election appear directed at undermining the campaigns of Mrs. Clinton and other Democrats . Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee , has called Mr. Putin a better leader than Mr. Obama and suggested a more collaborative relationship between the United States and Russia . The Russian efforts have become a talking point in the campaign . In Sunday ’s debate , Mrs. Clinton called Russia ’s interference in the campaign unprecedented . " And believe me Russia ’re not doing the campaign get me elected , " she said The Russian efforts " They ’re doing it to try to influence the election Mrs. Clinton Donald Trump The Russian efforts " In the it on Sept. 26 , Mr. Trump said the identity of the hackers was unknown and " could be Donald Trump on their bed that weighs 400 pounds , O. K. " On Sunday night , he the hackers suggested that Russia might not be to blame for the email releases and Donald Trump that " they blame Russia because they think they ’re trying to tarnish me with Russia . Russia might not be to blame for the email releases " Russia know Russia might not be to blame for the email releases about Russia might not be to blame for the email releases . I know   —    Russia know about Russia , but I know Russia about the inner workings of Russia , " Mr. Russia continued . " I do n’t deal there . I Russia no businesses there . I have no loans from Russia . " 
 Russia 