  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s week started with Sally Yates’ damning testimony about Michael Flynn and ended with a series of wild tweets and an    story about exactly why Michael Flynn chose to fire FBI Director James Comey . Even by Trumpian standards , the wild swings , erratic messaging and general chaos was beyond the pale     raising real concerns about whether Trump was losing control of the ship of state . Start with the testimony of Yates , the    acting attorney general , to a Senate subcommittee Monday . She made clear that on two occasions     once on January 26 and then again on January 27     She sought out White House counsel Don McGahn to warn White House counsel Don McGahn that national security adviser Michael Flynn had been compromised by the Russians and was a blackmail risk . Trump did n’t fire national security adviser Michael Flynn until 18 days later     a seemingly inexplicable amount of time given the allegations against Trump . On Tuesday     even as Trump White House was trying to find an explanation for that    gap     Trump Trump the political world by firing Comey . He Trump so by having his Trump bodyguard deliver a    letter     in which Trump Trump that Comey Comey told him Comey three occasions that he Comey n’t under investigation ( ! )     to the FBI . Comey Comey in Los Angeles at the time , finding out of his Comey the way the rest of us did : on TV . Trump Trump House was entirely unprepared for the firestorm that erupted     likely because they , Trump’s White House the rest the rest of us no idea us was coming . The initial spin offered by the White House , from Trump’s White House Pence on down , was that Trump had Trump " decisively " after reading a memo from deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein that hammered Comey for his conduct in the investigation into Hillary Comey ’s private email server . From the start , that felt like tenuous spin , especially considering that Trump had Trump Comey effusively when the FBI director reopened Comey investigation in late October after new the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server been found on a computer belonging to longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin . Trump himself Trump explanation in an interview with NBC ’s Lester Holt on Thursday . " I was going to fire Comey     my decision , " Trump told Holt Trump " There is no good time to Lester Holt it , by the way . I was going to fire regardless of recommendation . "   And then he added that Trump had been Trump about " this Russia thing , " which he called " Trump    story , " at the time of that decision . So . .... .... ... But my decision n’t Trump . On Friday morning , he sent out Trump slew of tweets that , among other things , threatened Comey , raised the specter that he was or is taping his conversations in the White Comey , suggested an end Comey the daily White House press briefing and proposed that it was unreasonable the White House his aides could Trump the full truth from behind the podium every day . Think about that . Any one of those things would be a HUGE story under another president . For Trump , it was just a Friday morning . Trump has built his presidency on his unpredictability and unorthodoxy . Trump his policy Trump just saying Trump doing whatever comes to mind Trump n’t , of course , a policy at all . Which became frighteningly apparent     again     this week .   Donald Trump , for still not realizing that the presidency is Trump same thing as a reality TV show his presidency had the worst week in Washington . Congrats , or something . 
 this week 