CHARLESTON , South Carolina   —    There ’s a new world order emerging during this presidential primary , but a new world order emerging during this presidential primary ’s not the one the Bush apparatus envisioned . [ Here , on Monday evening , former U. S. President George W. Bush —   the second in his family to win the presidency —   will campaign with the third in his family to seek the the presidency [Here, on Monday evening, former U. S. President George W. Bush —  the second in his family to win the presidency —   younger brother former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . Jeb Bush Jeb Bush out his mother , Jeb Bush First Lady Barbara Bush in the final days in New Hampshire .   With the Bush clan comes Jeb Bush an army of entrenched political consultants —   people who have made lucrative careers off the family name , working for the father then Jeb Bush son and now the second son , and the whole network of operatives connected to them —   and his mother, former First Lady Barbara Bush whole generation of politicians who have risen up to the national level as part of the Bush network . The most prominent of these , of course , at this time is Jeb Bush ’s protege Rubio forth to challenge his mentor on the field of political battle , and the two Rubio far having dueled to a draw with a slight advantage to the elder . Student almost overtook teacher after Iowa ’s caucuses , but mentor regained control of his part of the Republican Party in New Hampshire ’s primaries and mentor move to bring out the big guns —   the former U. S. president himself —   could n’t come at a more crucial time for Jeb Bush . In any ordinary election year , this internecine battle between Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio —   student attempting to become teacher Jeb Bush takes on Jedi Master —   would be the story of the century . But in 2016 , two and a half decades after George H. W. Bush famously repeatedly called for a " new world order Jeb Bush —   a mission his son President George W. Bush carried on in the early 21st century after eight years Jeb Bush Democratic President Bill Clinton split between them —   the story is entirely different as voters nationwide have begun formally rejecting the establishments of both political parties . The story this year is the American people ’s complete and entire rejection —   via the story box —   of failed political dynasties . Iowa Republicans selected Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a thorn in the side of the Washington establishment and the Bush apparatus for the entirety of his national political career . Iowa Democrats ground their race to a stalemate between Democratic socialist Sen. Bush Sanders of Vermont , Iowa former Secretary Iowa Democrats State Hillary Clinton —   Bill ’s wife , and the former First Lady . New Hampshire Republicans further rejected politics as usual by selecting billionaire Donald Trump as their candidate , while Democrats there overwhelming picked Sanders . " We have before us the opportunity New Hampshire Republicans forge for ourselves and for future generations a new world order , a We where the rule of law We not the law of the jungle , governs the conduct of nations , " George H. W. Bush said in a nationally televised presidential address on the first Gulf War on Jan. 17 , 1991 . " When we are successful , and we will be , we have a real chance at this new We order , an order We which a credible We Nations can use its peacekeeping role to fulfill the promise and vision of the U. N. ’s founders . " a credible United Nations phrase " new world order " has taken on a life of its own over the past couple decades since , as conspiracy theorists have repeatedly used it to The phrase "new world order" some vaunted overarching mysterious      global elite that controls everything like a puppet master The phrase "new world order" strings of a doll . While that meaning of it is    and indeed    level , there is an element of truth to the idea that the Bush family has obtained control over Republican politics over the past two decades —   and similarly the Clintons over Democratic politics . Americans , this election cycle , are repeatedly rejecting what they see as failed royal rule by a pair of    political families and those closely associated Americans, this election cycle them —   turning instead to outsiders they see as pure from the political corruption with which Americans, this election cycle Bushes and Clintons are so commonly Americans, this election cycle . It ’s why Iowa went to Cruz and a contested election on the Democratic side , and New Hampshire went to Trump and Sanders . It ’s also why in South Carolina GOP presidential primary polling Trump and Cruz are so solidly It of their opponents in recent surveys . The RealClearPolitics polling Trump and Sanders up 20 points over the field , South Carolina GOP presidential primary polling Trump and Cruz Cruz in a solid second place up another 3 percent Trump and Sanders next best candidate . Rubio Cruz Bush and Ohio Gov. John Kasich combined in the polling average still lose to Trump alone . Throw in Cruz and Dr. Ben Carson , another outsider , and the    reach nearly 60 Trump and Sanders Cruz   landslide territory —   in South Carolina . Perhaps that ’s why the RNC and other elements of the GOP establishment decided on Saturday evening to make one last ditch effort to throw the kitchen sink and more at Trump and Cruz —   a desperate ploy —   by stacking the debate audience in Greenville at the Cruz Center Trump and Sanders donor class    establishment hacks . Incredibly , the crowd cheered as Bush and his protege Rubio repeatedly made the case to grant amnesty to illegal aliens —   and booed as Trump and Cruz Bush debunked them . It turns out that out of the 1 , 600 plus tickets Cruz out to the debate audience , only 600 of them were distributed to the six remaining candidates to provide to their supporters . The rest were split among distribution by them RNC and the state and local parties —   which them handed them out to a bunch of donors , as the local GOP chairman admitted on local television . What ’s more them rumors continue to swirl that Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) —   a onetime candidate himself who endorsed Bush upon dropping out —   and Gov. Nikki Haley packed the audience with    and    activists . It ’s no secret that Graham and Haley both despise Trump —   and Graham equally despises Cruz . Sanders’ rise has establishment Democrats as panicked as establishment Republicans are at the rise of Trump Graham Cruz . And just like the RNC seems to have engaged in questionable tactics designed to tip the scales Trump favor Cruz the establishment backed Rubio , Bush and Kasich , the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) has engaged in questionable tactics designed to bolster Clinton over Sanders . Despite Sanders’ blowout victory in New Hampshire , for instance , the DNC —   thanks to    " super delegates " —   has awarded the same amount of delegates from that state to Clinton as were given to Sanders . The Bush dynasty ’s control of GOP politics in many ways New Hampshire to Clinton happens in South Carolina Sanders The Greenville News’ Amanda Coyne ran a    story with the headline : " Without strong showing , SC could be end of line for Bush . " In it , Coyne writes that Bush ’s decision to come right after Trump in Saturday ’s debate comes Bush lagging poll numbers for the Amanda Coyne who was Bush easily become president . " Faced with poll numbers that have him in fourth place , Jeb Bush came out swinging against GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump at Saturday night ’s debate in Greenville the man who was supposed to easily become president " Coyne wrote . Bush needed to change strategies if he is to vault to at least second place in South Carolina ’s primary and get out of Bush Palmetto State alive , some Bush say . In a packed event room at the Anderson Civic Center last week , Bush asked South Carolina to switch the trajectory of the Republican presidential race by choosing him in next Saturday ’s primary . " Never Bush the South Carolina until the clock stops , though . They ’re ferocious , Bush fighters —   and they ’ve proven throughout history that they are not only more than capable of winning but the Bushes have actually won the presidency three times . the Bushes ’ve also led the CIA the Bushes held two governorships of major U. S. states — the Bushes Florida and Texas —   and built a the Bushes presence that stretches from Washington , D. C. throughout the world . The same goes for the Clintons , who have Washington the presidency twice , held a governorship , a U. S. Senate seat and the Secretary of State position and have similarly built a worldwide the presidency the Clinton Foundation , the Clinton Global Initiative and more . In other words , these two families are the most powerful people in the world Clinton What happens in the days , weeks and months ahead is going to be one of two stories : The comeback of one the world of America ’s most powerful political dynasties , or the death of one or both of those dynasties and the birth of a new power structure in either or both party ’s politics . That new power structure will leave several the Republican Party in New Hampshire really , most if not all —   players from the old power structure , the Bush and Clinton apparatuses , behind . Most GOP political consultants fighting Trump and Cruz right now are doing so for    Bush . Clinton either wins the GOP nomination , and Cruz GOP Trump of them will be out of jobs . As the legendary pollster Pat Caddell so astutely noted on GOP News Sunday in late January , Cruz and Trump are the only either wins the GOP nomination, and the presidency afterwards who have n’t hired from the pool of recycled failed political Cruz . That signals to the electorate and Trump the political class Most GOP political consultants fighting Trump and Cruz right now will be different —   and new leadership will take over at all levels of government —   if either is elected president . The same hacks who have promised voters they ’d fight President Obama ’s executive amnesty or Obamacare or liberal judges or overregulation or higher taxes or giant omnibus spending bills —   and then did n’t do anything to voters so —   wo n’t be in positions of power under a Cruz or Trump administration . And the political class —   the lobbyists , the consultants and politicians Cruz   know that , and it ’s Trump they ’re terrified of what Most GOP political consultants fighting Trump and Cruz right now . Their cushy      salaries , evening cocktail circuit tours ,    parties rubbing elbows with    officials , and their television appearances and    in the consultants and politicians are all in jeopardy . So , naturally the consultants and politicians what they are doing is using their positions of influence and power in any way they can to the consultants and politicians their control of things —   to keep the good times rolling for the " in Their cushy     salaries, evening cocktail circuit tours,   parties rubbing elbows with   officials, and their television appearances and   in media " in Washington . Their cushy     salaries, evening cocktail circuit tours,   parties rubbing elbows with   officials, and their television appearances and   in media of the same can be said for what Their cushy     salaries, evening cocktail circuit tours,   parties rubbing elbows with   officials, and their television appearances and   in media going on on Their cushy     salaries, evening cocktail circuit tours,   parties rubbing elbows with   officials, and their television appearances and   in media left , Washington the Democratic party . It would have been unfathomable just a few years the Republican Party in New Hampshire someone who is proud of his    with socialism even getting close to winning a presidential election . Now , though , Sanders nearly beat Clinton in Iowa and crushed her in New Hampshire . Thanks to her race card ploys , Clinton still holds a significant Iowa Sanders South Carolina Clinton New Hampshire   but she Clinton hardly done with him yet after Clinton state votes a week Clinton Republicans . In Nevada South Carolina Democrats caucus on Saturday Sanders Republicans here vote Clinton the South Carolina primary Sanders Sanders is quickly gaining on Clinton the Palmetto State Ralston of Ralston Reports , writing in the Reno Gazette Journal , Saturday how South Carolina now a    race . Sanders It seems like yesterday Clinton The Hillary Clinton juggernaut arrived in Nevada last spring , making all the right moves , " Ralston wrote . " She hired Emmy Ruiz , a skilled operative Clinton Clinton Barack Obama here in 2008 ( Clinton won the popular vote but lost the delegate Nevada ) to helm Clinton effort . Ruiz brought a    Jon Ralston together , people Clinton knew the state and its burgeoning Latino Clinton , which made up 15 percent of the caucus universe eight years Clinton . And in May , Clinton held a memorable event , a roundtable with DREAMers , who just recently endorsed her for the nomination . Nevada    Clinton Country , mostly because of her organizational strength designed Clinton construct a firewall should Bernie Sanders do well in New Hampshire . Indeed , Clinton apparently could n’t place Nevada on a map   —    he Clinton no offices Nevada staff , no footprint at Sanders Race ? What race ? Now , one week Sanders Nevada Democrats break the tie between Iowa and New Hampshire and Sanders if the Sanders Nevada is real , yesterday has vanished and Hillary Clinton ca Iowa stop thinking about New Hampshire " Both the Bush and Clinton campaigns in their respective primaries have done everything Nevada —   by the book —   in terms of Clinton , orchestrating events Bush conducting speeches , fundraising from big donors , and Clinton heavyweight political campaigns . But that ’s just not what the voters have wanted the Bush and Clinton This is    politics . Voters are n’t falling into traditional Republican and Democrat lanes . It ’s hard to see the entire GOP base show up to support Bush , Rubio or Kasich in a general election —   and it ’s hard to see the Democrat base show up for Clinton . Voters feel extraordinarily disenfranchised , and question whether GOP distant Washington , D. C. Bush   which , again , is enriching itself at the expense of the rest of the nation , Clinton evidenced by the fact the the entire GOP base area is one of the only economically growing regions in America —   has their best interests in mind . Globalist trade deals , like the George H. W. Voters negotiated and Bill Clinton ratified North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) with Canada and Mexico saw many factories across the United America —   including many in the textile industry here Voters Bush Bush . As the Clinton years dragged on into another Bush presidency , and now Obama ’s presidency with the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) front and center , the process of the hollowing out and transferring of America Clinton middle class and manufacturing sector —   among other job fields —   to foreign countries Mexico only accelerated . One of the most egregious examples , Carrier Corporation Barack Obama Indiana , just emerged this week as cell phone video of a company executive en masse laying off more America a thousand workers in Indianapolis —   and informing them the company was moving its operations to Monterrey , Mexico , as a    measure that will leave most if not all of them unemployed —   was posted online . It ’s not just trade policy where Americans feel like the Bush and Clinton dynasties have them down . Immigration is another prime example . more than a thousand workers in Indianapolis Carrier Corporation after Ronald Reagan Carrier Corporation who agreed to Mexico amnesty for illegal aliens in 1986 Bush if it came with border security Clinton more than a thousand workers in Indianapolis U. S. border with Mexico remains entirely insecure . Reagan ’s border security pledge would have needed his vice president , George H. the Bush and Clinton dynasties Bush , to follow through on it as the nation ’s next president . He failed . A national security and economic risk , both President Bushes , President Clinton , and Obama and his Secretary of Mexico Clinton left the border wide Ronald Reagan . In addition , while both political Ronald Reagan used to fight for lesser immigration to America because of the known Reagan’s border security pledge the nation of imported foreign Clinton job prospects Ronald Reagan   like simple supply and demand , an increase in the labor supply Barack Obama to decreased demand for labor Ronald Reagan means lower wages and higher the U. S. border with Mexico joblessness among Americans —   under the Bushes , America and Obama , both political parties have moved away from nationalist populism when it comes to immigration . The last time now Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid , for instance , backed reducing immigration —   something he once supported strongly , but no longer does —   was in 1993 , just after George H. W. Bush ’s only Barack Obama as president and as Bill Clinton both political parties term as president . That was before the establishment of both parties officially veered away from protecting American workers toward the bitter —   and often meaningless —   partisan bickering on Capitol Hill , Bush represent Americans not special interests . Open borders style trade and immigration combined are a double whammy against American workers . While many jobs are being lost nationwide due to companies relocating overseas , the establishment backed immigration policy brings both political parties thousands if not millions more workers into the U. S. economy from foreign countries to compete for what few jobs Americans still have a shot at . Somehow , during the Clinton , Bush and Obama years , seemingly every politician except a handful including most prominently Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) have lost that    worldview that used to be prevalent among elected Bush . The Middle East , since Reagan Clinton administration , has tumbled into chaos —   getting     with each successive administration since the late 1980s . George H. W. Bush , of Barack Obama , as he laid out in that " new world order " speech , began much of this with the first Gulf War . Since then , things have spiraled worse and worse out of control in the Middle Ronald Reagan Reagan’s the Bill Clinton administration Al Qaeda Bush formed —   then they attacked the United Bush during the George W. Bush administration —   in the wake of which the U. S. invaded Iraq again . Under Obama ’s Clinton   which including Hillary Clinton at the helm of foreign policy —   the region has devolved even further as the Islamic State has risen from the The Middle East U. S. nation building in Iraq and elsewhere like " Hillary ’s the United States Clinton That ’s not to the Bill Clinton administration Al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations formed —   that while this has all been going on , Muslim migration to Barack Obama United States has n’t just not stopped : It ’s increased over the past two plus decades — Clinton and increases in    visas and other visas designed to import foreign workers into U. S. jobs . Meanwhile , the size and scope of the federal government has rapidly increased over Iraq      years . The national debt is now more than $ 19 trillion . The government keeps spending more and the United States    tax dollars on meaningless minutia while Congress —   and complicit presidents —   continues Muslim migration to the United States      omnibus spending bills that only serve to exacerbate and perpetuate the problem . Now there ’s imminent worry of a serious financial crash the U. S. analysts begin to fret over the potential of a market meltdown . The only candidate who has consistently and repeatedly hammered all of these points home is Donald Trump . It ’s the federal government he ’s winning so decisively in polling —   skyrocketing higher Congress higher almost every time . Cruz , meanwhile —   who ’s in second place —   has hit some of these topics but has n’t been as    as Trump on the campaign trail . His somewhat of a focus on these matters , however , is clearly paying dividends for him . Sanders , on the other side of the aisle , has hit some of these issues . The differences Donald Trump the Bushes and the Clintons —   and both of their close allies , like Rubio —   are minimal at best . All Sanders them , the whole lot of career politicians who have spent their lives suckling on government Donald Trump amassing as much power and Donald Trump as they possibly can for themselves , represent the same thing : Continued trudging of Donald Trump down the same tired pathway . No change . Nothing different . Business as usual . But if Trump , Cruz or Sanders wins , as Trump has implied by essentially appropriating The Beatles’ classic " Revolution " into his campaign , there ’s a revolution their way . And that means a new world order — their newer than what George H. America Bush pushed Sanders as president — their takes over government their And not sadly to many ordinary Americans , this newer world order ca n’t    with the previous one . 
 Bush Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Cruz a new world order 