( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . It ’s official . Simone Biles , the gymnast some call the best in history , was crowned the    gymnastics champion at the Rio Olympics . Her teammate Aly Raisman came in second . Here ’s a    of two of Biles ’s signature moves . With a win in the    individual medley , Michael Phelps earned Michael Phelps thirteenth individual gold medal , surpassing Leonidas of Rhodes , who won 12 gold medals in the ancient Olympics . Another achievement for the books : Simone Manuel became the first    woman to win an individual event in Olympic swimming . Our full coverage of the Games is here   —    including the odd version of the U. S. national anthem being played at medal ceremonies . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Hillary Clinton rejected the economic agenda Donald Trump laid out this week , calling Hillary Clinton an enemy of " the little guy . " Hillary Clinton wants to " give trillions in tax cuts to people like Hillary Clinton , " Hillary Clinton said , while deepening the financial pain of the middle and working classes . Neither candidate , however , has said much about helping people who are not working   —    many of people who are not working   living in abject poverty . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Mr. Trump faced down critics of Mr. Trump unorthodox campaign style , telling an interviewer , " It ’s either going to work or I ’m going to , you know , I ’m going to have a very , very nice long vacation . " After weeks of hearing detractors saying a Mr. Trump presidency would be a grave threat to national security , Mr. Trump has begun portraying Mrs. Clinton and President Obama as    of the Islamic State . He Mr. Trump a rally in Kissimmee , Fla. in the evening . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The F. B. I. has widened its The F. B. I. into what officials believe was a Russian cyberattack directed against the Democratic Party . The attack appears to have been far larger than first thought , raising the possibility of more damaging disclosures like the emails published recently by WikiLeaks . After a    impasse that has kept the WikiLeaks WikiLeaks , Julian Assange , holed up in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , Sweden has agreed to question him there over rape accusations . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Almost 55 miles a gallon   —    that ’s what U. S. regulators say automakers’ fleets must average by 2025 . Engineers , racing to meet the mark , are working with new batteries for hybrids . Some cars are going on a superglue diet :    adhesives , like the one being used on the GMC Acadia above , can stiffen seams and allow components to be made of thinner steel . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The animated " Sausage Party , " opening nationwide this weekend , sends    foodstuffs ranging through the supermarket for 89 minutes of bawdy , silly humor   —    and a deeper layer . Characters voiced by Seth Rogen , Kristen Wiig , Edward Norton , Michael Cera , Bill Hader and others end up in a classic confrontation between comforting religious beliefs ( weekend shoppers are gods who will liberate them weekend shoppers and scientific thought ( their weekend shoppers fate ) . Our reviewer saluted " the intellectual rigor of a project that probably did n’t require it " and called the movie " fun pretty much all the way through . " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Fox News has not managed to put a    scandal behind it Fox News despite rapidly forcing out its Mr. Ailes’s More women have come forward to describe a culture of intimidation and misogyny , including a former Fox host , Andrea Tantaros , above . Top Ailes deputies who remain are being accused of abetting Mr. Ailes ’s behavior . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . " I found the numbers heartbreaking . " That was a senior U. S. health official , commenting on a new study that found high rates of rape , bullying , depression and other harms suffered by gay , lesbian and bisexual teenagers . The survey found that they make up about 8 The survey of the high school population , or 1 . 3 million students . Future studies are likely to include an option for students to identify as transgender . Above , a youth contingent at Miami ’s gay pride march in April . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . U. S.   forces seized most of the coastal Libyan city of Surt , a stronghold of the Islamic State . But in Syria , the battle between government forces and rebels has left two million people in the city of Aleppo   with critical shortages of food and water . If the turmoil in the Mideast seems too overwhelming to grasp , this could help . A    team spent more than a year charting the catastrophe that has befallen the Arab world since the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . At    words , it ’s not a quick read , but it is a remarkably clear it that connects the region ’s history and the Arab Spring uprisings to the creation of the Islamic State and the global refugee crisis . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . One of our    articles today focuses on the pharmaceutical giant Abbott Laboratories and its operations in India ’s our    competitive drug market . A Times investigation found that managers pushed workers to pursue sales in violation of Indian law , medical standards and the company ’s own ethics guidelines . One of the country ’s top salesmen India front of a train last month , leaving a note that said he was committing suicide because of the pressure . Above , his daughter . _ _ _ he _ 11 . Finally , Mongolia , a sparsely populated country with nomadic traditions , will be pioneering a novel    system next month . The country is adopting an app India a British    What3Words , that looks up a unique    code ( dissident . sloth . ploy , for instance ) for every     patch of the earth ’s surface   —    all 57 trillion . Users enter an address or position a pointer on a map to retrieve the code , which the postal service can then use for deliveries . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at Your Evening Briefing Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 