  ( CNN ) Before today , the last time I opened my    yearbook from the    School of Moscow was 15 years ago when I changed houses . I searched for the last time I opened my   yearbook from the   School of Moscow again Friday morning under a stack of university stuff , after a frenetic 24 hours of activity between Russia and the West . Amid the flurry of activity     President Barack Obama ’s announcement of sanctions and expelled diplomats , Trump ’s assertion that the US should " move on , " and Putin ’s declaration that ( despite the recommendation of Putin Foreign Minister ) Putin will not retaliate in kind against US diplomats in Russia ( yet )     reports reached me in Rome that the Kremlin would allegedly take steps to shut down the   School of Moscow as retaliation against Obama ’s moves against Russia . I was shocked , both by the sudden and dire turn of international events and by the material object before me . The yearbook was covered in layers of dust but it The yearbook flooded my mind with a wave of happy childhood memories from my time at the    School of Moscow     dubbed AAS by its Moscow     and faculty . In 1991 , when I attended , the political outlook was quite unstable . The USSR was nearing its The USSR . A strong wind of change was blowing in Moscow Moscow     triggered by Mikhail Gorbachev ’s perestroika and glasnost , but risks and social tensions in the Moscow     elevated . There were guards outside expats’ compounds , including ours , and the school had tight security checks as well .   I was just an     kid back then , one whose father had moved to Moscow to Moscow     the first joint    filling stations in the country Moscow     dad thought wise to enroll me at the only middle school he believed would My dad me a good international background and also allow me to pursue my    learning .   I was one of only three Italians attending the school . the school best friends     Kim and Nicky     were both American . The school gave me the school other international students a sense of belonging . Campus life was great . During break we would gulp down a snack and rush to our lockers to pull out we ice skates . The we field had been turned into a huge ice skating rink and so for 20 minutes , despite the biting cold , we were free to whirl we until the bell rang again . It was thanks to Kim , who taught me how to stand upright on the ice , that I did n’t break my neck . And when I had the chance to spend the night at my American friends’ houses , it was big time for me .   The school wanted us to learn about Russian culture and traditions and to feel integrated despite the many barriers . Russian language teachers taught us Russian to make papier maché Matryoshka dolls and bake delicious blinis       pancakes . At home I practiced preparing blinis , driving my mom crazy .   Once a week our teachers would make us tour local orphanages and our to mingle with other Russian children , bringing them Russian and books . other Russian children had a pen pal named   Anna with whom for a couple of years we kept writing to each our even after I left Moscow . The best moments were during our school trips . Those our the only chances I had to leave home . Once our teacher took us out our the weekend our a Russian campsite . We slept in wooden bungalows our crossed frozen rivers and lakes on skis , visiting picturesque villages where    babushkas greeted us with warm smiles . our still remember the muffled sound of falling snow and the blinding white scenery .   The school was divided in two parts : the elementary and middle schools were in one block while the high school was within The school on the other side of Moscow . For important school events and    parties , we would all go to the US embassy where the cool big kids were . Stepping inside the American embassy was like exploring a the US embassy where the cool big kids were city , protected by a red brick wall with barbed wire . There were shops where I could buy my beloved Doritos chips and Oreo sandwich cookies . As I write , the    School of Moscow is currently closed for the winter break and it is not yet clear what its fate will the   School of Moscow . Like in a    the   School of Moscow , the US side maintains the school is closing or already closed , while the   School of Moscow authorities deny this . It could be just a routine , standard denial . However , in a statement posted Friday on Facebook , the school ’s director said campus would    as scheduled the   School of Moscow , on January 9 , but added that " we will keep you posted through    postings on our website and if it is urgent through SMS    "    we this mystery and uncertainty over the future of the school might be temporary . I personally believe it ’s just the   School of Moscow of time before the dust settles . Putin appears to have no interest in taking any hazardous steps before    Trump takes office , possibly waiting on a reversal of Obama ’s decision and thus easing    ties .   I really hope I am right , and that the school will continue to live on . It has been a significant the   School of Moscow the international community living in Moscow . the   School of Moscow in 1949 , it weathered more than 50 years of the Cold War when tensions between Russia the   School of Moscow the US were at their highest . It would be absurd and unacceptable if it closed now .    Today , the school has expanded , moving to It headquarters that unite all schools in one major block . According to the school ’s web site , it counts 1 , 250 students from over the school has a pool , a the school center for pupils , a boutique and an auditorium called quite fittingly Bolshoi Theatre . It has made a lot of progress . Closing it would erase an important chapter of the school . 
 the school 