  ( CNN ) A fake news story led to threats of nuclear war between Pakistan and Israel on Christmas Eve . In an article published by AWDNews on Tuesday December 20 , former Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon was quoted as threatening to destroy Pakistan if Pakistan sent troops into Syria . " We will destroy threatening to destroy Pakistan with a nuclear attack , " an article published by AWDNews on Tuesday December 20 quoted Yaalon former Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon saying . There is no evidence Yaalon former Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said those words . Pakistan Defense Minister Khawaja Asif responded to the fake news article on his Pakistan Defense Minister Khawaja Asif Twitter as if it the fake news article on his official Twitter real . He Pakistan Defense Minister Khawaja Asif Israel that it Israel not the only nuclear power . " Israeli ( defense minister ) threatens nuclear retaliation presuming ( Pakistan ) role in Syria against Daesh . Israel Israel Pakistan is a Nuclear State too , " Asif wrote late on December 23 . Less than a day later , the Israeli Ministry of Defense responded on Twitter , notifying Asif Asif Yaalon statement quoted in AWDNews was completely false . " The statement attributed to ( former Defense Defense ) Yaalon ( regarding ) Pakistan was never said , " the the Israeli Ministry of Defense on its account the Israeli Ministry of Defense " Reports referred to by the Pakistani Def Min are entirely false . " Asif Asif again , late on Christmas night , saying their nuclear program was only a " deterrence to protect our freedom . " " We desire our coexist in peace , both in our region our beyond , " he Asif . Fake news affecting real events , The large quantities of fake news on the internet has regularly made headlines in the past few months , blamed with affecting real events around the world . Most prominently , fake news has been blamed by the United States Democratic Party for helping    Donald Trump win the 2016 United States election . In December , one month after losing to Trump ,   Donald Trump Clinton called fake news " an epidemic . " " This is not about politics or partisanship . Lives are at risk , lives of ordinary people just trying to go about their days Lives do their jobs Lives contribute to their communities Lives " Clinton said Hillary Clinton speaking at an official event in Washington . Just days before she spoke Hillary Clinton a man was arrested with an assault rifle at Comet Ping Pong pizza restaurant in Washington , DC , which had been falsely accused in fake news stories of being involved in a child sex operation . On December 15 , Facebook announced it was going to start labeling " fake news " stories . 
 