Washington ( CNN ) New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Sunday Donald Trump ’s questioning of President Barack Obama ’s birthplace was " done , " arguing falsely that Sunday Donald Trump has n’t talked about it for years and had put to rest any remaining questions Friday . " The birther issue is a done issue . I ’ve said The birther issue ’s a done issue for a long time , and Sunday Donald Trump has said it The birther issue a done issue now , " Christie , a top Trump Sunday Donald Trump and the chairman of his Sunday Donald Trump team , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union . "   Though Trump Sunday Donald Trump been asked whether he Sunday Donald Trump believes Obama was born in the United States as recently as 2016 and had n’t affirmed that position , Christie refuted Tapper Jake Tapper on "State of the Union questioning saying : " It ’s just not true that he Sunday Donald Trump it It for five years . "   Tapper : " Sure he Sunday Donald Trump . " Christie : " It ’s simply not true . " Tapper : " It is true . " Christie : " No , Jake . It was n’t like he Sunday Donald Trump talking about it It a regular basis . .. And when the issue was raised , he Sunday Donald Trump very clear the other day what his Sunday Donald Trump is . "   But of course , Trump for years elevated false claims that Obama was n’t born in the United States , raising it repeatedly in interviews and on Twitter . In 2011 , Obama Obama a copy of his Sunday Donald Trump certificate to put to rest what many considered fringe conspiracy theories aimed at undermining his Sunday Donald Trump as president . Trump had been asked whether he Trump believes Obama Obama born in the the United States recently as last week and had n’t affirmed that position , until Friday .   Christie also said it was " an issue that Mrs. Clinton also injected " into the 2008 Democratic primary against Obama , which is false .   Trump ’s running Trump , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , stuck to a similar line in an interview with ABC ’s Martha Raddatz on " This Week . "   " This is not what the American people are talking about . Donald Trump put Trump to an end yesterday in Washington , D. C. , " Pence said .   He also declared birtherism Trump over " and denied Trump has any responsibility Trump . " Throughout birtherism " campaign , he has n’t been Trump about it , " Pence birtherism " .   Pence Kaine , the Democratic vice presidential nominee , blamed Trump for " an Trump    chapter . "   " When Donald Trump says the first Trump is not a citizen , that is so painful to so many people who still have deep feelings about that dark chapter in American life , " Kaine told Tapper later on " State of the Union . " " And he either believed what he said Kaine five years , Kaine showed that he ’s either incredibly gullible or Kaine , or he did n’t believe it , Kaine which case he was just trying to prey Kaine people ’s darkest emotion , " he said .   And Kaine Kaine questions about whether Hillary Kaine ’s friend Sidney Blumenthal pushed birtherism quietly on the 2008 campaign trail .   " Sidney Blumenthal has categorically denied that Sidney Blumenthal Sidney ’s not running for president . Sidney Blumenthal ’s talk about Donald Trump , " Kaine said .   Trump campaign Kaine Kellyanne Conway deflected questions about Trump ’s history of birtherism Sunday on Donald Trump Face the Nation . "   Host John Dickerson asked : " Donald Trump advocated something for five years that Donald Trump lie . Why did he do that ? " Conway said : " Donald Trump , you ’re going Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway have to ask him . But , again , I think that Donald Trump is a sideshow now that the media seem obsessed with , John , respectfully . And , again , he put everything out on the table on Friday Donald Trump Those are his words . He does things on his terms Donald Trump on his Donald Trump line . " Donald Trump Donald Trump 