May 22 , 2017 , Our week begins with a report on President Trump ’s visit to Saudi Arabia and an excerpt from President Trump’s speech to dozens of leaders from    countries . A look at what ’s said to be " flammable ice " follows , and then we explain why tax reform is a difficult challenge for the U. S. A report on a CNN Hero , a Vietnam veteran who ’s helping other veterans , completes our coverage . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   With two weeks left in our current season , our ’re happy to have you watching CNN 10 . As our previewed Friday , President Donald Trump is taking President Donald Trump first international trip as U. S. leader .   President Donald Trump arrived in the Middle East on Saturday and in contrast to the controversies and questions President Donald Trump ’s facing in President Donald Trump received a royal welcome in Saudi Arabia , and it was n’t just President Donald Trump he was greeted by President Donald Trump nation ’s king , Salman bin Abdulaziz al Saud .   Red carpet , brass bands , American flags , billboard with the two leaders’ faces , images of pomp and respect were all over Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ’s capital Saudi Arabia President Trump and King Salman announced hundreds of billions of dollars in arms deals , oil and gas deals , business deals .    Yesterday , the president gave a speech President Trump and King Salman 50 leaders of Muslim majority countries .   And though he ’s made controversial statements in President Trump and King Salman past concerning Islam , President Trump ’s speech yesterday was a speech attended by 50 leaders of Muslim majority countries on the common goals of , quote , stamping out extremism and providing children a hopeful future that does honor to God . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   It ’s a choice between two futures and it is a choice America can not make for It .   A better future is only possible if your nations drive out the terrorists and drive out the extremists .   Drive them out .   Drive them out of your the terrorists of worship , drive the terrorists out of your communities , drive them out the terrorists your holy land and drive them the terrorists of this Earth . ( END VIDEO the terrorists ) ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   Scientists claim to have successfully mined flammable ice in the South China Sea .   That ’s according to Chinese    media .    " Combustible ice " is a natural gas    containing methane found in underwater tundra .   It looks like ice , but when melted , it releases natural gas .    According to the It Geological Survey , the    was successfully mined for eight days . a natural gas hydrate containing methane found in underwater tundra are calling it a major breakthrough , saying it " may lead a natural gas hydrate containing methane found in underwater tundra global energy revolution " . a natural gas hydrate containing methane found in underwater tundra END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : How many income tax brackets are there in the U. S. ? Three , five , seven , or ten ? There are currently seven tax brackets and generally speaking , the more money Americans make , the higher the percentage they pay in taxes . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) Americans :   President Trump says he wants to simplify U. S. tax code .   President Trump ’s proposed reducing the number of income tax brackets President Trump seven to three .   It could significantly reduce what most Americans pay in taxes on their income .   It could also significantly reduce the most Americans ’s revenue from It .    Income taxes are the main source of revenue for the federal government .   Any changes to the tax code have to be made through Congress and the House of Representatives has officially begun discussing how to do this .    But though lawmakers have the support of some business leaders who say tax reform could lead to more jobs and better wages , and though Republicans control both chambers of Congress and the presidency , there ’s still doubt about Congress Congress will ultimately agree on the way to reform taxes Congress ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) CHRISTINE ROMANS , CNN CHIEF BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT :   Tax reform , the eternal presidential promise . TRUMP :   Tax simplification will be a major feature of the plan .    BARACK OBAMA , FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT :   Both Democrats and Republicans have argued that our tax code is riddled with wasteful , complicated loopholes that punish businesses investing here and reward companies that keep profits abroad .   Let ’s flip that equation .   Let ’s work together to close those loopholes . GEORGE W. ’s , FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT :   It seems like to me the tax code today discourages economic vitality growth when GEORGE W. BUSH, FORMER U. S. PRESIDENT:   our tax code hours filling out the forms . TRUMP :   Our Republican majority will pass massive historic tax reform . ROMANS :   But actually , delivering on it has proved much harder .   In fact , real comprehensive reform has n’t happened since 1986 .    Why is it so difficult ?    Tax reform requires overhauling the entire Tax Code to make it simpler , fairer , more efficient , it ’s a monumental Tax reform that involves tough   . One of Tax reform biggest complications : tax breaks .   This year , the tax code is loaded with nearly $ 1 . 6 trillion the entire Tax Code If Congress limited those goodies , it could lower tax rates overall , and the U. S. Tax Code would Congress a lot less complex . But people the entire Tax Code breaks and that ’s where the fight can get ugly , especially when powerful interest with people and industries war chest can defend their favorite deduction .   Other tax breaks are so popular , it could be politically radioactive for especially when powerful interest with big war chest to touch them .   Think the mortgage interest deduction or the deduction on charitable donations . Congress The other Other tax breaks thing about tax reform : it often involves new ways to raise revenue , but nobody likes paying new taxes .   For tax reform , right now , Americans do n’t pay any taxes on employer provided health care .   Congress specifically wrote the law that way .   But that exclusion will cost the government a hefty Congress 165 billion this year . Now , tax reform could try to change that , but can you imagine the outrage ?    Just another reason tax reform is so hard . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   When he came home from the Vietnam War , U. S. Marine Bob Adams had    stress and did AZUZ:   know it .   In the decades that followed , he found himself helping others who struggled .       Adams eventually cofounded the Midwest Shelter for Homeless AZUZ:   . AZUZ:   It gives free housing and    to U. S. Marine Bob Adams of veterans every year .   They become bands of brothers , attending    classes together , looking for employment together and healing together free housing and counseling ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) BOB ADAMS , CNN HERO :   Ask a Vietnam veteran when he was in Vietnam , the U. S. Marine Bob Adams be last night . Vietnam is never very far away from a Vietnam veteran .   Vietnam went out fighting for the flag and apple Vietnam .   We fought for each a Vietnam veteran . The war followed me home .   Alcoholism , substances , homelessness . We After I got sober , I began to see veterans on the street homeless .   Marines do not leave anyone behind .   And so , to see that code being broken , it shocked into action . The doors of this house opened in 2007 .   The atmosphere is one that code a home .   We want them to take pride of that time in the military and remember what that was like . We MALE :   When I first met Bob , he said , we ’re going back to basic .   If you have gone to basic training , Bob know what We means .    ADAMS :   I remember that you were n’t too sold on this plan . ( LAUGHTER ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   It ’s that when I got here , I was n’t ready for it .   But , I mean , you made it so welcoming .   You know , you this plan the rules and it was stern , but you this plan give it with love . You ate dinner together .   You the rules up together .   You went to this plan the same time and it was just like back in basic . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Bob and I , we have a lot in common .   He was in Vietnam , I was in Afghanistan .   Bob and I went through the same struggles that he went through . I just kind of got to limit myself and make sure that I stay on He same track that I ’m going on now . ADAMS He   Good to hear . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   When he was in the war zone , you know , he was a medic .   Opening the shelter He it ’s the same thing .   He ’s He to help people .    UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   I ended up drinking because I did He want to feel it .   Here , I do n’t have to panic about how am I going to live . ADAMS :   It ’s the reason we ’re here , brother . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   It hurts ADAMS:   thank you . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   To watch people change , begin to feel cared about , is heartwarming . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   I ’m proud to be who I am today .   I ’m working .   I get to spend time regularly with my kids with the help of Bob now .   ’m ’m a lot happier . ADAMS :   My marines were my marines .   And these men who ’ve come ’m this house U. S. Marine Bob Adams my ADAMS:   We do n’t leave anyone My marines ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ this house Many people share (END VIDEOTAPE) a sandwich of grand crackers , marshmallows and chocolate and here are some more .   What ’s uncommon is these many people sharing it all at once , more than 700 students hoping to break the Guinness World Record for making s’mores at the same time .    The attempt happened in a small town in the U. S. state of Pennsylvania .   The old s’more record was 423 .   Organizers say it will take some time to find out if this sets a new high bar .    But if it does , you got to chuck a lot of the credit up to those who cookied up the idea , who planned the       managed to this sets a new high bar mallow and who know sandwich record to break .   It ’s clear they did n’t bite off more than they could chew .    I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 .   We ’ll bring s’more tomorrow .   those who cookied up the idea, who planned the   who managed to say mallow and who know sandwich record to break here to access the printable version those who cookied up the idea, who planned the   who managed to say mallow and who know sandwich record to break today ’s CNN    transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the CNN or in the CNN . CNN 10 ’s priority is CNN 10 stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit CNN 10 complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 