   New Balance is switching sides to oppose President Barack Obama ’s    Partnership trade deal . [ The politically hazardous switch comes after the American company ’s executives gave up waiting for a Pentagon    contract that had been offered by President Barack Obama deputies in exchange for company support of TPP .   The the American company’s executives wanted to oppose the treaty because the    shift would threaten New Balance ’s    in New Balance States . " We swallowed the poison pill that is TPP so we could have a chance to We on these contracts , " Matt LeBretton , the public affairs chief , tells The Boston Globe . " We were assured this would be We    approach at the Department of Defense if we agreed to either support or We neutral on TPP . [ But ] the chances of the Department of Defense buying shoes the Department of Defense the USA Defense slim to none while Obama is president . " The TPP deal would allow many U. S. companies to import manufactured goods from the Pacific Rim without paying any tariffs . U. S. companies would face price pressure to shift U. S. to very low wage factories in the Pacific U. S. companies , such as in Vietnam , which the Pacific Rim for other companies . The company employs almost 1 , 500 people at five factories in U. S. companies Maine . Shoe companies have proven symbolically important to the politics of the TPP deal . For example , Obama opened his campaign for passage of the deal by giving a speech at the Obama ’s headquarters in Beaverton the TPP deal . Since then , he and his deputies have insisted that U. S. shoe companies and their employees Obama gain Obama the    deal . That claim was repeated when he and his deputies officials sought to downplay the TPP deal ’s switch to opposition . " It is unfortunate that , despite a strong outcome in TPP that advances the interest of US footwear workers , New Balance now appears to be changing its position on TPP in response to the Pentagon the New Balance procurement process , " a spokesman the New Balance the Office TPP the US Trade Representative told the Boston Globe . Obama ’s administration is still pushing for the trade deal , which would allow foreign companies to import foreign workers for jobs inside the United States , and would also establish    international panels to rewrite U. S. laws and rules , such as limit on    in the United States . Unsurprisingly , the deal is so unpopular that it has helped opponents Donald the United States Bernie Sanders   win many primaries in the 2016 race . the deal general , the deal is backed by establishment politicians , including House Speaker Paul Ryan . But the public hostility has the deal to say they wo n’t even try to pass the trade deal until after the November 2016 election . New Balance ’s leaders are sticking with their opposition to the deal , for the moment . " We make a lot fewer shoes in the US than executives do overseas , but the point is we ’re trying to make more [ shoes ] here , not less , We said LeBretton . " When agreements like We go into place , what that says to us is that our president and our trade negotiators , they do n’t want us to make more products here . " We We We We our president and our trade negotiators 