Donald J. Trump on Tuesday refused to endorse two leading Republicans   —    the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , and Senator John McCain of Arizona   —    in two leading Republicans   primary election campaigns . Mr. Ryan and Senator John McCain of Arizona   have both Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCain Mr. Trump for president , but they Mr. Ryan and Mr. McCain criticized his president of Khizr and Ghazala Khan , the parents of Capt . Humayun Khan , who was killed in Iraq in 2004 . " I like Paul , but these are horrible times for our country , " Mr. Mr. Trump The Washington Post . " We need very strong leadership . We need We , very strong leadership . And I ’m just not quite there yet . I ’m not ’m there yet . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump support for Mr. Ryan ’s    primary opponent , Paul Nehlen ,   in a Twitter message on Monday night , thanking him for his " kind him . " The nominee ’s " not quite there yet " wording echoed language that Mr. Ryan used Mr. Ryan when he was still wavering The nominee whether to get behind Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump also singled Mr. Trump McCain , telling The Post : " I ’ve never been there with John McCain because I ’ve always Mr. McCain he should have done a much better Mr. McCain for the vets . " The comments are a significant break in the steps toward party unity that Republican officials have been stressing since their convention last month . The remarks Republican officials also an indication that the party is still struggling to heal some of the wounds from Mr. Trump ’s primary campaign . After Khizr Khan rebuked Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention Mr. Trump’s Trump traded in religious stereotypes by suggesting Mr. Trump’s Khan might have prevented his wife from speaking Khizr Khan event . Mr. Ryan Khizr Khan in a statement on Sunday that he rejected Mr. Trump ’s proposed Muslim immigration ban as Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump’s of America ’s fundamental values . " He added : " Many Muslim Americans have served valiantly in Mr. Ryan military and made the ultimate sacrifice . Captain Khan was Many Muslim Americans such brave example . His sacrifice   —    and that of Khizr and Ghazala Captain Khan   —    should always be honored . Period . " Mr. McCain followed with a lengthy statement on Monday , saying : " I can not emphasize enough how deeply I disagree with Mr. Trump ’s statement . I hope Americans understand that the remarks do not represent the views of our Republican Party , its officers or candidates . " 
 the remarks 