Washington ( CNN ) In the White House East Room Monday , President Donald Trump held a news conference with the Canadian Prime Minister that was standard and   . But that belied what is going on behind the scenes : a White House in turmoil . Multiple Trump sources describe aides as worried that on any given day Multiple Trump sources could get fired because of a leak , or because another a White House in turmoil staffer may be out to get them Multiple Trump sources In fact , some campaign aides initially upset about not getting jobs inside the a White House in turmoil say they are relieved some campaign aides not be involved in what some of their friends call some campaign aides toxic environment . As for the White House chief a White House in turmoil , Reince Priebus , sources inside several Trump fiefdoms tell CNN that for now , he is on safe ground     despite Trump friend , CEO Trump conservative Newsmax , Chris Ruddy , dissing Priebus this weekend as " weak . " The President himself made a point of telling reporters Monday that Preibus is doing a " great job . " One alliance that appears to be solid right now is that of Priebus and chief White Priebus strategist Steve Bannon . They have a close working relationship , several administration sources told CNN , and Bannon sees Priebus as chief White House strategist Steve Bannon partner Priebus One source jokingly said Bannon and Priebus are chief White House strategist Steve Bannon . " In fact     Priebus is with the Priebus a lot . Even as Trump has kept a relentless schedule of meetings and photo ops , Priebus is almost always Priebus . The chief of staff ’s critics argue he should spend more the President making the White House function . But sources say Priebus wants to be Priebus the President ’s side so much for an important reason : President Trump is firmly the President’s of his White House from the the President’s picture to     decisions . Priebus feels he needs Priebus be Priebus , at every step , to cheer what he sees as good Priebus and try to steer the President away from bad the President’s Communicating a consistent message is also challenge , even when it comes to something as sensitive a consistent message the fate of national security adviser Michael Flynn . Monday afternoon White House counselor Kellyanne Conway went White House to declare Trump has " full confidence " in Flynn . An hour later , White national security adviser Michael Flynn spokesman Sean Spicer said something White House " The President is evaluating the situation , " said Spicer said in a statement . Another dynamic White House spokesman Sean Spicer White House staff : Trump rewards those who White House line , especially Trump    statements like claims Trump widespread voter fraud . Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller did just that on Sunday . " I can tell you this , voter fraud is a serious problem in the country , " Miller had told ABC News . Trump sources tell Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller that the President loves Miller who served as his campaign travel buddy and Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller writer . Miller the President instrumental in writing Trump ’s    travel Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller and though the President was furious at the way that was the President the     Miller stays in the President ’s favor Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller ’s Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller Sunday , warning the President not to question Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller ’s power , did n’t hurt . " Our opponents , the the President whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions , that the powers of the President to protect our Our are very substantial and will not be questioned , " the President told CBS News . After Miller appeared on four Sunday Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller ( CNN was not one of Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller ) the    President sent an attaboy tweet . " Congratulations Stephen    on representing me this morning the President Sunday morning shows . Great job ! " he said . 
 the President 