  ( CNN ) WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has repeated WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange claim that Russia was not the source of hacked Democratic campaign emails WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange organization released before the US presidential election . The Obama administration , citing US intelligence sources , has accused Russia of orchestrating the hacking of emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta in an attempt to influence the election the US presidential election .   The administration says The Obama administration " 100 The Obama administration certain " about Russian involvement , but    Donald Trump has frequently cast doubt on the veracity of the claims .   In an interview that aired Tuesday on Fox News’ " Hannity , " Assange was asked if WikiLeaks’ source of the hacked material was " Russia or anyone associated with Russia . " " Russia source is not a state party . So the answer     for our interactions     is no , " Assange told anchor Sean Assange from his quarters at the Assange Embassy in London , where he has lived under Assange protection since 2012 .   Pressed on the source of the emails leaked by WikiLeaks in the weeks and months leading up to the November election , Assange repeated , " Assange source is not the Russian government . It is not state parties . " He was not asked Assange if he believed Russia orchestrated Assange hacking . What Trump tweets vs. What Trump means , Palin Trump All is forgiven , Reacting to the Hannity interview , 2008 US vice presidential candidate and    Fox News contributor Sarah Palin , once Palin opponent of WikiLeaks , posted an apology to Assange on Facebook .   " This important information ( the emails ) that finally opened people ’s eyes to democrat candidates and operatives would not have been exposed were it not for Julian Assange , " she Assange   " Palin apologize for condemning Assange when he published my infamous Assange and Podesta     noncontroversial , relatively boring ) emails years ago . " Julian , I apologize . " Trump weighed in on Twitter on Wednesday morning , saying " Julian Assange said ’a 14 year Assange have hacked Podesta     why was DNC so careless ? Also said Russians did not give him the info ! " As with Podesta     ’s    the   ’s citation of the WikiLeaks founder represents a markedly different WikiLeaks whistleblowing organization .   CNN ’s KFile uncovered a 2010 interview with Trump , in which Fox News anchor Brian Kilmeade brought up the topic of WikiLeaks . At the time , WikiLeaks had published hundreds of thousands of classified documents WikiLeaks videos that were leaked to the organization by Pfc Chelsea Manning , known at the whistleblowing organization as Pfc Bradley Manning . Speaking on camera to preview Kilmeade ’s radio show ,   Trump said : " I think it ’s disgraceful , I think there should be like death penalty or something , " during the quick exchange .   Assange denies contact with Putin , Trump campaign , Assange also denied talking to Russian President Vladimir Putin , Assange surrogates or anyone associated with the Trump campaign . Assange He suggested that President Barack Obama Trump " acting like Assange lawyer " with the hacking allegations . " If you look at most of his statements , he does n’t say . .. WikiLeaks Assange its information Assange Russia , worked with Russia . " WikiLeaks said the content of the emails Russia WikiLeaks published Assange germane to the US election and the WikiLeaks of the electorate , and dominated much of the election cycle in the weeks leading up to November 8 .   " Was ( the leaked information ) influential ? Did it have a lot of influence ? Statistically , yes . It was the No . 1 topic on Facebook throughout October . The No . 1 ( political ) topic on Twitter , also , throughout October .   " Did it change the outcome ? October knows . It ’s absolutely impossible to tell . " Trump says it has inside information on hacking , Assange open to Trump Trump leaks if available , Assange also told Hannity he Trump have " absolutely " Assange information about Trump Assange his campaign if he had received it . Trump He Trump that the Trump House ’s his campaign dramatic response Trump " directly accusing Russia of orchestrating the hacks , is an attempt to " delegitimize " Trump ’s presidency , something he believes the defeated party Trump to do .   Trump ( The Democratic Party ) will seize on this and harp on it for the next four years , " he said . this Trump , the computer and email skeptic Trump chief 
 