’   ’ "    Republicans are fleeing Donald Trump ’s camp in droves as a    firestorm of criticism over comments Donald Trump’s made in a leaked    recording continues . " "    Several prominent Republican figures and politicians have    announced Several prominent Republican figures and politicians ’re withdrawing Several prominent Republican figures and politicians support for the GOP    presidential nominee since a leaked   recording surfaced Friday . " ’    The 2005 recording   about    women . Trump , who was newly married to his wife Melania at the    time , boasted of trying to sleep with a married woman and talked    about being able to " grab " women " by the     " because    " when you’’re a star they let you do it when you’’re a star " ’ ’    Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire withdrew her Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire Saturday . ’ "    Ayotte , locked in a tight    fight ,   on Saturday morning that she would Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire longer be    voting for Trump and would instead write in a vote for Indiana    Gov. Mike Pence , Trump ’s Trump . " ’’ ’    " I wanted to be able to support my party’ ’s nominee , chosen by the    people , because I feel strongly that we need a change in    direction for our country , " Ayotte said . ’ ’    " However , I’’m a mom and an American first , and I can not and will    not support a candidate for president who brags about degrading    and assaulting women , " she added . " I will not be voting for    Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton and instead will be writing in    Governor Pence    president on Election Day . " ’ "    This is n’t the first instance of Trump endangering Ayotte   Donald Trump    Senate race . She ’s up she reelection in New Hampshire , and the    race is close . " ’    During a debate earlier this week , she gave an she answer    when asked whether she thinks Trump she a   Donald Trump role model for    kids .    ’    " I would tell a child to absolutely aspire , certainly , to be    their best , and to be president , to seek to run for the    presidency , absolutely , " she said . she ’    She later issued she statement saying she " misspoke she and that    " neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton have set a good    example , and I wouldn’’t hold up either of them as role Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton for    my kids . " ’ ’    Sen. John Thune of South Dakota also rescinded his endorsement of Sen. John Thune of South Dakota Trump on Saturday . ’ ’    " Donald Trump should   Trump Mike Pence should be our    nominee effective Mike Pence , " he . ’ ’   Trump Sen. Mike Crapo of Idaho also withdrew his support for Trump Sen. Mike Crapo of Idaho    Saturday   Trump He   Saturday Trump’ Sen. Mike Crapo of Idaho " repeated actions and comments    toward women have been disrespectful , profane , and demeaning . " He    also called for Pence to replace Trump on the Republican   Trump ’    Several other Republicans had issued similar statements on    Friday : ’ ’ Bryan    contributed to this report . ’ 
 