’   ’ ’     A   Attorney General Jeff    Sessions reiterated A  Attorney General Jeff    position on conservative radio host Hugh    Hewitt’ ’s show on Thursday morning , saying that the Justice    Department will commit to enforcing federal laws on    marijuana in an " appropriate way . " ’ ’    " [ M]arijuana is against federal law , and that applies in states    where they may have repealed they own    laws , "    Sessions told Hewitt . " ’ ’    The marijuana industry has been watching Sessions closely . If the    Trump Administration were to crack down on states with legalized    marijuana , the Department of Justice would have to lead the    charge . In other words , marijuana   whenever Sessions mentions the    topic . ’ ’    Marijuana industry lawyers and compliance experts who spoke to    Business Insider described an industry on edge . ’ ’    " There’ ’s a degree of nervousness running through an industry generally , " Brian Vicente , a partner at the    law firm    Vicente Sederberg and one of the authors of Colorado’ ’s amendment    to legalize marijuana , told   Business Insider . ’ ’    " People have staked their life savings People this , and devoted years    of their lives to People up their brand , People Vicente said , noting    that some    his clients employ Vicente hundreds " of people .   ’ ’    Although   ’ ’    President Trump himself has stayed mum on the topic since the    campaign trail   —    where he discussed   President Trump himself legalize   —    though    his press secretary President Trump himself Sean Spicer ,   during a press briefing in    February . ’ ’   ’ ’    In this time of uncertainty , Vicente says that he’ ’s telling his    clients he’ really clamp down " on compliance . The      fruit Sessions is likely to go after first are dispensaries or    other marijuana companies who are receiving complaints from    neighbors , serving    customers , or playing       with their taxes . ’ ’    " It’ ’s safe to say Sessions is going to come after companies    viewed as bad actors , " Vicente said . " This sort of      on compliance will keep our customers from falling within those    crosshairs . " ’ ’    Sessions himself told Hewitt Sessions the same on Thursday    morning . ’ ’    " Neighbors are complaining , and lawsuits are being filed against    them , " Sessions said Neighbors However , Sessions did admit that it’ ’s not    possible for the federal government to go in and enforce federal    law in every legal state , where police and local authorities    are beholden to state law . ’ ’    Eight states   —      —    live in    states with legalized marijuana . ’ ’    Amy Margolis , a partner at Greenspoon Marder’ ’s Cannabis Law    practice , said that now’ ’s the time to become " "    of her clients as we " now’ into unknown times . " ’ ’    The federal government’ ’s approach to the marijuana industry is    governed by the    Cole Memorandum , The Cole Memorandum ’    The Cole Memorandum makes it difficult Cole the Justice    Department and the DEA to go after marijuana companies , Keegan    Peterson , the CEO of   a compliance and payroll    platform for marijuana companies in Colorado , The Cole Memorandum Business    Insider . Agencies like the IRS and the Department of Labor could    pose problems for the marijuana industry , however .   ’ ’    " C ’ ’    Vicente , the marijuana lawyer , thinks that Sessions will    eventually have to " " Cole Memorandum in order to    enforce federal laws . ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’    Though the Trump Administration has tried to frame the    arguments against marijuana legalization as a public health issue     —      —      Margolis says the economic benefits outweigh the health    argument of which " there’ ’s no evidence to support . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " We have tried hard to shift this conversation to an    economic one and have been very successful with voters , " Margolis    said . " If the new administration does crackdown on regulated    cannabis they will be doing it in the face of a majority of    American voters who support state ’s rights to Margolis    how they see fit . " ’ ’    BMI Research , one regulated   cannabis the few companies the new administration does crackdown on regulated   cannabis publish regular    analysis on the marijuana industry , is still bullish despite    the ambiguity coming down from the regulated   cannabis Administration : ’ ’    BMI notes the bipartisan support from members of Congress for    legalization . Conservatives , focused on the    see    marijuana legalization as    way to reduce federal spending on    criminal justice and healthcare . Progressives , meanwhile , oppose    the lopsided incarceration of    groups for marijuana    crimes .   ’ ’    In his written responses to the Senate Judiciary Committee    at his confirmation hearing ,   ’ "    To Peterson , the CEO of Wurk , the numbers add up in favor of the    federal government keeping the    approach . Some    projections show the his marijuana industry    —    overtaking the manufacturing sector ’s job    creation .   " ’    " We have a private sector president , " Peterson said . " Cannabis       a major part of Colorado’ ’s economy . Taking it away would    be really detrimental to the state’ ’s economy . " ’ ’Jeff Sessions is an opponent of legalizing . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
    