’   ’ ’    Bob Corker is discouraged by Donald Trump . ’ "    The Tennessee senator , chair of the Senate Foreign Relations    Committee , and    rumored running mate for Donald Trump , said on    Tuesday that he was let down by Donald Trump immediate reaction to the    Orlando terrorist attack    the deadliest mass shooting in US    history . " ’    " It wasn’’t the kind of response that I would expect when 50    people have perished , " Corker said , . " You know , I think I’’ve offered    words of public encouragement in important times and continue to       discouraged by the results . " ’ ’    " I continue to be discouraged by the direction of the campaign    and the comments that are made , " he    . " And I did not       yesterday’ ’s speech was the type of speech that one would    give who wants to lead this country through difficult times . " ’ "    Corker joins what is becoming a growing list of leading    Republicans who are not pleased with Trump ’s visceral response to    the Orlando tragedy . " ’    In the aftermath of the deadly attack , Trump Trump his Trump    for the barring of Muslim immigrants and even went as far as to       ’ ’    A number of Republicans in Congress have either publicly       themselves ’ ’   A number of Republicans in Congress such comments , particularly the    rhetoric on immigration , or gone a step further and rebuked them ’ ’   A number of Republicans in Congress ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday at the House GOP    leadership briefing that Trump’ ’s Muslim proposal was not    " reflective of our principles , not just as a party , but as a    country . " ’ ’    " And I think the smarter way to go in all respects is to have a    security test , not a religious test , " he said . ’ ’    " You don’’t ban somebody on race [ or ] religion , " House Majority    Leader Kevin McCarthy echoed at the same event . " I don’’t see that    coming to the floor . " ’ ’   ’ ’    South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham dismissed the plan on Tuesday       well . ’ ’    The South Carolina Republican , who at one time was competing    against Trump in the presidential race , also called his Trump suggestion about Obama’ ’s allegiances " beyond out of line . " ’ ’    " I’’ve never doubted that he Trump his Trump , " Graham . " I think he Trump a worldview that I don’’t agree    with , in terms of how to deal with radical Islam . I don’’t think    he’ ’s sympathetic to their how to deal with radical Islam , I think he’ ’s just made poor    policy choices . " ’ ’    Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake , who’ ’s been increasingly critical of    Trump , said that he " ’ ’   Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, who’ Trump   Trump change some policy    positions , but is " not optimistic , " . ’ ’   ’ ’    And , late on Tuesday afternoon , Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander    provided perhaps the strongest Republican detachment from Trump   Trump ’ ’    " We don’’t have a nominee , " Alexander Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander    ’    After being told that Trump   Trump the party’ ’s presumptive    presidential nominee , the Republican shot back : " That’ ’s what you    say . " ’ "    Meanwhile , other GOP senators , such as    and     seemingly tired of having to    address    presumptive nominee ’s constant controversies    simply    avoided    Trump   Trump to the Orlando terrorist    attack . " ’    Democrats have attempted to seize the moment , with Obama    delivering . ’ ’    " Where does this stop ? " the president rhetorically asked . ’ ’    Obama added : Obama    Are we going to start treating all Muslim Americans    differently ? Are we going to we subjecting them to special all Muslim Americans    surveillance ? " ’ ’    Trump responded to the criticism from the president , the president that while Obama says he Obama    claims to Trump our enemy , " he    " continues Trump prioritize our enemy over our allies , and our that    matter , the    people . ’ ’    " [ W]hen I am president , it will always be America first . " ’ ’Bob Corker is discouraged by Donald Trump yet . .. ’ 
 