’   ’ "    Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban on Wednesday explained what ’  ’ "   Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban on Wednesday believed to be the bigger issue was with President Donald Trump ’s       of FBI Director James Comey . " ’    Cuban Mark Cuban the owner of the NBA’ ’s Dallas Mavericks and star of ABC’ ’s    " Shark Tank , " told Business Insider that it’ ’s not about " whether    or not Comey FBI Director James Comey be fired or why he FBI Director James Comey fired . " ’ ’    " The issue is trust , " Cuban Mark Cuban . ’ ’    " If you trust our president and his FBI Director James Comey making ability , then       move is probably OK , " he FBI Director James Comey . " If you don’’t trust his don’’t making process , or are uncertain about it like I am ,    then    question why he FBI Director James Comey it and    he FBI Director James Comey make his FBI Director James Comey    of replacement . " ’ "    The White House attributed Comey ’s Tuesday ouster to his handling Comey of the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private    email server . But   whether Trump ’s campaign    colluded with Russian officials to help influence the US    election , which led Democrats and other Trump critics Trump’s suggest    that he was Trump’s into an investigation that involved him . Trump’s ’’ ’    In his letter Trump’s Comey , Trump said Trump’s had Comey him    Comey " that he was Comey not under investigation . " Comey has Comey not confirmed that claim publicly . ’ "    Top White House officials such as deputy press secretary Sarah    Huckabee Sanders said that Comey ’s Comey a result of Trump    losing faith in the director . But Trump expressed support Trump       Comey late Comey Comey after he sent his October Comey    Comey the Clinton email investigation , and White House press    secretary Sean Spicer said just last week that Comey had Trump ’s Comey support . " ’    " Our president has yet to demonstrate that he is able to Our president    in any depth why he makes the choices Our president does , " Our president said . " His    responses are Our president driven by sound bites rather than    explanations or facts . And the few times he has done sit Our president    interviews . ..    if not most have reduced clarity . " ’ ’    " In a nutshell , if you want logic and decision supporting    evidence from the president , you have been severely    disappointed , "    continued . "    you want a combative president    that denigrates and fights with any media outlet not supportive    of his actions , you    thrilled and believe he is fighting your    fight against the same forces that you feel are disrupting the    country you love . " ’ ’ telling Business Insider    earlier this year that " we will see " regarding his future plans .    Cuban , an independent , backed Democratic presidential nominee    Hillary Clinton during the    campaign after    initially expressing warmer feelings toward a Trump presidential    bid during the primary . He became one of Hillary Clinton during the   campaign after    ’s top surrogates    and routinely roiled Trump both before the Trump election    and after he was inaugurated in Hillary Clinton during the   campaign after    . ’ ’    Trump took aim at Trump both before a presidential debate with    Clinton and in February , when he tweeted that the Trump    business mogul was not " smart enough " to be president . ’ ’Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban on Wednesday . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 