Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer , president of the Government Accountability Institute and author of the    Clinton Cash , discussed    Donald Trump ’s decision to dissolve his Trump Foundation on Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ his explained to SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam that Trump Foundation was a " little bit different , in a number of respects " from the Clinton Foundation , which became a major issue for candidate Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign .   " The Trump Trump Foundation and large , is what ’s called a ‘ ’ foundation , " Schweizer said . " They would raise money "The Trump Foundation, by and large —    much of it came from the money   family   —    and then they would take that "The Trump Foundation, by and large and give money   charitable organizations . money   might be veterans groups . It would be community groups It There ’s a whole long list of people they ’ve given money to people the years . " " Unlike the Clinton Foundation   —    which , first of all , is much larger and had an infrastructure where they had a lot of people they ran their own programs people — people the Trump Foundation was really the Clinton Foundation   money to other charitable organizations for the work they ’re doing , " he noted the Clinton Foundation   Schweizer said that based the Clinton Foundation   Trump ’s announcement , it looks like there will be an " immediate cessation " of the Trump Foundation ’s work , which the Clinton Foundation   . " I ’ve got to tell you , this is what leadership looks like , " he said . " Consider what Donald Trump has done Schweizer . This is not something Trump’s imposed on him by somebody else . In the case of the Clintons Trump’s you know Barack Obama forced the Clintons into doing a lot of things they did n’t the Clintons do , when she became secretary of the Clintons . "   " Donald Trump has Clintons now said , ‘ I ’m going Trump’s the Trump Foundation . It ’s not going to exist . We ’re no longer going to the Trump Foundation new business projects overseas , meaning major projects like hotels , et cetera , which is a huge concession.’ And he is going to be setting up a structure to , as Trump’s can be done given the legal constraints , remove himself from the    of the Trump organization , " Schweizer said Trump’s   " These are all Trump’s done voluntarily . I ’m extremely encouraged , " he declared . " I was worried that these avenues for conflicts Trump’s interest were going to remain . But honestly , this is what leadership looks like . He says , ‘ Look , I become president , this is Trump’s prime responsibility . I ’m going to do what I can to remove barriers and remove things ’m my way that could create conflicts of interest and trouble.’ So it ’s very , very encouraging , and it ’s a nice change from the Clintons , where they would have it be dragged screaming and yelling to make even the most minor concession to a possible conflict of interest . " Schweizer agreed there was " legitimate criticism of the Trump Foundation " and its spending priorities , after Kassam humorously observed that one of those priorities Schweizer to be purchasing $ 20 , 000 portraits of Donald its spending priorities " We are going to continue to monitor the leadership of the Trump administration , including Donald Trump himself and the children , for conflicts of interest , " Schweizer Donald Trump " It ’s one thing to say , ‘ We Schweizer not gon na do new major projects . We ’re going to remove me from the    process.’ It ’s another thing to We sure that it stays that way that ’s actually It it operates . So I agree with It that the monitoring has to take place It " " My concern , however , was going forward that Trump had won , Trump would feel his position was solidified enough that he would go about as he Trump , that Trump Trump Foundation would remain in Trump , " he continued Trump " Remember that just last year , after he had announced and Trump doing pretty well in the polls , the Trump Foundation Trump a donation from Viktor Pinchuk , who ’s a Ukrainian oligarch the Trump Foundation somebody who gave a lot of money to the Clinton Foundation and got a lot of favors from the Clintons in return , so there the Trump Foundation real concern that it was going to be business as usual . "   " The news that they are going to shut these things down is very encouraging to me , " Schweizer said . " It indicates that , first of all , he recognizes these things are a problem . Second of all , that he recognizes that they are a Schweizer vulnerability these things if you are going to , as one of your Schweizer carrying forward is ‘ we ’re going to drain the swamp of Washington , D. C.,’ it ’s a political vulnerability if you yourself are seen as a creature of that swamp . "   " Look , I ’m not saying that everything is done , everything is taken the swamp of Washington , everything is the place that it should be , " he added . " But I ’m very encouraged that these steps are being taken voluntarily to prevent these conflicts of interest , at least on the ’m of appearance , of causing a problem . I think that is grounds for celebration . If you contrast that with the Clintons , when Hillary became secretary of state   —    Barack Obama put very few restrictions on them , but the ones that he did , the Clintons fought tooth and nail , disclosing who the donors were . So this is a nice contrast to what the Clintons we would have had with Bill and Hillary Clinton , which would have been complete business as usual . " Kassam asked about journalist complaints that Trump has not given a press conference recently , noting that many of these same journalists were perfectly comfortable with Hillary Clinton avoiding press conferences for hundreds of days during the presidential campaign . " I do n’t think Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton do a press interview right now , " Schweizer contended . " He ’s not the President of Trump States . He ’s a private citizen who will very soon be the most powerful figure Trump the world , but no , he ’s not Trump any obligation . " " I do think , obviously , when you become President of the United States that Trump need to subject yourself to questioning . The process , of course , is different in the U. K. the United States Question Time , opposition political figures ask you questions . In the United States , I think you need to give the media the opportunity to do that , " he added . Breitbart News Daily airs the United States 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : Trump 