The most recent NBC    Monkey poll finds Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton among current and former military voters 55 % to 36 % . [ " The most recent NBC   Monkey poll was conducted online from August 29 through September 4 among 32 , 226 registered voters , including 3 , 358 who have previously served or are currently serving in the U. S. military , " NBC News reports .   NBC notes that neither candidate received stellar     ratings from military voters , although Trump Donald Trump much better than Clinton Hillary Clinton Interestingly , he Hillary Clinton enjoys considerably more confidence from military voters as     than he Hillary Clinton from the general electorate . Trump Donald Trump rating as commander of America ’s armed forces was 53 % % among current and former military personnel , compared to 39 % % from the general electorate . Clinton scored Hillary Clinton % % with military voters , 46 % % with the overall electorate . Military voters also scored Trump higher Donald Trump handling veterans’ issues , presumably with an eye toward the V. A. scandals during Barack Obama ’s presidency . Trump enjoyed Donald Trump % support on the question of veterans’ issues from military voters , versus only 28 % for Clinton , Hillary Clinton they were virtually tied among the general electorate ( 40 % Trump , 39 % Clinton . Hillary Clinton NBC claims that Clinton " Hillary Clinton up ground against Trump , Donald Trump , on the issue of nuclear weapons , " but that is not really what their poll NBC . Among military voters , Trump and Donald Trump are Hillary Clinton on nuclear weapons   —    34 % Clinton , 33 % Trump   —    with a rather large contingent saying it does    trust either of them . a rather large contingent saying it doesn’t trust either of them is among all voters that Clinton scores Hillary Clinton 20 points better on the nuclear question , with about the same 25 % of respondents declaring it does n’t trust either Clinton or Hillary Clinton . As the poll internals show , the discrepancy is largely due to a much larger percentage of Republican voters declaring it does the discrepancy trust either Clinton or Hillary Clinton , while Clinton gets Hillary Clinton from fully 84 % of Democrats . As a point of comparison , Military Times performed a survey of military personnel in May , and found Trump leading Trump % Hillary Clinton 25 % which is not far from NBC ’s results . Bernie Sanders actually fared much better against Trump in that poll Trump but was still behind , 51 % to 38 % . The poll found fully that poll of respondents saying they planned to abstain from that poll . Military Times noted that Trump ’s support from Trump stretched back into the hot months of the primary season , as he was the most Trump choice among the six Republicans still running when a previous survey was conducted in March . 
 