’   ’ ’    CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer called out Donald Trump for encouraging    hostility toward journalists who cover Donald Trump rallies . ’ ’    CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer pleaded with Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne    Conway for the Republican nominee to take it easier on    members of the press . ’ ’    " They go to all the rallies , they’’re in this pen , they’’re points    to They , they’’re sort of eggs the crowd on to go after They , "    Blitzer said . " And they’’re a lot of young journalists there .    they’’re scared sometimes . "   ’ ’    " I know them all , I respect them all , " Conway began to answer ,    before Blitzer cut    off . ’ ’    " He Conway be doing that , "   Blitzer fired back . " Could you talk    to him Conway say to him Conway ’’ Mr. Trump , we only have a few days left .    These are hardworking young journalists . They These some    security . ’’ " ’ ’    Conway attempted to partially shift the blame to journalists    themselves journalists    who she said were being overly negative in their journalists    coverage of Trump . ’ ’    " Their Twitter feed is for some of them Their we’’ve done an analysis ,    85 , 90 % negative towards Donald Trump " Conway said . " You    didn’’t hear anything good to say ? There’ ’s nothing good to report    that day that you would actually put in your Twitter    feed ? So I think the responsibility has to go both    ways . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump has Trump no secret of his   Trump the course of his campaign Trump    and    escalating his rhetoric Trump a number of women     of sexual assault . In recent weeks , he has Trump accused    media of supposedly " rigging " the election in favor    of Democrat Hillary Clinton   —    a claim he repeatedly Trump with no    evidence to back it up . ’ "    In response , Trump supporters have   to embedded journalists at his    Trump . Some have described   they ’ve Some on the    campaign trail . " ’    On " The Situation Room " on Tuesday , Conway said she would Conway relay Blitzer’ ’s request to the candidate , who she said Conway    " probably watching right now . " ’ ’    If Trump was , the message fell on deaf ears . About 20    minutes later , at a rally in Tallahassee , Florida , Trump    Trump press once more . ’ ’    " There is nothing more corrupt than those people , " he said to Trump roaring applause . " They are a corrupt group . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tA note that we just received from someone attending the Trump rally here Trump Tallahassee :   Tallahassee ’ ’ ’ . asks   to have Trump stop calling Trump the media at his rallies ’ Trump 