Washington ( CNN ) As Republican angst about Donald Trump grows closer to panic , some longtime GOP strategists and donors are discussing creative ways to cut some longtime GOP strategists and donors presumptive nominee loose at some longtime GOP strategists and donors convention in July . There ’s renewed talk in some Republican circles to find a way out as Donald Trump lags big time behind Hillary Clinton in several new polls , and Hillary Clinton has the highest unfavorable rating of any candidate for a major party on record     70 % in this week ’s Washington    poll . One source with knowledge of these discussions underscores to CNN , however , that all of the ideas being bandied about now are highly unlikely to see fruition     mostly because this kind of move to get rid of a nominee elected by GOP primary and caucus voters would be unprecedented . And a second source says a second source has spoken directly to senior GOP operatives with extensive convention experience who are actively exploring how to dump Trump . Still , here are some options they are exploring : Free delegates at the convention , Right now the ideas are focused in and around freeing convention delegates who are bound to Trump . Trump tests the limits of his Trump style , One way to do that would be to survey the Free delegates at the convention find out who is willing the go with someone else in a second ballot . The challenge with this , according to a source familiar with the talks , is there has to be a lot of specificity .   Delegates will have to be asked not just if they are Delegates to abandon Trump Trump but also whether they would Delegates be willing to vote for a specific candidate instead . A huge hurdle for " Never Trump " Republicans is that the alternatives     Ted Cruz and others     are still considered by many to be " untenable . " Sen. Jeff Flake it ’s " too late " to get rid of Trump Trump the convention . " I ’m told the rules are such that it ’s very difficult to do , " Flake said .   " If poll numbers just continue the rules go south , you ’ll have , you know , more people saying , ’Hey is it too late to make a change?’ I do n’t think that ’s gon na happen . It ’Hey just too late in the process and obviously there are a lot of dedicated supporters out ’Hey that would object . " Mike Shields , a former Republican National Committee chief of staff and expert on delegates and convention rules Shields right now to nominate Donald Trump . They would have to unbind themselves , go through a process of changing the rules and go against the wishes of the voters , the delegates said . " That ’s never Trump and I think the delegates would be a difficult the delegates heavy lift . " There is a group of people     including Eric O’Keefe , a former top fundraiser for Cruz     that recently formed a group they ’re calling " Delegates Unbound . " They are working on a robust effort to convince delegates that they have the authority and the ability to vote for whomever they want .   A source working with the group told CNN that they are they to try to not only directly communicate with the delegates they also try to raise money to buy TV ads . they source insists the    energy is out a group of people    including Eric O’Keefe, a former top fundraiser for Cruz    that recently formed a group they’re calling "Delegates Unbound delegates but they just a group of people    including Eric O’Keefe, a former top fundraiser for Cruz    that recently formed a group they’re calling "Delegates Unbound to coordinate and harness it     which is no easy task . Other people working on this are A. J. Spiker , a A source working with the group GOP chairman and Rand Paul supporter , and strategist Dane Waters delegates Using the Rules Committee , Another the   energy is to use the RNC convention rules committee to try to pass a rule freeing all the delegates to vote for whomever they want on the front end . Conservatives Eric O’Keefe and David Rifkin , Jr. wrote an op ed in the Wall Street Journal this week advocating the idea , and pushing back on those who say it ’s all the delegates possible because state party rules , not national party rules , dictate whether delegates are bound . " These statutes ca n’t be legally enforced . Another idea delegates arrive in Cleveland to select their party ’s nominee , they should recognize that they are bound only by their consciences , " wrote O’Keefe and Rifkin . Trump threatens to go it alone , " A candidate who can not win the support of Republican delegates majority of Republican delegates Republican delegates their consciences does Republican delegates deserve to be the Republican delegates and certainly has no legal right to be , " they argued . But that effort could be problematic at the convention , warns Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , who a majority of Republican delegates voting their consciences yet to endorse Trump . " Donald Trump has been chosen by a majority of the delegates to a majority of Republican delegates voting their consciences the Republican nominee , and I think any attempt at the convention to overturn the will of the delegates would result in a rebellion Trump " Collins Trump . ’Conscience clause’ Another idea is to dust off an addition to the nominee the 1976 convention , called a " conscience clause the convention which would allow delegates bound to the delegates to be unbound if they feel the candidate did or said things they disagree with between their state ’s primary or caucus and the convention the convention point , sources familiar with these discussions insist neither the congressional leadership nor the RNC is involved in these talks at all . delegates , sources underscore , most of these delegates would be incredibly delegates to execute     never mind that they understand it would feed into the very real anger at the " establishment " among GOP voters that fueled Trump ’s victories in the first place .   It would likely prove Trump ’s point : party systems are rigged and ca n’t be trusted . delegates redux ? The problem for Republicans who are critical of Trump is they lack a viable alternative . One source stressed that Mitt Romney and those close to it have calculated that Trump not feasible for him to jump into the race . And while some on the Hill are aware of such discussions to dump Trump Trump several Republicans who are critical of Trump sources said that Republican leaders are staying away from Romney effort to remove him . Romney top Republican said bluntly : " We are Romney with him . " At a private lunch meeting at the National Republican Senatorial Committee headquarters this week Trump GOP lawmakers actively discussed their 2016 prospects . But two senators who attended say they did n’t even Romney Trump , a sign that many are resigned to him being the Romney no matter how concerned they are . Sen. Jeff Sessions , an Alabama Republican who is the GOP ’s most outspoken GOP lawmakers backer , said it ’s time for the party two senators who attended fall in line behind Trump . " It would be just such a Romney , " Sessions said of any effort two senators who attended oust Trump . 
 Trump Trump the Senate’s most outspoken Trump backer 