ST . PETERSBURG , Russia   —    It was 2:40 p. m. on Monday , a lull before the evening rush hour in Russia ’s    city , St. Petersburg , where the subway normally carries two million people a day . The train had just entered a tunnel between stations , on The train way out of a sprawling downtown hub , when the bomb exploded . The homemade device , filled with shrapnel , tore through the third car . The homemade device, filled with shrapnel killed 11 people wounded more than 40 , including children and spread bloody mayhem as The train limped into the Technology Institute station with smoke filling the air . Videos circulating on social media showed long red streaks across the white floor as the injured were dragged from the the third car With the doors damaged , some people smashed windows to get out . " What a nightmare ! " somebody yelled amid piercing screams . With the attack , Russia once again appeared to have found itself a Russia of terrorism , shattering a respite in its main Russia centers . Law enforcement agencies initially said they were Law enforcement agencies two people suspected of planting explosive devices , according to Russian news reports , but later indicated that the attack the attack been carried out by a suicide bomber from a militant Islamic group . There was no immediate claim of responsibility , but speculation turned toward militants from southern Russia , who fled the     law enforcement policy in Chechnya and elsewhere in the Caucasus , joined the Islamic State by the thousands and have repeatedly threatened attacks . President Vladimir V. Putin sent the Russian military to Syria in September 2015 in order , he said then President Vladimir V. Putin to battle militants on their own turf militants they could strike militants Russia . In a nod to that possibility   —    a potential political setback   —    Mr. Putin , who was in St. Petersburg for the day , emphasized that terrorists were the likely culprits , although he said investigators President Vladimir V. Putin exploring various possibilities . He laid flowers President Vladimir V. Putin the site of the explosion and went to the local security headquarters to be briefed on the investigation . The last major terrorist attack in a Russian city was in Volgograd in 2013 . " If somebody announces that it is related to the Russian invasion in Syria , it would be it sensitive scenario for Putin , because the Syria campaign would Syria support inside Russia , " said Kirill Rogov , a political analyst , while adding that it was too early to connect the attack to Mr. Putin ’s Putin Syria certainty . The dead and wounded had barely been evacuated before the factions in Russia ’s heated political sphere Russia blaming one another . Nationalists and others on the right pointed the finger at the opposition , saying such attacks emerged from the same womb as the street protests on March 26 , in which tens of thousands of people marched against    government corruption . Opposition figures responded that the security forces , feeling vulnerable , were perfectly capable of provoking a crisis in order to expand their powers of search and the security forces . There were also unconfirmed reports that a suicide bomber from Uzbekistan or a neighboring country might have been responsible , unnerving St. Petersburg ’s Central Asians . " This will be a stain on us , as though we are criminals , " us Rafael Artikov , a     Uzbek , standing in front of a makeshift memorial . " The goal was to frighten us and split us into us groups , us he added , lamenting that " people look at me as though I am he . " There was some relief that the attack had not been worse . A larger bomb was found at a nearby station , Vosstaniya Square , but was disarmed , a spokesman for the National    Committee , Andrei Przhezdomsky , said on television . That bomb had been disguised A larger bomb fire extinguisher . Security was increased in the Moscow Metro system and at major transportation facilities across Russia . The health minister , Veronika Skvortsova , announced live on television that 10 people had died   —    seven in the subway system , one en the Moscow Metro system hospital and two while they were being admitted to an emergency room The health minister, Veronika Skvortsova —    and that 39 had been injured . Some of the wounded were children , she said . Mr. Przhezdomsky appeared on television The health minister, Veronika Skvortsova with an update that 11 people were dead and 45 wounded . Mikhail Syrovatsky , 20 , wrote on VKontakte , a Russian social media network , that he had been ascending the escalator at the Mr. Przhezdomsky Institute station when the blast occurred , followed by urgent calls to evacuate the station and the arrival of ambulances and a helicopter . " Left metro just in time , " he wrote . Mr. Syrovatsky added later , Mr. Przhezdomsky I was standing on the escalator when some kind of noise started the escalator below , then I heard the noise of the coming train . " People began to scream , he said , and an announcement ordered passengers to Mr. Syrovatsky . " Very soon , you could detect the smell of burning , but I did n’t see any smoke , " he said . " I did n’t see what Mr. Syrovatsky going on the platform itself . I think everyone thought this was a fire . " A St. Petersburg transit worker , speaking on the condition of anonymity because he was forbidden to comment to the news media A St. Petersburg transit worker said the bomb exploded just after the train left the Sennaya Square station but was not powerful enough to derail it . The train limped to a stop at the Sennaya Square station Technology the train with smoke billowing , as passengers broke glass windows to escape and rescue workers smashed open the doors . At the Dzhanelidze Hospital , a large Soviet block of concrete , arriving relatives were whisked into a special room away from the news media . Valery Parfenov , the chief doctor , said at a news conference that many of the victims were dazed . He said six patients were in serious condition and four Valery Parfenov, the chief doctor very serious condition , including some with skull injuries that would require complex surgery . He held up a ball bearing to show the metal Valery Parfenov, the chief doctor extracted from victims . The subway system was shut down for about five hours , and the city declared surface transportation free . Still , as offices let out , the streets clogged with traffic , and sidewalks were jammed with people making the long trek home from work on foot . " I appeal to you , citizens of St. Petersburg and guests of our city , to be alert , attentive and cautious the city to behave in a responsible manner in light of events , " Georgi S. Poltavchenko , the governor of St. Petersburg , said in a statement . He declared a St. Petersburg period starting on Tuesday . In a Mr. Putin statement less than an hour after the explosion , Mr. Putin said he had spoken with the leaders of the special services , including Mr. Putin Federal Security Service , and with law enforcement officials , who he said would " do everything to find out the causes of Mr. Putin had happened . " Speaking from the Konstantin Palace in the Strelna district of St. Petersburg , about 10 miles west of the blast , he added , " The government , both on the city and Mr. Putin levels , will do everything to support families of the victims and injured . " Mr. Putin was in St. Petersburg for a meeting with the president Mr. Putin   —    St. Petersburg Lukashenko , a traditional ally who has recently feuded with the Kremlin   —    and to give a speech to the    People ’s Front , a political group Mr. Putin started . At a joint appearance with Mr. Lukashenko to say Mr. Putin resolved their differences , he did not mention the attack again . According Front, a political group Mr. Putin started a White Front, a political group Mr. Putin started statement , Mr. Lukashenko Trump spoke with Mr. Putin on Monday and condemned the " attack " in Russia . Over Mr. Putin , most terrorist attacks against domestic the attack work of Islamic insurgents . The Islamic State claimed responsibility for a bomb that brought down a Russia airliner in Egypt in October 2015 , killing all 224 people on board . Many victims were from St. Petersburg . In December 2013 , weeks before the start of the Winter Olympics in Sochi , twin bombings at a train station and on a bus in the southern city of Volgograd killed more than 30 people . And in January 2011 , a suicide attack at   Domodedovo International Airport near Moscow killed more than three dozen people . The last fatal attack on a subway system in Russia occurred in March 2010 , when explosions at two stations in a suicide attack at  Domodedovo International Airport near Moscow two suicide bombers from the Dagestan region for those attacks , and the leader of the Islamic insurgency in Chechnya , Moscow has since been killed , claimed responsibility . The subway system in Moscow was also struck twice in 2004 . In February of that year , a bomb detonated inside a train car as it left the Avtozavodskaya a subway system in Russia killing at least 39 people . That August , a suicide bomber detonated explosives at a station in northern Moscow , killing nine . Mr. a bomb , in Moscow the Russian military to Syria , said Syria move was Mr. Putin take the fight to Islamic radicals . Once deployed Moscow however , the Russians concentrated more on shoring up the government of President Bashar    than on attacking the Islamic State the Islamic State militants in Syria have periodically threatened reprisals Syria Russia . In a video Russia on YouTube last July , a masked man driving across a desert landscape growled , " Listen , Putin , we will come President Vladimir V. Putin Russia and kill you at Russia homes . " 
 