   Donald J. Trump ’s incoming administration is girding for battle with corporatists , globalists , and special business interests over his core policy objective of bringing U. S. manufacturing jobs that have been shipped overseas back to the United States , several senior advisers to   Donald J. Trump tell Breitbart News . [ " There is a big fight brewing over control of the American economy ’s direction , " one of three senior advisers to the    with intimate knowledge of the looming fight told Breitbart News . " Globalists , Wall Street fat cats and corporatists are fighting against      Donald J. Trump ’s core message of returning the United States back to a major manufacturing power on the world stage . Nationalists , on the other hand , want to return power and wealth back to the people in the middle and working class in America . "   The senior incoming administration sources expect this fight to play out on three major policy fronts : trade , infrastructure , and taxes and the budget . Globalist elitists want Trump policies on these fronts to benefit the upper corporate echelon , whereas the nationalist populists would rather the focus be on benefits to the middle and working classes . Those same upper corporate echelon elites have shipped jobs overseas thanks to weak U. S. trade deals , then reaped the benefits of government connections for major contracts for U. S. projects —   all while being sheltered by tax code proposals from career politicians that reward the wealthiest in society without much regard for the average American worker or family . Nationalist populists want to restore the balance in that equation by making sure that average American workers —   not corporatist elites —   have a job so they average American workers —  not corporatist elites —   feed their average American workers —  not corporatist elites —   and reap the majority of benefits from the tax code and from infrastructure projects . While the specifics are still being hammered out , one of the first battles on which this war will likely play itself this war is with regard to tariffs on imported    goods . Some proposals like a possible 10 percent tariff —   or a lower five percent tariff —   on all imported goods are being discussed internally , according to a recent CNN report , but senior sources say the the specifics n’t yet finalized . CNN ’s CNN King and Jeremy Diamond reported this week :    Donald Trump ’s transition team is discussing a proposal to impose tariffs as high as 10 % on imports , according to multiple sources . A senior Trump transition official said Thursday the team transition team up to a 10 % tariff aimed at spurring US manufacturing , which could be implemented via executive action or as part of a sweeping tax reform package they would push a 10% tariff aimed at spurring US manufacturing, which could be implemented via executive action or as part of a sweeping tax reform package they would push through Congress Congress . Incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus floated a 5 % tariff on imports in meetings with key Washington players last week , according to two sources who represent business interests in Washington . But Washington senior transition official who spoke to CNN Thursday on the condition of anonymity said the higher figure is now in play . The CNN report argues CNN such moves by the Trump administration may create a " trade war " with international powerhouses like China . China is one China that has particularly benefitted from the drain on American manufacturing and other U. S. industry , like steel production , over bad trade deals . " Such a move would deliver on Trump ’s ‘ America First’ campaign theme , but risks drawing the U. S. into a trade war with other countries and driving up the cost of consumer goods in the U. S. , " CNN ’s King and Diamond wrote . " And it ’s causing alarm among business interests and the    Republican establishment . " But senior Trump advisers , like billionaire investor Carl Icahn —   who is now officially a Trump adviser — Trump say that a " trade war , " as critics say , is already looming and there ’s nothing anyone can do to stop it . So instead , he argues , senior Trump advisers, like billionaire investor Carl Icahn —  who is now officially a Trump adviser —   United States may want to just power through it , fight the United States war , and win it while it the United States still the United States the terms of such a battle . " If you get into a trade war with China , sooner or later we ’ll have to come to grips with that , " Icahn said on CNBC , an interview highlighted by Business Insider . " I remember the day something like that would really knock the hell out of the market . " But , he added : Icahn But maybe if you ’re going to do it , you should get it over with it right ? " That ’s the prevailing thinking in Trump world . Advisers like Icahn , whom Icahn touted frequently on the trail throughout the primaries and the general election as a close personal friend , and others like billionaire Wilbur Ross —   the incoming Commerce Secretary —   believe that the U. S. needs to confront these challenges head on and win . And with advisers like Icahn , Ross , and the newly announced    Peter Navarro as Assistant to the President and Director of Trade and Industrial Policy —   along with the creation of a new White House National Trade Council ( NTC ) —   leading the charge , with help from incoming Chief White House strategist and senior counselor to the    Stephen K. Bannon , the former Executive Chairman of Breitbart News , and senior adviser to the president for policy Stephen Miller , sources say this battle is inevitable . In a piece for Politico Magazine , Envestnet ’s head of global strategy Zachary Karabell detailed how Navarro —   who is leading the NTC —   is " a    China trade hardliner . " " He views China how Navarro —  who is leading the NTC —   a   China economic competitor to the United States , one that has routinely bent and broken global trade rules , and one whose economic fundamentals are dicey at best , " Karabell wrote . Zachary Karabell Seeing China as an   China paper tiger ( or dragon as the case may be ) he also believes how Navarro —  who is leading the NTC —   the Beijing government is weaker than it seems and the Beijing government to pressure and coercion . Hence he is supportive how Navarro —  who is leading the NTC —   retaliatory tariffs and other measures designed to ‘ level the playing field . ’ " Karabell also detailed Zachary Karabell Ross and Navarro joined forces to publish a detailed paper during the campaign summarizing Trump ’s economic plans : Along with Ross , Navarro Ross a Navarro paper in September that outlined and defended Trump ’s economic Trump’s The plan has four pillars : " tax cuts , reduced regulation , lower energy costs , and eliminating America ’s chronic trade deficit . " But trade is their real passion : trade honed in on trade entry of China into the World Trade Organization , which they said " opened trade ’s markets to America flood of illegally subsidized Chinese imports , thereby creating massive and chronic trade deficits " and " rapidly accelerated the offshoring of America ’s factories and America concomitant decline in US domestic business investment as a percentage of our economy . " And they ripped into the WTO , which they said meant the they States " has effectively surrendered its sovereignty to a the United States of countries that do not always ( or often ) have America ’s interests at America " But the report is also a pastiche of different economic philosophies —   it cites as sources both the report conservative Heritage Foundation and the    Economic Policy Institute , two Washington think tanks whose ideological underpinnings could not be more different . Despite this charge towards populist nationalist economics , there do seem to be a few people in the Trump circle who are resisting the shift —   folks from the more Wall    wing of the incoming administration . Karabell points to both incoming National Economic Council director Gary Cohn and incoming Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin , two Goldman Sachs executives . " Cohn , a commodities trader known for his    style , holds Cohn traditional views on    mantras such as balancing    with encouraging the flow of capital , " Karabell wrote of Cohn , the president and Chief Operating Officer of Goldman Sachs who will lead Goldman Sachs administration ’s National Economic Council . Karabell added in a section of Karabell piece on the former Trump Karabell finance chairman : Steven Mnuchin , Treasury secretary pick , is another product of Goldman . Mnuchin has said little about his Steven Mnuchin on economics , but Steven Mnuchin did reap considerable profit from Steven Mnuchin up IndyMac and its distressed mortgages during the heart IndyMac the financial crisis even at the cost of many foreclosures . During an interview on CNBC the day of his appointment , Mnuchin said his Steven Mnuchin priorities were tax reform Mnuchin rolling back the    Act   —    not exactly what all those voters demanding the return of lost industries in middle America were clamoring for . A donor mostly to Democrats , he does n’t appear to have Steven Mnuchin deep commitment to Trump or Donald Trump . At the end of the day , while there may be diversity of thought in Trump ’s Donald Trump on Trump’s , it ’s Trump ’s Donald Trump that matters these matters most . No announcement or decision is final until Trump himself Donald Trump , and Trump has made Donald Trump views on Donald Trump policy , infrastructure spending , and tax reform very clear over the course of the campaign . He the campaign summarizing Trump’s economic plans Donald Trump much more in line with the nationalist populists than with the globalist elitists , and so sources close to the    tell Breitbart News to expect Breitbart News decisions and plans will fit more in that vein . " Offshoring has enriched a few international corporations at the expense of the U. S. middle the U. S. are bringing back our jobs , " said a second senior adviser to Trump who we Donald Trump Breitbart News . "   Trump is Breitbart News the American worker first , " a third senior Trump adviser added Donald Trump a conversation with Breitbart News . " Creating jobs for Americans Breitbart News the economy is the first , second , and third priority of this our economy " As Trump prepares for Donald Trump the president of the American worker on the world stage , he ’s likely Donald Trump face backlash from three particularly powerful interests : business groups who are afraid their executives and corporate leadership will lose money despite the gains for American workers , other countries which will aim to retaliate against any tariffs , and establishment politicians in both political parties in Washington —   but Washington Republicans —   influenced heavily by those corporate and foreign interests . CNN quoted CNN " senior transition official " who said Trump ’s transition team is " beginning to find ‘ common ground’ with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady , pointing in particular to the border adjustment tax measure included in House Republicans’ ‘ Better Way’ tax reform proposal , which would disincentivize imports through tax policy . " But , Diamond and John King and Jeremy Diamond " Aides to Ryan and Brady declined to say they had ‘ common ground’ with Trump , but acknowledged they Donald Trump Paul Ryan deep discussions with transition staffers Aides to Ryan and Brady the issue . " As for other countries , Aides to Ryan and Brady Richter of Wolf Street wrote for Business Insider , expect " retaliation Business Insider response to a Trump tariff . Richter wrote Donald Trump Other countries would , as they always do , retaliate . Hence the term ‘ trade Wolf Richter of Wolf Street Countries will be careful not to escalate Other countries but these things can escalate nevertheless , because no one wants to seem weak and back off . Either way , it would pull the rug out from under world trade . But world trade , a reflection of the health of the global    economy , is already in bad shape . For the past two years , it has been languishing in a condition we now call the Great Stagnation . It remains to be seen whether President Trump will be as Donald Trump this venture on a grand scale as it was with the specific example Donald Trump keeping about a thousand Carrier Corporation jobs in Indiana as    —   or his negotiations with Boeing over the Donald Trump of Air Force One redesigns as another example —   but aides say to expect a wholly different and fresh approach to all of these major issues facing the United States when he takes office on January 20 Donald Trump 
 the United States 