  ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders has assured Vice President Joe Biden that Bernie Sanders ’ll eventually endorse Bernie Sanders Democratic primary rival Hillary Clinton , Vice President Joe Biden told an interviewer Thursday . But Bernie Sanders quickly pushed back , saying , " We ’re not there quite yet . " " Oh , I ’ve talked to Bernie , Bernie Sanders ’s Bernie Sanders to endorse her , Bernie Sanders is going to work out , " Biden told Vice President Joe Biden Public Radio in an interview for " Weekend Edition " that will air on Sunday . A portion of the interview an interview for "Weekend Edition" that will air on Sunday Thursday evening . " The Democrats are coalescing even before this occurs , " he added Bernie Sanders   Sanders has Bernie Sanders to formally back Clinton , who clinched the nomination earlier this month . He ’s Bernie Sanders to ensure his top Bernie Sanders items     including combating income inequality and reforming the banking system     are taken up by Clinton and other Democrats this election year .   However , the Vermont Bernie Sanders last week he would likely vote Bernie Sanders Clinton in November , regarding Clinton as the most probable Clinton to beat Donald Trump , the presumptive GOP nominee .    Asked about Biden ’s remarks on MSNBC on Thursday , Sanders said he had last spoken with Sanders three weeks ago . Biden did n’t deny that Sanders would endorse Clinton but Sanders declined to Clinton Biden ’s comments . " Biden’s , ’Right now , my hope is that we can reach an agreement on some very important issues and I can go forward to the millions of people who supported me and say , look , this is the progress you have made . This is where we ’re going to go as a country.’ So I hope it happens . As of this moment , we ’re not there quite yet we " Other top party leaders , including Biden , President Barack Obama and Sen. Elizabeth Warren have all thrown their support behind Clinton . Biden Other top party leaders, including Biden, President Barack Obama and Sen. Elizabeth Warren endorsement was    without the type of hyped rollout that accompanied Obama ’s public backing of Clinton .   RELATED : Bernie Clinton : ’It does n’t appear that I ’m going to be the nominee’ But Biden has begun mentioning his support Biden Clinton regularly , Biden to work Clinton help her get Biden .   Biden has also had Clinton praise for Sanders , Biden his longstanding focus on issues of Bernie Sanders . Biden Biden Sanders earlier this month at the Naval Biden following Bernie Sanders Oval Office sitdown between Obama and the candidate .    Warren stumped for Clinton on Monday , and both Obama and Biden Clinton appear on the campaign trail Obama her Biden week .    Obama will campaign for Warren in Charlotte , a Obama to the city Clinton he was formally nominated as the Democratic nominee in Obama . The event is scheduled to take place at the same venue .   Meanwhile , Biden pitches Clinton in Scranton , his hometown . Biden " Clinton folks back home Biden me . And they know my shortcomings , and I have a Those folks back home of them , and they know my strengths , " Those folks back home told NPR Those folks back home arguing that familiarity will help Biden vouch for Clinton .   " I understand the hardest thing Clinton do is not writing the check . The hardest thing is vouching . When you vouch for them you say ’I’m putting my reputation on the Those folks back home , I believe this person is a good person , has character , " Biden said . " You ’re putting your rep Biden the line you ’re saying I think this person has character and that ’s what I this person to do for Hillary . " 
 