’   ’ "      Donald Trump ’s doctor recently gave an interview    to a health publication and then threatened to end the reporter ’s    career if ’s doctor published the reporter’s   career . " ’    STAT News   Harold Bornstein , for three    hours earlier this month for ’s doctor first interview since the    election . ’ ’    ’s doctor seemed unconcerned about the effect the stress of the    presidency could have on Trump , who is in line to be the oldest    any US president has been on Inauguration Day . ’ ’    " If something happens to the oldest   any US president , then it happens to the oldest   any US president , " ’s doctor told STAT News . " It’ ’s like all the rest of us , no ? That’ ’s why we us have a vice president and a speaker of the House and a whole line    of people . They can just keep dying . " ’ "    Five days after the interview , STAT reported , Bornstein told the    publication he Bornstein n’t want any photos or an article from the    interview to be published . " ’’ ’    " I happen to have known the Sulzbergers for 50 years , " Bornstein Bornstein STAT STAT referring to the family that publishes The New York    Times . " I’’m going to make sure you don’’t ever work again if you    do this . " ’ "    Bornstein , who has been Trump ’s doctor for more than 35 years ,    became    sensation when he wrote    letter saying Trump would Trump    the healthiest president in history . " ’    In the STAT interview , Bornstein said    had    never been able to    find    wrong with " Trump , Trump from the fact that he’ ’s " a    few pounds overweight . " He also    Obamacare , saying " the    rates went up , the services went down , the deductibles went way    up    " ’ ’    And he had    for Trump and Trump message    making America    great again . ’ ’    " Trump was Trump , really , by people that are used to paying ,    the    of the country , " Bornstein said . " The center the center of the country old Protestant the country work , you get paid . " ’ 
 