Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • Russia vetoed a U. N. Security Council resolution sponsored by the United States , Britain and France which would have condemned last week ’s chemical attack in Syria . ( China abstained . ) The vote reflected how President Trump ’s plan to mend ties with Moscow has given way to acrimony . " We may be at an    low in terms of relationship with Russia , " President Trump said , as he President Trump NATO ’s secretary general , Jens Stoltenberg , at the White House . President Vladimir Putin sat down with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at the Kremlin for two hours , despite saying earlier that he President Vladimir Putin not have time to meet the oil executive . Above , Mr. Tillerson with his President Vladimir Putin counterpart , Sergey Lavrov . _ _ _ _ _ • Reports that the Japanese Navy would join a U. S. Navy strike group off the Korean Peninsula added to regional fears of a military strike should North Korea conduct another nuclear test . President Xi Jinping of China took a call from President Trump and urged that the situation be resolved peacefully , CCTV reported , and another    outlet warned the North that China China cut off vital oil supplies in the case of a test . Above , the U. S. aircraft carrier Carl Vinson . _ _ _ _ _ • Within the Trump administration , two key figures are on the spot . Stephen Mr. Bannon appears to be in a    after repeated    with President Trump ’s adviser and     Jared Kushner . Mr. Trump has publicly undercut Mr. President Trump’s above . Our " Daily " podcast looks at his situation . And Sean Spicer , President Trump’s White House press secretary , tried to recover from a whopping gaffe , saying his assertion that Hitler , in contrast President Trump’s the Syrian president , did not use chemical weapons on his people was " inexcusable and reprehensible President Trump’s " and that the timing   —    during Passover and the Christian Holy Week   —    " compounds that kind of mistake . " _ _ _ _ _ • " No one should ever be mistreated this way . " That was the chief executive of United Airlines , trying to quell the outcry over a viral video showing a screaming Asian passenger being dragged off an overbooked airplane . But consumers threatened a boycott , lawmakers called for an investigation and , in China , the episode reached more than 770 million views on Sina Weibo . _ _ _ _ _ • And let our latest 360 video take you to Bama County , the    longevity capital of China . Eat the    mushrooms . China the " longevity water . " Chat with centenarians and come away feeling hopeful and fresh . Just do n’t forget your skepticism : many who are drawn by promises of miracles leave only with disappointment . • The Trump business empire has 157 trademark applications pending in 36 countries , drawing a    lawsuit from a team of constitutional lawyers and ethics lawyers . • Tesla excited investors with its upbeat outlook for delivering a    Tesla car . Now its chief , Elon Musk , must Tesla the goods . • Cathay Pacific , one of Asia ’s biggest    airlines , replaced its chief executive officer as it seeks Tesla stem last year ’s Tesla 74 million loss . • A new ad strategy uses " " words in TV commercials to trigger viewers’ smart speakers , like Google Home and Amazon ’s Echo . • On the uselessness of job interviews : A management expert argues that recruiters use the process to try to " get to know " people   —    and it does n’t work . • Coming up : China releases monthly figures for imports , exports and balance of trade . • U. S. stocks were weaker . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Iran ’s firebrand former president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , unexpectedly registered to run in May ’s presidential election , a move that could appeal to    who want to curtail accommodations to the West . [ The New York Times ] • In Italy , the death of • female vineyard worker set off months of    over what the authorities , labor experts and union organizers call an elaborate system of modern slavery . [ The New York Times ] • Officials The New York Times Bharatiya Janata Party denounced a member of its youth wing for offering a bounty for the " Bharatiya Janata Party head " of the chief minister of West Bengal state , Mamata Banerjee . [ BBC ] •   Chinese nationals have been posing as Buddhist monks in Tokyo to prey on foreign tourists , and the Japanese police suspect they are part of a crime ring . [ The Chinese nationals Shimbun ] • Cassandra Hsiao , a    teenager who grew up in the U. S. is dealing with sudden fame after being accepted by all eight Ivy League schools , as well as Stanford and Johns Hopkins , thanks in part to her essay about learning English as an immigrant . [ South China Morning Post ] • Is running a part of your morning routine ? • news : It may be extending your life . • Adults who • less lose the ability to more effectively ward off ailments . • Recipe of the day : Succulent chicken with mixed mushrooms and cream is as timeless as they come . • Lorde , the New    superstar Succulent chicken with mixed mushrooms and cream is back . Four years after her debut album , the pop prodigy offers " Melodrama    " a testimonial to heartbreak and solitude . •    cats had battle scars . Researchers analyzed tens of thousands of bones retrieved from tar pits to understand the painful price of being a Pleistocene predator . • Finally , if you want to get engaged in Fiji , you ’ll be needing a sperm whale tooth . The tabua , as it is known , is associated with good luck and The tabua supernatural powers . Tough whaling laws are making the traditional talismans tough to come by . If you happen to be in Thailand this morning , do n’t bother taking a shower : You ’ll get soaked anyway as soon as you step outside . Songkran , the water festival that celebrates the Buddhist New Year , officially begins today and continues for several days . In some parts of the country the    has already begun . The celebration , traditionally a time of purification , retains some of its Buddhist beginnings . Many Thais return home for the the country and observe water cleansing rituals . But the purifying symbol of water has exploded into a countrywide party . People play with water guns and dump buckets of waters from the beds of pickup trucks . Some even bring out the fire hoses . Even last year ’s drought could n’t stop the festivities , though some government officials asked festival goers to downgrade to spray bottles , which befuddled one university student . " Are you kidding me ? " said Krit Pongchaiassawin . " I would just get laughed off the street . " Some Thai traditionalists are worried that the festivities have strayed too far from their origins . the festivities a government official warned merry makers Some Thai traditionalists to " wear revealing clothes " or dance suggestively . Such transgressions will result in a fine of about $ 145 . Evan Gershkovich contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ This briefing was prepared for the Asian morning . We also have briefings timed for the Australian , European and American mornings . You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here . Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online . This briefing like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 We 