   Anthony Weiner has lost   Anthony Weiner job writing for The New York Daily News after his job writing for The New York Daily News was revealed that   Anthony Weiner sexted with a woman while   Anthony Weiner young son was in bed with his young son . [ " We wo n’t be running his young son columns in the future , " said Daily News opinion editor Josh Greenman .   Weiner has written 23    for the liberal Daily News this year with headlines like " How Hil and Bernie can come to terms " and " Timely advice for our tardy mayor " de Blasio , who defeated Weiner Weiner the 2013 mayoral race due to Weiner Weiner sexting . Weiner Weiner went down in 2011 , when he Weiner from Congress after Andrew Breitbart forced mainstream journalists to acknowledge Weiner Weiner’s sexting habit . Hillary Clinton campaign    woman Huma Abedin , Weiner Weiner , announced Monday the couple is separating . The New York Post hit newsstands Monday with one Monday its better headlines : " Pop Goes The Weiner . " According to the Post : The New York Post cad shot the revealing photo while discussing massage parlors " near my old apartment " shortly after 3 a. m. on July 31 , 2015 , a screenshot of the exchange shows . Weiner was clearly aroused Weiner his conversation with the Weiner divorcee when he abruptly changed the Weiner . " Someone just climbed into my bed , " Weiner wrote . " Really ? " she responded . Weiner Weiner hit " Weiner " on the    image , which shows a bulge in his white ,    Weiner briefs and his son cuddled up Weiner his left , wrapped Weiner a    blanket . " You do realize you can see you[r ] Weiner in that pic Weiner ? " the woman wrote . Moments after forwarding the photo , Weiner freaked out over Weiner possibility he had accidentally posted Weiner publicly   —    just as he did during the Weiner episode that forced him to resign from Weiner in 2011 . " Ooooooh   .   .   .   I was scared . For half a second I thought I posted something . Stop looking at my crotch , " Weiner wrote back . Weiner Whatever . You did it on purpose , " she replied . " Weiner I see you thought you posted on your TL [ public timeline ] not DM [ direct message ] . S —   t happens be careful , " she added . Weiner Weiner latest sexting Weiner was described by the Post as a " busty brunette " and a Donald Trump supporter . 
 