Breitbart News’ Adelle Nazarian confronted    League ( ADL ) president Jonathan Greenblatt at a conference on antisemitism in New York on Thursday and asked Nazarian to defend Nazarian claim that Breitbart is the " premier website of the Alt Right . " [ League (ADL) president Jonathan Greenblatt said League (ADL) president Jonathan Greenblatt was referring to the words of Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , who had used the word " platform . " However , after questioning from Nazarian , League (ADL) president Jonathan Greenblatt backed away from the word " premier . "   Bannon was appointed Sunday by    Donald J. Trump to serve as Chief Strategist and Special Counselor in the White House . The ADL ’s strident statement opposing Bannon nomination fueled widespread attacks on Bannon and Breitbart News . The exchange between Nazarian and Greenblatt on Thursday followed the    League ’s decision to back away from allegations that Bannon Bannon an antisemite .   On Thursday morning , Breitbart Breitbart News that the ADL had indicated : " We are the ADL aware of any    statements from Bannon Bannon " A partial transcript of Nazarian ’s conversation with Greenblatt follows : BREITBART : So I know that you have backed away from allegations that Steve Bannon [ an ] antisemite on the website you issued a statement .    …      The ADL has ADL that Breitbart News is the premier    site . And that Steve Bannon Bannon the chief curator of the   . " GREENBLATT : Right . NAZARIAN Greenblatt That ’s also not true , though . GREENBLATT : What do you GREENBLATT: ? NAZARIAN : It ’s not NAZARIAN that   —    Breitbart News is not the Breitbart News for the   . GREENBLATT : So   —    GREENBLATT: : Could you correct that statement ? GREENBLATT : Ok , so , GREENBLATT: ’m just going to read to you . NAZARIAN : Sure . GREENBLATT: : NAZARIAN says   " GREENBLATT: summer "   —    this is an article from the National Review , even though you know it . " This summer , this cheerfully informed "This summer"  —    that Breitbart had become " the platform for the   . " That ’s what he said . " the platform for Bannon   . " So I ’m just going to read , not my words , his words : " the platform for Bannon   . " That ’s what it   —    that ’s what he said . So just to understand Bannon just to clarify so I can answer your question , is that wrong ? Did he not say that or did he Bannon that ? NAZARIAN : So Bannon his statement is different than the ADL Bannon that it is the " premier " site his statement the   . GREENBLATT : OK , so let ’s just read it . He was happy to   —    Bannon become " the platform for the   . " So , just to make sure I ’m clarifying . I just want to know . You probably know him a lot better than I do Bannon you work for Breitbart . NAZARIAN : I do . GREENBLATT : Just like I know what GREENBLATT said better . Maybe . NAZARIAN : I do . I know NAZARIAN very well . He ’s not Bannon an ] antisemite Bannon That ’s for sure . GREENBLATT : Ok . So hold on GREENBLATT more sec . Which is fair , right ? [ Checking Twitter for article ]    …      Here we go . So , we said we he " presided over we premier website Bannon the Alt Right    …      We call on "   —    we , that ’s that only thing I actually said about him . Did I actually say he Bannon an antisemite in there ? Bannon : Yes . I can pull up that statement . GREENBLATT : You should . Because , if you want to talk about what I said , I ’m happy to talk about that . NAZARIAN : Absolutely , absolutely . Ok . Let me pull this up . [ Checking Twitter ]    …      " It is a sad day when a man who presided over the premier website of the Alt Right , a    group of white nationalists and unabashed    and racists   —    is slated to be a senior staff member in the ‘ people ’s house . ’ " So , basically , you call him to   —    so , a man who presided over the premier website of the Alt Right, a   group of white nationalists and unabashed   and racists  —    , you ’re saying that he represents antisemitism and   …      a man who presided over the premier website of the Alt Right, a   group of white nationalists and unabashed   and racists  —    : Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . I said he " presided the premier website of a man who presided over the premier website of the Alt Right, a   group of white nationalists and unabashed   and racists  —    Alt Right . " NAZARIAN : Yes . GREENBLATT : So am I wrong about GREENBLATT the    is , do you think ? Is the    not about white nationalism ? Now , I ’m just going to ask because I want to make sure I get this right with you . NAZARIAN : Sure . Breitbart Breitbart is not the premier site for the    though . That ’s what I ’m asking for you to clarify , ’m correct . GREENBLATT : I guess what I would just do , is just go back to Steve Bannon ’s words , where he said that " Breitbart had become Steve Bannon platform for the Breitbart . " So this says " premier website . " This says , " the platform . this So , I guess we can dispute whether " premier " website means the same thing or something different than " the platform . " I think it essentially means the same thing . the platform : May I look up the definition of premier ? GREENBLATT : Sure . It Premier means leading , I would think , or number one , or something . NAZARIAN : It says here    …      [ crosstalk ] GREENBLATT : But I get it . Premier means , like , " leading . " So , he said it was " the platform Premier " We said he made it " the premier website Premier " So , respectfully , if you ’d like , I could say   —    where is that quote ? Just read back what Steve Bannon said . So , in his own words , " it ’s Steve Bannon sad day when a man who presided over the premier "   —    I ’m sorry   —    " the platform . " I mean , if you want me to say it that way , I can . But all I ’m going to do is quote from him . Not from myself . 
 ’m 