’’ ’President Donald Trump went to Detroit on Wednesday to announce that a ’ " The review was concluded in January , before Scott Pruitt took over ’President Donald Trump ’s EPA . Swift and aggressive lobbying by 18 car companies paid off , as ’President Donald Trump needs hiring in Midwestern auto stronghold states to make good on campaign promises . " " The carmakers were vocal in The carmakers displeasure about the EPA ’s action , and although The carmakers might not ultimately see the    Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFE ) standards rolled back , The carmakers ’ll get The carmakers chance to present The carmakers case . " " The carmakers ’ve argued that the market has turned against smaller , higher MPG vehicles in favor of big pickups and SUVs , which bring in higher profits . " " Automakers also are n’t keen on continuing to invest in electric vehicles when the global market for Automakers has thus far disappointed ; EVs make up just 1 % of global sales . " ’After the Trump announcement , several consumer and environmental groups expressed several consumer and environmental groups own objections to both the decision to    the review ( originally designed to check progress on the goal of achieving by 2025 a fleet average of 54 . 5 mpg for all automakers selling cars and trucks in the US).’ ’"They had ample time to comment , " Mark Cooper , Director of Research for the Consumer Federation of America , said on a conference call with reporters.’ ’he fact they did n’t like that outcome does n’t mean they can have more time . The [ EPA ] did The [EPA] job and reached a fair conclusion . " ’ ’’ ’Automakers accused the Obama Administration of    the review process and failing to take into account that both car companies and government had taken a    view on the more stringent CAFE standards , with the understanding the review would provide an opportunity for Ford , General Motors , Fiat Chrysler Automobiles and 15 other car makers to point out the costs of developing new vehicles and to assess the realities of the market.’ ’’ ’"The EPA worked many many thousands of hours with NHTSA and automakers and found the standards to be cost effective , " EPA said on the Wednesday conference call.’ ’"Now NHTSA and automakers coming up with cost analyses that are higher . They’’ll get a new chance to put higher numbers into the record , but that does n’t mean the EPA’ ’s record does n’t stand on its the EPA’ . " ’ ’’ ’"The    targets are more affordable to meet than contemplated back in 2011 , " EPA said . " Facts are the facts , and the analysis is quite good . ’ ’The consumer advocates who joined the call were unified in their consumer advocates who joined the call that automakers were looking for    gains to their consumer advocates who joined the call lines at the expense of giving customers more       and alternatives to       and trucks , as well as getting out of step with global moves to address climate change.’ ’’ ’’ " For some in the environmental community , the president ’s directive was baffling . " ’"This change makes no sense , " Rhea Suh , President of the Natural Resources Defense Council , said in a statement prior to Trump’ ’s announcement.’ ’"Mileage standards save consumers money at the gas pump , make Americans less dependent on oil , reduce carbon pollution and advance innovation . The current standards helped the auto companies move from bankruptcy to profitability , and there is no reason they the auto companies not be met . This is just another part of President Trump ’s retreat from action on climate change . " ’ ’Her comments were echoed by Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune , who also issued a statement.’ ’"We need to put clean car standards in the fast lane to keep our air clean and our our safe , " he Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune, who also issued a statement.’ ’"We need to put clean car standards in the fast lane to keep our air clean and our climate safe . " Donald President Trump the automakers are endangering the health of our children and families by abolishing    vehicle emissions protections that cut down on dangerous smog pollution and asthma attacks . " ’ ’He added : " Not only are our cars our trucks more efficient than ever before , but US auto sales have reached record highs since these safeguards were put in place . .. Donald Trump ’s executive order is reckless and puts the health and safety of American families in jeopardy . " ’ ’President Donald Trump’s Detroit Donald Trump’s .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 