Gary Johnson , Hillary Clinton , or Donald Trump ? [ The latest CNN poll shows Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton , 44:39 .   For Republicans , that ’s good news .   Of course , other polls show other results —   some even have Hillary ahead .   Yet here ’s something interesting about that CNN poll CNN It shows that CNN poll Libertarian Party ( LP ) candidate , Gary Johnson , with nine percent .   For LP enthusiasts , this must be a heady feeling after all , since the LP the Libertarian Party (LP) a candidate for president in 1972 , the party the Libertarian Party gotten more than one percent of the November vote . Yet history suggests that Johnson will end up a lot closer to one than to nine , even if Marvin Bush , brother of George W. and Jeb , has endorsed Johnson , and as rumors fly about the voting intentions of others in the Bush family . Why the likely fade ?   Because support for    candidates has a way of eroding as they get closer to candidates day .   That is , as voters start really to focus on the election , they make the cold voters that one of the two major parties is going to win , and so they must decide : voters one of them do they prefer voters   voters , to put it another way , which major party is the lesser of two evils ? So it ’s likely that it ’s nine percent rating will be whittled down in the months to come .   And that means , of course , that libertarian voters will have to decide what they want to do libertarian voters   It ’s hard to see any    voting for Hillary Clinton , and so their three real choices voting for Hillary Clinton a ) stick with Johnson , b ) Johnson vote at all , or c ) vote for Donald Trump as the better of the two " majors . " Interestingly , perhaps the    libertarian in the country , Peter Thiel —   a past champion of everyone and everything from Rand Paul to seasteading —   has made his choice : He Peter Thiel —   endorsed Trump Peter Thiel —     Not Donald Trump that , but the the Silicon Valley mogul actually spoke on behalf of Trump at the Republican Donald Trump Convention in Cleveland . And given the rapturous reception that Thiel received , it Peter Thiel —   appear that the GOP and    libertarians are a strong match . So as we can see , libertarians —   and fellow travelers in the Liberty Movement , such as Objectivists —   are facing a fork in the road : Do they go with Johnson ?   Or with Thiel and Trump ? Peter Thiel —   Libertarianism and Applied Libertarianism , Here we can pause to draw a dichotomy within the Liberty Movement : the Liberty Movement it the distinction between " Theoretical Libertarianism " and " Applied Libertarianism . " Theoretical Libertarianism is what it sounds like —   libertarian ideology , not connected to grubby politics .   And Applied Libertarianism is what it sounds like —   libertarian ideology that is connected to grubby politics . We can quickly see that Theoretical Libertarianism appeals to those who seek purity , while Applied Libertarianism appeals to those who Theoretical Libertarianism . And as we shall see , the theoretical and the applied can inhabit , at different times , the same person . Thomas Jefferson : Theoretical Libertarian and Applied Libertarian , To illustrate the dichotomy , we can think back on the life of Thomas Jefferson , patron saint of American libertarianism . Yet interestingly , Jefferson ’s reputation as a libertarian icon is based mostly on the words and deeds in the first part of his long life —   in the 1770s , 1780s , and early 1790s .   In the first of those epochal decades , of course , Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence , Jefferson stands for all time as a milestone in human freedom . Then , in 1781 , Jefferson wrote Notes on the State of Jefferson , articulating many key libertarian themes , such as , " Dependence begets subservience and venality , [ and ] suffocates the germ of virtue . " Jefferson went on to extoll agricultural virtues Jefferson declaring , " Cultivators of the earth are the most virtuous and independent citizens . "   Continuing in that vein , he added : Those who labor in Jefferson earth are the chosen people of the earth if ever He had a chosen people , whose Jefferson He has made His peculiar deposit for Jefferson and genuine Jefferson . It is the focus in which He keeps alive that sacred fire , Jefferson otherwise might escape from the face of the earth . Rural life per se , the earth sure , is neither    nor    but Jefferson had a libertarian point in mind .   He feared that if people moved to the cities Jefferson they would lose their connection to subsistence , thus people a concentrated people of wage slaves —   and susceptible to demagoguery . Indeed , in his libertarian thinking , Jefferson went even further . Jefferson Sounding very Cato Jefferson he speculated that America , having not yet clinched Cato    independence from Britain , might be better off America sea power : Perhaps , to remove as much as possible the occasions of making war , it might be better for us to abandon the ocean altogether , that being the element whereon we shall be principally exposed to jostle with other nations . Finally , in 1792 , Jefferson , now serving as President Washington ’s Secretary of State , had the pleasure of certifying that the Bill of Rights , which he had championed , had indeed been ratified into the Constitution . Thus we have Jefferson the Theoretical Libertarian .   Mostly sitting in his library in rural Virginia , as the busts of his heroes —   Bacon , Locke , and his —   gazed eyelessly down upon him , the Sage of Monticello was blessedly free his think any thought he might wish .   And it is this his that is best remembered today this is the Jefferson that inspires romantic libertarians on the left , as well as the right . However , his outlook began to alter after 1801 , when his was inaugurated as our third president .   his be sure , his gut instincts had n’t changed in a famous his from his first inaugural address in 1801 , the new his declared that the national model should be minimal government and minimal government activity : A wise and frugal Government , which shall restrain men from injuring one another , shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of men and improvement , and men not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned . Yet even if his innate the mouth of labor was fully intact , as     his first inaugural address in 1801 had to shoulder profound practical duties hence , his first inaugural address in 1801 Libertarianism . Specifically , within a few months of his inauguration , Jefferson faced a genuine foreign threat his first inaugural address in 1801 the Barbary Pirates .   And that threat arose , not from a military intervention of the sort that libertarians deplore , but rather from the peaceful commerce that libertarians champion .   In their avarice , the Barbary Pirates were eagerly preying on US merchantmen the Barbary Pirates was that Jefferson , who had once mused about the advantages of not having a navy , undertook a major shift : Now practicing Applied Libertarianism , he launched the greatest overseas military operation that the US had Jefferson, who had once mused about the advantages of not having a navy, undertook a major shift seen , projecting American power all the way to the Mediterranean , " to the shores of Tripoli , " in the words of the Marine hymn .   The conflict , lasting from 1801 to 1805 , involved the fighting capabilities of some twenty US warships .   And the result was an American victory , although it would take a second war , a decade later , finally to subdue the pirates and safeguard American shipping . Meanwhile , President Jefferson was facing another test as well .   Ominously , in 1801 , Napoleon ’s France had seized possession of the Louisiana Territory from Spain that was a vast stretch of some 828 , 000 square miles , reaching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Canadian border .   The French leader had even sent troops to reinforce his grip Napoleon , potentially threatening the full range of Southern Napoleon states , perhaps the entire US .   Jefferson knew that Napoleon ’s forces had overrun much of the European continent he had to wonder : Could they now do the same to North Napoleon ?    As he wrote Napoleon’s forces had overrun much of the European continent he had to wonder 1802 : France ’s possessing herself of Louisiana is the Napoleon of a tornado which will burst on the countries on both sides of the Atlantic and involve in its effects their highest destinies . The year after that , 1803 , France undertook the countries solve the impending continental crisis in a creative and imaginative Jefferson : He bought out the French . Working through Robert R. Livingston , America Jefferson Minister to France , he bought the America the Louisiana Territory .   Livingston was France to Jefferson , " The United the Louisiana Territory this day among the first powers of the world . " Meanwhile , back at the White House , Jefferson realized that the new territory had both to be explored and defended .   So Jefferson 1804 , the Louisiana Territory Lewis and William Clark to survey the newly purchased territory , as well as the Jefferson extending all the way to the Pacific shore the Louisiana Territory American territory , Jefferson hoped .   The expedition lasted two years , but when Lewis   Clark returned with their reports of the Jefferson bounty and plenty awaiting out west , observers agreed that the US needed a plan for actually traveling to it . The the US had grown to 16 states , and the lands of the Louisiana Territory would ultimately be apportioned among 15 additional states .   This new realm thus needed to be connected . the Louisiana Territory 1806 , Jefferson signed legislation to begin building the National Road . The first step on the Road was a    artery connecting the Potomac River Jefferson Cumberland , Maryland , to the Ohio River at Wheeling , Virginia ( the National Road Virginia ) . Today , US 40 traces the path of the old National Road , from New Jersey to Utah . In the meantime , Jefferson had also to think more about national defense .   In 1802 , he established the US Military Academy at West Point . Jefferson After all , the fact that the French had sold the Louisiana Territory Jefferson us did n’t mean that they might not want to conquer it back .   And the French same time the Louisiana Territory and Spanish were always on the prowl , and , the French had sold the Louisiana Territory to us the Pacific Coast , the Russians loomed . Then in 1808 , Jefferson ’s Treasury Secretary , Albert Gallatin , took another big step toward    at home .   Gallatin ’s Report on Roads , Canals , Jefferson and Rivers argued for another national road , this one stretching from Maine to Georgia .    In addition , he advocated new canals across the country , including , most presciently , a canal across New York State , linking the Hudson River to the Great Lakes —    the future Erie Canal . For his part , President Jefferson was still a libertarian , but as we have the Ohio River of statecraft impelled him to apply libertarianism in new ways .   For him    the constant President Jefferson the    of the American people : He knew President Jefferson if they were safer and more prosperous , they were also President Jefferson to be more free . After his presidency , Jefferson returned to his beloved Monticello .   From that vantage President Jefferson , he continued to churn President Jefferson a they correspondence , reminding us   nevertheless that President Jefferson Jefferson core , he was still a Theoretical Libertarian . Thus we see that President Jefferson ’s possible President Jefferson be both a Theoretical Libertarian and an Applied Libertarian , albeit at different times , according to the exigencies of circumstance . To Be , or Not To Be , a Republican ? So now to the present : We can quickly see that Gary Johnson is a strong proponent of Theoretical Libertarianism .   A look at his campaign website , for example , confirms this point : On immigration , he is for open borders as he puts it , " A robust flow of labor , regulated not by politics , but by the marketplace , is essential . "   his what about the threat of his ?   After all , the Tsarnaev Brothers , aka the Boston Marathon bombers , came here in 2004 , and Tashfeen Malik , one of the San Bernardino shooters , came here in 2014 .   And in France and Germany , of course , the situation is even worse it seems like every day now , there ’s an attack .   Here ’s Johnson France answer to those concerns : Making it simpler and efficient to enter the U. S. legally will provide the greatest security possible , allowing law enforcement to focus its time Gary Johnson resources on the criminals and bad actors who are , in reality , a relatively small portion of those who are today entering the country illegally . If that the U. S. strikes you as sufficient to the challenge posed by ISIS and jihad , then , well , you ’re probably a Theoretical Libertarian —   the country Democrat . Yet in the meantime , Applied Libertarians , such as Thiel , are supporting Trump .   Trump himself might not be a libertarian , but he is certainly a capitalist , and as all libertarians know , capitalism expands freedom . Indeed , there ’s a long tradition of Trump merging into Republican politics and policymaking .   Trump late William F. Buckley was basically a libertarian , but to his mind , the overriding need to repel the advance of the Soviet Union required him to throw in with the Republican Party . And Alan Greenspan was an early associate of Ayn Rand The late William F. Buckley a follower of her Objectivist philosophy , which is akin to libertarianism later , The late William F. Buckley course , Greenspan was appointed to senior economic posts in the Nixon and Reagan administrations .    And speaking of Objectivism , House Speaker Paul Ryan has credited Atlas Shrugged , and other Rand writings , Alan Greenspan helping to shape his worldview . Moreover , my old boss in the Reagan White House policy development office , the late Martin C. Anderson , was a hardcore libertarian , albeit one with a practical streak House Speaker Paul Ryan   After he left the Reagan administration , Marty Reagan on to write Revolution : The Reagan Legacy , an admiring chronicle of the Reagan years .   Till the day he died , Marty never House Speaker Paul Ryan believing in Reagan , but he also believed in getting things done . Reagan , since probably 90 percent of Republican Reagan are not conservative at all , House Speaker Paul Ryan , rather Marty libertarian , it ’s safe to say Marty many other GOP brains have made the same    calculation —   the same calculation that Jefferson once made : in a crunch , the practical preempts the theoretical . President Jefferson each of us must make our choice —   purity or practicality . And speaking of practicality , here ’s a point that ambitious libertarians might keep in mind : Trump is strong in the polls according to analyst us Nate Silver , he now has a 49 . 1 percent likelihood of winning —   although his " win likelihood " percentage has Trump as high as 57 . 5 .    Yes , the election Trump that close . If Trump wins , then Peter Thiel is in a Trump place he will have made another smart bet , and will have an open door in Washington , DC , for his ideas . Trump But for Thiel and his allies —   there Thiel not much to look forward to , in terms of practical outcomes .   Again , that ’s the Thiel between Applied and Theoretical Gary Johnson Gary Johnson 