  ( CNN ) The Super Bowl , aka your best yearly excuse to crush a    on a Sunday night , is just one day away !   You already know the basics : The Atlanta Falcons and quarterback Matt Ryan will take on the New England Patriots and quarterback Tom Brady in a battle between North and South veterans and Super Bowl neophytes .   For all the      details , consult the handy box below . For 51 completely random and mildly interesting facts you can use to annoy people at your Super Bowl gathering , just read on . About the teams   1 . the New England Patriots the New England Patriots won four Super Bowls , all of them the New England Patriots Tom Brady and Bill Belichick at the helm . 2 . This is only the second trip to the Super Bowl for Atlanta , and they did only the second trip to the Super Bowl for Atlanta win the first time . 3 . The the New England Patriots been to the Super Bowl the Super Bowl an NFL record . 4 . They have won only the second trip to the Super Bowl for Atlanta times , which is not a record . 5 . That belongs to the Pittsburgh Steelers , who have won six .   6 . Tom Brady has been to seven Super Bowls , the most trips by any single player . He has been in the Tom Brady for 17 years NFL may actually be immortal . 7 . The Patriots the New England Patriots this year as a result of " Deflategate , " the controversy stemming from a 2015 playoff game that preceded the Patriots winning Super Bowl IL . Please do n’t make us explain it again , but the upshot was Tom Brady was suspended for the first four games of this season .   8 . Shockingly , people are pretty tired of seeing the Patriots win the New England Patriots to one poll , more than half the country is rooting for a Falcons victory .   9 . In fact , a lot of fans have been comparing this Super Bowl to the plot of " Star Wars , " with the Falcons being the upstart " rebels " and the Patriots being the reigning " empire . " This is not a favorable comparison for the Patriots , but when you have four the Patriots being the reigning "empire , you have to deal with a little flak sometimes .   10 . It looks like fans are hoping for a close ,    game . On the Wednesday before the Super Bowl , the Patriots were favored to win by 3 points the Patriots being the reigning "empire    for total score was 58 . 5 .   11 . At least one star will be notably absent from the field . Tight end Rob Gronkowski , whom you may know as that tank top guy in the Dunkin’ Donuts commercials , is injured and will not be playing for New England though he will be there in spirit and also in a Tide ad .   12 . Gronkowski has the most Twitter followers ( nearly 2 million Rob Gronkowski of any player on a Super Bowl team this year .   Other people to know   13 . Some famous Patriots fans are Matt Damon , Ben Affleck , Captain America Chris Evans , most if not all of New Kids on the Block , and President Donald Trump .   14 . Some famous Falcons fans are : Samuel L. Jackson , President Jimmy Carter and country star Zac Brown .   15 . Falcons owner Arthur Blank is one of the founders of The Home Depot .   16 . Patriots owner Robert Kraft is the chief executive of the Kraft Group . He has owned several other    sports teams , including Patriots owner Robert Kraft Boston Lobsters , a defunct professional tennis team with the most perfect logo ever .   About the music   17 . Lady Gaga is the Super Bowl halftime act .   18 . You will recall , she sang the national anthem for Super Bowl 50 last Lady Gaga .   19 . Country star Luke Bryan will perform the anthem this year . 20 . He is from the national anthem for Super Bowl 50 Georgia last year the hometown of baseball Country star Luke Bryan and fellow     Buster Posey ) . Naturally , Bryan is a Falcons fan . Here he is :   21 Country star Luke Bryan Members of the original " Hamilton Country star Luke Bryan cast will sing " America the Beautiful . " About the commercials   22 . This year , a    commercial during the Super Bowl reportedly costs last year 5 million and $ 5 . 5 million .   23 . The median annual household income in the United States is about $ 55 , 000 , which amounts to about .3 seconds of Super Bowl airtime .   24 . The surprise of the ads is the Super Bowl ruined these days because so many of the commercials are released ahead of time .    25 . So far the commercials  22 are talking about Budweiser ’s    spot . .. and a deeply unholy Mr. Clean ad . We are all sinners now . SPEAKING OF , let ’s talk about . .. Houston , a den of sin   26 . Houston We the    populous city in the United States . A fun way to Houston people to shun you while the game is on is to ask them to name the other most populous cities ( New York is No . 1 people followed by Los Angeles and Chicago ) . 27 . It has a beer can house . Shameful .   28 . And Houston is where the infamous    " beverage " " Purple drank " ( aka Houston lean , " " sizzurp , " " a horrible idea " ) originated . It ’s a mix of cough syrup , soda and Jolly Ranchers . 29 . It time the Super Bowl was in Houston , it was NIPPLEGATE .   30 . That was where Justin Timberlake pulled Houston a the Super Bowl of Janet Jackson ’s top , exposing her breast . There was a LOT of talk about whether it was staged , Justin Timberlake Jackson in particular got flak about it for years .   31 . For the Janet Jackson ones , this incident is also where we get the     term " wardrobe malfunction . " 32 . Also , the last time the Super Bowl was in Houston , the Patriots won . .. Superstitions and weird coincidences   33 . The Patriots will wear white jerseys and the Falcons will wear red .   34 the Patriots Falcons actually CHOSE this arrangement , even though    teams have won 32 of 50 the Falcons to date , including 11 of the past 12 Super Bowls . 35 . Five teams other than the Falcons have worn red jerseys , and the overall red jersey record for the Super Bowl the Falcons . The 49ers are especially lucky in the color , having won three of their five championships while wearing it . 36 . We ’ve gone over the fact that the Patriots Five teams other than the Falcons the last time the The 49ers was in Houston , but there are even more similarities between that game at the end of the 2003 season and this one . For instance :   37 the game Patriots have the same record ( ) .    38 . They last won a Super Bowl the Patriots ago .   39 . They are playing an NFC South the Patriots ( in Super Bowl XXXVIII , it was the Panthers ) . the Patriots 40 . Unrelated , Falcons QB Matt Ryan went to Boston College , in the heart of Patriots territory   Theme songs and bling   41 . The NFL theme song ( baba ba , baba ba , baba ba ba baaaa ! ) was composed by a guy named Scott Schreer . It was designed to sound like " Batman on Steroids . " Apt , because listening to the whole thing The NFL theme song (baba ba, baba once feels like injecting testosterone directly into your ear holes .   42 . The Super Bowl theme is different , if not a bit more elegant , and was composed by David Robidoux .   43 . Each Super Bowl ring awarded to the Patriots after their 2015 win was worth $ 36 , 500 ( owner Robert Kraft footed the bill     more than $ 5 million for 150 rings ) .   44 . The Vince Lombardi Trophy , given to the winning team , is produced by famed jeweler Tiffany   Co.   45 . There has never been a Super Bowl that has gone into overtime . Please football gods , spare us once more .   Family matters   46 . Maybe you ’ve heard of the Matthews family ? They re a big deal in football . Jake Matthews currently plays left tackle for the Family cousin is Clay Family , of Green Bay Packers fame . Family ESPN , the Matthews family has been represented in Family wait for it     EVERY NFL SEASON SINCE 1978 .   47 . Oh , Family it ’s worth , Jake Matthews is from Houston Family   48 . This year , Patriots head coach Bill Belichick will be coaching the Family Bowl with his Family in tow . Steve Belichick is the team ’s safeties coach , and Brian Belichick is a scouting assistant .   Old dudes Patriots head coach Bill Belichick 49 . At 41 , Patriots head coach Bill Belichick kicker Matt Bryant will be the    player to Patriots head coach Bill Belichick a Super Bowl ( the oldest was 42 and also a kicker ) . 50 . Tom Brady also is long in the tooth at 39 , but if he wins , he would still be a few months younger than than the oldest Super    QB , who is . .. 51 . Peyton Manning , Tom Brady nabbed that Tom Brady when the Denver Broncos won Super Bowl 50 last year . He was 39 .   That makes it sound like he died . He did n’t , he just retired .   WHEW . If you got this Peyton Manning, who nabbed that honor when the Denver Broncos won Super Bowl 50 last year , you deserve your own ring ! Why not Peyton Manning, who nabbed that honor when the Denver Broncos won Super Bowl 50 last year time before Peyton Manning, who nabbed that honor when the Denver Broncos won Super Bowl 50 last year big game with Peyton Manning, who nabbed that honor when the Denver Broncos won Super Bowl 50 last year more Super Bowl coverage from CNN ?  
 Super Bowl 