Washington ( CNN ) The White House is mulling a new role for White House press secretary Sean Spicer that would take White House press secretary Sean Spicer away from the podium and into a different role inside the West Wing , a White House official said Monday . It remains unclear when the change might happen for Spicer , who for months has found himself White House press secretary Sean Spicer the center of discussions about a potential West the West Wing the official a White House official timing remains fluid .   " It just seems chaotic , " the official said a White House official Politico and Bloomberg reported Monday that the White Monday is reevaluating Spicer ’s role . The shakeup would cap a potential West Wing shakeup ’s tumultuous    tenure Spicer’s the White House podium , which made him not only one of Spicer’s administration ’s most prominent personalities , but also the face of the White House ’s unfocused the White House " We have sought input from many people as we look to expand our communications operation , " White House We press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement . " As he did in the beginning , Sean White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is managing both the communications and press office . "   Spicer began his tenure as White House Sean Spicer secretary Sean Spicer taking to White House House briefing room and criticizing reporters for White House of Trump ’s inauguration crowd size . In subsequent months , he would see the statements he made at the Sean Spicer House podium contradicted by Sean Spicer President     raising questions about the administration ’s credibility and Spicer ’s ability to speak for Trump with confidence .   Spicer ’s time at Trump’s White House briefing room Spicer in recent weeks has decreased amid rumors that Spicer would soon transition to a different role , Spicer some suggesting the President was unhappy with Spicer ’s performance in the President     role . The daily Spicer the White House podium were frequently broadcast live on the major cable news networks and his combative     with reporters soon earned him a lampooning the President       NBC ’s " Saturday Night the President     , " where actress Melissa McCarthy ’s portrayal of him has become a national sensation . UPDATE : This story actress Melissa McCarthy been updated to reflect earlier reporting by Bloomberg and Politico . 
 