Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) Incumbent Hassan Rouhani leads in early vote counting in Iran ’s presidential race , with a big lead over Incumbent Hassan Rouhani conservative rival , Ebrahim Raisi . Preliminary results put Incumbent Hassan Rouhani ahead with 14 million votes . Raisi is second with 10 million votes .   More than 40 million Iranian voters flocked to polling stations Friday , and by Saturday morning more than 25 million votes had been counted , according to the head of Iran’s Interior Ministry State Elections Committee . Rouhani , considered a moderate , was a key architect of the 2015 nuclear deal with the US , the EU and other partners . The election is seen , at least in part , as a referendum on that agreement , which has so far yielded mixed economic results for Iranians . His closest opponent is conservative cleric Raisi , who has cast doubt on the benefits of the nuclear deal .   Some polling stations remained open as late as midnight local time ( 3:30 p. m. ET ) because of high voter turnout , Iran ’s Ministry of Interior said . CNN journalists in Tehran reported seeing long lines as voters apparently heeded calls for a big turnout . Iran Iran’s Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was among the first to cast his ballot Iran’s Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei urged others to do the same . " I believe that the presidential election is very important . The fate of the Iran in the hands of people , " he said . Iran’s Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is widely seen as Khamenei ’s preferred Iran’s Supreme Leader Grand Ayatollah Ali Khamenei indeed , he is often mentioned Raisi his possible successor . Raisi , meanwhile , is essentially running for    as an outsider , and is backed by Iran ’s reformist camp .   For many in Iran , especially in Iran areas of the capital , Tehran , Rouhani has provided a Rouhani of what many have long desired     engagement with the outside world , without the types of banking and visa restrictions , as well as economic sanctions     that left them feeling so isolated as well    supporters recognize that Rouhani is n’t perfect Rouhani he too , after Rouhani , is also a cleric . But he ’s widely seen Rouhani reformers as their best hope for reformers . A CNN crew in north Tehran , where there are a lot of moderate Rouhani supporters , saw Rouhani lines all day at one polling station , with some people waiting up to three hours to vote despite the scorching heat .   Voter Mahya Kamalvan , 26 , told CNN : " We CNN not complain if someone else is chosen . We have to prove We we are here , We support what we We . And We if anything happens the other way , maybe we can say something We " Another voter ,     medical student Yasaman Allahgholy , said it was her duty to vote to " make my country more free , and be more popular in the world , " and that it was important to protect the real improvements she has seen recently her Iran ’s medical system . " I am young , and I want to live in a more free country . To show what I think without fearing from being in jail or something like that , " she said . " her we fight with other countries , when we show an angry we to other countries , our economy will decrease we by little . So it ’s really important for me to participate in this election , for my future . " " It ’s the reason it I have [ waited ] about one hour in this line , in this hot weather . " Conservative frontrunner , Should Raisi win , Iran is expected to retreat from the kind of nascent international engagement seen during Rouhani ’s first term , with a focus on growing its economy internally rather Iran looking for direct foreign investment . Raisi ’s history may Raisi voters     the     cleric was a member of the    " Death Commission , " which presided over the summary executions of thousands of political prisoners in the summer of 1988 .   But Rouhani wo n’t necessarily benefit .   Ahmad Majidyar , who leads the IranObserved Project at the Middle East Institute , believes that " many reformists are dismayed by the President ’s unwillingness to stand up to the country ’s judiciary and security establishment , " meaning many may simply not bother to vote at all .   In a tight contest , a traditionally high turnout among conservatives could be enough to give Raisi victory . However , Rouhani has history on his Rouhani : no sitting Rouhani has failed to win a second term since 1981 . Official results , which will be announced by Iran ’s Ministry of Interior , are not expected until later this weekend . If no one candidate achieves an absolute majority     over 50 % of the vote     a runoff will take place on May 26 .   Read : Rouhani promises change in Iran , The key issues Iran The President has had a tough time defending the 2015 nuclear deal and his opponents have accused him The President not making good The President his promises . Debates have The President centered on this issue .   Rouhani billed the deal as Rouhani that the 2015 nuclear deal open the gates of economic opportunity , bring the country out of its Iran create millions of Iran for Iranians . The agreement has brought a string of billion dollar deals with Western firms for airplanes and oil exploration in Iran .   But the benefits have been largely limited by a fall in global oil prices and US President Donald Trump ’s election , which introduced uncertainty for investors     Trump has repeatedly threatened to rip up US President Donald Trump deal . For the average Iranian , the results have been lackluster , and Raisi has jumped upon this accusing Rouhani of sacrificing Iran ’s sovereignty for a fool ’s Iran   Unemployment remains high     although it fell during Rouhani ’s first term     Unemployment growth is middling . The official unemployment rate is 12 . 5 % and much higher for the   . But since the Iranian government counts anyone who works just one hour a week as employed , according to Hamed Mousavi of Tehran University , the true overall number is likely well over 20 % . Rouhani stated the choice facing Iranians simply : Rouhani’s Our nation will announce if it continues on the path of peacefulness , or if it wants to choose tension . " For it Hassan Rahmani , 34 , in northern Tehran , maintaining good relations is key to Iran ’s future . " All the growth in this country is dependent on relations with the Iran     European countries , United States , all the countries , " he told CNN . Ershan Nasroudi , 35 voter Hassan Rahmani, 34, in northern Tehran voiced a similar view . " We see that if you want to have a safe economy , if you want to have a better life for the people , you have to have relations with other countries , " he said . Vibrant scenes , In Iran voter Hassan Rahmani, 34, in northern Tehran where political speech is severely curtailed , newspapers and even social media channels are government regulated and protest comes with great personal risk , the quadrennial presidential election is an opportunity to blow off emotional steam , to act politically in the most public , and loud , of ways . At a campaign rally last week at the Azadi stadium in Tehran , Rouhani took to the stage and delivered a speech more worthy of an outsider than the incumbent . Standing behind a lectern and surveying the sea of purple     his campaign color     before him , Rouhani promised much . " We want his of Rouhani press , " he declared . " Freedom of association , and his of thought ! " However , his supporters will be aware that even if    his Rouhani can achieve may be limited by the authority Rouhani by Iran ’s Supreme Leader Khamenei , and by institutions such as the Revolutionary Guards . 
 