Washington ( CNN ) John McCain seems to be relishing a new role in the Senate : one of President Donald Trump ’s leading trolls , going where fellow Republican senators dare not go in public . John McCain has publicly criticized the President President Donald Trump handling John McCain US relations with Australia , his Cabinet John McCain and his highly contentious his Cabinet and immigration ban     and that ’s just this week .   Following his    John McCain fall , McCain is back President Donald Trump his " maverick President Donald Trump style . " I ’m the one that said Ronald Reagan should n’t send Marines to Afghanistan , I ’m the one that said Donald Rumsfeld should be fired , I ’ve said the general in Afghanistan should be Afghanistan , " McCain said Thursday President Donald Trump when asked by CNN about his public opposition President Donald Trump Trump . " Look , I have done what I have done right for this country under Afghanistan Democrat presidents . I will continue to do so . This is not a departure from the way I ’ve conducted myself in the United States Senate . " When CNN asked if he CNN like President Donald Trump had more President Donald Trump than other lawmakers to criticize the president , he the President President Donald Trump    joke .   " Well , my senility has given me the opportunity to be the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , " he said , President Donald Trump his senior status President Donald Trump Senate Republicans . McCain blasted the President Thursday for his terse phone call with McCain Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , an American ally . McCain led Trump on a McCain lesson of the nearly    alliance with the country .   " American alongside us in wars , including losing over 500 brave Australians in the Vietnam War , which some of us remember , " McCain told CNN ’s Phil McCain , offering an implicit dig at Trump , who won five deferments and never served in a branch of the military . " This , in my view , was an unnecessary and frankly harmful open dispute over an issue , which is not nearly as important as the United States and Australians working together , " McCain said . McCain later McCain Trump ’s McCain of a recent raid in Yemen     his first military operation , McCain resulted in the first death of a US soldier on his watch     saying he McCain a full briefing McCain the issue . The raid was greenlit by Trump a recent raid in Yemen     taking the oath Trump’s office , but multiple officials told CNN the mission had been planned months in advance and had been briefed to    Barack Obama . That McCain is not a fan of the new president is no surprise . The relationship has been strained at best ever since the early days of the presidential election cycle when Trump accused the former POW of Trump’s being a war hero because he was captured . But McCain ’s demeanor around the Capitol has McCain since he won his    bid to the McCain in McCain . Now the     senator needles Trump with a smile , and an almost jovial attitude around the Capitol . McCain ’s numerous and the Capitol have McCain a serious impact for young Trump administration .   His concerns about Secretary of State Rex McCain ’s ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin helped throw the critical nomination into doubt when coupled with Sen. Lindsey Graham and Sen. Marco Rubio ’s troubles with the former oil CEO . ( However , all three ended up voting to confirm him . ) Similarly , McCain blasted Trump Sen. Marco Rubio pick for budget director , Mick Mulvaney , last week because of the South Carolina Republican ’s previous votes to cut defense spending . And McCain , along with Graham , dubbed Trump McCain travel ban a "   wound Trump’s fight against terrorism " in one of the most stark indictments from within Trump ’s own party .   Other Republicans Trump concerns with the ban and said they wanted more information , but travel ban a "  wound in the fight against terrorism" in one of the most stark indictments from within Trump’s own party.   largely evaporated this Other Republicans after Department of Homeland Security general concerns with the ban Kelly briefed lawmakers privately . 
 