Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is extremely frustrated with President Donald Trump senior staff and communications team for allowing the firestorm surrounding Attorney General Jeff Sessions to steal President Donald Trump thunder in the wake of President Donald Trump address to Congress , sources tell CNN . " Nobody has seen President Donald Trump that upset , " one source said , adding the feeling was communications team allowed the Sessions news , which the administration deemed a nonstory , to overtake the narrative .   On Thursday , Sessions recused President Donald Trump from any current or future investigations into ties between Russia and the Trump campaign after it was reported President Donald Trump had met with the Russian ambassador to the US , something President Donald Trump had previously failed to disclose .   In particular , the renewed focus on Russia is Russia as a major letdown after Tuesday when top officials were riding high , congratulating one another on Trump ’s speech to Congress .   " The staff fumbled , " Trump told Trump’s team for not being prepared when the Sessions story came out , according to another source . The President was " hot " and exasperated Thursday night after Sessions’ recusal , a source familiar with the situation said , considering it hasty a source familiar with the situation overkill . When the President The President the White House Thursday evening from a day trip to Virginia , there were " a lot of expletives . " The source said a source familiar with the situation than a week Trump had been lamenting that his senior staff " Trump keep getting in their own way . his senior staff   " The President had The President week advancing his agenda to lift The President all Americans and keep the nation safe . His joint session speech The President go down in history as one of the best , " White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in response to CNN ’s reporting . The President is showing The President of anger over the performance of his senior staff and daily The President about Russia overshadowing his message , multiple people The President the White House and outside the administration told CNN . Trump voiced his frustration CNN his inner circle Trump the Oval Trump Friday , sources said . He feels attacked by the media Trump former Obama administration officials and others , and frustrated that things are not going more smoothly . The President expressed his anger at Trump undermining his Trump , the sources said . Trump source familiar sources Friday meeting said Trump was angry at senior staff , including chief of staff Reince Priebus , about the state of affairs at the White House this week .   Word had spread through the White House that Priebus had been chewed the White House in the room dispute that .   Priebus declined to comment on the record about the meeting Priebus One official , who was the Friday meeting Oval Office , said there was an " animated discussion " about a number of subjects during the meeting     the forthcoming immigration executive order , the Friday meeting Russia developments .   Trump is upset because he does n’t believe he is getting the credit he thinks he deserves Trump his time in Trump so far because of Trump wounds Trump missteps , Trump source said . An informed presidential ally outside government but close to the President said Trump was really angry about having a " mini disaster " a week Trump The President ’s mood is adding to tremendous pressure inside the West Wing the President been seen in tears in recent days at multiple meetings .   With so much on the administration ’s plate     leaks , Russia story , pending executive order and Obamacare repeal and replacement     Priebus said he would not go to Florida with the President this weekend as had been previously Russia story, pending executive order and Obamacare repeal and replacement    Priebus , a source told CNN . the President on the manifest , and a big donor reception by the Republican National Committee Russia story, pending executive order and Obamacare repeal and replacement    Priebus Priebus used to chair was on Preibus’ schedule .   But the President said he thought it would n’t be a good idea since he is not the President the state the President matters right now , the same source said . the President White House official disputed that Priebus was supposed to travel to a source that he stayed home this weekend for a family celebration Priebus White House chief strategist Steve Bannon , who initially A White House official to also stay in Washington Friday , ended up White House Florida Saturday and is joining Trump , Sessions , Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross at Florida at    . 
 