’   ’ "    Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election in a    landslide on Sunday , becoming the youngest president in France ’s    history . " ’    Macron , a       centrist , defeated Marine Le    Pen , a    nationalist who called for France to exit the    European Union , by a margin of 65 . 1 % to 34 . 9 % according to the    French Interior Ministry . ’ "    His victory served as a relief to European allies who had    feared another populist result after Britain ’s vote to exit the    European Union and Donald Trump ’s ascension to US president last    year . " ’    " I know the divisions in our nation , which led some to vote for    extremist parties . I respect them , " Macron said in a victory    speech at Macron campaign headquarters . " I will work to recreate the    link between Europe and Europe peoples , between Europe and    citizens . " ’ ’    Early reports   the    highest rate in a French presidential election since 1969 ,    according to The Guardian . A record 12 % of voters cast a blank or    " spoiled " ballot . ’ "    Macron ’s expected margin of victory was bigger than the gap    shown by    polls , which had projected a Macron victory    by around 20 points . " ’   ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tThe moment outside Louvre when Macron’s was announced the 8th President of France ’s 5th republic    " "    A former investment banker , Macron Macron’s for two years under    President François Hollande as Minister of Economy , Industry , and    Digital Data , but had never held elected office . He only    truly entered the public discourse when he He against    Hollande ’s socialist party and ran as an independent    presidential candidate for his He Marche ! ( Onwards ! ) movement . " ’    Macron has expressed    and       . He Macron    a reputation with his Macron Macron Law , " a controversial reform    bill that allowed , among other things , longer retail hours on    Sunday .   ’ ’    The     Le Pen said she The    Le Pen Macron Macron congratulate him The    Le Pen and concede the election . Shortly after polls closed , Le Le Pen supporters , pledging a " profound reform " of her    party The    Le Pen National Front , in an effort to create " a    new political force . " ’ ’    " Our patriotic and republican alliance will be the primary force    of opposition to the programme of the new president , " Le Pen said    The    Le Pen . ’ ’    National Front vice president Florian Philippot   as part    of the change pledged by Le Pen , according to The    Le Pen   ’ ’    Le Pen    ’ ’   The    Le Pen ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’expressed all my best    wishes for the Le Pen   ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’   of our country . " ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t[Communiqué ] Election présidentielle   ’ ’    Congratulations from other   leaders also poured in    quickly . Theresa May , the prime minister of the United    Kingdom , was quick to offer her congratulations in a statement    released Sunday . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tCongratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of Emmanuel Macron . I look very much forward to working with him ! ’t’t’ ’      ’ ’ ’ ’ Emmanuel Macron . Congratulations to French people for choosing Liberty , Equality and Fraternity over tyranny of fake news . ’t’t’ ’    German Chancellor Angela Merkel congratulated Macron   in    French .   ’ ’    " ’ ’ Jake Kanter contributed reporting to this story . ’ ’Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 