WASHINGTON   —    The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee rebuffed calls on Tuesday to recuse The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee from the panel ’s investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential election , as Democrats accused The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee of stalling the inquiry by canceling the House Intelligence Committee meetings . Representative Devin Nunes of California , the chairman , said The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee would continue to lead the House the panel’s investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential election from Democrats   —    including The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee committee ’s ranking member , Representative Adam B. Schiff of California   —    California The Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee is too close to President Trump to conduct an impartial inquiry . " Why would I not ? " Mr. Nunes told reporters on Tuesday morning . Pressed about concerns from Democrats , he added , " Mr. Nunes sounds like their problem . " concerns from Democrats announcement that the committee would not hold a    meeting on Tuesday as expected with James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director and Adm. Michael S. Rogers , the director of the National Security Agency   —    a briefing Mr. Nunes insisted needed to happen before the committee could move the committee its public hearings   — the committee startled some Democrats . They added that the cancellations some Democrats further , including a regular meeting later in the week . Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut , a Democrat on the committee , called it the committee concerning . " " Effectively , what has happened is the committee ’s oversight , the the committee national intelligence apparatus , has come to a halt because of this particular issue , " he said . Mr. Nunes disputed that the Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut, a Democrat on the committee had stalled , though he noted that it was difficult for the Mr. Nunes " to move forward with interviews the committee " until members could speak to Mr. Comey again . " Nothing has been canceled Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut, a Democrat on the committee Mr. Nunes said . " Everything is moving forward as Mr. Nunes " He also said the committee had invited Mr. Comey to appear Mr. Nunes the committee though it was unclear Representative Jim Himes of Connecticut, a Democrat on the committee might happen . A committee spokesman said the request had been extended to Admiral Rogers as Mr. Schiff Schiff did not sign the letter , two aides said . Speaker Paul D. Ryan maintained on Tuesday to reporters that he saw no reason for Mr. Nunes to step away from the investigation . Last Speaker Paul D. Ryan , Mr. Nunes said he briefed Mr. Ryan on information indicating Mr. Trump or members of Mr. Nunes team might Mr. Nunes Speaker Paul D. Ryan incidentally " caught up in legal surveillance of foreign operatives Mr. Nunes American spy agencies . Mr. Ryan said on Tuesday that he did not know the source of that information . Speaker Paul D. Ryan new    on Tuesday , Speaker Paul D. Ryan Washington Post reported that the White House had tried to block Sally Q. Yates , Tuesday was fired by Mr. Trump as acting attorney general in January , from appearing before the committee , apparently arguing that much of her testimony could be banned from discussion by presidential privilege that shields certain sensitive information from the public Ms. Yates In letters later obtained by The New York Times , her lawyer pushed back , asserting that much of what Ms. Yates would address had already been described Ms. Yates by senior administration officials . The letters were dated late last week , around the time Mr. Nunes abruptly announced his decision to letters later obtained by The New York Times public hearing . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , rejected the Mr. Nunes as " 100 percent false , " saying the White House would not bar Ms. Yates from testifying . He also rejected the idea that the White the White House Mr. Nunes Ms. Yates the hearing . " I Mr. Nunes she testifies , " he said . the White House Mr. Nunes it . " a public hearing said he Ms. Yates " deeply concerned " by Mr. Nunes cancellation of the hearing with Ms. Yates and other former officials , which he said would have focused Mr. Schiff least in part on Michael T. Flynn , the national security adviser who resigned after it was revealed that he Mr. Schiff to White House officials , including Vice President Mike Pence , about his contacts with Russia . It was the latest development in a Mr. Schiff in which bipartisan cooperation quickly collapsed . Last week , without consulting Mr. Mr. Schiff , Mr. Nunes bumped a planned public hearing with James R. Clapper Jr. the former director of national intelligence a week in which bipartisan cooperation quickly collapsed Brennan , the former C. I. A. director and Ms. Yates , who was fired after she instructed Justice Department officials to not carry out Mr. Trump ’s first proposed travel ban . Tensions had escalated on Monday after the confirmation that Mr. Nunes had traveled to the White House grounds last week to view what he described as classified intelligence documents . A day after that , he Mr. Nunes the news media , and then to Mr. Trump , that he had Mr. Nunes information indicating that members of the Trump transition team may have Mr. Nunes caught up in legal surveillance . " None of Mr. Trump Democrat or Mr. Nunes on the Senate Intelligence Committee , still has any idea what he ’s talking about , " said Senator Mark Warner of Virginia , the Democratic vice chairman of the committee . Mr. Schiff and Representative Nancy Pelosi of Mr. Nunes , the top House Democrat , led calls for Mr. Nunes to recuse himself , arguing that he the Senate Intelligence Committee himself incapable of leading an impartial investigation . Representative Walter B. Jones , a North Carolina Republican who has joined Democrats in calling for more scrutiny of himself meddling in himself election , also called on Tuesday for Mr. Nunes to step away from the investigation . Mr. Nunes was a member of the Trump transition team , as well as a vocal supporter of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Nunes 
 Mr. Nunes 