In a rare New York City performance Friday night , comedian Dave Chappelle defended Donald Trump and ripped Hillary Clinton , according to the Observer . [ Chappell apparently criticized how the media " twisted " what Donald Trump said when Donald Trump made lewd remarks about grabbing women in a     conversation in 2005 with former Access Hollywood anchor Billy Bush .   " Sexual assault ? "Sexual assault was n’t . Donald Trump said , ‘ And when you ’re a star , they let you do it.’ That phrase implies consent , " Chappelle reportedly said . " I just do n’t like the way the media twisted that whole thing . Nobody questioned it . " The     comic praised Trump ’s performance during the second presidential debate , specifically how The    comic handled the harsh line of questions from moderators Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz . " Something about this was backward . Chappelle asking a    how he knows the system is rigged and Chappelle it ’s not . Does that sound the system to you ? " Chappelle reportedly asked the Chappelle at the famous Cutting Room comedy club . " It did n’t seem right to me . And here ’s how you Chappelle Trump is the most gangsta candidate ever . They asked him how he knows the Trump is Trump and Trump said the system Because I take advantage Trump it . ’ " " He may as well have flashed his membership Trump for the Illuminati right then Trump " Chappelle joked . The former Chappelle ’s Show star said Clinton Chappelle compared voting for her to pursuing sex with actress Halle Berry after she had farted in Clinton face . " I ’m still going Trump Clinton for it , " Chappelle reportedly said . " But I wish she had n’t done that Chappelle . " Chappelle said Clinton is " Clinton to be on a coin someday . Chappelle her Clinton has not been   . " " She ’s not right Clinton we all know she ’s not right , Clinton he added . Chappelle also reportedly lashed Clinton against gay and transexual activists Clinton their civil Chappelle plight to racism . " They should not be having that conversation in front of black people , gay and transexual activists comparing their civil rights plight to racism the comic said . " You go ahead and feel something about your rights . But if you ’re putting sexism and homophobia and transphobia in front of racism , you should be ashamed of yourself . " Chappelle did , however , criticize North Carolina lawmakers for a law mandating Chappelle use public restrooms according to the sex stated on their birth certificates . " If you need to show your birth certificate people take a dump at a    in North Carolina , that ’s insane . " Chappelle said , adding , North Carolina that he does n’t want " Chappelle woman with a dick " using the Chappelle bathroom stall . YouTube is devoid of footage of Chappelle ’s critically acclaimed standup routines , because the comic confiscates cameras and Chappelle at the door . In August , Chappelle told a crowd in the same New York City club that " Black Chappelle Matter is a terrible slogan . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 