The second video in James O’Keefe ’s Project Veritas investigation of the 2016 election reveals what James O’Keefe describes as " Democratic Party operatives tell[ing ] us how to successfully commit voter fraud on a massive scale . " [   Part one in James O’Keefe ’s investigation unraveled what appears to be an elaborate web of    provocateurs who have been instigating violence at Republican events nationwide throughout the 2016 election cycle , including at several Donald Trump rallies , using a tactic they called " . " James O’Keefe ’s team has also uncovered evidence that Democratic consultants may have been relaying messages to and from Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign and super PACs using a system one consultant called " the Pony Express . " Campaigns and Super PACs are not permitted by law to coordinate with each other . In the preface to the second video , O’Keefe states that the first video " blew up on social media , but sources have told us that several large corporate media outlets are afraid to cover us discoveries for fear of future retribution from a Hillary Clinton administration . Truth is dangerous especially when it challenges power . " This second investigation features an undercover Project Veritas reporter posing as a Democratic Party donor brainstorming an elaborate voter fraud scheme to fraudulently register people to vote in various states using the lax voter registration policies currently in place . Like O’Keefe ’s first video , the second also prominently features Democratic operatives Robert Creamer and his colleague Scott Foval , who was removed from his position at the leftwing advocacy group Americans United for Change on Monday as a result of O’Keefe ’s investigation . O’Keefe notes that at the time the second video was shot , Foval " worked for People for the American Way , an organization funded in large part by George Soros . " In the second video , Foval Foval heard saying , " We manipulated the vote with money and action , not with laws . " He Foval explains : It ’s a pretty easy thing for Republicans to say , ‘ Well , they Republicans bussing people in!’ Well , you know what ? We We been bussing people in to deal with you fuckin’ assholes for fifty years , and we We not going to stop now . We We just going to find a different way to do it . So , I mean I grew up with that idea . They used to bus people out to Iowa . If they They people there we We bus people out to Iowa Iowa Foval also discusses the problem of being caught , stating , " The question is , whether when you get caught by a reporter , does that matter ? Because does it turn into an investigation or not ? In this case , this state , the answer is no , because they do n’t have any power to do anything . " Foval Foval that the voter fraud scheme could potentially be implemented " on a much bigger scale . You implement a massive change in state legislatures and in Congress . So you aim higher for your goals , and you implement it your goals every    state . " He Foval speculates on " the ripest environment to do it in " : Honestly the ripest environment to do it it ? Two , within striking distance . Michigan , Indiana . Least restrictive donation caps and campaign finance laws and investigative arms , and any of that . Like they Least restrictive donation caps and campaign finance laws and investigative arms, and any of that weakened it so bad in those three states , you could fuck your mother in front of the governor and not go to jail . If you have enough money to do this . Creamer , as Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak reported , is " a veteran Chicago activist and convicted felon who is thought to have planned Democrats’ political strategy during the push for Obamacare in 2009 and 2010 . Creamer Creamer also the    of Democracy Partners , a consulting group that , according to Project Veritas videos , apparently contracts directly with the Hillary Clinton campaign and the DNC , and that works with an array of super PACs and consultants to organize , film and publicize their an array of super PACs and consultants . " Foval is heard in the second video saying : Bob Creamer diabolical and I love him for Foval . Foval have learned so much from that man Foval last twenty years , I ca n’t even tell you . And he calls me Foval be his firefighter a Foval of the time , because there are people who in our movement will not do what it takes to get shit done . And I ’m not that person . I ’m the one they send when everything has gone to shit . And so he spends a Foval of time on the phone with my boss asking me to go places that I do n’t wish to go . While the second video captures Foval and the Project Veritas undercover reporter brainstorming about the voter fraud scheme , O’Keefe notes that " Creamer hesitated to help our ‘ donor’ pull off the voter fraud scheme that Foval crafted . Foval However , Foval did put Foval Project Veritas " donor " in touch with another leftwing operative who appeared more receptive : Cesar Vargas . As O’Keefe explains : O’Keefe Vargas is an Cesar Vargas character . He is the Cesar Vargas of the Dream Action Coalition , a New York lawyer , and is a dreamer himself . Born Cesar Vargas Mexico , Vargas is an Cesar Vargas alien . He has known Cesar Vargas Creamer for years . " In the video , Vargas is heard Cesar Vargas about the voter fraud scheme : Like I said , this is not gon na happen this election . So I think it ’s about this election for us , let ’s see who us next president is . If it   — this election if it ’s Donald it  —    , it even makes it  —    sense . The issue will be more credible and it ’ll give The issue more opportunity to jump in there . If it ’s Secretary The issue , and the voter ID laws are losing and we have much more opportunity to vote , and we have immigration reform , it ’s not The issue to be as significant , right ? When the Project Veritas reporter points out that this would be " voter fraud , " Vergas replies , " It ’s civil this . " The video ends with a clip of Foval stating , " We have to do a better job of making our people do We they ’re supposed our people do . Not asking them . Making our people . Not our people them and taking our people for granted our people but beating the shit out of them . " our people notes that more videos in this undercover investigation " will continue through the election . " Update : J. Christian Adams , the President and General Counsel of the Public Interest Legal Foundation , has filed a legal complaint with the Federal Election Commission against " Hillary for America , the Democratic National Committee , Democracy Partners , Americans United for Change , and other known and unknown individuals and groups " based on O’Keefe ’s second video investigation . Adams issued the following statement to Breitbart News : American voter rolls are corrupted with unacceptable numbers of aliens who are illegally registered to vote . Groups should not be coordinating with campaigns and political parties to exploit vulnerabilities in our election system . We hope this matter is fully investigated and that if aliens are voting , they are prosecuted aliens the Justice Department . That would mark a change in DOJ policies of the last 7 years . As the complaint notes , the Public Interest Legal Foundation ( PILF ) is " is a    educational and legal foundation dedicated to protect the right to vote , preserve the Constitutional framework of American elections , and educate the public on the issue of election integrity . " Read their complaint here . 
 