Just hours after declaring his intended candidacy for the UK Independence Party leadership race , Breitbart London senior editor Raheem Kassam ’s campaign slogan Make UKIP Great Again was trending on social media . [ Taking what is known as ‘ right wing Twitter’   —    new social media platform Gab . ai   —    by storm , # MakeUKIPGreatAgain was trending in first place on the site by Wednesday evening . The rallying cry to end the infighting at the top of UKIP posted above even Donald Trump ’s campaign slogan Make America Great Again , a perennial favourite on the site .   Posting on the Gab platform , Mr. Kassam courted support of the predominantly    members of the the site and celebrated the hashtag reaching number one in typically ebullient style .   Mr. Kassam Mr. Kassam off fundraising for his campaign , Mr. Kassam    contenders had to stump up a £ 5 , 000 deposit to seek election   —    a figure that would not be returned unless a vote threshold is reached . Those contributing to the hashtag sent messages of encouragement from around the world called on Raheem to address a host of problems as leader , from fixing BBC bias to pressing for Brexit . The popularity of Mr. Kassam ’s nascent campaign on the increasingly popular Gab platform may be linked to the founding principles and constituency of the new social media site . Speaking to Breitbart , founder Andrew Torba said the site was the new social media site response to censorship on what he called " Big founder Andrew Torba " sites like Twitter and Facebook . He said : " founder Andrew Torba I had to pick a single event that pushed me over the edge to take action , I would have to say it was the suppression of conservative sources and stories by the incredibly biased Facebook Trending Topics team . " Many of us do n’t realize just how much power and influence the News Feed and Trending Topics products have on our psychological understanding of us world around us . There are us of millions of people who get their main source of news and information from a handful of companies in one of the most progressively liberal cities in the world , it the world for a change   …      At Gab we welcome anyone who wants to speak freely " . The declarations of both Mr. Kassam and Northern MEP Steven Woolfe to stand for leader followed a tumulus 24 hours for UKIP , after the surprise resignation of newly elected Diane James and the return of Nigel Farage as interim leader .  
 