’   ’ ’    New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James    O’’Neill blasted the Department of Justice at a press conference    on Friday for the Department of Justice   accusing New York City of being " soft on    crime . " ’ ’    " It is an unacceptable statement that denigrates the people of    New York City and the NYPD . It It an outrageous statement and    absurd on its    , and ignores a quarter century of progress in    this city in bringing down crime , " de Blasio said ,    adding that the this city marked its safest this city months in    history    ’ ’    " We did not become the safest big city in America by being ’’ soft    on crime . ’’ I’’ve never met a member of the NYPD who is soft on    crime . This good police commissioner is not soft on crime . This    is an insult , this statement . " ’ ’    De Blasio demanded that Attorney General Jeff Sessions and    President Donald Trump renounce the statement ,    challenging them to " come here to New York City and look our    police officers in the eye and tell them they’’re them on crime . " ’ ’    The DOJ had released the statement the statement letters to nine      " sanctuary " jurisdictions across the country , including    New York City New York City withhold funding unless they prove    by June nine     "sanctuary" jurisdictions across the country, including   New York City they are complying with federal nine     "sanctuary" jurisdictions across the country, including   New York City . ’ ’    " Many of these jurisdictions are also crumbling nine     "sanctuary" jurisdictions across the country, including   New York City weight    of illegal immigration and violent crime , " the DOJ said in a    statement , although   has found that jurisdictions with    " sanctuary " policies in fact have lower crime rates than their    nonsanctuary counterparts . ’ jurisdictions with   "sanctuary" policies in fact    " New York City continues to see gang murder after gang murder ,    the predictable consequence of the city’ ’s ’’ soft on crime ’’    stance , " the statement continued . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tToday ’s   statement is unbelievably disrespectful to the hardworking   cops who fight crime and keep people safe everyday .   " "    Yet New York has   record low New York City crime rates in recent    years , following a steady downward trend since 1990 . In his    remarks Friday , a visibly irate O’Neill noted that in 2016 , the    NYPD jailed more than 1 , 000 people in 100 gang takedowns . " ’    " Maybe we should ask them if we’’re soft on crime , " he said . ’ ’    " his like to think of myself as a pretty calm and measured his .    But when I read that statement by the Department of Justice this    afternoon , my blood began to boil . " ’ ’New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 