Sen. Ted Cruz   speculated on CBS ’s Face the Nation that if Sen. Ted Cruz   wins the nomination on a late ballot at a contested convention in Cleveland , " Donald [ Trump ] may do everything Donald can to encourage riots . " [ Host John Dickerson asked Cruz on CBS ’s Sunday morning program whether Host John Dickerson is able to " overthrow " Trump at the Republican National nominating convention in Cleveland . " In a situation of delegates over people , wo n’t that lead to riots ? "   Cruz called the use of the word " overthrow " a " loaded spin word " after stating , " No , it wo n’t , although Donald may do everything Donald can to encourage riots . " Ted Cruz to @FaceTheNation : Donald Trump could " encourage riots " in Cleveland if Donald Trump does n’t win https :   .   via @emilyrs ,   —    CBS News Politics ( @CBSPolitics ) May 1 , 2016 ,   In    Donald Trump said , " I think we ’ll win before getting to the convention , but I can tell you , if we did n’t and if we ’re 20 votes short or if we ’re 100 short and we ’re at 1 , 100 and somebody else is at 500 or 400 , because we ’re way ahead of everybody , I do n’t think you can say that we do n’t get it automatically . I think it would be   —    I think you ’d have riots . I think you ’d have riots . " Cruz has repeatedly made statements such as " the people would quite rightly revolt " if the establishment tries to parachute in a " white knight " establishment candidate . However , Cruz declared that such an event " ai n’t gon na happen " during an April town hall event in Madison , Wisconsin . Cruz was also asked : " Your theory about how you ’ll get the nomination relies on you going to an open convention and overthrowing the delegate lead that Donald Trump has . In order for that to happen , you ca n’t do that without the help of the Washington establishment that you ’ve just been talking about . " " The test is to win a majority , " Cruz responded . The Texas senator has repeatedly referred to contested conventions where the frontrunner did not win the nomination . Gerald Ford and Abraham Lincoln are among those that have won such nominations . " I ’ll use a football analogy . If you ’re on the 30 yard line , it you’re on the 30 yard line not a touchdown . Donald right now is on the the 30 yard line he wants everybody to Donald , ‘ hey , the game is over,’ because , you know , ‘ I ’m past the 50.’ So what ? He can not win Donald majority . " Cruz emphasized that both he and Trump will Cruz into a contested convention with " a bunch of delegates . " Trump has hammered away Trump his vote and delegate Trump over Cruz . Cruz was Cruz asked Cruz he denies that he Trump the establishment Cruz preferred candidate . He responded with comments Trump former House Speaker John Boehner , who called him " Lucifer in Trump flesh " and said that he is texting and Trump buddies with Trump . Cruz also went after Cruz senior campaign aide Trump Manafort for his history in politics Trump senior campaign aide Paul Manafort Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 