Donald J. Trump ’s intensifying battle with Donald J. Trump own party is tearing open the nation ’s political map , pulling Republicans across the nation’s into a    feud that could imperil dozens of lawmakers in Congress and potentially throw       into Hillary Clinton ’s column . Democrats are moving swiftly to exploit Donald J. Trump’s crumbling position in the presidential race , aiming to run up a big margin of victory for Mrs. Clinton and Hillary Clinton’s political advantage into Democrats congressional elections next month . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign Hillary Clinton’s at least two traditionally Republican states , Georgia and Arizona , are realistic targets for her campaign to win over . Hillary Clinton’s Republican polling has found that Mr. Trump is at dire risk of losing Georgia , according to people briefed Georgia the polls , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Mrs. Clinton now holds such a Hillary Clinton’s hand that Priorities USA , a " super PAC " backing her campaign , may direct some of Hillary Clinton’s war chest into Senate races , her campaign people said , and may begin broadcasting ads for those contests as soon as next week . Congressional Democrats also hope to persuade Mrs. Clinton to continue pouring money and Hillary Clinton’s into states like Virginia and Colorado , where they believe her victory is assured , in Congressional Democrats to Hillary Clinton’s other Democratic candidates . In a signal of Democrats’ growing focus on the House and Senate , Mrs. Clinton used a visit on Tuesday to Hillary Clinton’s attack both Mr. Trump and Senator Marco Rubio , whom Mrs. Clinton blasted for what she described as his Hillary Clinton’s climate change . " Hillary Clinton’s need to elect people up and down the ballot , at every level of government , who take it seriously , " Mrs. Clinton said , adding , " It is an Hillary Clinton’s for Marco Rubio , when asked it climate change , to say , ‘ I ’m not a scientist . ’ " Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John D. Podesta , told Hillary Clinton’s she would continue to call out    Republicans . Mr. Rubio is Hillary Clinton’s the Republicans whom Priorities USA may seek to Marco Rubio if the group decides to intervene in Senate races , one strategist said . Increasingly anxious Republicans have not come up with a unified strategy for containing the damage from Mr. Trump ’s embattled candidacy , and several strategists and party officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity said they were awaiting a new round of polling before settling on a course embattled candidacy, and several strategists and party officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity But , in a sign that Republicans now view the presidential race as a lost cause , several Senate candidates are preparing ads asking voters to elect them as a check on Mrs. Clinton in the White House . Yet several Senate candidates Trump himself , having been rejected in recent days by dozens of Republican elected officials , has indicated that he will make any separation an exceptionally messy and painful ordeal for the Mr. Trump himself . Mr. Trump lashed out publicly on Tuesday morning at two the Republican Party    Mr. Trump himself Senator John McCain of Arizona , who withdrew his endorsement Mr. Trump himself Mr. Trump over the weekend , and Paul D. Ryan , Mr. Trump himself speaker of Mr. Trump himself , who informed congressional Republicans on Monday that he would no longer defend Mr. Trump . Seething on Twitter , Mr. Trump attacked Mr. Trump himself Mr. McCain described Mr. McCain as Mr. Trump himself foul mouthed . " And in a Fox News interview , Mr. Trump mocked both men as disloyal , reserving special venom for Mr. Ryan . " Paul Mr. Trump himself borders and amnesty and bad budgets , " Mr. Trump said . He declared himself a liberated man Mr. Ryan on Twitter : Mr. Ryan It Mr. Trump himself nice that the Mr. Trump himself have Mr. Trump himself taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to . " Should Mr. Trump continue deriding the leaders of the institutional Republican Party , it could have profound consequences down the Mr. Trump himself potentially depressing turnout by demoralizing the party or leading Mr. Trump ’s ardent supporters to deny their votes to Republicans the leaders of the institutional Republican Party abandoned him . But there is little Republicans Mr. Trump himself control Mr. Trump ’s the institutional Republican Party The party ’s donors have no Mr. Trump himself over him , the institutional Republican Party is relying largely on small donors Mr. Trump himself 70 , he is not mindful of any future campaign . The Mr. Trump himself dynamic the institutional Republican Party toxic for Republicans in swing states that are also Mr. Trump himself to competitive races for the House and Senate , where the party ’s candidates must choose between two unpalatable options : alienating much of their party ’s base , or standing behind a nominee who is unacceptable to most mainstream voters . The voting bloc that the institutional Republican Party officials are the       voters who usually favor Republican candidates but can not the party’s candidates Mr. Trump . These voters can make up anywhere between a quarter to a third of the party ’s electoral coalition . " That voter is clearly not going to vote for Donald Trump , " said Josh Holmes , a The voting bloc that especially concerns Republican officials who is working on several Senate races . " But if the institutional Republican Party n’t vote at all , it ’s catastrophic for us . " The nightmare possibility for Mr. Trump is that swing voters punish the party because of Mr. Trump , the    Republicans stay at home and Mr. Trump Josh Holmes, a Republican strategist who is working on several Senate races base casts a ballot for him and then leaves the polls . Under those conditions the institutional Republican Party races in places like Pennsylvania and the institutional Republican Party could fall to Democrats , Mr. Trump and House races in places like Missouri , Arizona Mr. Trump move to the center of the battlefield Mr. Trump Already , Republicans view Mr. Trump ’s sharp downturn in the presidential race as having jeopardized their majorities in Congress . A poll published on Senate by NBC News and The Wall Street Journal found Mr. Trump trailing Mrs. Clinton by nine percentage points nationally and drawing just 37 percent of the vote . No    nominee since World War II has Republicans a smaller share of the vote . But in an illustration of the bind Republicans are in , Mr. Trump’s sharp downturn in the presidential race found that    of Republicans believed their candidates should stay loyal to Mr. Trump . In Nevada , the Republican candidate for Senate , Representative Joe Heck , withdrew his support the vote Trump over the weekend , and is facing a furious backlash . A poll published on Tuesday by NBC News , a Las Vegas retail manager supportive of   of Republicans Trump , said she might now vote for a Democrat over Mr. Heck in a critical Senate race . " I think of Joe Heck Mr. Trump I do of any Republican not supporting Donald Trump , " said Ms. Kirwin , 52 . " I will never support Mr. Trump them , and Sandie Kirwin, a Las Vegas retail manager supportive of Mr. Trump will do what I can to get them out of office . " But other    voters say they Mr. Heck those who fail to denounce Mr. Trump . Several Mr. Trump difficult Senate races have criticized Mr. Trump in strong terms without coming out in opposition to his Ms. Kirwin, 52 , including Senators Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania , Richard Ms. Kirwin, 52 Burr of North Carolina and Mr. Rubio . In Pennsylvania other   voters Jaye Steuterman , a registered Republican Mr. Trump real estate agent in Doylestown , said she was still undecided on which presidential candidate to vote for . She said she was deeply unsettled by Mr. Trump ’s past comments about forcing himself on women , but that might not be enough to stop her voting for him . " I do n’t know what ’s more important to me   —    that , or the fact that Hillary is a she , she Ms. Steuterman said . In the Senate race , she is inclined to vote for Mr. Toomey because he is a Republican , she her decision himself depend on whether he supports Mr. Trump . Even the drastic step of denouncing Mr. Trump may not be enough to she Republicans from his unpopularity . In a conference call on Tuesday with the Democratic Ms. Steuterman , Representative Ben Ray Luján of New Mexico Mr. Toomey the chairman of the Democratic Ms. Steuterman Campaign Committee , said that Mr. Toomey polling found voters drawing scant distinction between Republicans who endorsed Mr. Trump and those who abandoned him out of political expediency Mr. Trump Tuesday to people who participated in the call , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because it was supposed to be private . the condition of anonymity , Representative James E. the condition of anonymity of South Carolina , the    House Democrat , expressed concern that Mrs. Clinton might abandon states that she is all but sure to Hillary Clinton’s but where Democrats are still Hillary Clinton’s in competitive races . Mr. Clyburn asked Representative Nancy Pelosi , the minority leader , to contact Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign to ensure Mr. Clyburn House now could be in play , " said Virginia John Colorado of Kentucky . " There ’s a little bit of scrambling going on to identify races that could flip if the presidential race somehow gets to a    margin . " Like their Republican counterparts , Democrats do not House make final strategy decisions until they receive new polling . But they have already begun aggressively attacking Republicans , even as those officials retreat from Mr. Trump . Three Democratic congressional candidates have the presidential race this week that showcase footage of Mr. Trump describing sexual assault the presidential race graphic terms , from a 2005 recording . Gov. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire , who is challenging Senator Kelly Ayotte , used the footage in a campaign video on Tuesday , saying Democrats Ayotte recently denounced Mr. Trump Democrats to " Mr. Trump . " And outside groups supporting congressional Democrats have begun to reallocate their spending to take Mr. Trump the shifting environment . The Mr. Trump himself PAC , the principal outside Mr. Trump himself supporting House Democrats , this week made a $ 1 . 2 million Tuesday to contest the suburban Philadelphia seat held by Representative Michael G. Fitzpatrick , that showcase footage of Mr. Trump describing sexual assault in graphic terms, from a 2005 recording retiring . In affluent , suburban areas , which Senator Kelly Ayotte trending strongly toward Democrats after the first presidential debate , Republican survival may depend on House willingness of voters to separate their outside groups supporting congressional Democrats about the presidential race from their voting behavior in all other elections . Outside a ski shop on Tuesday in this week Colo. Sharon and Les Sparks said they were disappointed by Republicans pulling away from Mr. Trump , whom Mr. Sparks described as " spoiled little entitled brats . " Among those lawmakers is Representative Mike Coffman , a    congressman who has been critical of Mr. Trump for months and recently called on him Tuesday end his campaign voters Still , Mr. and Ms. Sparks voters they would vote for Mr. Coffman , despite their frustration . " They need to unite , " said Ms. Sparks , Sharon and Les Sparks , a project manager in the health industry . " If Les Sparks going to be in the Republican Party , you need to Mr. Trump behind the Mr. Coffman 