Washington ( CNN ) Vice    Mike Pence is looking to a former US vice     as a model for a former US vice     new role as a former US vice     prepares to assume the    office in the country .   a former US vice     recently spoke on the phone with former President George H. W. Bush , Washington (CNN) Vice   Mike Pence told CNN ’s Dana Bash in an interview Wednesday , and said former President George H. W. Bush offered him some advice . Pence , former President George H. W. Bush did n’t divulge what Bush 41 told him , said former President George H. W. Bush men had former President George H. W. Bush " short call , " but that he has been " taking a hard former President George H. W. Bush " at Bush ’s years as vice president as former President George H. W. Bush to figure out what type of former President George H. W. Bush president he will be . " The reason why former President George H. W. Bush think about Vice President Bush is because then as now former President George H. W. Bush , there was a transformational leader coming to bring real change to Washington D. C. , " Pence said . " I ’ll be thinking about the privilege I have to stand next to another change agent as president . " Bush and his wife , former first lady Barbara Bush former President George H. W. Bush have former President George H. W. Bush been hospitalized , his spokesman said Wednesday . Pence said he has looked former President George H. W. Bush Bush ’s tenure as Pence president former President George H. W. Bush in which he former President George H. W. Bush alongside and supported a strong , visionary leader former President George H. W. Bush as a " great source of inspiration . " Bush , of course , followed Reagan into the White House former President George H. W. Bush That , too , may serve as inspiration for Pence , the former Indiana governor who was floated as a Pence presidential candidate in 2016 and is now considered a top contender to become the Republican Party ’s presidential nominee after    Donald Trump ’s time in office comes to a close . The former congressman is also expected to be a particularly powerful former President George H. W. Bush Trump , who has never served in government . Pence will spend much of his time spearheading the Trump administration ’s legislative Pence Congress , where he former President George H. W. Bush been given an office on the House side in addition to former President George H. W. Bush vice presidential office in the Senate side of Capitol Hill . Pence is expected to be a key bridge between GOP leaders and Trump Pence His selection as Trump ’s running mate last year was in large part former President George H. W. Bush at reassuring Trump the party and rallying them around Trump ’s unconventional candidacy . 
 Trump the party 