’’ ’A new poll of Republican voters released on Wednesday found US Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) vaulting past Donald Trump nationally.’ ’ The Wall Street     showed US Sen. Ted Cruz , the Iowa caucuses winner , with 28 % support among Republican primary voters.’ " Donald Trump nationally.’ ’ 26 % in the poll . He Donald Trump nationally.’ ’ followed by Sen. Marco Rubio ’s ( ) 17 % and Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s ( R ) 11 % . Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson garnered 10 % while former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ( R ) rounded out the field with 4 % . " " It ’s the first time Cruz has held a    lead over Trump , and it It the first time since October that Trump Trump n’t held an outright lead in a national poll . " ’In an NBC interview , Cruz Cruz the results " ’ ’The pollster acknowledged that the survey represents a clear " shift " in standing between the two . All national surveys released over the past month have found the businessman with a comfortable , usually    lead over Cruz Cruz his the businessman GOP primary rival . A Real Clear Politics average of five surveys released this the past month Trump an approximate 33 % to 20 % lead over Cruz Cruz the GOP field.’ ’"When you see a number this different , it means this might be right on top of a shift in the campaign . What you don’’t know yet is if the change is going to take place or if it is the change momentary ’’ pause ’’ before the numbers snap back into place , " Republican pollster Bill McInturff said , according to NBC.’ " It suggested that   could have had a hand in the poll ’s extreme shift , especially since it was the poll entirely after the debate . But state surveys of South Carolina , which hosts its Republican primary on Saturday , have shown little erosion of Trump ’s commanding lead in the days since the debate the debate ’Indeed , a Bloomberg Politics survey of South Carolina released South Carolina same time as the    Street Journal survey found the    mogul leading Cruz 36 % to 17 % in the Palmetto State.’ ’Over the last week , the candidates have increasingly traded blows on the campaign trail.’ ’On Tuesday , the Trump campaign threatened to sue Cruz if the senator Cruz not stop airing a television ad that includes a    clip of Trump stating his then Trump for the senator rights .   goading Trump to file his Trump and saying Trump he would consider arguing Trump his own defense if Trump case went to trial.’ ’Cruz said:’ ’A new poll of Republican voters released on . .. ’ 
 