  ( CNN ) French conservatives have picked Francois Fillon as French conservatives presidential candidate in next year ’s election .   Francois Fillon easily beat Bordeaux Mayor Alain Juppe in the Republican party ’s first ever    primary runoff Sunday , getting about 66 % of the vote .   " Victory is mine . It is a substantive victory built on belief , " Francois Fillon said as Francois Fillon spoke to supporters after Francois Fillon win . " We have all the assets to be a modern , sovereign nation in the lead in Europe . " Francois Fillon could face    National Front Party leader Marine Le Pen in the final round of the presidential vote next spring , as voters are widely expected to boot out   National Front Party that has ruled France since 2012 under the leadership of President Francois Hollande , whose popularity is waning . " This past presidential term has been pathetic , " Francois Fillon said in criticizing Hollande . " It is time to end it and start moving forward as we have never done in 30 years . For this we will we everyone . "   Fillon , 62 , is a lawyer who served as prime minister between 2007 and 2012 under Sarkozy .   Francois Fillon ’s a social conservative who has talked of ending France ’s famed    work week and getting tough with the country ’s powerful trade unions . Francois Fillon has also spoken of cutting public spending , abolishing the wealth tax , reducing immigration and investing billions in security , defense and justice . A hard line on immigration has also bolstered Le Pen , whose    stance is gaining popularity among French voters . In an interview with CNN last week , she said she ’d she emboldened by Donald Trump ’s surprise victory in the United States .   " It makes the French realize that what the people want , they can the people , if they mobilize the people , the people she said she Fillon ’s sudden rise , Just a month ago , Fillon was Fillon an unlikely bet for the presidency , but he won Fillon voters with a polished performance in televised debates . Polls had him mostly Fillon third place , but he apparently Fillon a popular tone in the country ’s fight against Islamic terrorism and ISIS after publishing a new book , " Beating Islamic Totalitarianism . " The first round of the primary , on November 20 , put Fillon well ahead , with 44 . 1 % of the vote . Juppe received 28 . 6 % and former President Nicolas Sarkozy came in third with 20 . 6 % eliminating him from former President Nicolas Sarkozy final round .   French newspaper Liberation morphed Fillon ’s Fillon with Thatcher ’s in a cover image this week     no doubt inspired by the Republican ’s tough talk on unions and pledge to cut 500 , 000 jobs from the civil service . As a Catholic from Le Mans , a city in northwest France , Fillon symbolizes Fillon traditional provincial right .   The father of five lives with    wife Penelope in a    castle near where he grew Fillon . Fillon also Fillon a race car enthusiast who once appeared on France ’s France Top Gear " TV program .   Fillon ’s Fillon , Juppe , is also a former prime minister , under President Jacques Chirac .   He had been Fillon as a reliable and experienced politician , and a moderate , but was tainted by scandal , including a 2004 prison sentence for corruption . 
 