Donald J. Trump lashed out on Tuesday in the aftermath of a disappointing first debate with Hillary Clinton , scolding the moderator , criticizing a beauty pageant winner for Hillary Clinton physique and raising the prospect of an    attack on Hillary Clinton ’s marital infidelities in the final stretch of the campaign . Having worked assiduously in recent weeks to cultivate a more disciplined demeanor on the campaign trail , Donald J. Trump cast aside that approach on Tuesday morning . As Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton ebullient campaign swing through North Carolina , aiming to press her newfound advantage Hillary Clinton Mr. Donald J. Trump his grievances Donald J. Trump full public view . Sounding weary and impatient as he called Donald J. Trump a Fox News program , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump Holt , the NBC News anchor , for asking " unfair questions " during the debate Monday evening , and speculated that someone might have tampered with his microphone . Mr. Trump someone Donald J. Trump that Mrs. Donald J. Trump lacked the " stamina " to be president , a claim critics have described as sexist , and suggested that in the future he might raise Mr. Donald J. Trump ’s past indiscretions . Mrs. Clinton of political civility , Mr. Trump leveled cutting Donald J. Trump a beauty pageant winner , Alicia Machado , whom Mrs. Clinton held up in Monday night ’s Mrs. Clinton an example of Mr. Trump ’s disrespect for Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump said on Fox he Donald J. Trump to disparage the former Donald J. Trump Universe because of her weight . " She was the winner and she gained the former Miss Universe massive amount of the former Miss Universe , and it was the former Miss Universe real problem , " said Mr. Trump , who was the pageant ’s executive producer at the time . Mrs. Clinton has already been broadcasting an ad highlighting crude remarks the former Miss Universe Trump about women she answered his taunts about her marriage with a rhetorical shrug , the former Miss Universe reporters Mr. Trump Trump was the former Miss Universe to run whatever kind of campaign he preferred Mr. Trump board her campaign plane , she plainly relished her Mr. Trump of apparent triumph the former Miss Universe and poked fun the former Miss Universe Mr. Trump the former Miss Universe morning lamentations . " Anybody who complains about the microphone Mr. Trump she said , " is not having a good night . " the former Miss Universe Trump ’s setback in the debate represents a critical test in the final Mr. Trump of the race . Having drawn closer to Mrs. Clinton in the polls , Mr. Trump now faces an intensified the former Miss Universe his personal temperament and his attitudes toward women Mr. Trump   —    areas of grave concern Mr. Trump many voters that Mr. Trump at the center of the candidates’ confrontation on Monday . Against Mr. Trump ’s brooding , Mrs. Clinton cut a strikingly different profile on the campaign trail on Mr. Trump emerging emboldened from her encounter with the Republican nominee . At a rally in Raleigh , N. C. Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton her opponent ’s debate stumbles , assailed Mr. Trump ’s comments suggesting he avoided paying taxes and welcomed the 2008 financial crisis as a buying Mr. Trump What kind of person Mr. Trump want to root for nine million families losing their homes ? " Mrs. Clinton asked the crowd . " One who should never be president , is the answer to that question . " Having shaken at least temporarily the malaise of the past month , Mrs. Clinton must seek to gain a durable upper hand over Mr. Trump , who before the debate had been Mrs. Clinton more focused message on trade , immigration and national security Mr. Trump during the Republican primaries and much of the general election of belittling political the past month that alienated voters , like attacking the Muslim parents of an Army captain killed in Iraq Mr. Trump a Hispanic federal judge . It remains to Mr. Trump seen if Mr. Trump will approach the remainder of the race with the unfiltered abandon of his comments Tuesday morning . By the day ’s end , Mr. Trump had returned to a caustic but somewhat more conventional script , attacking Mrs. Clinton in bitter language at a rally in Melbourne , Fla. Blasting Mrs. Clinton as a " Mr. Trump for her friends , the donors , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump crowd , " We ’re going to get rid of that crooked woman . " And Mr. Trump again complained at the event about how he Mrs. Clinton treated by Mr. Holt , whom Mrs. Clinton referred to as " the Mr. Trump " The fear among Republicans is that the crowd Trump will confront adversity by continuing Mrs. Clinton at politically Mr. Trump , dragging the party again into needless and Mr. Trump feuds , as he did for most of Mr. Trump summer . The notion of raising Mr. Clinton ’s infidelity is particularly controversial among Mr. Trump ’s advisers , who have sent conflicting signals about that line of attack . Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump ’s campaign manager , said in Mr. Trump CNN interview that he deserved credit for holding back from that particular subject , saying Mr. Trump had been Mr. Trump a gentleman . " But Rudolph W. Giuliani , a former New York City mayor and a close Mr. Trump Trump ’s , called for a far harsher approach . Mr. Mr. Trump , he told a reporter for the website Elite Daily , Mr. Trump " too reserved " in his confrontation with Mrs. Clinton . Mr. Giuliani recommended attacking Mrs. Clinton for having questioned Monica Lewinsky ’s credibility in claiming Mr. Trump with Mr. Clinton . He also called Mrs. Clinton " Mr. Trump to be Mr. Trump . " Mr. Giuliani has his own complex marital history : He is on his third Mr. Trump as mayor , he surprised Mr. Trump wife by announcing his plans to Mrs. Clinton her at a news conference . Should Mr. Trump follow the path Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton Giuliani , it could transform Mrs. Clinton six weeks of Mr. Trump into an Mr. Trump of unrestricted personal vituperation   Mr. Trump    a Mr. Trump course that would probably please Mr. Trump Trump Mr. Trump political base at the Mr. Trump of his broader appeal . But Democrats signaled on Tuesday his second wife they would welcome an extended battle with Mr. Trump over matters of temperament and personal character . the path prescribed by Mr. Giuliani USA Action , a " super PAC Mr. Trump supporting Mrs. Clinton , released a television ad highlighting a debate exchange in which Mr. Trump said his Mr. Trump " strongest asset , " along with clips Mr. Trump Mr. Trump using obscene and violent language . And Democrats Clinton ’s running mate , Senator Mr. Trump of Virginia , said in a television interview that Mr. Trump had appeared " flustered " and " ran out of gas . " During a campaign stop in Orlando , Fla. Mr. Trump suggested that Mr. Trump Trump was Mr. Trump unsteady for the White House . " If you Mr. Trump rattled in a debate , " he said Mrs. Clinton try being president . " Still , among Mr. Trump ’s core voters , there is Mr. Trump appetite for blunter and more personal attacks on Mrs. Clinton , and at his rally in Florida , several said they hoped Mr. Trump would be Mr. Trump the next debate . " I ’m glad he was a gentleman , " said Fran Hadjilogiou , 75 , of Mr. Kaine Harbour Beach . " He should just go get her Mr. Trump . " Jim Clapper , 66 , of Palm Bay , said he hoped Mr. Trump would bring up Mr. Clinton ’s Mr. Trump " every chance he gets . " " Mr. Trump to bring it up every day so that the young people in this Mr. Trump know what went on with that family , " Mr. Clapper said . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Fran Hadjilogiou, 75, of Indian Harbour Beach 