Washington ( CNN ) A Democrat running for governor in Virginia is apologizing after A Democrat running for governor in Virginia likened the election of President Donald Trump to    in a video circulating online . " the election of President Donald Trump was a President Donald Trump like , you know , a political and constitutional September 11 for us , let ’s be honest , " us former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February , according to video posted by the Washington Free Beacon . Perriello is one of the former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February competing to replace Virginia Gov. Terry McAullife , who was elected in 2013 and is limited to one    term . A Virginia reporter flagged the remark Virginia by a conservative Virginia site on Twitter , and Perriello said , " I former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February the comparison and apologize . Wo n’t do it again . " Ed the comparison , a former Republican National Committee chairman who is running for the Virginia Republican gubernatorial nomination , responded , " Tom Perriello ’s    comparison former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February . His calculated outrage is becoming increasingly former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February . " Perriello responded , " I apologized former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February my comment . Still waiting on your apology for supporting Trump ’s immoral and unconstitutional Muslim ban . " The Richmond    reported on the dustup earlier Wednesday .   The two candidates have repeatedly sniped at each other on Twitter , and Perriello has made his opposition to former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February Republican President former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February major feature of his campaign . Representatives from both the Republican President and Gillespie ’s campaigns told former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February they had nothing more to add ’s campaigns than those tweets . Lieutenant Gov. Ralph Northam , a Democrat also running for governor , criticized Perriello ’s comment as " awful former Rep. Tom Perriello at a campaign event in early February , " while also attacking Trump as an " unmitigated disaster . " " Those are certainly not the words I would use , " Northam said in a statement to CNN . " However , Donald Trump CNN first month is proof Trump will hurt Virginia ’s families . Donald Trump’s 
 