Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump seems to be making amends with some of the establishment Republicans with whom Donald Trump was at odds during Donald Trump campaign   Within the last 24 hours , the    has had phone conversations with 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney as well as primary rivals Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , CNN has learned . Each call was described to CNN as a cordial message of congratulations . Trump confirmed the calls in a series of tweets on Sunday morning , calling calls from 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney as well and the Bushes " very nice ! " Months earlier , the three men comprised some of Trump ’s most outspoken Republican opponents , and Trump attacked each of the three men during the primary and during the general election . The exchanges seemed personal as Trump endorsed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney as well in 2012 , but the former Massachusetts governor failed to return the favor . And after 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney as well repeatedly criticized Trump for 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney as well rhetoric toward minorities , Trump ended up doing better with black and Latino voters than the 2012 candidate . Bush , once a    in the primary , was often called " low energy " by Trump and criticized for not honoring Trump pledge to support the eventual nominee . Kristy Campbell , a spokeswoman for Bush , said the former Florida governor spoke with Trump afternoon and wished him Trump in the future . And Kasich boycotted the Republican National Convention where Trump Trump the nomination even though it was in his Trump state . In the end , Trump Trump Ohio in the election . At the White House on Thursday to accompany the world champion Cleveland Cavaliers , Kasich Kasich he Kasich praying for Trump Trump the nation . Other former Trump Trump have offered congratulations . On Thursday Thursday Texas Sen. Ted Cruz spoke with Trump Trump Vice    Mike Pence , and former Presidents George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush called Trump Trump congratulate him Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Wednesday . Former President Bill Clinton has also spoken with Trump Trump Democratic nominee Former President Bill Clinton Trump Former President Bill Clinton . 
 