  ( CNN ) James Comey ’s    opening statement in advance of James Comey testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee Thursday about James Comey relationship with Donald Trump in the months before the president fired James Comey as FBI director reads like a novel .   It ’s the sort of document that will go down in the annals of political history     a sweeping condemnation of Donald Trump conduct in regard to both Comey and the ongoing federal investigation into fired national security adviser Michael Flynn . ( You can read the whole thing here or my analysis of the whole thing here . ) But , there ’s one exchange between the two men in the testimony that stood out to me as a perfect encapsulation of how radically different they the two men in the testimony that stood out to me as a perfect encapsulation of how radically different they are . Here it is in its it : " Near the end of our dinner , the President returned to the subject of my job , saying he the President very glad I wanted to stay , adding that he the President heard great things about me me Jim Mattis , Jeff Sessions , and many others . He the President said , ’I need loyalty.’ I replied , ’You will always get honesty from me.’ He ’You and then said , ’That ’s what I want , honest loyalty.’ loyalty.’ , and then said , ’You will ’You that from me.’ As me.’ wrote in the memo I created immediately after the dinner , it is possible we understood the phrase ’honest loyalty’ differently , but I decided it would the phrase ’honest loyalty’ be productive to push it further the phrase ’honest loyalty’ The term     honest loyalty     had helped end a very awkward conversation and my explanations had made clear what he should The term    honest loyalty     . " Talk about two ships passing in the night . Trump , aggressive and oblivious to the rules of engagement , making a direct pitch to the FBI director for loyalty     and suggesting strongly that his future the FBI director depended on the answer . Comey , all nerdy bureaucrat well aware of the lines being crossed , insisting all he could The term    honest loyalty     Trump was his honesty The term    honest loyalty     Trump , a dealmaker used to always getting his way The term    honest loyalty     hearing what he wants The term    honest loyalty     hear and deciding the    phrase " honest loyalty " means Comey is The term    honest loyalty     with the deal . Comey , The term    honest loyalty     he was The term    honest loyalty     good with any sort of deal , says nothing to " end a very awkward conversation . " And , scene .   Everything you need to know about the two men is contained in that single exchange . Everything . As is all the evidence you need to understand why they would never have any sort of working relationship . And why this was always fated to end badly . 
 