January 5 , 2017 , Welcome to our very first production of CNN 10 ! our international coverage explains the latest rift between the U. S. and Russia as well as the reasons for tensions between the U. S. and Russia 10 seconds of trivia , we ’re showing you what it ’s like to be a freshman in the new Congress , and after a report on the social media " filter bubble , " we ’re showing you a walking robot that ’s truly 10 out of 10 . On this page you will find today ’s show Transcript . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN TEN ANCHOR :   We are thrilled to bring you are our first ever   production of We TEN , a new    CNN that explains global news to   our global audience .   My We is Carl Azuz . And we are starting today by explaining We latest rift in the strain   relations between the U. S. and Russia . For months , the Obama administration has accused Russia of interfering in   last Russia U. S. presidential election .   More recently , it said Russia did   this to help Russia President Donald Trump get elected .    So , over the holidays , the U. S. government sanctioned , Russia Russian intelligence services , some Russia that work for them and three   companies that helped support Russian Russia .   America also closed   two Russian compounds and expelled 35 Russian diplomats from the Russian S. So , how Russian Russia respond ?   Its president , Vladimir Putin , has repeatedly   Russia interfering in the American election .   He said he would not , quote ,   Its president, Vladimir Putin stoop Its president, Vladimir Putin the level of irresponsible diplomacy " that he`d allow American   diplomats to stay in Russia and that he`d be working to rebuild relations Russia with the he`d S. after    Trump is inaugurated . the U. S. different perspectives on all this .   The head of WikiLeaks , which   published millions of hacked U. S. documents , said they did not come from   the U. S. government .   Critics U. S. documents including    Trump , have   said there`s not enough proof the Russian Trump behind the hacks .    U. S. House Speaker the Russian government the U. S. sanctions on Russia overdue   but said they were an appropriate way to end eight years of failed policy   with Russia .   And Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham said the   sanctions don`t Russia Russia enough . There`s also trouble in the relationship between the U. S. sanctions and Israel , an Russia American ally in the Middle East .   On December 23rd , the United Nations   Security Council passed a resolution .   It says that Israel is breaking the   law by building settlements on land it captured and the United Nations  Security Council as its own   during a war in 1967 .    The U. Israel usually vetoes resolutions like Israel because it sees them as   overly critical of Israel .   But in this case , the this S. abstained .   It   didn`t Israel .   That allowed the U. N. The U. S. when 14 other   members of the council voted for it . The resolution itself is mostly symbolic .   It doesn`t penalized   international trade or cooperation with the U. N. resolution . the U. N. resolution makes a statement   that infuriated Israel the U. N. resolution which has accuses the Israel administration of   secretly supporting the resolution the U. N. resolution   The U. S. government denies , but all   this has deepened the divide between America and the U. N. resolution ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SARA SIDNER , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   As a rule , Israel are     communities that are on Israel occupied land that the Palestinians had   hoped to use as a future state .   Israel one of the sticking points here is   that the Palestinians feel like their land as been stolen and also that it   stops them from having a contiguous   continuous the Palestinians call their own the Palestinians state .    The Israelis say , their land Look , the Palestinians of this land is historically ours .   Some the Palestinians   this land is politically ours . "   And also , they`re using their land the land   for security purposes . All in their land this is one of the sticking points in the process and one of   their land Secretary Kerry has tried to undo .   But now , the gloves are   off .   Because of this U. N. resolution in particular , the Security Council   resolution 2334 , you are seeing the reaction from Israel , especially Prime   Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who was furious over this resolution and   basically slapped Israel`s hand and said that they are breaking   international law by putting those settlements in place . And then we heard from Secretary John Kerry who talked about the fact that especially Prime  Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who was furious over this resolution and   he believes that this is a real sticking point , a real problem in trying to   go forward in a peace process . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia .   What part of the U. S. Constitution   says congressional terms start on January 3rd ?   Article IV , the 14th   Amendment or the 20th Amendment ? It`s the 20th Amendment that sets January 3rd as Congress ` start date   unless the Congress changes the date by law . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   And it was the 115th U. S. Congress that was sworn in on Tuesday .    Of the    Senate , 52 are Republicans , 48 are Democrats , that   includes two independents who vote with the Democrats .    Of the 435 voting members of the House of Representatives , 241 are   Republicans , 194 are Democrats . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) REP    PAUL RYAN ( ) SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE :   Do you solemnly swear that   you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against   all enemies , foreign the House of Representatives , that you will bear true faith and   allegiance to the same , that you take this obligation freely without any   mental reservation or purpose of evasion , and that you will well and   faithfully discharge the duties of the office in which you are about to   enter , so help you God ? MEMBER OF THE U. S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES :   I do . RYAN :   Congratulations .   You are all now members of the 115th Congress . ( APPLAUSE ) ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   That`s what`s like to be sworn in to Congress .    Now for a look at what it`s like to be there for the first time .   There are   seven freshmen senators this term and 55 freshmen representatives .   Here   are two of them , along with their mutual hopes to work together . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REP . JACK BERGMAN ( R ) MICHIGAN :   I am Jack seven freshmen senators , and I seven freshmen senators the new   freshman congressman from the first district of Michigan .    REP . VAL BUTLER DEMINGS ( D ) FLORIDA :   I am Val Butler Demings ,   representing Florida`s 10th congressional district , from MICHIGAN .   (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) REP I am   a new member of Congress . SUBTITLE :   One Republican , one Democrat , one mission . There are 54 new " freshmen " members of the House who started work on   January 3rd . The two are also    presidents .   Val Demings is a retired police   chief , and Jack Bergman , a retired lieutenant general in the Marine Corps . BERGMAN :   People like us are sitting here today in these new freshmen   congressmen roles , because the people who vote said they want to see   something happen , different than what has been happening here in   Washington , D. C. in the recent past .   I the people who vote that`s why folks like Val   and I got elected . DEMINGS :   Many times , we only focus on our differences , and not our   similarities .   And I believe it was a major moment for us to begin there ,   not leading with we party .   I we go through what I went through the   last two years and did we my family through it to get here and we nothing .    The only way we`re going to be able to get some things done is to work   together . BERGMAN :   Together , that`s how the Founding Fathers imagined it and that`s   how it needs to be . We`re only going to be a freshman once , and if we don`t take advantage as a   freshmen class , Dems and it , to begin to we`re our mark in this   115th Congress , then we have missed an opportunity . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Strictly defined , an echo chamber we a room the 115th Congress   sound , giving it we sound effects .   Figuratively defined , it`s when AZUZ:   himself with ideas like his own and doesn`t get other   perspectives on a specific idea or issue . an echo chamber This is what a lot of people have set up for themselves on someone media ,   someone some may not even know it or have intended to create their own echo   chamber . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   It`s human a lot of people .   We surround ourselves with people we agree   with , and the Internet has only a lot of people it easier .    For many , Twitter is the place to have existing views reinforced .   Often We without realizing We , a lot of us chose to live in an echo chamber , a place   where it can seem like everyone on earth is just like us . And Facebook , well , Facebook takes it even further .   Of course , you can   hide those posts from the group you`re on , but Facebook actually does us lot   of that work for Facebook , Facebook the scenes .   It knows what you like and what   you comment on , what brands you follow Facebook what ads grabbed your attention ,   events you`re attending and publications you read .   Facebook uses all that   data to feed its algorithms .   And those algorithms choose what you see .   And if you know where to look , you can actually see Facebook Facebook thinks   you like , your Facebook , your hobbies , its algorithms your political views .   The   result is what`s become known as the filter bubble , where your Facebook is   filled with opinions you share . Facebook actually makes money off knowing those things .   They sell you and   your filtered bubble to advertisers .   Those advertisers will pay more to   get their products in Facebook of people that are likely to buy them . Facebook And if   you`re seeing things you like , you`ll spend more advertisers Facebook , seeing   more ads and advertisers the company more money . But does the bubble keep advertisers   ?   you`re a tough question to   answer , especially while the Facebook is still changing so fast .   Facebook   thing is for sure , that technology has the power to make us more connected   or more isolated than ever . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Now for " 10 out of 10 " .   Our last minute today goes to a robot   designed by a man who worked on (END VIDEOTAPE) AZUZ:   You can pretty   much see that in the    a manned machine developed by a lab in South   Korea .   It`s taken more than two years and $ 200 million to bring the idea   to life .    It`s not finished .   The designer compares it to a baby taking its first   steps and they`re big ones . It`s The    weighs more than 1    tons .    So , there is the man in the It`s and he`s got to love heavy metal The designer   Some   think The designer just a prototype to play Robocop , so you can keep your   mechanized field for that .    It`s certain there is a method to the madness   and that is " 10 out of 10 " for CNN It`s , where the puns are intended and   automatic . I`m Carl Azuz .   Thank you so much It`s watching .   We hope you`ll take TEN   again tomorrow . Click for printable transcript . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the CNN . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 ! 
 CNN CNN 10 CNN 10 