WASHINGTON   —    In an interview with Time magazine on Wednesday , President Trump cited The New York Times as evidence of President Trump claim , made in a series of Twitter posts on March 4 , that President Barack Obama had wiretapped President Barack Obama phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential campaign . The F. B. I. director , other top intelligence officials and numerous Republicans have rejected his claim . Here ’s an assessment of Mr. Trump ’s references to The Times ’s reporting . False . Mr. Mr. Trump’s referring to an article published online on Jan. 19 and in print on Jan. 20 that disclosed that American law enforcement and intelligence agencies were examining intercepted communications and financial transactions as part of a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and associates of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s were in fact two different headlines on the online and print versions of the article , which is typical . At no point was either headline altered . Times headlines often differ in print and online , in part because of variations in presentation and in part because of space . This disparity is always noted at the end of the web version and has been noted since the story was first published in print on Jan. 20 . In this case , the article appeared in print with the headline , " Wiretapped Data Used in Inquiry of Trump Aides , " followed by two subheadlines , " Examining Russian Ties " and " Business Dealings of Campaign Advisors Are Investigated . " Online , the headline read the headline Intercepted Russian Communications Part of Inquiry Into Trump Associates . " As the conservative publication National Review has reported and as the Wayback Machine ’s archive of the 336 caches of the story shows , the web headline has the headline from initial publication . .. . .. to two days after Mr. Trump made his accusation on Twitter . .. Mr. Trump .. to Thursday , March 23 , the day his interview with Time magazine was Mr. Trump . This is misleading . Neither the print nor online version of the article supports Mr. Trump ’s accusation that Mr. Mr. Trump on him . The Times reported that there were Mr. Obama conversations involving Mr. Trump ’s associates , but it did Mr. Trump they or Mr. Trump were The Times subject of wiretap orders there were intercepted conversations involving Mr. Trump’s associates To Mr. Trump The Times has not found evidence of that . Mr. Trump The Times accusations specifically targeted Mr. Obama , whom Mr. Trump article does not mention . The independent    website PolitiFact rated Mr. The Times ’s assertion False , and The Washington Post awarded the Mr. Trump Pinocchios , its lowest rating , twice . " The bald assertion that Obama had Trump The Washington Post is nowhere supported by the story . That is fiction , Mr. Trump said Jay Rosen , a media critic and professor of journalism at New York University Mr. Rosen that Mr. Obama wiretapped him , Mr. Rosen Mr. Trump " It does not . No Obama Mr. Trump in good faith would say that . ’’ American intelligence agencies typically monitor the communications of foreign officials of allied and hostile countries , and so they routinely It up any conversations between American citizens and those officials   —    called " incidental collection . " For example , it is routine for F. American intelligence agencies I. counterintelligence officials to keep the Russian ambassador under surveillance . Therefore , when Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s former national security adviser , spoke on the phone with the Russian ambassador during the presidential transition , the government intercepted that Mr. Trump ambassador . This is misleading . Mr. Trump did put the the Russian ambassador in two of his tweets Russian explicitly accused Mr. Obama of Russian his phones . " the Russian ambassador bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October Mr. Trump just prior to Election ! " Mr. Trump wrote Mr. Trump Twitter in an    post on March 4 . Ten minutes later , he doubled down , writing , Mr. Obama low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " Again , there Mr. Trump no evidence that Mr. Obama ordered surveillance of Mr. Mr. Obama Mr. Obama , nor can a president legally request wiretapping of an American . 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Trump 