  ( CNN ) On Monday evening , the eyes of the world turn to Hofstra University for the    presidential debate between a male and female candidate . Despite the novel circumstances , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will be dodging a minefield of familiar gender pitfalls and double standards . Throughout the 2016 primary , gender stereotypes were on full display . In the Flint , Michigan debate , Bernie Sanders uttered four words to Hillary Clinton that lit up the headlines the following morning : " Excuse me , I ’m talking ! " The New York Post ’s headline   was emblematic of the next day ’s coverage : " ’Excuse me ! ’ : Bernie Sanders snaps at Hillary during debate . " These words , however , were not new to a primary debate . In fact , Hillary Clinton said " excuse me " to Bernie Sanders three times in the Miami debate three days later , and the press did not take notice .   A perusal of the 2016 primary debate transcripts shows that " excuse me " has been leveled in a caustic manner 22 times . Nevertheless , outside of the time a male directed it to a female , the " excuse me " interjection never graced a single headline . Perhaps this was because Bernie Sanders played directly into the hand of the " aggressive male " stereotype . A deeper walk through political debate history suggests a long history of both male and female gender stereotyping . In 1984 , Geraldine Ferraro made history by participating in the first     vice presidential debate against George H. W. Bush . What should have been a groundbreaking moment for gender equality in politics became a forum for old gender expectations .    During a foreign policy discussion , George H. W. Bush lectured Geraldine Ferraro , saying , " Let me help you understand , Geraldine Ferraro , " to which Ferraro Geraldine Ferraro , " I almost resent , Vice President Bush , your patronizing attitude that you have to teach me about foreign policy . "    This exchange framed the ensuing media narrative of " Bush George H. W. Bush a bully . " The Daily Pennsylvanian dubbed Bush George H. W. Bush debating style as " unexpectedly aggressive . " Boston Globe columnist Ellen Goodman described Bush George H. W. Bush " shrill , strident and hysterical , " claiming that he Boston Globe columnist Ellen Goodman a lesson in " lethal chivalry " when he Boston Globe columnist Ellen Goodman to come to Ferraro ’s aid " as if he Boston Globe columnist Ellen Goodman giving the lady a hand into the car . "   NBC ’s " Today Show " followed suit , calling Bush George H. W. Bush a very intense man . "    nearly two decades and the gender pitfalls for male candidates were still alive and well at the September 13 , 2000 , New York Senate Debate between Rick Lazio and then first lady Hillary Clinton .    The moment came when Lazio Rick Lazio from behind his Rick Lazio and confronted Clinton Hillary Clinton a pledge to ban soft money from the campaign . Nick Baumann and Patrick Caldwell at Mother Jones set the scene : " Clinton Hillary Clinton tried to shake Lazio Rick Lazio as he towered Hillary Clinton her , Hillary Clinton finger Hillary Clinton in her face Hillary Clinton " The towering image was accompanied by a testy exchange , where Lazio said Rick Lazio " Right here . Right here . Sign it right now . I want everyone to see your signature . .. Why do n’t you show some leadership ? Because it goes it trust and character . "    The Washington Post lists the moment as one of the " worst debate moments ever , " saying " Lazio came Rick Lazio as bullying and inappropriate . " Indeed , that was the media narrative that followed .   In the aftermath of the debate , Clinton veteran Howard Wolfson described Lazio as Rick Lazio menacing , " and her aide Clinton Lewis called Lazio " Rick Lazio insulting . "   The media latched on to the Clinton campaign Clinton . Baumann and Caldwell write : " ’In Your Face,’ proclaimed a headline in the Daily News . Jon Stewart titled his segment Jon Stewart the debate ’Rodham ’N Creep.’ Eventually , the Clinton campaign Clinton depiction became the dominant assessment . Lazio was Rick Lazio Vader with dimples,’ Gail Collins wrote in the New York Times later that week . "   Clinton herself Clinton the narrative . When asked about the encounter , she commented : Clinton The thing that probably prepared me best in dealing with things like that was having two younger brothers . " Clinton went on Clinton win the New York Senate race by double digits , and Lazio now admits the pledge was a mistake : " On substance , it was right the pledge and on style and perception , it was a mistake , which I regret . " Unlike the Bush , Lazio , Sanders Lazio , where a male stereotype was at work , the narrative with regard to Sarah    Biden centered around a female stereotype ( Palin was charming but naïve ) .    In a book about    politics , Kristina Sheeler and Karrin Anderson detail the    backlash aimed at Palin . Andrea Palin of NBC suggested that Palin " tried Palin charm her way through Palin hour and a half . " The Washington Post claimed , " She twinkled and Palin and piled on the perkiness . .. " while   the New York Times’ Alessandra Stanley characterized Palin as " Palin little sister who knows her older brother Palin not hit back . "   In Time magazine , Joe Klein recalled , " the first words out of her mouth [ Palin ] ’Go to a kids’ soccer game . .. ’ . " He continued , Joe Klein She had that Palin thing down —   although I did notice . .. that when she tried to Palin cutesy with her folksiness , Palin did n’t that folksy thing . " New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd even resorted to characterizing Palin as various types of Barbies     " Caribous Barbie " and " Valentino Barbie . " The Palin example suggests Palin candidates are not permitted to be " too feminine . " Like Palin , Clinton Palin an expectation , one where she is expected Clinton toe the line between firmness and femininity .   History suggests that opposite gender debates , unfortunately , are accompanied by a host of expectations . Each candidate must tread carefully or risk running afoul of the gender stereotype they are subconsciously Each candidate to conform to . Clinton and Trump Clinton would be wise to let the past guide their future . Clinton and Trump both 