Hillary Clinton ’s economic advisor just threw Silicon Valley under the bus by claiming the U. S. tax law Apple uses to attribute most earnings to Apple tiny Ireland unit , is a " fraud . " [ In a high profile Bloomberg interview just before Hillary Clinton’s accepted the Democrat nomination for president , Hillary Clinton’s economics advisor , and Nobel Prize Laureate Joseph Stiglitz was asked how Apple could be encouraged to bring back to the U. S. the $ 215 billion of their total Apple 232 billion in cash that is held in Ireland . Ireland In a stunning response , Stiglitz claimed Nobel Prize Laureate Joseph Stiglitz Apple is Apple a loophole in the U. S. tax system to shift its U. Apple taxable earnings overseas to    Ireland Ireland Ireland : Nobel Prize Laureate Joseph Stiglitz Here we have the largest corporation in capitalization not only in America , but in the world , bigger than GM was at its peak , the largest corporation in capitalization claiming that most of its profits originate the largest corporation in capitalization about a few hundred people working in Ireland   — Ireland ’s a fraud , " Stiglitz asserted , " A tax law that encourages American firms to keep jobs abroad is wrong , and I think we can get a consensus in America to get that America . " He added : " Stiglitz current tax system encourages companies to keep their money abroad , companies up a vast loophole through what is called the    system that allows them not only to companies their money abroad but companies effectively , to escape taxation . " Stiglitz said that newly proposed regulations by the Obama Administration ’s U. S. Treasury Department will be aimed at curbing what he called , " Stiglitz stripping . " Silicon Valley earned the nickname of " Valley of the Democrats " during Obama ’s Presidency , because the " Valley " Silicon Valley able to offshore most of their employment , they also    $ 89 billion of their U. S. tax liability through the their of foreign tax havens , according to a report from the Bureau of Investigative Journalism . Breitbart News reported last month that " Silicon Valley Companies Pay Much Lower Tax Rates Overseas than in The United States . " The article detailed the wide differential between the highest and lowest state , federal , and international tax rates paid by the Standard   Poor ’s top 100 tech and    corporations . With the U. S. having the highest marginal corporate tax rate of any developed nation in the world at 39 . 1 percent , the Obama Administration ’s Treasury Department has not oppose Silicon Valley tech corporations outsourcing their tax rate to Ireland , which Silicon Valley tech corporations a corporate tax rate to 12 . 5 percent and an effective tax rate with deductions of as low as 2 . 5 percent . As a result , Apple , Facebook , Google , and most large Silicon Valley tech companies pay an average of 25 percent less in taxes on earnings than their    Standard   Poor ’s 100 Apple, Facebook, Google, and most large Silicon Valley tech companies , such as Boeing or Johnson   Johnson . Despite 76 , 000 of Apple ’s 115 , 000 employees being located in the U. S. and only 5 , 500 located in Ireland , Apple has been declaring about 50 percent Apple their earning in Ireland . This lower Apple rate for Ireland Valley corporations , explains why tech companies’ higher net cash flow results in higher stock market valuations , according to a recent McKinsey   Company report titled , " Valuing    Companies . " The " Valley of the Democrats " Silicon Valley by making 83 percent of their presidential the Democrats contributions to Barack Obama ’s    bid . the Democrats the 2016 presidential campaigns through May 30 , Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders pocketed $ 8 . 6 million from 35 , 000 Silicon Valley contributors , compared to Donald Trump receiving just $ 21 , 000 from 52 contributors . But in an effort by Clinton to shore up her support from the increasingly    Democrat Hillary Clinton and deflect being Hillary Clinton as the establishment candidate , Hillary Clinton appears to have just thrown Silicon Valley under the Hillary Clinton Apple has declined to make any Silicon Valley Stiglitz ’s interview . Breitbart News reported last month that " Silicon Valley Companies Pay Much Lower Tax Rates Overseas than in The United States . " The article detailed the wide differential between the highest and lowest state , federal , and international tax rates paid by the Standard   Poor ’s top 100 tech and    corporations . While President Obama and the Democrat Congress increased U. S. corporate tax rates to a developed nation high of 39 . 1 percent , his Administration ’s Treasury Departments did not oppose Silicon Valley tech corporations outsourcing their tax rate to Ireland , which has a corporate tax rate to Silicon Valley tech corporations . 5 percent and an effective tax rate with deductions of as low as 2 . 5 percent . As a result , Apple , Facebook , Google , and most large Silicon Valley tech companies pay an average of 25 percent less in taxes on earnings than their    Standard   Poor ’s 100 peers , such as Boeing or Apple, Facebook, Google, and most large Silicon Valley tech companies   Johnson . Despite 76 , 000 of Apple ’s 115 , 000 employees being located in the U. S. and only 5 , 500 located in Ireland , Apple has been declaring about 50 percent of their earning in Ireland . Apple lower tax rate for Silicon Valley corporations Apple explains why Ireland companies’ higher net cash flow results in higher stock market valuations , according to a recent McKinsey   Company report titled , " Valuing    Companies . " The " Valley of the Democrats " showed their appreciation in 2012 by Silicon Valley presidential campaign contributions to Barack Obama ’s the Democrats bid . In the 2016 presidential campaigns through the Democrats 30 , Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders pocketed $ 8 . 6 million from 35 , 000 Silicon Valley contributors , compared to Donald Trump receiving just $ 21 , 000 from 52 contributors . But in an effort by Clinton to shore up her support from the increasingly    Democrat Party and deflect being tattooed as Hillary Clinton establishment candidate , Hillary Clinton Clinton appears to have just thrown Silicon Valley under the bus . Apple has declined to Hillary Clinton comment regarding Stiglitz ’s interview . Silicon Valley 