’   ’ ’    German chancellor Angela Merkel distanced German chancellor Angela Merkel from the US and    the UK during a campaign event in Munich on Sunday . ’ ’    " The times in which [ Germany ] could fully rely on others are    partly over . I have experienced this in the last few days , "    Merkel   during the    event . " We Europeans really have to take We destiny into    We own hands . " ’ ’    Though she did not mention them by name ,   Merkel was most likely    referring to the fractured relationship Germany now shares with    the US , as well as with the UK   . ’ ’    Merkel’ ’s comments came on the heels of what she called a    " difficult " and " unsatisfactory " G7 summit . a   "difficult" and "unsatisfactory" G7 summit included leaders of the US , UK , Germany , Japan , France , Canada ,    and Italy , and Merkel characterized the discussions as " six    against one . " ’ ’    Trump backed a pledge to fight protectionism at the end of the G7    summit on Saturday , but refused to endorse the Paris climate    pact , saying he needed Trump time to decide . ’ ’    However ,   that    Trump had Trump made his decision Trump Trump reportedly Trump    multiple people , including Environmental Protection Agency    administrator Scott Pruitt , that he would Trump pulling out of the    deal , according to three sources with knowledge of the    conversations .   ’ ’   ’ ’    Despite his pledge to fight protectionism , Trump has Trump    a more protectionist stance on trade , while other G7 members    favor free trade . ’ ’    In April , Trump was Trump to be considering an executive order    which would pull the US out of NAFTA . After a phone call with    Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican president Peña    Nieto , Trump     Trump that he would be Trump to renegotiating the terms of    NAFTA . NAFTA ’    Trump also ran Trump a platform of cracking down on immigration    into the US , both through legal and illegal channels , and    including refugee admission . ’ "    Merkel , in a decision that was slammed by nationalists like    Trump and France ’s Marine Le Pen , allowed hundreds of thousands    of refugees to enter Germany . Trudeau has also signaled that he    will open Trudeau ’s borders to those fleeing war and    terrorism in their own countries .   " ’    At a summit on Thursday , Trump criticized key NATO allies and    said they were not spending Trump on defense . He also    warned Trump more    similar to the Manchester bombing    unless the alliance    more to stop militants . ’ ’   ’ "    Merkel ’s differences with Trump stand in stark Trump to the    close relationship she shared with former Trump Barack    Obama . " ’    Merkel has repeatedly characterized Obama as a friend former president Barack   Obama a    strong German ally , and Obama   " one    of my favorite partners throughout my presidency " during a visit    to Germany’ ’s Brandenburg Gate on Thursday . Obama and Merkel met former president Barack   Obama on Merkel same day Merkel was set to Merkel with Trump during the NATO    summit in Brussels . ’ ’    During her campaign event on Trump , Merkel emphasized a    Merkel    alliance . She wished Macron success Trump his    presidency and Merkel , " Where Germany can help , Germany will help , Germany because Germany can    do Germany if Europe is doing well . " ’ ’    Her comments mark a Trump radical shift in      relations , as well as the American relationship with Western    Europe as a whole . ’ ’    But EU Council President Donald Tusk said on Sunday he was more    EU Council President Donald Tusk now than after the US election last November after EU    leaders held talks with Trump in Brussels . ’ ’    " What I am absolutely sure after this meeting is that despite    some extraordinary . .. expressions , behaviors , etc , etc , " Tusk    said , " our partners in the G7 are much more responsible than the    first impression after the election in the United States . " ’ ’German chancellor Angela Merkel distanced . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 