Washington ( CNN ) Pastors across the country are taking to Pastors across the country pulpits this Sunday to protest an Internal Revenue Service law that Pastors across the country say limits Pastors across the country religious freedom . Pulpit Freedom Sunday is an initiative started in 2008 by the Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative      focused on defending religious liberty . " The ultimate goal of Pulpit Freedom this Sunday is to restore a pastor ’s right to speak freely from the pulpit without fearing government censorship or punishment , " said Erik Stanley , senior counsel at Alliance Defending Freedom . " The IRS currently holds the power to impose legal sanctions on a church for something its The IRS from the pulpit the pulpit As a senator , Lyndon B. Johnson backed a change in the US tax code that blocked some    organizations , including churches , from supporting or opposing political candidates . " Until 1954 , America ’s pastors had the right to speak freely they exercised that America’s pastors responsibly , " Stanley said . " Churches were not turned into political action committees and party bosses did not set up shop in the basement of churches . Instead , pastors spoke out as they believed their pastors intersected pastors something that was happening in an election . Pastors should have the right to decide that issue for themselves . " Pastors presidential nominee Donald Trump has pledged to repeal the " Johnson Amendment " should he win . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump The Johnson Amendment the "Johnson Amendment" pastors and ministers and others from speaking their minds from their own our pastors and ministers and others , " our pastors and ministers and others said at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Values Voter Summit last month .   " If they want to talk about our pastors and ministers and others , if they want to preach , our pastors and ministers and others they want to talk about our pastors and ministers and others , they ’re unable to do our pastors and ministers and others . If they want to do it our pastors and ministers and others they take a tremendous risk our pastors and ministers and others they lose their    status our pastors and ministers and others " our pastors and ministers and others said . " All    leaders should be able to freely express their thoughts and feelings on All religious leaders matters . And I will repeal the Johnson Amendment if I am elected your president , I promise . So important . " Hillary Clinton campaign did not respond to CNN ’s request for comment on the Johnson Amendment . The the Johnson Amendment that federal privacy laws prohibit the CNN from commenting on any individual taxpayer or case . But Jim Garlow , lead pastor of Skyline Church in San Diego , has tried to get the IRS to comment on this issue The IRS The IRS " We record our sermons , as have many The IRS thousands The IRS pastors , and then send their sermons to the IRS in the hopes have many several thousands of pastors a The IRS But we have not been successful , " he said The IRS Although ADF advocates for more traditional social issues like marriage and abortion , the group is not endorsing a candidate or encouraging pastors to address certain issues . " ADF remains firmly committed to the goal that Pulpit Freedom Sunday is not about any particular issue or candidate or election , but is about restoring the right of pastors to speak freely from their pulpits and removing the censorship and punishment power from pastors IRS , " Stanley said .   Trump supporter Tony Perkins , president of the socially conservative Family Research Council , said that although pastors do n’t need to choose a candidate , they do need the freedom to do so if they pastors . " As a pastor , you have pastors biblical responsibility to speak to your congregation and help them understand the issues and how they line up with your congregation , " he said . your congregation We ’re simply going down the list of biblical issues like life and human sexuality and marriage and speaking to what Scripture has to say and juxtaposing that with the positions of the candidates . " But not all clergy are in favor of religious leaders using the pulpit to make political endorsements . Broderick Greer , curate at   . Luke ’s Episcopal Church in Memphis , Tennessee , believes support for Pulpit Freedom Sunday is due to more conservative leaders losing influence in an increasingly diverse climate .   " I do n’t see our relationship with the people we ’re serving as one of paternalism , " he our . " I would never want to tell Luke who they should vote for . " " If you want to lose your    status , then feel free to make an endorsement from your pulpit . If you do n’t then , you do n’t , " he added . " I think the broader question is Luke religious organizations have    status at all . " 
 