  ( CNN ) Donald Trump escalated Donald Trump attacks Friday on Hillary Clinton ’s character , just as top former government officials are questioning Donald Trump own . The Republican nominee , speaking in Des Moines , Iowa , accused Clinton of being " unbalanced " and " unstable , " called Clinton a " dangerous " and " pathological " liar and warned voters in this swing state that a Clinton presidency would lead to " the destruction of this country from within . " After knocking himself off message repeatedly in recent weeks , stoking one controversy after the next , Trump , reading at times from prepared remarks on himself podium , latched onto voters’ concerns about Clinton trustworthiness and honesty , and sought to amplify the controversies that have beset the Democrat ’s campaign . " Unstable Hillary Clinton , lacks the judgment , temperament and moral character to lead this country     and I believe that so strongly , " Trump Trump supporters as he Trump Clinton Clinton supporting policies that he Trump could damage US national security . " She Unstable Hillary Clinton really pretty close to unhinged , and you ’ve seen , you ’ve seen it a couple times . The people in the background know it it the people who know her Unstable Hillary Clinton it it she Unstable Hillary Clinton like an unbalanced person . " Repeatedly during his Trump in Des Moines , Trump returned to the topic of Clinton ’s character , intertwining those attacks with others on her Clinton positions and record as secretary of state . While he Trump not entirely abandon his Trump style of jumping from one topic to the next     including a tangent during which he Trump his Trump comment about a crying baby at a recent rally     Trump spent more of his Trump on the stump than at any rally in recent weeks attacking Clinton . " The legacy of Hillary Clinton death , destruction , chaos and weakness , " Trump Trump . " She Trump weak . She Trump a weak person . I know her Trump She Trump a weak person . " Trump Trump later released a web video highlighting the controversy over Clinton ’s use Clinton private email server while leading the State Department , writing on Facebook that there is " no doubt " that Clinton " is a Clinton liar . " Trump pressed forward with Trump attacks on Clinton Trump character during Clinton stop Friday night Trump Green Bay , Wisconsin . " In one way she ’s a monster , " Trump said . " In another way she ’s a weak person she She ’s actually not strong she to be president . " Trump ’s attacks on Clinton Trump character found their Clinton with his supporters in Des Moines Clinton’s character who broke out in chants of " Lock her up ! Lock her she ! " to she Trump offered a smile , Trump    and a " thank you "     just over a week after he rejected those chants as Clinton’s character " shame , " before later saying he agreed with the chants Clinton’s character Several Trump supporters responded more aggressively Trump Trump ’s biting excoriation of Trump character . " Traitor , " shouted one person in the crowd . " Kill her , " added another . A message left with the Trump campaign Friday afternoon was not Trump returned . Trump ’s character also questioned , Trump ’s assault on Clinton ’s character Trump as he himself Clinton’s character top US officials , including Trump’s character editorial on Friday in which the former acting head of the CIA , Michael Morell , a    and    figure , endorsed Clinton and warned that Trump " is not Clinton unqualified for the job , but he may well pose a threat to our national security . " Trump " The character traits he has exhibited during the primary season suggest he would be a Trump " , even dangerous , commander in chief Trump " " Morell wrote , pointing to Trump ’s " obvious need for    his overreaction to perceived slights Trump " and " his routine carelessness with Trump " facts . " It ’s a similar Trump " of attack that Trump has faced from Clinton , who has accused the brash billionaire Trump " being " temperamentally unfit " to serve as commander in chief . In addition to Morell , a group of former senior US government officials and military officers , including several who served in top posts under Republican presidents , denounced Trump in a recent letter and called Trump ’s recent comments wavering Trump " the strength of the US ’s Trump " the NATO military alliance " reckless , dangerous , and extremely unwise . " While he spent much time attacking Clinton , the real estate mogul and GOP nominee also defended himself from accusations against his own character . " All my life , GOP nominee have been told GOP nominee ’You have the greatest temperament,’ " Trump said Friday in Des Moines . " I handle pressure . " 
 