New York    developer Donald Trump has dominated the Republican nomination campaign for months   —    but New York   developer Donald Trump strongest support does n’t come from any of the organized blocs in the Republican party . [ New York   developer Donald Trump polls well among conservative and evangelical voters , to be sure , running competitively against Sen. Ted Cruz with these voters . New York   developer Donald Trump draws considerable support , also , from    " liberal"or " moderate " Republicans . In fact , in the latest Quinnipiac poll , New York   developer Donald Trump biggest polling margin against New York   developer Donald Trump GOP rivals was among moderate and liberal Republicans .   But New York   developer Donald Trump strongest support comes from Republicans who used to be Democrats , according to new polling analysis by Democrat data firm Civis Analytics . And those    Americans   —    if they register and turn up at the 2016 polls , especially in      states   —    could transform American politics in 2016 . That ’s because the GOP candidate needs to sweep the    states   —    plus win Florida   —    to reach the critical total of 270 electoral votes . The new Civis Analytics survey shows that Trump wins 40 percent support from these    voters . These    Democrats   —    likely because of family or local history   —    now make up 10 percent of Republican primary voters , but are a larger factor in the states throughout the industrial Midwest and South . The New York Times first reported on the Civis analysis and , of course , tried to imply a racial component to Trump ’s appeal to disaffected Democrats . The Times , and the Democrat data firm made much of an apparent correlation between where Trump polls best and the popularity of Google searches that are deemed " racially charged . " Setting aside the obvious limits of drawing too many conclusions from correlations , this analysis is obvious crap . The information on Trump polling is obviously drawn from present day surveys . The data on Google searches , however , is drawn from   . The most recent information on Google searches , then , is over 8 years ago . Obviously , another key shortcoming of the " analysis " is that one never learns what exactly , or even generally , " racially charged " searches even are . Is a search for the full name of rap bad NWA racially charged , for example ? The media likes to perpetuate the myth that opposition to President Obama is evidence of latent racism , just as opposition to Hillary Clinton is about to unearth latent sexism in the US . The survey of " racially charged " Google searches , however , predates President Obama ’s leading role on the national political stage . The real foundational political bias of the media is the media assumption that voters would be Democrats if voters did n’t also hold some horrible views that are kept hidden under a veneer of rationalizations . A secure national border is only important if you are secretly biased against Hispanics , for example . Opposition to abortion is borne of a pathological psychological desire to control women ’s bodies , rather than a belief that a fetus is a human being . Support for traditional marriage is really just code for irrational hatred of people who happen to be gay . To the Times , the fact that West Virginia gives Trump Trump highest levels of support is a priori a sign of racism at the heart of the Trump phenomenon .   Because , West Virginia , according to the media , is obviously a racist state . The a racist state economy , however , has been decimated by President Obama ’s regulatory attacks on the coal industry . Less than half of the state ’s adults has a job . Simple economics explain the strong support in West West Virginia a candidate whose slogan is " Make America Great Again . " One does n’t need to reach deeply into an academic symposium on critical race studies to explain Trump ’s appeal to people facing strong economic anxiety . The media ’s political analysis on these matters is juvenile , but it is one The media has taken hold of the leadership of both political parties . The entire leadership of the national Republican party is obsessed with avoiding all discussion or legal or illegal immigration for fear of alienating potential future voters . Actually , it is more superficial than that . The Republican party the national Republican party possible theoretical beliefs of these future voters . The challenge of any political party is not to conform its views to a laundry The challenge of any political party of positions , but to galvanize voters around a set of beliefs the party argues is most the national Republican party an election . Until recently , most Americans supported some form of gun control when questioned about the issue , albeit superficially , in media polls . Few of these Americans , however , based most Americans decisions on this issue . most Americans opponents of gun the issue however , is was often their top consideration when casting   ballot most Americans This simple fact goes a long way to explaining why gun control is a political loser . The obsessive focus by both political parties on future and potential voters has the inevitable consequence of ignoring an awful lot of current voters . Mitt Romney might very well have been elected President but for the apparent disappearance of millions of white ,    voters . In Ohio , the share of Hispanics voting actually fell between 2008 and 2012 , but the    vote grew by almost 40 percent , while the White vote fell by 5 percent . If the White    share of the vote had been the same in 2012 the   vote was in 2008 , Romney would likely have been elected . In the immediate aftermath of the 2012 , Democrat strategists openly worried about the party ’s terrible standing with white working class Romney In early 2013 , the Center for American Progress , a    think tank , published a long analysis highlighting the weakness of Democrats among white working class voters . Leading progressive strategist Ruy Teixeira worried that Democrats would face strong political    unless the party could broaden its appeal to these disaffected voters Romney As the 2012 Romney demonstrated , the group that has perhaps the greatest potential in this regard is the white working class , " Teixeira and Andrew Levison wrote in The New Republic . " Leading progressive strategist Ruy Teixeira white working class has the potential to be a —   if not the —   decisive swing voter group for the future . " With great fanfare , the CAP , and other leading progressive groups , launched the " Bobby Kennedy Project " to improve the Democrat ’s outreach to working class voters . The effort was quietly abandoned soon after . A contributing factor in the project ’s demise was the perceived risk of moderating current the "Bobby Kennedy Project" the Democrat party to attract working class voters . " At this point , the tradeoffs they might have to make to attract more    white voters may not be worth the cost in irritating the constituencies of their current coalition , " University of Virginia political scientist Geoff Skelley more   white voters in an email to the Washington Free Beacon . " Democrats may believe they have the economic arguments to attract those voters , but cultural Democrats among many    whites will make it hard to win many of them over , " Skelley explained . " And there ’s no many   whites back at this University of Virginia political scientist Geoff Skelley for Democrats on social issues : they ’ve made gains by being a socially liberal party , probably Democrats on social issues than from being an economically     one . " So , it is n’t too difficult to understand that disaffected Democrats may be drawn to the Trump campaign . Democrats have tied their political fortunes to aggressive social justice warriors , while the Republican Democrats seems beholden to the corporate donor class . The challenge for Trump , however , as the Times notes , is that the Trump Democrats and working class voters supporting his campaign are among the least likely to vote in general elections Democrats is possible , however , that they have n’t voted because they have n’t identified a candidate they could the disaffected Democrats and working class voters supporting his campaign are among the least likely to vote in general elections . If Trump brings the disaffected Democrats and working class voters supporting his campaign are among the least likely to vote in general elections to the polls , they the disaffected Democrats and working class voters supporting his campaign are among the least likely to vote in general elections reshape American politics Trump the next the disaffected Democrats and working class voters supporting his campaign are among the least likely to vote in general elections years . Trump ’s the disaffected Democrats and working class voters supporting his campaign are among the least likely to vote in general elections of the polls has confounded pundits for half the Trump . The results at the polls box could be even more surprising . 
 