Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump long ago earned a reputation for being unpredictable in Donald Trump statements , but Donald Trump outdid Donald Trump on Thursday . In the span of just a few hours , Donald Trump shook international relations by undercutting the Obama administration over a UN resolution on Israeli settlements , indicated Donald Trump would ramp up nuclear competition with Russia and then jolted a major defense contractor     and Donald Trump shareholders     by suggesting Donald Trump would ask Boeing to replace a fighter jet being made by Lockheed Martin . Here ’s a look at Donald Trump day : Israeli settlements , THE TIME : 11:37 a. m. ET , WHAT HAPPENED : Trump pressures the Obama administration to veto a UN Security Council resolution condemning settlement activity , an unprecedented move by a    who has not yet moved into the White House . " The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed , " Trump tweets , linking to a statement .   Egypt delayed the potential vote at the United Nations Security Council , putting off a potential standoff between the US and Israel . Israel Israeli official later tells CNN his country An Israeli official to Trump for help in pressuring the Obama administration . WHAT FOLLOWED : On sensitive issues of diplomacy and national security , Trump has displayed Trump continued willingness to pressure and contradict President Barack Obama , eschewing a " one president at a time " policy that Obama insists must Obama the peaceful transition of power . Nuclear arms , THE TIME : 11:50 a. m. ET , WHAT HAPPENED : Trump threatens a Trump arms race . " The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability The United States such time as the world comes to its senses regarding the world , " Trump tweets . Hours earlier in Moscow , Russian President Vladimir Putin said in a defense speech in Moscow that Russia Moscow to " enhance the combat capability of strategic nuclear forces , primarily by strengthening missile complexes that will be guaranteed to penetrate existing and future missile defense systems . " WHAT FOLLOWED : The exchange appeared to raise the prospect of a new arms race between the US and Russia , which between them boast more the US and Russia 14 , 000 nuclear warheads , the still deadly legacy of their    long the US and Russia War standoff . Boeing vs. Lockheed Martin , THE TIME : 5:26 p. m. ET , WHAT HAPPENED : Trump cost millions in market value to Lockheed Martin and Lockheed Martin of people to now worry they may lose their thousands of people after tweeting thousands of people the Pentagon ’s costly new    Joint Strike Fighter could be replaced with a modified version of a less expensive plane , the     Super Hornet . The    is made by Lockheed Martin , Lockheed Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin is made the    Super Hornet Boeing . " Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin    I Lockheed Martin    a comparable    Super Hornet ! , Boeing Trump tweets . WHAT FOLLOWED : Lockheed Martin ’s Lockheed dipped about 2 % Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin For Lockheed , the Lockheed is its industrial future . Trump ’s tweet has threatened to upend Lockheed the    plans Lockheed his tweets aimed at China has rattled Boeing , which is counting on Trump jets to Chinese airlines . Biden : Clinton never figured out why she was running   For more : Go to CNN Politics 
 Clinton 