Chastened by negative public reaction to his recent comments that " real Christians " do n’t support Donald Trump and " all throughout the South the Evangelicals are not listening to the Evangelicals God , " radio talk show host Glenn Beck is walking back Glenn Beck criticism of Christians who support the New York City billionaire and GOP frontrunner . [ But now Glenn Beck ’s claiming that Sen. Ted Cruz , whom Glenn Beck has endorsed for President , " was anointed for this time . "   On Friday , less than 24 hours after Glenn Beck proclaimed on Glenn Beck television program that " no real Christian says ‘ I want that guy’ " Donald Trump , Beck issued an apology in an article posted on Glenn Beck website . " I ’d like to apologize for any of the comments that I ’ve made that offended anyone ’s religious sensibilities or implied that I thought you were n’t good Christians , " Beck wrote in the article that appears to be an edited version from the transcript of Beck lengthy monologue on Beck radio program Friday . " If that ’s what I had said , but that ’s not what I said , " Beck added as a qualifier to Beck apology . Beck was eager to blame Beck News for Beck    woes . " That ’s what Beck and Drudge and the    Donald Trump media wants you to believe I said , " Beck continued . Beck , however , did not deny the accuracy of the quotes about " real Christians " and   Donald Trump attributed to Beck by numerous media outlets , including : The Blaze ( part of Beck ’s own media company ) " ‘ You ’re Damn Right’ : Beck Slams Religious Trump Backers , Says ‘ No Real Christian’ Would Vote for the New York Mogul " The Hill , " Beck : ‘ No real No Real Christian’ Trump " The Christian Post , " Glenn Beck Evangelical Christians Supporting Trump of ‘   Donald Trump Listening to Their God’ " Breitbart News Evangelical Christians " Robert Jeffress Rebukes Glenn Beck Beck of Southern Evangelicals " International Business Times , " Glenn Beck Says Beck Real Christian’ Should Support Donald Trump " The Washington Times , " Glenn Beck : ‘ Beck Christian’ supports Donald Trump " The Daily Caller , " Beck : ‘ No Real Beck Should Vote For Donald Trump " Newsmax Media , " Glenn Beck : ‘ No Beck Would Vote for Trump " Breitbart News , " Glenn Beck Triples Down : ‘ No Real Christian Says I Want That Guy’ Donald Trump " Instead of disputing the quotes attributed to him by these many media outlets , Beck offered Guy’ Donald Trump" " trust me Beck defense , which specifically referenced the Breitbart article about his criticism of Southern Evangelicals : Here ’s what Guy’ Donald Trump" me : What concerned me was the way this article attempts to characterize what I said and the Breitbart article about his criticism of Southern Evangelicals that I had to step back and rewatch the videos and listen to my comments that I made at campaign rallies over the weekend and make sure that I had n’t said what the article and the comments within the article imply . Beck went on to explain his the Breitbart article about his criticism of Southern Evangelicals the specific mechanism Beck Christians , including those who support Trump , should follow before deciding the candidate for whom they will vote in the 2016 GOP Presidential contest : I whom evangelicals and Christians and Jews and Muslims are in this together , that we all have access to God ’s inspiration . That ’s all I ’m asking for : On this Easter weekend , that you would take the time and ask for God ’s inspiration . Take the time to examine the principles God’s inspiration to your Christian values and principles . Just side by side , the principles , God ’s principles and the candidate ’s principles , without excuses . God’s boldness . Realize where our country is . Realize what ’s at risk in this election if we choose a candidate whose positions seem to be based on anger , hatred , greed . It ’s easy to get caught up in a crowd carrying pitchforks and torches , but look at the records of these men . Listen to the words they use . Look how they live their lives . What they ’ve built . these men they ’ve built it these men And these men ask yourself soberly these men truly , and then these men God ’s It . If having done that , you ’re still confirmed in your choice to support Donald Trump , I ca n’t fault you for that , just like you ca n’t fault me for believing and supporting Ted Cruz . Earlier in the article , Beck said , " I happen to believe that Ted Cruz actually was anointed for this time . " That statement was made as Ted Cruz a comment made to Breitbart News by Dr. Thomas Kidd , a leading academic Ted Cruz on religion in America and Associate Director of the Institute for Studies of Religion at Baylor University : But then he [ Dr. Kidd ] says , ‘ But God has not revealed Ted Cruz as Ted Cruz divinely anointed alternative either.’ To you , Dr. Kidd . To you . To you God has n’t revealed Cruz as divinely anointed . I understand that you And I you God opinion on it Ted Cruz But here ’s mine : I have seen this man ’s life . I that watched this man . I have prayed about this Ted Cruz I have prayed about it by myself Ted Cruz loud , in quiet , with Ted Cruz , with my staff , and I happen Ted Cruz believe that Ted Cruz actually was anointed for this time . Would there not be someone that was in the pool Ted Cruz have the right qualifications for God ? Is he that disinterested in all of us ? Or is it perhaps possible that just like in the Bible , Ted Cruz were raised from birth for a specific time ? Are we that inconsequential , Dr. Kidd ? Are we really not that important enough for him to raise someone up us at this critical juncture ? At least us radio talk show host is publicly Dr. Kidd if Beck ’s outspoken support for Sen. Cruz has become a liability for the presidential campaign of the junior Senator from Texas . During an interview on Friday , Tulsa , Oklahoma radio talk show host Pat Campbell , talking with Dr. Everett Piper , President of Oklahoma Wesleyan University , on his program heard every week day on 1170 AM KFAQ , told his guest , " I ’m of the Dr. Everett Piper, President of Oklahoma Wesleyan University , and I want to see if you ’re in agreement Dr. Everett Piper, President of Oklahoma Wesleyan University me on this , that Beck endorsing Cruz I think , actually is a negative , " adding : I Dr. Everett Piper, President of Oklahoma Wesleyan University Beck is just , I do n’t know what it is , he ’s too obsessed with Donald Trump and Beck ’s almost blinded by that obsession . I think that having Beck go out in places like Utah and Beck about , you know , how the white horse prophecy and Donald Trump these other things out there , presenting Ted Cruz as some sort of savior . I ’m not looking for a savior . I ’ve already got Cruz , thank you very much . " I am looking for somebody to clean up this mess here , and I do believe that Ted Cruz is the best choice out there and I have since he announced he was going to run over a Cruz . But the Beck thing , I think it ’s actually Cruz of Cruz negative than a positive , " Campbell told Piper . " What do you see ? the Beck thing Campbell asked of Piper . " I am an evangelical Christian , therefore Glenn Beck ’s theology and my theology do not Campbell , " Piper answered , adding : There are many theological issues that Glenn Beck would take that I would challenge him on . Piper ever given the opportunity in a debate I would hopefully Glenn Beck cordial and polite discussion with him on Glenn Beck differences rather than theological syncretism . That aside , I agree with , I think , the premise of your Glenn Beck that you just made , and that is Beck , or Breitbart , or you or me , is a distraction . The issue here is n’t what Beck says or Glenn Beck endorsement . And in fact it may be a distraction because of Beck ’s personality and his public persona Glenn Beck But I Glenn Beck not going to allow Beck to become the issue when people ask Glenn Beck evangelicals being faithful Glenn Beck the very Bible that they hold dear . " That Glenn Beck what I The issue here should be doing as a church , " Piper elaborated later in the interview people " Not getting distracted by endorsements by Glenn Beck or challenges by Breitbart or any other people of power or privilege out there that want to distract the discussion and distract Glenn Beck , " he concluded . Other public figures who are supporting Ted Cruz may soon join KFAQ ’s Campbell in questioning whether Glenn Beck ’s endorsement is Glenn Beck negative or a positive for the Cruz campaign .   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) 
 Ted Cruz 