Robertson , joined Fox News ’s Sean Hannity on Thursday to weigh in on the presidential election and discuss why he will be voting for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in November . [ " Sean , I ’ve been watching you and a lot of guys like you , " Robertson told the Fox News host . " Ya’ll are what Fox News political warriors . In my case , my view of it is a little different than yours is . "   " I ’m more into the spiritual part , " the Duck Dynasty star explained . " The issue in America , in my opinion , is much larger than presidents , prime ministers , kings . The issue before us , in my opinion , is a spiritual one . In my opinion , I do n’t think it ’s a political fix . Politicians can help . " Robertson said he had initially backed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , because Robertson is a " strict Constitutionalist " and a " Robertson man " who would use religious values to guide his policy decisions . " But that ’s gone , Robertson they ’re out , " he added : My hope is that Donald Trump   Robertson    I know he has a lot of common sense    …      Donald Trump   I have hope . But you got ta remember something : All men , Sean , are like grass   —    and all their glory , like the flowers of the field . All men, Sean grass withers , the flowers fall , but the word of the Lord stands forever . We have a spiritual problem in America , Sean , that ’s the crux of the All men, Sean said Sean upcoming film Torchbearer   —    directed by Breitbart Executive Chairman Robertson K. Bannon and written by Breitbart Senior West Coast Editor Rebecca Mansour   —    deals " precisely " with America ’s spiritual issues : What ’s happened is , as these America , they remove God as their anchor . They let men determine what ’s these empires , what ’s these empires , what these empires good , what ’s evil , and how much your life is worth . The documentary looks at a historical account , going all the way back thousands of years , and it ’s always the same : Once you remove God , then the The documentary starts . Watch Robertson ’s appearance on Hannity above and the trailer for Torchbearer below : Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum . 
 