’’ "   mogul Donald Trump opened mogul Donald Trump    rally by blasting the Obama administration ’s approach to Iran and the Islamic State terrorist group . " ’"I’’m pretty good at signals , and I see a lot of things happening , " mogul Donald Trump said at a campaign stop in Biloxi , Mississippi.’ ’The Republican presidential    pointed to Iranian protesters ransacking the Saudi Embassy in Tehran   after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shiite cleric.’ ’"One thing I see out there just happened today in Tehran , " Trump said . " They’’re burning down the Saudi Embassy , you see that ? Now , what that is is Iran wants to take over Saudi Arabia . They always have . They They the oil , OK ? They’’ve always wanted that . " ’ ’In order to tout his They’’ve ability , Trump Trump his They’’ve calls for the US to bomb the oil assets of the Islamic State group , also known as ISIS.’ ’"I’’ve predicted a lot of things , you have to say , including , ’’ Get the oil , take the the oil keep the oil the oil Right ? I’’ve been saying that for three years , and everybody said , ’’ Oh , I can’’t do that . I mean , this is a sovereign country . ’’ There is no country ! " Trump exclaimed.’ " He then blamed Trump exclaimed.’ " President Barack Obama and his former secretary Trump exclaimed.’ " state , Hillary Clinton , for the Islamic State ’s rise . " ’"They have a bunch of dishonest people , " he continued . Trump exclaimed.’ " They’’ve created ISIS . Hillary Clinton created Hillary Clinton Obama   ISIS    created with Obama . But I Obama   predicting because you know , ultimately , you need somebody with vision . " ’ ’Watch below:’ ’’ ’The Republican billionaire demanded that Clinton apologize , but Hillary Clinton campaign : " Hillary Clinton no . Hillary Clinton will not Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump for correctly pointing out how his hateful rhetoric only helps Donald Trump recruit more terrorists . " ’ ’After Clinton said Trump had Hillary Clinton a   Donald Trump went after her husband , former US President Hillary Clinton Clinton . Trump recently proclaimed that the former Donald Trump has   referring former US President Bill Clinton Lewinsky scandal , among other things.’ ’At his Saturday rally , Trump also Donald Trump Hillary Clinton for Donald Trump on her Hillary Clinton paid speeches while she Hillary Clinton secretary of state . As Hillary Clinton has done frequently before , Trump Donald Trump asserted that Clinton " shouldn’’t Donald Trump allowed to run Hillary Clinton because of the private email system she used for her State Department work.’ Hillary Clinton should be Hillary Clinton jail , by the way , for what she did , " Trump said . Hillary Clinton Everybody knows she Donald Trump be in jail . What Donald Trump did with the emails is a Donald Trump , " he added.’ 
 