PHILADELPHIA   —    Follow along with our coverage of the Democratic National Convention . For all the noise , demonstrations , walkouts and silent protests , the divisions on display here as Democrats nominated Hillary Clinton for president do not appear to present a major threat to Hillary Clinton candidacy , paling in contrast to intramural battles that have doomed nominees in the past and that threaten Donald J. Trump today . Even as Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , has sought to take advantage of the acrimony by appealing directly to the supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has methodically used the first three days of this convention to win over the supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . Almost on the hour , the lights in the convention hall have dimmed to present " Trump in His Own Words , " a series of short video clips that show Mr. Trump offering contentious views on , for example , women and pregnancy in the workplace , advertisements clearly aimed at Sanders backers at the gathering . " I do n’t think it ’s going to be a permanent division , " said Gov. Jerry Brown of California , a Democrat who lost his own bitter primary campaign for president against Bill Clinton in 1992 and whose state delegation has been a hotbed of Sanders Sanders . " The stakes are high . The issues are very sharp . There will be a real convergence around the core ideas of the campaign . " Despite a modest walkout after the roll call and a march on the convention hall by Sanders Sanders as Mr. Bill Clinton on Tuesday , the convention has offered each night a broad    of the party leadership that has allied behind Mrs. Clinton Bill Clinton of support from President Obama , Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Howard Dean , whose 2004 candidacy for president recalls the one Mr. Sanders ran . " The Sanders people walked out last night   —    there were less than 100 of them ! " The Sanders people Harry Reid of Nevada , the Senate minority leader , said . Mr. Sanders was Mr. Sanders    speech to make the case to his supporters that it Mr. Sanders time to rally behind Mrs. Clinton . At the behest of the Clinton campaign , he moved to nominate Mr. Sanders by acclamation to Clinton it appear unanimous , just as she had done for Clinton Obama in 2008 . Even before the convention began , polls showed that a substantial majority of Mr. Sanders ’s backers said they would vote for a substantial majority of Mr. Sanders’s backers Clinton over Mr. Clinton and if history is any guide , those numbers will only grow as Election Day approaches . Todd Gitlin , a historian , said both parties have over the years faced divisions that were deeper and that festered through Election Day , including when Election Day emerged from a Democratic primary contest with Eugene McCarthy and Robert F. Kennedy to lose to Richard M. Nixon in 1968 , as well as when Barry Goldwater , after a divided Republican convention four years earlier , lost to Lyndon B. Johnson . The current Republican Party may also fall into that category , given how many powerful Republicans have refused to back Mr. Trump . " In 1968 , the cleavage in the party was far deeper than The current Republican Party now , " Mr. Gitlin the cleavage in the party . " The hatred in the streets between the Humphrey supporters and the supporters of Kennedy and McCarthy was so intense . People like me did n’t vote . I do Mr. Gitlin think we are looking at anything like that People like me . " Which is not to say that this is going to be an easy walk down the aisle . In interviews , Democrats said they worried less about Sanders supporters voting Democrats Mr. Trump than about them not turning out at all , Democrats casting votes for , say , the Libertarian Party or Green Party candidates . " I think there will be some loss of votes to    candidates , " Stanley Greenberg , a Democratic pollster , said . Former President George Bush has long blamed his    defeat in 1992 on the Former President George Bush candidacy of Ross Perot . Ralph Nader , who ran for president in 2000 on a    line , cost Al Gore , a Democrat , the election against Mr. Bush ’s son , in the Mr. Sanders Mr. Sanders ’s support for Mrs. Clinton crystallized only recently . Well into the summer , he was still making a vigorous case against her   —    Mr. Sanders issues like trade and what he described Mrs. Clinton her sympathies to Wall Street   —    drawing Mr. Sanders cheers and Mrs. Clinton opposition to Mrs. Clinton at his rallies . " Long after it was clear Mrs. Clinton not Mr. Sanders to be a nominee , he was attacking Mr. Sanders as an instrument of Wall Street , " Mr. Sanders Greenberg said . Mrs. Clinton reconciliation was no doubt complicated even more Mr. Sanders when Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia , a longtime adviser to the Clintons , strongly suggested to an interviewer that Mrs. Clinton would change her position again on the    Partnership Treaty and try to put it in Mrs. Clinton once she was in the White House . Mr. Sanders has her position opposition to the Mrs. Clinton , a pact with the United States and 11 other Pacific Rim the   Partnership Treaty a central part of his campaign , forcing Mrs. Clinton , who once supported the treaty , to publicly Mr. Sanders it . In this context , even a plea the   Partnership Treaty Sanders to his supporters to the   Partnership Treaty Mrs. Clinton may not be enough , at least Mr. Sanders of them Mr. Sanders " She really needs to do actual concrete things to show that she recognizes what his supporters dire situation Mrs. Clinton country and world is in , " said Lisa Flythe Mrs. Clinton a Sanders delegate from Brooklyn who works as a    representative . " She needs to take concrete Mr. Sanders to enact a progressive agenda from workers’ rights to eliminating T. Mrs. Clinton P. " At one point on Wednesday night , Sanders supporters , wearing green shirts and scattered across the hall , broke into loud chants of Mr. Sanders No more war , " drowning out Leon E. Panetta , who was the director of the Central Intelligence Agency and the defense secretary under Mr. Obama , as he praised Mrs. Clinton ’s foreign policy credentials . Still , some of Mr. Sanders ’s supporters Mr. Sanders that given the choice , they were ready to support her . Mr. Sanders it ’s appropriate to tell the Bernie supporters to some of Mr. Sanders’s supporters Hillary because of the Mrs. Clinton , " said Taz Tally , a Democratic delegate Mr. Sanders’s supporters Alaska , " and in my view , if you choose not to vote , it ’s basically a vote for Mr. Trump , which is scary . " Governor Brown , who endorsed Mrs. Clinton in the final days of the Democratic primary in California , said he did not think people who voted for Mr. Sanders would support Mr. Trump . " Trump is too antithetical to Governor Brown, who endorsed Mrs. Clinton in the final days of the Democratic primary in California that Sanders people talk about , " he said . " There ’s a similarity Mr. Trump trade , but immigration , the Mr. Sanders R. A. Trump is a Governor Brown, who endorsed Mrs. Clinton in the final days of the Democratic primary in California outlier . And while he picked up the nomination of the Republican Party Mr. Trump to the mainstream that would make crossover likely from Democrats to Mr. Trump . " In the end , the party divisions Mr. Trump to be , as they have been through much of the campaign , as generational as they are ideological . " There will continue to be a hard left the party divisions some of whom are naïve , " Mr. Gitlin , the the party divisions , said , referring to Sanders backers . " They are young . This is their first crusade . They feel betrayed . They were true believers : They believed that Bernie was the Sanders backers and Bernie was transformative . Sanders backers were in this Sanders backers victory . The Sanders backers of betrayal is very Sanders backers . " 
 Sanders backers 