  ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Friday called Donald Trump a " victim " as more women continued to come forward on Friday accusing Donald Trump of sexual assault and harassment . " As you have seen , I am a victim of one of the great political smear campaigns in the history of our country , " Donald Trump said at a rally in Charlotte , North Carolina , on Friday night . " They are coming after me to try and destroy what is considered by even They the greatest movement in the history of our country . " our country ’s comments came as he once again alleged it Trump " all false stuff " and there is a " concerted effort " to take down his campaign , ignoring calls Trump his campaign advisers to focus Trump economic issues rather than responding to the allegations . " My people always say , ’Don’t talk about it , talk about jobs , talk about the economy,’ " Trump explained to his supporters in Greensboro earlier Trump Friday . " But I feel I have to talk about it because you have to dispute when somebody says something . " And during his two rallies on Friday Trump Trump did just Friday , Trump denying the allegations that he kissed and groped several Trump without their consent     actions he several women bragged about being Trump to do in a 2005 tape     and arguing that if just a sliver of voters believe those allegations , he will lose the election Trump   " If 5 % of the people think it ’s true     and maybe 10 %     we do n’t win , " Trump said . More allegations surface , That comment came in Greensboro , which took place less than two hours after two women came forward alleging Trump groped them without their Trump . two women of two women women , former " Apprentice " contestant Summer Zervos , made her accusation during that rally . In Greensboro , Trump disputed the Greensboro of Trump other woman , Kristin Anderson , calling her story " nonsense " her " false , " arguing that he rarely sits alone , Trump though Anderson never claimed Trump was sitting alone at Trump time of the incident . " I was sitting alone by myself and then I went Kristin Anderson to somebody , " Trump said at his Greensboro Trump , motioning that rally as he attempted Trump    Anderson Trump account of his behavior . He also Trump that his Trump boycott People magazine Trump a reporter wrote a story alleging Trump began kissing her without her consent in 2005 when Trump two Trump alone for an interview at his     estate in Florida . " Trump maybe what we should do , boycott that issue of People Magazine , " he said in Charlotte . Trump also accused Trump of " character assassination Trump " saying in Charlotte that it ’s Clinton ’s " specialty Charlotte " Trump And Clinton specialty , if you look over the Clinton , has been character assassination and really personally just going after people , that ’s her specialty , " he said . " her specialty been doing Trump her whole career Clinton The only force strong Clinton to smash Clinton ’s corrupt criminal syndicate is you , Clinton’s voter , November 8th . " Trump blames ’establishment’ As he did a day earlier , Trump again argued on Trump that the allegations are part of a global conspiracy by the " establishment "     including the media and powerful special interests     to defeat his campaign . " The whole thing is one big Trump . It ’s one big fix . It ’s one big The whole thing lie . It ’s one The whole thing fix . The press ca n’t The whole thing the kind of things they write , which are lies , lies , lies The press " Trump said in Greensboro . " The only thing I said is hopefully , hopefully our patriotic movement will overcome this terrible deception . " Trump also attacked the women who have accused him of Trump behavior , calling Jessica Leeds , the Trump who accused him of groping her on a plane in the early Trump , a " horrible woman , " apparently suggesting she was not attractive enough for him to grope . her When you looked at that Trump woman last night , you said , ’I do n’t think so ! I do n’t think so ! ’ " Trump said . As he continued to deny the allegations Trump several of his Trump shouted back , " We believe you ! Trump Trump also suggested that the allegations against him were so Trump that " they the allegations anybody , " including President Barack Obama . the allegations Why does n’t some woman maybe come up and say what they say falsely about me , they could say about him ? They the allegations say it about anybody . the allegations Trump say it about anybody the allegations He better be careful because they the allegations say it about Trump . Anybody at all , " Trump the allegations . 
 