’’ ’The tone of the Republican debate discourse shifted drastically Thursday night , as the candidates repeatedly declined to attack one another as harshly as the candidates had previously.’ ’Republican frontrunner Donald Trump quipped more than 30 minutes into the debate , " So far I can not believe how civil it’ ’s been up here . " ’ ’Trump in particular has been known for previously.’ ’Republican frontrunner Donald Trump relentless criticism of previously.’ ’Republican frontrunner Donald Trump foes , especially when the candidates attack previously.’ ’Republican frontrunner Donald Trump first . But previously.’ ’Republican frontrunner Donald Trump shrugged off attack after attack on Thursday night.’ ’During a discussion about Social Security benefits , Sen. Marco Rubio jabbed and said Trump’ ’s numbers didn’’t " add up . " ’ ’The debate moderator invited Trump to respond.’ ’Trump , who in the previous debate had derided Sen. Marco Rubio as " Little Marco , " then did something new : Sen. Marco Rubio largely ignored Rubio’ ’s attack and simply repeated Sen. Marco Rubio claim that there were entitlement savings to be found.’ ’"I’’ve been going over budgets and looking at budgets   —    we don’’t bid things out , " Sen. Marco Rubio said . " We don’’t bid out , as example , the drug industry , the pharmaceutical industry . " ’ " Later , when ethanol mandates came up , Sen. Ted Cruz took a shot at Trump . Sen. Ted Cruz suggested that the frontrunner had pandered to Iowa ’s corn industry . But the     was anemic compared with that of past debates . " ’"When I went to Iowa and campaigned against ethanol mandates , everyone said that was political suicide : ’’ You can’’t take on ethanol in Iowa , ’’ " Sen. Ted Cruz said . " And my opponents on this stage not only didn’’t do the same , they attacked me . " ’ ’Trump accused Sen. Ted Cruz of changing ’ ’Trump stance on ethanol , but ’ ’Trump language was toned down significantly from past attacks . In almost every stump speech leading up to the debate , Trump had repeatedly referred to Sen. Ted Cruz as " lyin ’’ Ted . " ’ ’But on Thursday night , Trump said:’ ’The rest of the debate mostly conformed to this theme , with the candidates taking weak shots at one another but keeping it one another tame compared with their the candidates fireworks.’ ’After the debate , Trump praised Trump tone of the debate.’ ’"I thought it was a very elegant debate , I thought it was it substantive    …      and I thought folks did a great job , " he said Trump CNN . " We needed folks kind of debate , we needed folks kind of tone , and I’’m glad it took place tonight , " he added.’ ’As Trump comes closer to clinching the Republican nomination for president , he has ’As Trump " At a news conference on Tuesday night celebrating two additional primary wins , Trump said ’As Trump would ’As Trump other Republican candidates , mentioned a conversation he ’d ’As Trump with House Speaker Paul Ryan , discouraged the crowd from booing Mitt Romney , and talked about beating Hillary Clinton in the general election . " ’The candidates are heading into another round of big primaries on Tuesday.’ ’The tone of the Republican debate discourse . .. ’ 
 