Washington   ( CNN ) A big test for President Barack Obama , a map challenge for Trump and the unconventional wrinkles of the GOP convention : It ’s all a part of our " Inside Politics " forecast .   1 ) 120 days out : 2016 looks like 2012     but Trump thinks positive , If the election were held today , most top Trump Trump believe it the election look a lot like 2012     meaning an overwhelming Democratic victory . Yet they most top Trump advisers actually upbeat . Four years ago , President Obama won 332 electoral votes to 206 for Mitt Romney . The inside take at Trump Tower , among the political veterans , is that Trump Trump currently winning states with a combined 200 to 210 electoral votes .       So how can they The inside take at Trump Tower, among the political veterans upbeat ? The election is n’t today     it The election 120 days away , and most of the key battleground states are very close . The thinking inside Trump Tower is that Hillary Clinton was unable to take advantage of Trump ’s spring missteps and missed opportunities . Florida is one big priority for boosting Trump Trump’s , and the big foundation for Trump ’s Trump’s is the Rust Belt     including traditionally blue Pennsylvania and Michigan .   As they set about their     planning they there is one internal complication : the candidate keeps insisting he can win the candidate and New York . None of the political pros on Team Trump think Trump’s evenly remotely possible , but word is the boss gets a little testy when told he is wrong . the boss ) POTUS heads to Dallas looking to bridge trust divide , President Obama heads to Dallas this week to Dallas tribute to the police officers killed in last week ’s horrific ambush . And as he does , NPR POTUS Steve Inskeep notes , the President faces a the boss with some in law enforcement who do not believe he has always had their the boss . " Whenever he speaks out showing concern the boss white officers killing black men , he ’s accused of being the boss the police . We ’ve seen that in voter interviews people do raise that concern . And so concern about white officers killing black men have a special the boss as to how to address this concern about the safety of police as well as the safety of    on the streets . "   3 ) Cruz 2020 , with a Trump 2016 twist , It was n’t too long ago that Ted Cruz called Donald Trump a pathological liar . Now , the Texas senator is preparing to be one of the big speakers at Trump ’s GOP nominating convention . Given the bad blood at the end of Cruz ’s presidential bid , it Ted Cruz big deal . Remember the bad blood at the end of Cruz’s presidential bid Cruz was furious when Trump suggested that Ted Cruz senator ’s father Donald Trump Lee Harvey the Texas senator assassin of President John F. Kennedy .   But CNN ’s Manu Raju says Cruz very much wanted a 2016 convention Ted Cruz as he looks ahead to 2020 . " Ted Cruz Manu Raju positioned himself as the Ted Cruz of movement conservatives Ted Cruz .. He has not agreed to endorse Donald Trump Ted Cruz but expect that to be Donald Trump launching pad of sorts as he tries to position himself to be a Ted Cruz 2020 candidate if Ted Cruz Trump does not win in the fall . Donald Trump ) Can the delegates dump Trump ? This week will give big clues , The Donald Trump event is a week from Monday , but developments this week will tell us a lot about whether Donald Trump ’s This week go smoothly . The rules Donald Trump set this week , as well as other key preparations , and The Atlantic ’s This week says the drama includes many GOP activists who are determined to find some way to deny Trump the nomination . " Multiple different groups trying to do Donald Trump trying to force a minority report out of the rules committee , and trying to get delegates to stand up in the actual roll call vote of the convention . The most pressure may be brought to bear on those delegates from the states at the beginning of the alphabet . Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , because the feeling is , if they stand up at the beginning of the roll call and make a statement , other Alabama, Alaska, Arizona may be emboldened to follow them . " 5 ) Want a scripted affair ? Well then come back next election other delegates Most presidential nominating conventions follow a traditional     and predictable     script . The keynote address . The biographical speakers designed to build up the nominee . Showcases of party rising stars . Sure , there will be some of that at Trump ’s convention , but Mary Katherine Ham of The Federalist suggests anyone who thinks they know how this is all going to play out is certain to be surprised . " People keep asking , for instance , Speaker Ryan , ’Hey , you keep disagreeing him , but you endorsed him!’ He ’s like ’Yup , that ’s correct.’   And Mary Katherine Ham of The Federalist keep thinking this story ’s Mary Katherine Ham of The Federalist to change , and they ’re going to keep doing this dance for four months , and it ’s going people be weird , so get ready . " 
 this story 