On Wednesday , Smith   Wesson stock fell as Donald Trump ’s victory signaled the end of the gun control push that has marked the last term of President Obama . [ Smith  Wesson stock fell more than 10 percent , with investors anticipating a significant change in U. S. gun policy .   According to The Guardian , Sturm , Ruger ,   Co. stock fell too . Ruger ’s numbers " were down 12 . 29 percent in early morning trading . " Speculation has already begun as to how Trump ’s election may impact Black Friday gun sales . Black Friday 2015 sales " shattered " the previous Black Friday record and the single day record , with 185 , 345 background checks on that one day . And The Guardian notes that those checks were driven , in part , by the gun control push undertaken by Hillary Clinton the month before . Trump ran on saving the Second Amendment from " people like Hillary Hillary Clinton " He has Trump times pointed out that mass public attacks are not the fault of guns , but of the evil or twisted humans who carry out the attacks . Trump also Trump "   zones " as a contributing factor . In fact , on October 28 , 2015 , he said Trump zones provide " target practice for the sickos and for the mentally ill . " So his solution Trump high profile gun crimes is not more gun control , but more citizens armed for    in more places . He sees Trump in the armed citizen and believes the concealed carry license of one state ought to be recognized in every state . Trump said : The right of    does n’t stop at the end of your driveway . That ’s why I have a concealed carry permit and why tens of millions of Americans do too . That permit a concealed carry permit valid in all 50 states . A driver ’s license works in every state , so it ’s common A driver’s license that a concealed carry permit should work in every state . If we can do that for driving   —    which is a privilege , not a right   —    then surely we can do we for concealed carry , which is a right , not a privilege . The bottom line —   Trump ’s election marks a seismic shift in gun policy in the U. S. We are embarking on an era where the Second Amendment stands strong under Heller and the armed citizen , in turn , stands strong under the Second Amendment the Second Amendment is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a AWR Hawkins podcast . He is Breitbart News political analyst AWR Hawkins Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . AWR Hawkins him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 