Actor and rare Hollywood conservative James Woods has a message for San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick   —    the American flag does n’t need you to stand up for the American flag . [ " Do n’t tarnish our flag by standing , " the outspoken     Once Upon a Time in America star challenged Kaepernick on Twitter . " Just stay where you choose to be , with your worthless ass in the mud . "   Do n’t tarnish the American flag by standing . Just stay where you choose to be , with your worthless ass in the mud # Kaepernick pic . twitter .    —    James Woods ( @RealJamesWoods ) August 29 , 2016 ,   Kaepernick created a firestorm Friday night when he refused to stand up for the National Anthem ahead of a    game . " I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses Black people and people of color , " the quarterback later explained . " To me he this is bigger than football and it this be selfish on my part to look the other way . There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder . " Kaepernick later said he Kaepernick continue to sit through the National Anthem at games until he Kaepernick that there is " significant change " and that the American flag " represents what it the American flag supposed to represent . " The quarterback ’s move elicited strong reaction from fans , who began filming themselves burning his jerseys , and from high up places like the White House and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . Some , like Woods , have called for a boycott of the The quarterback # boycott pic . twitter .    —    James Woods ( @RealJamesWoods ) August 29 , 2016 ,   Does anyone have a list of his endorsement anyone ? Relentlessly boycott his sponsors his endorsement sponsors POS # Kaepernick pic . twitter .    —    James Woods ( @RealJamesWoods ) August 28 , 2016 ,   " If we really boycotted all of the # SF games and they fired this # dirtbag , people might think twice about behaving like this , " Woods wrote earlier this week in one of several tweets calling for a boycott . Woods was n’t Woods only actor to weigh in on the debate over Kaepernick ’s move . " Oh , f*ck yeah , " actor Charlie Sheen told a TMZ cameraman this week when asked whether he supports the actor Charlie Sheen ’s decision , though he did concede actor Charlie Sheen he sees " actor Charlie Sheen sides . " Filmmaker Spike Lee defended Kaepernick ’s move Kaepernick being in the defiant tradition of other black sports stars like Muhammad Ali and Jackie Robinson . " I support him , " actor Charlie Sheen said in Filmmaker Spike Lee interview on CNN Monday . " It ’s in that tradition of black athletes standing up , saying I ’m not using their platform , black athletes standing up I ’m not happy ’m the way black people , people of color are being treated . " Meanwhile , the Alameda County Sheriff ’s Office in California has invited Kaepernick to experience their basic police Kaepernick sessions and to have an " open dialogue " with police officers about their experiences . Kaepernick Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 