The New York Observer , the    chronicler of New York City ’s power elite owned by Donald J. Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , is ceasing its print edition , just shy of its 30th year as a weekly paper . The issue printed this last Wednesday was a weekly paper ’s last , Joseph Meyer , chairman and chief executive of Observer Media , the a weekly paper company , said in an interview on Friday . The decision will eliminate the use of New York in the paper ’s title   —    its website is The decision . com   —    and signals an end of an era when The Observer served Observer fixture of Manhattan reporting and a training ground for scores of journalists now in senior positions in the media world . It also comes as newspaper coverage of New York City is being trimmed . The Wall Street Journal will publish its final Greater New The Wall Street Journal section on Saturday , a result of widespread cuts at the paper . The Daily News , whose staff has already shrunk , announced a new round of layoffs this week . The New York Times is rethinking its own Metro coverage The New York Times the paper seeks to the paper audiences . Mr. Meyer , in the interview , said the decision to close The Observer ’s print edition was a natural outgrowth of the paper ’s shift toward the paper audience and the decline in print advertising that has afflicted the industry . Mr. Meyer , who is Mr. Kushner ’s     said the decision had been two years the decision to close The Observer making and was not related to Mr. Trump ’s election this week . Mr. Kushner , who is aiding Mr. Trump ’s presidential transition , was Mr. Trump’s comment . Now focused on real estate coverage and provocative opinion , The Observer ’s heyday came during the    tenure of its former editor , Peter W. Kaplan , whose Mr. Kaplan was founded in 1987 by the banker Arthur L. Carter . Its early editors included Graydon Carter , now the editor of Vanity Fair , and Susan Morrison , now the articles editor of The New Yorker . Under Mr. Kaplan , the newspaper originated the " Sex and The publication City " column by Candace Bushnell that later became a hit television series . Mr. Meyer said the Observer ’s coverage of New York City politics and Mr. Kaplan continue , adding that the paper had open positions for new reporters and editors . Mr. Meyer said that no journalists would be laid off as part of the change to all digital . But several freelance writers at the newspaper were dismissed on Friday , along with one of the paper ’s    Mr. Meyer Staff members said that several positions , vacated by layoffs or resignations , had remained unfilled . Observer . com received 5 . 6 million unique visitors in September , nearly twice its audience the paper year before , according to statistics from comScore . Mr. Meyer declined to disclose print circulation figures . Mr. Kushner ’s purchase of The Observer in 2006 , when he was 25 , created tension between him and the paper ’s journalists , some of whom later accused Mr. Kushner of interfering in coverage . But Ken Kurson , the Observer ’s current editor Observer on his Facebook page on Mr. Kushner that he welcomed the move to Mr. Kushner , citing a rise in online readership and advertising . " Mr. Kushner been a week of incredible tumult , for our country , and now for this small business , Ken Kurson Mr. Kurson , who is Ken Kurson to Mr. Kushner , wrote in a post . " Who knows what the future holds , for me or for the USA or for Observer . " " But I can tell you this much for sure , " Mr. Kurson added . " Observer ’s future is brighter than it ’s ever been . " 
 