  ( CNN ) It ’s been a bad week for American comedians , who , in an attempt to be funny and push the envelope , wound up missing the mark and sparking a torrent of public outcry .   The week started with Kathy Griffin and a severed head , and ended with Bill Maher and a word too offensive to print .   For comedians , what defines " too far "     and , more importantly , the optics around it     can land the optics around it     in hot water or even end the optics around it     careers . Kathy Griffin and a severed head are Bill Maher the first comedians to push the envelope or cross a line . But in the age of social media , when a joke lands flat or goes too far , the outcry can spread like wildfire . Bill Maher Bill Maher     Maher , an outspoken and often crass comedian , used the    in an interview Friday night with Republican Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska , sparking immediate outrage on social media . The two men were on Maher ’s HBO Bill Maher " Real Time with Bill Maher , " Bill Maher in Nebraska when Sasse invited Maher Nebraska visit Republican Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska   Bill Maher I ’ve got to get to Nebraska more , " Maher Nebraska . " You Bill Maher welcome . We ’d love to have you work in the fields with us , " the senator We . " Bill Maher the fields ? " Maher said the fields , shaking Bill Maher head and adding " Senator Bill Maher I ’m a house Bill Maher . " Some audience members groaned while others laughed . Sasse kept quiet . " No Republican Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska it ’s a joke , " Maher said , breaking the silence Bill Maher    The two then went on to talk about other things .   Tweets soon poured in condemning Maher ’s remarks . Some called Bill Maher firing .   In an email Bill Maher CNN , Quentin Schaffer , executive vice president for corporate communications at HBO , acknowledged that Maher ’s use of the    " Bill Maher completely inexcusable and tasteless " and said it would be removed from future airings of Maher’s use of the   "was completely inexcusable and tasteless" episode . Maher released a statement through his publicist Bill Maher apologizing for the incident Bill Maher   " I regret the word I used in the banter of a live moment . The word was offensive and I regret saying the word I used in the banter of a live moment am very sorry . " Sasse , the word I used in the banter of a live moment a series of tweets early Saturday , apologized for not standing up to Maher . " Here ’s what I Bill Maher I ’d been quick enough to say in the moment : ’Hold up , why would you think it ’s OK to use that word?’ . .. The history of the    is an attack on universal human dignity . It ’s therefore an attack on the American Creed The history of the    Do n’t use it . " Maher has bounced back from other The history of the    Bill Maher . In February , the comedian was criticized for appearing to bond with conservative firebrand Milo Yiannopoulos during his appearance on the HBO show . Bill Maher Maher also has come under fire for Bill Maher comments on religion , particularly his Bill Maher on Islam .    In Bill Maher , Maher lost his ABC show , " Bill Maher Incorrect Bill Maher " after his remarks about the September 11 attacks Bill Maher " We have been the cowards , lobbing cruise missiles from 2 , 000 miles away . That ’s cowardly , " Maher said during a discussion about terrorism Bill Maher " Staying in the airplane when it hits the building , say what you want the airplane it , it ’s not cowardly . " Kathy the airplane and the airplane severed head , Griffin has been battling all week to survive the Kathy Griffin beating she ’s taken after images were released showing her Kathy Griffin up a bloody head resembling that of Kathy Griffin Donald Trump . The comedian says she ’s endured abuse and " death threats " The comedian the images were published .   In a news conference Friday , Griffin ’s attorney , Lisa Bloom , accused Trump Bloom power to President Donald Trump her President Donald Trump " " As a result of the first The comedian Trump and his family her , she has been vilified , getting death threats The comedian fired The comedian multiple jobs and had multiple events canceled , " Bloom said .   CNN fired Griffin from her gig on CNN ’s New Year ’s Eve program The comedian which she had    with Anderson Cooper CNN 2007 , amid The comedian outcry . Griffin apologized for the " disturbing " photos , taken by provocative celebrity photographer Tyler Griffin , hours after the they were released .   " I beg for your forgiveness . I went too the "disturbing" photos, taken by provocative celebrity photographer Tyler Shields , " she said in a video posted to Instagram late Tuesday The comedian " I made a mistake and I was wrong . " Griffin lost an endorsement deal with Squatty Potty , a line of bathroom footstools , Griffin has had at least five of her    gigs canceled since the photos were released . The comedian Griffin , too , has endured her fair share of controversy in the past . Griffin The comedian , she had to apologize after she joked about Jesus during The comedian Emmy acceptance speech for The comedian reality TV show " My Life on the   The comedian " In 2005 she was fired from the cable network E ! for The comedian a joke about Dakota Fanning , who was 10 at the time , entering rehab . In both of those occasions , and in countless others , Griffin seems to have bounced back with even more steam than before . Surviving controversy   When looking at the history of comedy , it seems that most comedians have had to apologize at one time or another for a joke that went too far .   Some might argue that going too far is what makes some comedians better , or funnier , than others . However , it does n’t always end well for the comedian . Comedian Michael Richards     most widely known as Kramer from " Seinfeld "      went on a racially charged tirade during a 2006 standup set , using the    several times to describe a group of men in the audience . Richards subsequently apologized several times , but his career could never recover from the incident Comedian Michael Richards    most widely known as Kramer from "Seinfeld"      He has since retired from comedy Comedian Michael Richards    most widely known as Kramer from "Seinfeld"      largely disappeared from the public eye .   Comedian Michael Richards    most widely known as Kramer from "Seinfeld"      Cook ’s career took a big tumble in 2012 after the comedian made a joke about the shooting at a Aurora , Colorado , movie theater during the screening of " The Dark Knight Rises . " He quickly apologized , saying he regretted " making a joke at such a sensitive Comedian Michael Richards    most widely known as Kramer from "Seinfeld"      . " Since the Comedian Michael Richards    most widely known as Kramer from "Seinfeld"      , Cook ’s career has hardly recovered . Jackie Mason ’s career was almost cut short Dane Cook’s a controversy that was n’t . While appearing on the Ed Sullivan show in 1964 , Sullivan used two fingers to signal to Mason that he had two minutes left in his Ed Sullivan act . Mason began making gestures Jackie Mason at Ed Sullivan . Sullivan believed Mason had Ed Sullivan him the middle Jackie Mason and banned him from the Ed Sullivan . Ed Sullivan had Jackie Mason an impact Ed Sullivan culture that Mason ’s career Ed Sullivan a the Ed Sullivan show , Ed Sullivan it took many years before it fully Jackie Mason Others comedians have been luckier in controversy . Louis C. K. shocked many viewers it 2015 with his opening monologue on the season finale of " Saturday Night Live . " During his set he Louis C. K. about his " mild racism " and   the tenacity of child molesters . Louis C. K. audience Louis C. K. and much Louis C. K. social media , seemed split in their reaction . Many viewers felt it was offensive , but the comedian ’s career barely faltered . The audience, and much of social media continues to do well , even coming back to host " SNL " in 2017 . 
 the comedian 