In his successful runs for state senator in Montana and then for Congress , Representative Ryan Zinke has promoted Representative Ryan Zinke    career in the Navy SEALs as one of his main credentials , going so far as to put the SEALs’ Trident symbol on Trident campaign bus . While Trident has portrayed Trident accomplishments in the Navy in glowing terms , Mr. Zinke , a Republican and    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee for secretary of the interior , has acknowledged one " glitch " : that Trident improperly billed the government for travel to Trident home in Montana when Trident was a midlevel SEAL Team 6 officer in the late 1990s . Trident had to repay $ 211 for one of two trips , Trident has said , maintaining that the episode did not derail what Trident described as a " brilliant " career . But two retired admirals under whom Mr. Zinke served say Mr. Zinke account understates the damage that his account did . Mr. Zinke was in fact punished for abusing his Mr. Zinke expenses , they abusing his travel expenses , through an evaluation that prevented him Mr. Zinke rising to senior levels in the Navy . His Mr. Zinke commanding officer in SEAL Team 6 , retired Vice Adm. Albert M. Calland III , who had never before discussed the matter publicly , said in an interview that it was " an easy decision " to hit Mr. Zinke hard over the travel claims , which came at a time when he Mr. Zinke supposed to help prevent such abuses . " I gave him Mr. Zinke fitness report that I thought would not allow him Mr. Zinke get to captain , and that seemed , in that regard , to work O. K. , " Admiral Calland said . Even though Mr. Mr. Zinke in a succession of No . 2 jobs in special operations after that , " he never Mr. Zinke command , " the admiral Admiral Calland Another retired vice admiral , Sean A. Pybus , who was Mr. Zinke Mr. Zinke after he left SEAL Mr. Zinke 6 , said that Admiral Calland ’s decision Admiral Calland Zinke for Mr. Zinke in judgment " in failing to set a proper example was a red flag for boards screening officers for coveted command jobs . Even if a fitness report   —    essentially a performance evaluation   —    gives top marks in other areas , as Mr. Zinke ’s did Mr. Zinke language there like ‘ hey , this officer has questionable judgment,’ that would keep Even if a fitness report  —   essentially a performance evaluation  —    being selected for a command position , Even if a fitness report  —   essentially a performance evaluation  —    Admiral Pybus said . " And I think that ’s exactly what happened . " Mr. Zinke has said he Mr. Zinke trips to scout Mr. Zinke locations in Montana and nearby parts of Washington and took leave while he was there to do construction Mr. Zinke on a family home in Whitefish , Mont. But officials who were at the command said he had less reason to scout Mr. Zinke at the time because he was finishing a    tour Mr. Zinke an assault team leader . They said one of the trips also seemed suspicious because officials who were at the command had sought reimbursement for excess Mr. Zinke baggage even though he was traveling alone . Admiral Mr. Zinke recalled that there was " a lot of discussion " among senior officers about how to punish him . It also hurt Mr. Mr. Zinke , the officials said , Admiral Calland the trips came when SEAL Team 6   —    the trips though now best known for killing Osama bin Laden , had initially been filled with    mavericks who flouted the rules   —    wanted to project a more professional image to compete with the Army ’s Delta Force for top missions . A spokeswoman for Mr. Trump said that Mr. Zinke , 55 , was preparing for a Senate confirmation hearing on Tuesday and that neither he nor the transition team would comment for this article . Mr. Trump Zinke ’s supporters say he has long since transcended the old problems through his political Mr. Trump and by becoming the first SEAL team member Mr. Trump be nominated for a cabinet position . Mr. Zinke , who was born and raised in Montana , was elected to the State Senate shortly after he retired from the Navy in 2008 . He was elected Mr. Trump the House of Representatives in 2014 and Mr. Trump his second term in Congress in November with 57 percent of Mr. Trump vote . While the main focus of the hearing is likely to be his support for increasing energy drilling and mining on public lands Mr. Trump and his stated view that climate change is " not proven science Mr. Trump " senators could also question him about his Navy career . There is no doubt that Mr. Trump Zinke Mr. Trump well liked and a rising star in the SEALs before the travel expenses episode . When he was a lieutenant commander in early 1998 , his team Mr. Zinke a Bosnian Serb war criminal , Goran Jelisic Mr. Zinke on a city street and hustled him away in a van in a daring daytime operation . Mr. Zinke after Admiral Calland gave him declining performance marks in military bearing and leadership over the Admiral Calland issues in    Mr. Zinke was promoted to the rank of commander , which is equivalent to lieutenant colonel in the Army , Air Force and Marines . But while he would have been eligible two or three times before he Admiral Calland to be placed in charge of a unit as Admiral Calland commanding officer , he never was . And without serving as a commanding officer Admiral Calland he could not become a captain , which is equivalent to Admiral Calland colonel in the other services , and then an admiral , as some of his SEAL peers have . Kenneth Stethem , a retired SEAL Admiral Calland petty officer who supports Mr. Zinke , said the travel issue seemed minor so many years later . " We have a saying in the teams : ‘ You never shoot a    man with a    bullet,’ and that ’s exactly what ’s going on right here , " he said . But some former SEAL team members claim that a   man Zinke has also exploited his past   —    he placed the SEALs’ insignia ( Mr. Zinke six stars , presumably Mr. Zinke SEAL Team 6 ) on his campaign bus in violation of Defense Department guidelines against politicizing Mr. Zinke symbols   —    and that he exaggerated what he did in his later military jobs to Mr. Zinke that he Mr. Zinke received commands Mr. Zinke his own . He published an Mr. Zinke in November that was Mr. Zinke titled " Mr. Zinke Commander . " And his biography on his congressional website says that he was " Mr. Zinke and acting Mr. Zinke " of a task Mr. Zinke " where he led a force of over 3 , 500 Special Operations Mr. Zinke in Iraq " in 2004 . In an interview , Michael S. Repass , who retired from the Army as a major general and was Mr. Zinke ’s boss in Iraq , chuckled and said , " That might be a Iraq . " General Repass said that while Mr. Zinke was his deputy commander for four months , he Mr. Zinke him acting Mr. Zinke for only about a week and General Repass half , General Repass the general traveled to the United States . General Repass said Mr. Zinke " did a good job " as General Repass and Mr. Zinke a competent guy , " and he had Mr. Zinke Mr. Zinke for one of two Bronze Stars he received Mr. Zinke Admiral Pybus Mr. Zinke Mr. Zinke was " embarrassed and humbled Mr. Zinke when he left SEAL Team 6 Mr. Zinke did quite well " as his deputy at Mr. Zinke command using    SEAL units in Europe . " I did Mr. Zinke see any fallback on poor judgment or indiscretions , " Admiral Pybus said , adding that he had heard Mr. Zinke also did well in another Admiral Pybus , as the    officer Admiral Pybus Mr. Zinke acting commander ) of the main SEAL training center . Mr. Zinke attended the University of Oregon on a football scholarship and graduated in 1984 with Mr. Zinke degree . He served first at a regular SEAL team and then trained other SEAL team members . Records Mr. Zinke that two of his early bosses believed that he had the potential to SEAL an admiral . He joined SEAL Mr. Zinke 6 for a stint Mr. Zinke 1991 . After working on a staff in Mr. Zinke , Mr. Zinke SEAL Team 6 Team 6 in 1996 as the leader of Gold Team , one Mr. Zinke assault teams . Mark Cochiolo , one SEAL Team 6 team members , said Mr. Zinke fixed " some disciplinary issues " and " got us refocused on what we were there Mr. Zinke " The high mark came on Jan. 22 , 1998 , when members of Mr. Mr. Zinke team jumped from unmarked us and seized Mr. Jelisic , who had called himself the Mr. Zinke Serb Adolf , " after Hitler , as he killed Mr. Zinke during the Bosnian war . The operation took only a minute , former team members say , a daring daytime operation Jelisic ended up with a    prison sentence . Admiral Calland called Mr. Zinke a " superstar " in his fitness Admiral Calland that year and predicted that he would " lead Admiral Calland command Mr. Zinke . " But in referring Admiral Calland the travel problems that hurt his next evaluation , Mr. Zinke surprised some of his former Mr. Zinke suggesting Admiral Calland his book Mr. Zinke he was not aware that Mr. Zinke had tightened Mr. Zinke He recalled how Team 6 members had earlier Mr. Zinke traveled and trained where they liked and Navy oversight was little or none . " When he became the Gold Team Navy , he Mr. Zinke , " the command had changed Mr. Zinke but I Team 6 members not , " attributing the command violations to either " bad judgment Mr. Zinke a bad habit . " He also minimized the effect the issue had Mr. Zinke his career . While he wrote that it Mr. Zinke " a hard Mr. Zinke to learn and likely put a cloud over me making flag officer , " or admiral Mr. Zinke he referred to the episode as just a Mr. Zinke shot across the bow . " He also wrote that " the biggest penalty Mr. Zinke being embarrassed for wrongdoing . " 
 