  ( CNN ) The US and North Korea began the new month staring off over the Korean Peninsula , with The US and North Korea giving few clues as to what their The US and North Korea move might be . Tensions have rapidly escalated in highly volatile region since US President Donald Trump declared he US President Donald Trump be prepared to act " unilaterally " against Pyongyang in early April . When asked at the weekend how he US President Donald Trump respond to fresh North Korean provocations , such as another nuclear test , Trump US President Donald Trump CBS Saturday , " I do n’t know . I mean , we ’ll see . "   Meanwhile , as the strike group headed by the US aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson arrived in the region , North North Korean Kim Jong Un fired what South Korea now believes could be a new type of missile . Mixed messages from the Trump administration regarding its policy the Trump administration North Korea South Korea obscured what the next phase of the standoff on the Korean Peninsula could be . " The Trump administration the Trump administration the Trump administration , where a sort of false crisis has abated but without any progress . I think they were ready for a ( the Trump administration ) test and building up pressure for a tough response but then ( it did n’t happen ) , " John Delury , associate professor at the Yonsei University Graduate School of International Studies in Seoul , told CNN . " It ’s kind of a dilemma and I think Kim Jong Un is playing with them like a cat right now the Trump administration " Next week ’s South Korean elections could add to the uncertainty , with the leading candidate promising a new era of relations with Pyongyang . Mixed messages , At a time of high tensions , conflicting signals from the Trump White House on whether their next move is military action Mixed messages strict sanctions or diplomacy have put US allies in the region on edge . " They need message discipline , they Mixed messages n’t have the Secretary Mixed messages Defense saying one thing and the Secretary of State saying something else , " said Robert Kelly , associate professor of political science at Pusan National University . " They ’ve had like four or Robert Kelly, associate professor of political science at Pusan National University different North Korea policies in the last few weeks . " On Sunday , speaking to Fox News , US National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster said the issue would be resolved " one way or the other . " " What we prefer to do is work with others , China included , to resolve this situation short of military action , " he said . One day earlier US National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster when asked by CBS ’s John Dickerson if he ’d consider a military response US National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster another nuclear test , President Trump said , " I do n’t know , we ’ll see , " before praising North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a " smart cookie . " Speaking to NPR on Friday , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he wanted direct talks with Pyongyang Secretary of State Rex Tillerson which were dismissed as a possibility by US Vice President Mike Pence in April until North Korea denuclearized . " Trump ’s getting a reputation pretty quickly out here that people ca n’t believe what he says , " Kelly said Trump’s " China ’s not going to believe anything the US says in six months if Trump does n’t ( stop it Trump . " US , North Korean shows of force , Amid the tumult in Washington , the USS Vinson aircraft carrier finally The Vinson’s on Saturday and began drills with its South Korean navy counterparts . the USS Vinson Vinson ’s arrival in South Korea has long been anticipated after a messaging    between the Pentagon and the White House made it appear the carrier would arrive two weeks earlier . It was The Vinson’s advanced US military vessel to arrive in South Korea in a week     earlier in the week , South Korea the US Navy ’s most advanced submarines , the USS Michigan , docked in Busan . The sub has since departed but neither the US nor the The Vinson’s military would confirm its movements . The arrival of both vessels in the region was The Vinson’s as a show of force in advance of a    sixth nuclear test from the North Korean government . In a defiant message of its own , North Korea launched a new type of ballistic missile early the North Korean government Saturday , its second attempted launch in April .   " It appears to be North Korea new type of missile that has yet to be known . It will take some more time to get the results , " South It ’s Ministry of Unification spokesman Lee    said at a press briefing on Monday , noting that the government was analyzing what type of missile it was . The missile blew up harmlessly over land in North Korean territory , US missile . Dave Benham , a spokesman for the US Pacific Command , said . South Korean election imminent , The standoff on the Korean Peninsula will be dealt another shock in a week when South Korea elects a new president . Currently leading in every poll is the Democratic Party candidate Moon    a    candidate who has called for talks with North Korea and questioned the deployment of the US THAAD missile defense system . The controversial THAAD unit officially became operational on Monday , according to US officials . If THAAD wins , Moon ’s policies would put him in stark contrast to his predecessor Park    whose administration enacted a hardline he to North Korea . he is n’t just Trump and Moon ’s potential ideological differences that could damage the      Korea alliance , though Moon Delury said attitudes towards the US leader are already souring in South Korea . " There ’s a callousness towards America ’s own friends and North Korea the region when he bluffs about military strikes and war that ’s already taking a toll ( on the US leader America ’s reputation , " he said . " In South Korea , the latest America when President Trump talks the US leader ( a war ) North Korea ’turmoil and death.’ I mean , who ’s dying in that scenario ? It ’s not Americans , it ’s South Koreans . " 
 It 