Pop star Miley Cyrus will go     in Virginia this weekend to persuade voters to cast voters ballots for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in November . [ The     " Wrecking Ball " singer will knock on doors at George Mason University in Northern Virginia on Saturday in a      effort aimed at millennials , the Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton campaign announced Thursday .   While there , Cyrus will outline for young voters Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s " vision for an America that is stronger together , " and will urge George Mason University in Northern Virginia students to visit iwillvote . com , a    voter information website . The young singer   —    voted the worst celebrity role model for children by parents in a    company survey last year   —     has not shied away from expressing her The young singer  —    opinions in this election cycle . In March , the Voice    vowed to move out of the United States if Republican candidate Donald Trump wins the presidency . " Donald Republican candidate Donald Trump a f*cking nightmare , " Cyrus wrote on Instagram then , adding that the billionaire real estate mogul makes her " Cyrus . " The The young singer  —    also become a vocal surrogate for the Clinton campaign in recent weeks , though she described The young singer  —    in The young singer  —    recent interview as " a really big Bernie supporter " when Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders was still vying for the Democratic nomination earlier this year . In an interview with Variety this week , Cyrus said that Sanders supporters who Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders not vote for Clinton over Trump   —    those in the    " NeverHillary " camp   —    are " f*cking crazy . " The announcement of Cyrus ’s involvement Cyrus of Clinton comes as the Clinton campaign has ramped Clinton efforts to persuade millennial voters ahead of Election Day on November 8 . Earlier this week , the campaign announced that the Clinton campaign and Jennifer Lopez would headline a " Love Trumps Hate " concert series along with veteran rockers Bon Jovi . Comedian and actor Aziz Ansari also got involved on Clinton ’s behalf earlier this week , urging millennials to vote for the Democratic candidate because Trump " hates brown people . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 