First Lady Michelle Obama and    host Ryan Seacrest experienced several uncomfortable moments while reading the classic Christmas tale The Night Before Christmas to a group of children at the heart and kidney unit at Children National Health Center in Washington , D. C. on Monday . [ Today , the First Lady and @RyanSeacrest celebrate the holidays at @ChildrensHealth . 🎁 Join us on @Snapchat : michelleobama 💁 🏽 pic . twitter .    —    The First Lady ( @FLOTUS ) December 12 , 2016 ,    " Twas the night before Christmas when all through the house , not a creature was stirring , not even a mouse , " the classic tale began , with Mrs. Obama reading the opening line . Mrs. Obama and Seacrest would take turns reading sentences from the story . After reading the line , " The stump of a pipe he held tight in he teeth , " Mrs. Obama told the kids , " I think St. Nick gave up smoking . This was a long time back , " according to CNS News . In 2011 , Mrs. Obama said her husband Mrs. Obama President Barack Obama   —    who has been a smoker for several years   —    had quit smoking for good in 2011 . This statement was followed up , in 2013 , with Obama telling a United Nations official into a hot mic that he had a United Nations official had a cigarette in " probably six years " because " I ’m scared of my wife . " Seacrest reportedly echoed the first lady ’s sentiment and throwback to the past saying , " This was written way back in the day . " Then , Seacrest read Seacrest line about Santa ’s " little round belly that shook when he laughed a United Nations official a bowl full of jelly , " which he followed a United Nations official with , " I mean this as a compliment , " before reading the line , " He was a United Nations official and plump ( laughter )   —    a right jolly old elf , and I laughed when I saw him in a United Nations official of myself . a United Nations official The visit to the children ’s hospital is just one of many appearances Michelle Obama has made and will make over the holiday season and leading up to her husband Michelle Obama transition of power to    Donald Trump . During a    interview with Oprah Winfrey to air on CBS Monday at 8 p. m. Michelle expressed that she felt Michelle the " hope " her husband Michelle on has been lost with the new Donald Trump White House . " We feel the difference now . See , now , we are feeling We not having hope feels like , " she said , Michelle to the New York Post . She added , Michelle Hey , it ’s going to be OK . Let ’s remember the good things that we have . We Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 