   Donald Trump has invited   Donald Trump Philippine counterpart Rodrigo Duterte to the White house in a phone conversation Friday that one Duterte aid described as " animated . " [ The call was the first     exchange between the two leaders .   While there is at press time no word on the details of The call , presidential aid Christopher Bong Go posted a photo of Duterte speaking to Trump on his Trump page .   Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Perfecto Yasay confirmed that the two would be speaking " within the next few days " in a conversation on Philippine Philippine earlier this week . He Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Perfecto Yasay not specify what the two leaders would discuss , only noting , " We the two leaders really harping on .. fundamental changes [ that are worthy ] so we the two leaders be able to pursue our the two leaders foreign policy . " Yasay Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Perfecto Yasay that , despite Duterte ’s statements calling for closer military cooperation with China and Russia , " we China not undertaking military alliance with anyone else . " On Friday , presidential spokeswoman Ana Marie Banaag confirmed the conversation was set for Friday evening Manila time , though " she presidential spokeswoman Ana Marie Banaag not have yet any information on what the talking points would be , " according to   . The news outlet notes that Trump has been clear in his Trump that Duterte had exhibited " a lack of respect for our country " in statements regarding President Barack Obama . Duterte Duterte repeatedly referred to the President Barack Obama a " son of a whore , " and dismissed U. S. Ambassador to the Philippines Philip Goldberg as an " annoying homosexual son of whore . " The most glowing praise Duterte Duterte had for any Obama administration official President Barack Obama been for Secretary of State John Kerry , who he has referred to as " okay . " Following Trump ’s election , Duterte Duterte to change his attitude . he I do n’t want to fight because Trump is there Trump’s " he said the he after the election . Trump’s election would like to congratulate President Trump . Mabuhay ka ( May you live ) ! " " We both curse . For any small reason , we curse . We are kind of we , " Duterte Duterte of Trump . He Trump’s since humbly referred to himself Duterte " just a president struggling barely to ( swim ) just above the water , " adding , " I do n’t think we can be compared " when asked about Trump . " Trump’s do n’t have we quarrels . I can always be a friend to anybody especially to a president , a chief executive of another country . He Duterte not meddled in the human rights , " Duterte Duterte of Trump on another Trump’s . Duterte Duterte has largely revolved around his " Duterte on drugs , " in which he has Duterte police to conduct extrajudicial killings and offered bounties to civilians who kill drug suspects . Duterte has Duterte profanities at anyone who has referred to these actions as human rights violations , in particular responding to the European Union with the statement , " Fuck you . " Duterte ’s Duterte in the Philippine government have been as positive as Duterte himself Duterte Trump acknowledged that much change is needed both in America and the world . Just as President Duterte campaigned Duterte change , " Sen. Alan Peter Cayetano , a close Duterte ally , said Duterte the election . " Both leaders recognized the need for but were often criticized for their being frank and saying things that Both leaders political and business elite thought should n’t be said . " Trump will still be competing for Duterte ’s good graces Duterte American rivals China and Russia . Duterte has expressed particular affection Duterte Russian President Vladimir Putin , with observers describing Duterte as a " starstruck Duterte " following his first    meeting with the Russian head Russian President Vladimir Putin state . Duterte said following that meeting Duterte Putin had offered to sell his first   meeting with the Russian head of state military Russian President Vladimir Putin at a " buy one , get one free " rate . Duterte has referred to both Duterte and Chinese President Xi Jinping as " Russian President Vladimir Putin friends , " despite the latter ’s military campaign to invade and colonize pivotal Philippine territories in the South China Sea . 
 