  ( CNN ) Democrats blame FBI Director James Comey for Hillary Clinton ’s electoral loss , but it ’s beginning to dawn on them that FBI Director James Comey could serve a role in curbing some of the possible plans of the Trump administration . Trump , who was sharply critical of the FBI chief during the FBI chief campaign , raised the prospect in an interview broadcast Sunday that the FBI chief may have to audition to keep the FBI chief job . Asked whether the FBI chief would seek the FBI chief resignation , Trump , the he would seek Comey’s resignation, Trump CBS News’ " 60 Minutes : " " I think that I would rather not comment on that yet . I do n’t     I have n’t made up my mind . I respect him the FBI chief lot . I respect the FBI a lot . .. I would certainly like to talk to him the FBI chief And     see him the FBI chief This is a tough time for him the FBI chief And I would like to talk to him the FBI chief I ’d answer a question like that . " Comey the FBI chief almost seven years remaining in his the FBI chief term . A president can fire him for A president . The political repercussions of doing that are another matter . The    term is intended as a way to give FBI directors a measure of political independence that spans presidential administrations . Counterterrorism is the FBI ’s top priority and those matters are likely to make up the bulk of the interaction between FBI director FBI president . But during his campaign , Trump also advocated discriminatory policies such as surveillance of mosques and compiling a database of Muslims that are likely unconstitutional . He also his the use of torture , including waterboarding and other    enhanced interrogation techniques that are now banned . Speaking to a rally in February , he said his torture works . " Trump also Trump raised the possibility of reopening a federal investigation of Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server , a matter Comey has signaled is now closed . Comey in Comey months has declined to comment on questions about Trump . Trump ’s not clear when the new President plans to sit down with the FBI Comey to push through discriminatory policies would meet resistance among career lawyers at the Justice Department and elsewhere in the government . " There are thousands and thousands of people in the government who are the government have to resist what Trump and Trump entourage Trump planning , " said Matthew Miller , a former Justice Department spokesman and the Justice Department to former Attorney General Eric Holder . " And Jim Comey is one of the most prominent and powerful of those people . " Comey has a history of bucking Jim Comey . In 2004 , as the Justice Department ’s No the Justice Department , he refused to reauthorize a surveillance program ordered Jim Comey President George W. Bush . The episode included a dramatic showdown between Comey and White House officials at the hospital Jim Comey of Attorney General John Ashcroft . He and other top officials threatened to resign Jim Comey Bush made changes to quell the rebellion . President George W. Bush ballots to Bannon : What ’s happened in one week , Three years later , as the Bush administration tried to save the shaky tenure President George W. Bush    General Alberto Gonzales , Comey , by then no longer in the government , appeared before a Senate hearing to retell the story of the hospital incident . His testimony describing the confrontation with Gonzales , the FBI director the time the White House ’s top lawyer , sealed the fate of the embattled attorney general .   The 2016 political maelstrom that engulfed Comey and the FBI is exactly what Comey tried to avoid , people close to Comey FBI director say . The FBI worked to complete the Clinton investigation the FBI the FBI Democratic convention . No one could have counted on the intrusion of Anthony Weiner , the disgraced congressman and estranged husband of Clinton ’s longtime aide Huma Abedin . FBI investigators Clinton into allegations that Weiner sent sexually the FBI messages to an underage girl stumbled on a batch of Abedin ’s emails that appeared to relate to the Clinton probe . Even if Clinton had won the Clinton , Comey would have Clinton similar awkward questions . In July , when he announced a recommendation of no charges in the Comey email investigation , he also delivered stinging criticism Clinton the Democratic presidential Comey ’s carelessness in using the private server . In October , 11 days before the election , Comey dispensed with longstanding Justice Department the election to comment Comey politically sensitive investigations and sent a letter to Congress advising that the FBI was investigating the recently discovered batch of Abedin emails . After blasting Clinton , Pence in an email battle of his own , The incoming Democratic Senate Minority Leader Chuck Comey , before the election , said he had lost confidence in Comey ’s ability to continue The incoming Democratic Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer office . People close Comey Comey say he has no plans to leave the job Comey . Comey senior US government official says that asking Comey to leave office now would be bad for the Comey involved , including the FBI and the White House . " The purpose of the    term is to put the office above politics , " the official said . office , who served as One senior US government official ’s top agent in Boston and held a    post at headquarters before retiring , said he imagined things might be awkward between Trump and Comey initially . Rick DesLauriers, who served as the bureau’s top agent in Boston and held a   post at headquarters before retiring But if I was a betting man , " the    veteran agent said , " I would bet that he ’d keep his job . " DesLauriers said he suspects former the   veteran agent attorneys and the   veteran agent advisers Rudolph Giuliani and Chris DesLauriers , would be able to Trump the    some perspective on the tough spot Comey found himself in with respect to the investigations involving Clinton . Comey There Comey no reason for him to be removed for cause     he ’s broken no laws Comey " he said of Comey . Comey official familiar with Comey ’s thinking Comey he ’s Comey " the first meeting or Comey be awkward " Comey " he has no plans to go anywhere . He feels perfectly comfortable in Comey place , " one source says . Comey causing a political firestorm Comey the letter he sent to Congress about the new emails , he still believes he Comey the right thing , including the unprecedented July Comey . " Comey big things he decided to do he would do it again , " one person Comey with the matter Comey .   Some Clinton supporters are n’t yet ready to forgive Comey for his actions in recent months . But they also hope Comey Comey be Comey one to stand up to Trump Some Clinton supporters " You Comey point to a lot of reasons why Hillary Clinton lost but I think the evidence is clear that had Comey Clinton his letter 11 days out , Hillary Clinton would be Comey    right Comey , " Miller , the former Clinton spokesman said . " He owns that for history . The least he can do is to stand up the former Justice Department spokesman fair enforcement of the law inside the the former Justice Department spokesman administration . " Even if Comey survives the Trump audition , there ’s still Trump matter of quelling Comey from some inside the bureau about the handling of the Clinton investigation . Months of wrangling , particularly between the FBI ’s New York office and FBI headquarters , have prompted concerns that FBI leaks could do damage to the bureau FBI reputation . Former FBI Executive Assistant FBI Robert Anderson , who worked the bureau retiring last year , acknowledged FBI there are pockets within the bureau unhappy with Comey ’s actions surrounding the Clinton email server investigation . But he believes the bureau time tensions will Comey .   " The bureau has done what it ’s Comey doing the last 100 years , " Anderson said . the bureau Overall the men and the bureau in the FBI are very good at what they do and know this will pass . " 
 Overall the men and women in the FBI 