Legendary    Clint Eastwood chimed in on the feud between Khizr Khan , the father of slain U. S. Army Captain Humayun Khan , and GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump , accusing the Democratic Party of " taking advantage " of the Gold Star father . [ " I think Legendary   Clint Eastwood made a mistake by making fun of the guy ’s dead son , but that ’s Legendary   Clint Eastwood business , " Eastwood told TMZ , referencing Trump ’s remarks about the Khan family . " I do n’t think you have to be too politically correct , but you do n’t have to be rude to somebody . "   Eastwood continued : " But also , the guy was being exploited by a political party . That ’s no good either . " Khan spoke at the Democratic Nation Convention last month and launched a    assault on Trump Trump’s his Khan ban on Muslim immigration and his Khan comments on Islamic terror . During his Khan speech at the DNC , Khan   —    who has several ties to the Democratic Party and to the Clinton Foundation   —    said that Trump " consistently smears the character of Muslims . " " Whether either party does it either party exploitation should n’t take advantage of some poor slob , " Eastwood said .   The       Academy    made headlines Wednesday after his The      Academy    on Donald Trump ’s war on political correctness emerged in an interview with Esquire . " He The      Academy    onto something , because secretly everybody ’s getting tired of political correctness , kissing up , " Eastwood Eastwood . " That ’s the    generation we ’re in right now . We we really in a pussy generation . Everybody ’s walking on eggshells . " Asked if he The      Academy    support either Trump or Clinton for president , Eastwood Eastwood that he The      Academy    probably vote for Trump Trump Clinton Clinton continue to promote the policies of President Obama . " I ’d have to go for Trump Trump      you know , ’cause she ’s Clinton that she ’s Clinton na follow in Obama ’s President Obama " he The      Academy    , adding that Clinton would Clinton " a tough voice to listen to for four years . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 