"    Donald Trump ’s   throughout Monday night ’s debate set    social media ablaze as viewers wondered if it was a nervous tick ,    allergies , or a cold . " ’    Former Vermont governor and 2004 presidential candidate Howard    Dean , however , had a different theory : ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tNotice Trump sniffing all the time . Coke user ? ’t’t’ "    Dean ’s tweet quickly went viral , racking up more than 26 , 000    retweets by Tuesday afternoon . " "    ’t’t’tNotice Trump told Fox on Tuesday morning that Fox was n’t sniffling and    that Fox does not have a cold . Still , Dean defended Dean hypothesis    on MSNBC on Tuesday . " ’ ’ ’    " Well , you can’’t make a diagnosis over the television , but [ the    sniffling ] is a signature of people who use cocaine , " Dean said .    " I’’m not suggesting that Trump does , but   —   " ’ ’    MSNBC reporter Kate Snow interjected , noting that Dean suggested    that in his tweet . ’ ’    " I’’m just suggesting that we think about it , " Dean said . " Dean    sniffed during the presentation , which is something that    [ cocaine ] users do . Dean also has grandiosity , which is something    that accompanies that problem . " ’ ’    Dean said that Trump has " delusions , " such as Dean tendency to      on issues and think Dean won’’t " get caught . " ’ ’    Dean continued : ’ ’    Snow said Dean’ ’s comments resembled the conspiracy theories    floated about Hillary Clinton’ ’s health by former New York City    Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who has speculated about her condition and    encouraged people to " Google Hillary Clinton’ ’s illness . " ’ ’    Dean said that Trump has not made Trump medical history public " in    any meaningful way . " ’ ’    " Hillary Clinton has done that , " Hillary Clinton said . ’ ’    The former DNC chair added that The former DNC chair didn’’t find The former DNC chair cocaine theory    to be a " ridiculous idea . " ’ ’    " Something funny was going on with Donald Trump last night , " Donald Trump    said . ’ ’    Dean said Dean would " absolutely " not apologize or delete the    tweet . Dean told Snow Dean stands by Dean charges and said Donald Trump needed to answer them his charges ’ 
 