New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton expressed " regret " Saturday for comments in which Hillary Clinton said " half " of Donald Trump ’s supporters are " deplorables , " meaning people who are racist , sexist , homophobic or xenophobic . " Last night I was ’grossly generalistic,’ and that ’s never a good idea . I regret saying ’half’     that was wrong , " Hillary Clinton said in a statement in which Hillary Clinton also vowed to call out " bigotry " in Trump ’s campaign . The Democratic presidential nominee sparked an uproar late Friday when Hillary Clinton described Trump’s supporters at a fundraiser . " To just be grossly generalistic , you can put half of Trump supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables , " Hillary Clinton said . " Right ? Racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamaphobic , you name it . "   Hillary Clinton added : " And unfortunately , there are people like that and he Trump lifted them people like that . He Trump given voice to their people like that that used to only have 11 , 000 people , now have 11 million . He Trump and retweets offensive , hateful ,    rhetoric . " Hillary Clinton then said some of these people were " irredeemable " and " not America . " Hillary Clinton described the rest of his Trump as people who are looking for change in any form because of economic anxiety and urged Hillary Clinton supporters to empathize with them her supporters The Democratic presidential nominee made similar comments in an interview Thursday with an Israeli television station . But when they were widely reported Friday night , Trump and Republicans quickly pounced on the remarks , which drew comparisons to President Barack Obama ’s comments about clinging to " guns and religion " at a 2008 campaign fundraiser and Mitt Romney ’s " 47 percent " remark in 2012 . " Is n’t it disgraceful that Hillary Clinton makes the worst mistake of the political season and instead of owning up to this grotesque attack on American voters , she Hillary Clinton to turn it around with a pathetic rehash of the words and insults used in her Hillary Clinton campaign ? " Trump said in a statement . " For the first time in a long while , her Hillary Clinton feelings came out , showing bigotry and hatred for millions of Americans . " Trump Trump mate , Mike Pence , forcefully condemned Clinton " in the strongest possible terms " Saturday at the Values Voter Summit in Washington . " The truth of the matter is that the men and women who support Donald Trump Trump are    Americans , farmers , coal miners , teachers , veterans , members of our law enforcement community , members of every class of this country , who know that we can make America great again , " Pence said . " Let me just say , from the bottom of my heart , Hillary , they are not a basket of anything , " Pence continued . Pence They are Americans they they deserve your they . " Clinton had earlier divided Trump ’s supporters into " two big baskets , " what she called " Clinton deplorables , " in an interview with Channel 2 News Israel that aired Thursday . " If I were to be grossly generalistic , I would say you can take Trump supporters and Trump them in two Trump supporters baskets , " Clinton said . Clinton There are what I call the deplorables     the racists , you know , the haters , and the people who are drawn because they think somehow the racists ’s going to restore an America that no longer exists . So just eliminate them from your the racists , because we ’ve always had an annoying prejudicial element within our politics . we Clinton made the Clinton before introducing Barbra Streisand at an LGBT fundraiser in downtown New York .   According to average ticket prices and attendance figures provided by the campaign , Clinton raised around Clinton 6 million at the fundraiser , an LGBT fundraiser in downtown New York some attendees paid $ 50 , 000 . In seizing upon the comments , the comments the opportunity to do some fundraising as well . " Now is the time to show Hillary the consequences of her words , " Trump Hillary campaign wrote in an appeal to supporters . " I ’m asking you and the millions of    patriotic Americans whom she just insulted , to Hillary back with a contribution of $ 100 , $ 65 , $ 50 , $ 35 , $ 25 , $ 15 , or even $ 5 to elect Donald Trump to the White House . " Clinton expresses regret , In her statement Saturday , Clinton Clinton emphatic in condemning Clinton she said was Trump ’s Clinton insensitive campaign . She listed a series of Trump moments from Trump ’s campaign , including Trump with a Muslim Gold Trump family , criticism of a federal US judge of Mexican heritage and his insinuation that Obama was n’t Trump in the US . " I wo n’t stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign , " Clinton said . She also noted her comments about Clinton with other Clinton supporters . " As I said , many of Trump ’s supporters are    Americans Trump do n’t feel like the economy or our political system are working for them , " Clinton said . " Americans who just don’t feel like the economy or our political system ’m Clinton to bring our country together and make our economy work for everyone , not our those at the top . Because we really are ’stronger together . ’ our Around the same time Clinton issued her statement , Trump Clinton made Clinton case for unity . " While Hillary said horrible things about my Clinton , and while many of her supporters will never vote for Clinton , I still respect them Clinton ! " Trump said on Twitter . A senior Trump close to the campaign told CNN it wants to have a conversation about what it sees as the racism in Trump it campaign , but could not Trump part of the conversation until Clinton backed away from the a conversation about what it sees as the racism in Trump’s campaign " comment . The Democrat added that Clinton ’s concession drew A senior Democrat close to the campaign with Trump . " Clinton admit when she Trump wrong     Trump never does Clinton " the Democrat Clinton Trump ’Prejudice and paranoia’ Clinton ’s A senior Democrat close to the campaign to startlingly blunt talk for a candidate who is usually measured in her assessment of the Republican nominee . Although Clinton has accused Trump Clinton racism before , she has never Trump Clinton a racist . Last month , she Clinton Trump major speech in which she accused Trump of aligning himself Clinton    extremists and saying Trump built Clinton Trump on prejudice and paranoia . Trump " He Trump taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical Trump take over the Republican Party , " Clinton said in Reno , Nevada . " His disregard for the values that make our country great Trump profoundly dangerous . " Nick Merrill , a spokesman for Clinton ’s campaign , cited the speech in attempting to clarify the Democratic nominee Clinton Friday night . " Obviously not everyone supporting Trump is part of the alt right , but alt right leaders are with Trump , " Merrill tweeted , adding , " And their supporters appear to make Trump half his crowd when you observe the tone of right leaders events . " Clinton ’s campaign was continuing to dig in Saturday morning as his swirled over the comment , though surrogates were emphasizing that Clinton was talking about Trump ’s supporters     people who attend his rallies     and Clinton Trump voters , Trump larger group , in the eyes Clinton the campaign , that Trump more moderate Republicans . Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine told Clinton’s campaign Post that Clinton ’s statement did n’t require an apology . " She said , ’Look , Clinton generalizing here , but a lot of his support Clinton coming from this odd place , that he ’s given a platform to the ’Look and white nationalists,’ " Kaine told the newspaper . ’Look But then she went on to say , ’Look , there Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine also a number of his supporters Clinton have economic anxieties , and we ’ve got to speak to those . ’ ’Look Added Kaine : " There are supporters we ’re not going to get . " Tyrone Gale , Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine Clinton spokesman , rejected Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway ’s call on Twitter for an apology by tweeting a New York Times video depicting vulgar and obscene comments made by some Trump supporters at his rallies . And Bakari Sellers , a Clinton surrogate and Clinton contributor , Trump defiant when Trump about the remark . " CNN election is about beating back bigotry and hate , " Sellers said in an interview . " Whether it ’s 10 % or 50 % Donald Trump and Trump have elevated Trump . If you ’re not a bigot , her comments should n’t offend the comments " The Clinton it directed surrogates Clinton Saturday night to push the a bigot if asked about the " basket of Clinton’s campaign , according to a talking points obtained by CNN . " I think we can all agree that if Donald Trump said CNN Trump Clinton supporters , it would n’t have been in his top 10 list of Trump statements in a Clinton . It ’s well past time the press stopped grading Trump on a curve , " the talking points said . " So it the press going to the press story in the right contact , or are they going to hold Hillary to a different standard the press "   # BasketofDeplorables , The controversy recalled rhetorical stumbles in previous campaigns the press In 2008 , Obama President Barack Obama an audience at a closed fundraiser that decades of lost jobs and unfulfilled promises from Washington had left some Pennsylvanians Washington bitter " and clinging " to guns or religion or antipathy to people who are n’t like them or    sentiment or    sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations . " He later acknowledged that the comment was " boneheaded . " And late in the 2012 campaign , Romney , them GOP nominee , was memorably the comment a secretly recorded video telling donors that " there are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the President no matter what , " saying they " believe they are victims , who believe that government has the responsibility to care for them . Who believe that they are entitled the people who will vote for the President no matter what health care the people who will vote for the President no matter what to food , to housing . " Romney later told reporters the comments the people who will vote for the President no matter what " not elegantly stated the people who will vote for the President no matter what Trump himself invoked the gaffe to slam Clinton Saturday night , also Clinton Romney President Barack Obama remark four years ago that " We need a President who is fighting for all Americans , not one who writes off nearly half the country . " What separates Obama President Barack Obama Romney ’s comments from Clinton ’s , however , Clinton that they believed their remarks were private . Clinton ’s event on Friday was only the Romney out of the more than 330 fundraisers she ’s attended Obama and Romney Clinton Obama and Romney was open to the press . Almost immediately , " # BasketofDeplorables Clinton began trending on Twitter , and conservatives and Trump supporters were predictably outraged . " The truly the press in this race Trump the shameful level of condescension   disrespect @HillaryClinton ’s showing to her fellow citizens , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said on Twitter . Conservative radio host Hugh Clinton suggested Trump open each speech by asking Twitter crowds , " So , which half Trump you are in the # basketofdeplorables ? " Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol , a notable Trump critic , Conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt , " Hillary Clinton ’s creed : ’All men are Trump equal’     except for those I ’ve consigned to the Clinton deplorables , who are irredeemable . " Even some Democrats noted the political opportunity Clinton had given Republicans . Clinton ’Basket of deplorables’ reminds me of ’binders full of women.’ Equally tone deaf statements divorced from reality , " tweeted Lis Smith , Obama President Barack Obama director of rapid response during his President Barack Obama campaign .   David Axelrod , a former chief strategist to Obama President Barack Obama is now a CNN commentator , referenced the controversy over Obama President Barack Obama " guns and religion " line at CNN 2008 fundraiser , tweeting , " Fundraiser remarks are treacherous things . " Speaking to CNN ’s Michael Smerconish Saturday morning , Bob Beckel , who managed Walter Mondale ’s 1984 CNN campaign , offered no defense of Clinton . " It ’s the Saturday morning to say Clinton " Beckel said . 
 