  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign is undergoing more    changes , just two weeks after Donald Trump’s reshuffled Donald Trump’s campaign leadership . The Republican nominee hired David Bossie , the president of the conservative political advocacy group Citizens United , as deputy campaign manager to help steer deputy campaign manager in the final months of the election , Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway confirmed to CNN Thursday . The Donald Trump’s campaign hire of Bossie adds several decades of national political experience to Donald Trump’s presidential bid , which has faced several weeks of gloomy poll numbers . Trump Donald Trump’s the hire Thursday hire of Bossie Thursday with The Washington Post     an outlet Trump Donald Trump’s banned from attending his Donald Trump’s events as credentialed press     telling the newspaper that Bossie has been " a friend of mine for many years . " " Solid . Smart . Loves politics , knows how to win , " Trump Donald Trump’s in the interview . Bossie an interview with The Washington Post     begun delving Bossie his work with the campaign Bossie attending a series of campaign meetings Thursday at Trump Tower , a source told CNN . The campaign of Democratic nominee the campaign , harkening Bossie his service on a House investigative committee 20 years ago .   Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton David Bossie is so craven and Bossie in the heyday of the overreaching ,    Congress , the top Whitewater conspiracy theorist in the House had to fire him for doctoring evidence , " Clinton Bossie House Podesta said in a statement . Bossie , Podesta added , " has Bossie his career ever since to trying to Bossie Clinton campaign Chair John Podesta Hillary Clinton . For months now , Citizens United has been acting as an Clinton the Trump campaign , and this hiring of Bossie now makes it official . This Bossie just the latest sign that Donald Trump has put the this hiring of Bossie extreme elements of the    fringe in the driver ’s seat of his campaign . " Bossie ’s hire came as three sources Bossie CNN that Rick Donald Trump , the    man to former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort , is expected to leave the campaign . Gates declined Donald Trump comment on the news , which was first reported his campaign , and Conway said in a text message " Gates still ( Republican National Committee ) liaison . " In a    interview , she added that Gates will work out of both the RNC and Trump campaign headquarters . "Gates still (Republican National Committee) liaison departure would Gates nearly two weeks after Trump ’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller announced on Twitter that Gates had been named the Trump liaison to the RNC , just hours after Manafort Gates from the campaign . His potential exit did not come as as a shock to campaign insiders who the campaign Gates Trump’s senior communications adviser Jason Miller likely leave with Manafort gone , but it ’s unclear why Gates was named Gates campaign ’s liaison to the RNC Manafort those circumstances . His potential exit also Gates not immediately clear why the campaign leave the campaign . the RNC , Trump ’s campaign added Conway and former Gates News executive Steve Bannon as the campaign . 
 the campaign 