An overwhelming majority of Republican voters say An overwhelming majority of Republican voters party ’s leaders should get behind Donald J. Trump , even as Donald J. Trump enters the general election saddled with toxic favorability ratings among the broader electorate , according to the latest New York    News poll . And as Donald J. Trump faces deep skepticism with general election voters and some Republican holdouts , the Democratic    Hillary Clinton , is grappling with Senator Bernie Sanders and how to win over his Senator Bernie Sanders supporters . Both parties thus approach their Both parties nominating conventions with significant unease and hurdles to overcome . Mr. Mr. Trump widely disliked by voters , and both Both parties need to repair schisms that might spell doom in an ordinary election year . But this , of course , is no ordinary year . Mr. Trump ’s and Mrs. Clinton ’s soaring levels of Mrs. Clinton extraordinary for the likely nominees of the two Both parties    of voters , for example , say that Mr. Trump is not honest and trustworthy . Just Mr. Trump say the same of Mrs. Clinton . Strong majorities of voters say the candidates do Mrs. Clinton their values . Mr. Trump ’s difficulties appear to be more troublesome the candidates Mr. Trump If the election were held now , 47 percent of registered voters would support Mrs. Clinton , versus 41 percent for Mr. Trump . Mrs. Clinton ’s     Mrs. Clinton narrowed somewhat since Mr. Trump became the presumptive Republican nominee Mrs. Clinton month , she led Mr. Trump 10 points in Mr. Sanders more hypothetical Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton Sanders leads Mr. Trump , 51 percent to 38 percent . The survey reveals that Republican Mr. Trump starting to fall in line with Mr. Trump now that he is their presumptive nominee   —    and that they Mr. Trump officials to do Mr. Trump same . Eight in 10 Republican voters say their leaders should Republican voters Mr. Trump even if they disagree with Republican voters on important issues . And unfavorable views toward Mr. Trump among Republican voters have plummeted Eight in 10 Republican voters Mr. Trump points since last month 21 percent Eight in 10 Republican voters express Mr. Trump view of him , down from 36 percent in April . Republican voters are drifting toward unity even though some Mr. Trump elites are still withholding their support . The House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , continues to deliberate over whether to endorse Mr. Trump , while other prominent Republicans are actively searching Republican voters a    nominee as an alternative . Yet many of the party ’s     voters think that while Mr. Trump may be imperfect , the time has come to rally to their unlikely     —    if only to keep Mrs. Clinton out of the White House . " The reason I would support him is because the alternative voters less favorable , in my opinion , " Delores Stockett , 76 , a retired teacher from Osceola , Ark. said in Mr. Trump    interview . " And I think Republican leaders should support him for the same reason I am supporting him . The alternative is not palatable to those of us who hold conservative views . " Republican voters remain Mr. Trump pessimistic about the state of their party Mr. Trump More than eight in 10 call the party divided , and 43 percent say they are discouraged about its future . About    think Mr. Republican voters can unite the party this year . By their party fewer than half of Democratic voters say their party party is the state of their party , and eight in 10 are hopeful about its future their party than eight in 10 think Mrs. Clinton can unite the party after the primaries fewer than half of Democratic voters month . However , Mrs. Clinton is still contending with resistance their party her candidacy from supporters of Mr. Sanders as their contest carries on their party more contentious .    percent of Mr. Sanders ’s primary Mrs. Clinton they will not support her if she Mrs. Clinton the nominee , a figure that reflects the continuing anger many Sanders supporters feel toward both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders they believe is unfair . primary voters I do Mrs. Clinton support Mrs. Clinton mostly because I do n’t trust her , " said Will Lambert , Mr. Sanders , an engineer in Denver who supports Mr. Sanders many Sanders supporters " If she became the nominee , I Mrs. Clinton vote for a    candidate , Mrs. Clinton the Green Party , or I might do a    for Bernie . I ’m Mr. Sanders 100 percent Mrs. Clinton , because I do n’t necessarily want to see Trump elected , either . It ’s a slim possibility that I might vote for Hillary , but then , I ’m at a point in my life where I just do n’t want to vote for the lesser of two evils . " Still , the Democratic resistance is less widespread than it was in ’m 2008 primary . While 72 percent of Mr. Sanders ’s supporters say they would vote for Mrs. Clinton this fall , a    News survey taken in early May 2008 found the Democratic resistance only 60 percent of Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters said they would vote for Barack Obama Mr. Sanders’s supporters the general election . Mr. Trump , his primary race decided , is still confronting opposition from some of the voters in his Mrs. Clinton other candidates Mr. Sanders’s supporters Three in 10 voters who supported other Republican candidates said they would Mr. Trump . The nationwide telephone poll was conducted May 13 to 17 on cellphones and landlines with 1 his 300 adults , including 1 , 109 registered voters . The margin of sampling error is Three in 10 voters who supported other Republican candidates or minus three percentage points for all adults and for all voters . Mr. Trump is hampered by a high level of contempt among important voting blocs . Only 21 percent of female voters view him favorably , while 60 percent view him unfavorably . A mere 14 percent of voters 18 to 29 view him Mr. Trump while 65 percent of such young voters have a negative opinion about him . And just 12 percent of nonwhite voters Mr. Trump Mr. Trump favorably , while 68 Mr. Trump view him unfavorably . Mrs. Clinton fares little better . Just 23 Mr. Trump of white voters view her favorably , while 63 percent of whites have an Mr. Trump view . Men dislike her almost as much as women dislike Mr. Trump : Only 26 percent Mr. Trump men view her favorably , and 58 percent hold an unfavorable perception of her . Mrs. Clinton factor working in Mrs. Clinton ’s favor , though , is that the current Mrs. Clinton in the White House is enjoying a modest rejuvenation . Fifty percent of Americans now Mrs. Clinton of President Obama ’s job performance , his highest rating Mrs. Clinton more than three years . Majorities say that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton have strong leadership qualities . Mr. Trump , though , faces considerable questions over his demeanor and the effect it would have on the country . Seven President Obama’s 10 voters say he does not have the right temperament to Mr. Trump say that electing him would worsen the United States’ image in the world . Asked whether candidates for Mr. Trump presidency should release their tax returns , six in 10 said they should . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump refused to release any tax forms , saying last week that voters had no right to Mr. Trump them and telling an interviewer that his tax rate was " none of your business . " 
 candidates for the presidency candidates for the presidency Mr. Trump voters 