West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath insists that Donald Trump must be banned from speaking in West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath city in the name of " diversity . " [ West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath defended West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath stance on CNN Tuesday , saying West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath city , which is the heart of the gay community in Los Angeles , was " open " and " welcoming "   —   and therefore the Republican presidential frontrunner could not campaign there .    OO . ready ( function ( )   ) " You know , West Hollywood is a very diverse community , " West Hollywood Mayor Lindsey Horvath told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin . " CNN ’re over 40 percent LGBT . CNN have    immigrants , some of whom were concentration camp survivors . CNN ’re the first declared    city in America . the first declared   city in America is very diverse , CNN ’re very open , CNN ’re very welcoming . And that ’s the kind of community CNN want to continue to be . " " And the way that Donald Trump has used hate speech , his Donald Trump tactics , and systemically targeting people for their people , for their people of origin , for their people , is not the kind of behavior , not the kind of language that we want in our we , " Horvath added . Last week , the     mayor penned an    in the LGBT publication The Advocate explaining that Trump would not be allowed to hold campaign events and rallies in the small Los Angeles County city . " The campaign has gone beyond its The campaign to express a political point of view or policy differences , which we all have to greater or lesser degrees , " Horvath wrote . " The hate speech and implicit calls to violence coming from Trump Trump his Trump are beyond the pale and have no place in any community in our country . " In a    email to the Washington Examiner , Horvath Horvath she Horvath instructed city staff to refuse to issue events permits to the his campaign and that it was " well with[in ] [ their ] right " to do so . Breitbart News legal editor Ken Klukowski has said previously that Horvath Horvath could constitute prior restraint , and would therefore be a violation of First Amendment protections . During her appearance on CNN , Horvath declined Horvath answer directly Baldwin ’s question about whether she possesses the authority Baldwin instruct city staff to deny event permits . The mayor also declined to address the potential illegality or unconstitutionality of her order , instead The mayor the anchor that Trump ’s rhetoric constitutes " hate speech " and is therefore not protected by law . " The city is going to follow the law , " law Horvath " This is n’t about free speech , this is about hate speech . We are able and willing to exercise our voice and use our We amendment rights to We we want to elevate the We here . we ’re demanding civil discourse We That ’s not too much to ask , certainly not of someone who ’s running for the highest office in the land . He should respect the office someone who’s running for the highest office in the land treating it the highest office in the land respect that it the highest office in the land . " Watch Horvath the highest office in the land full interview on CNN above . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 