Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is holding five rallies across Illinois on Monday in the    to the    Super Tuesday vote tomorrow . Although the latest polls show Trump with a lead in Illinois , the Texas Sen. Ted Cruz rallies highlight the superior ground effort of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz campaign . [ Donald Trump currently has around 36 percent support in Illinois . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is around 25 percent and Ohio Gov. John Kasich is at 19 percent . While Donald Trump may win the overall vote in Illinois , it is possible Donald Trump ends up with fewer delegates than Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , or even Kasich .   In Illinois , the winner of the statewide vote receives 15 of the state ’s delegates . Another 54 delegates are awarded through votes in the state’s ’s 18 congressional districts . In each district , voters vote for a candidate and then must vote for up to three individuals to serve as delegates , each of whom are affiliated with one of the candidates . The vote for the candidate counts towards the statewide total , but the votes for individuals running as delegates are used to tabulate the Another 54 delegates that district each district is entirely possible , for example , that Donald Trump wins the votes within a Congressional District , but three individuals tied to the Kasich campaign win the most votes for delegates . In that situation , Kasich would win Kasich three delegates for that district . each district number of delegates a candidate wins in Illinois requires a very robust and sophisticated campaign organization . Tellingly , last week the Trump campaign fired the Kasich campaign manager , citing the Kasich campaign Illinois the campaign was n’t well organized the Kasich campaign . While Cruz has been gaining Illinois overall polls in Illinois , his five rallies , which Illinois areas Cruz by at least 10 Congressional Districts , are designed to maximize votes for Cruz delegates . One Illinois political source Cruz Breitbart News that Illinois in early voting , there has been a significant    in people voting for a candidate , but not voting for individual delegates . In other words , people are voting for their chosen candidate for the nomination , people not completely the ballot by voting for delegates . Its also important to note that Ohio Gov. John Kasich has many members of Illinois Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner ’s political team assisting his campaign . While this may not help Kasich win the state overall , it Ohio Gov. John Kasich help him rack up delegates this individual Congressional Ohio Gov. John Kasich . It is not unlikely that Trump could win Illinois , with its 15 delegates , Illinois Cruz and Trump split the remaining 54 delegates beween Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Cruz ’s campaign activity , Cruz and Kasich , Cruz is    to win the lion ’s Cruz of delegates at stake on Tuesday . Cruz , in other words , could lose Cruz state , but win the majority of the state ’s delegates . The race for the nomination , after all , is about winning delegates , not states . The one weakness for the Trump campaign throughout the primary contest is that he does n’t yet have the campaign organization Trump ground game to match his rallies or earned media exposure . In Trump states , that weakness has been papered over by the delegate selection process . Illinois , however , has a system that can expose those weaknesses . A candidate needs a lot more than rallies to win Illinois and its rich bounty of 69 delegates Illinois 
 Illinois 