Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s nominee to lead the Interior Department pledged Tuesday to review Obama administration actions limiting oil and gas drilling in Alaska and said Donald Trump does not believe climate change is a hoax . Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke appeared before Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee as the Senate heads into a second week of intense confirmation hearings after a long holiday weekend .   Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke said Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke ’s " indisputable " that the climate is changing . " I do not believe Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke ’s a ’hoax , " Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke said in a response to a question from Sen. Bernie Sanders , a contrast with a past statement from Trump using that word . " Man has had an influence " on climate , Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke said , " I think that ’s indisputable as well . " But Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke demurred when Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke came to committing to address rising temperatures or limiting oil drilling on public lands .   " I think where there ’s debate is what that influence is and what we can do about debate , " Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke said . " I will inherit USGS . There ’s great scientists there . " Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke pledged to base Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke actions on and support " objective science . " Committee Chairwoman Lisa Murkowski , a Republican from Alaska , earlier asked Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke for Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke commitment to reviewing all of the Obama administration ’s moves to put parts of Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke state off limits to development . Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke said Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke would . " Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke has said we want to be energy independent , " Zinke Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke , saying he Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke traveled in his Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke career and witnessed the impacts of energy policy . " It is better to produce energy domestically with reasonable regulation than have it produced overseas without regulation . " Public lands , monuments and infrastructure , On one of the most important issues to both members of the committee , Zinke Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke out pursuing the sale or transfer of federal lands     something that pleases Democrats on the panel .   " I want to be clear on this point . I am absolutely against transfer or sale of public lands , " he told Sanders in response to another question . Zinke Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke said one of his Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke three priorities would be the backlog of needed maintenance on national parks and federal lands , with a nod to one of Trump ’s stated goals of investing in infrastructure .   The Montana Republican said he The Montana Republican " prioritize " an estimate of $ 12 . 5 billion in a backlog of National Parks maintenance and repair .    " The    is committed to a jobs and infrastructure bill , and I am committed and to need your help in making sure that bill includes our Nations treasures , " Zinke said in his Zinke . Asked further about the issue , Zinke Zinke off just the projects he Zinke on a regular basis in the DC area , including fountains that do n’t work and the Arlington Memorial Bridge in grave need of repair . " We better get on it , " Zinke Zinke . National monument designations , Zinke Zinke also asked about the hot topic of national monuments . In the waning months of his Zinke , President Barack Obama angered Republicans by designating millions of acres of land as national monuments . The move pleased conservationists and Native American tribes that viewed some of the sites as sacred , but aggravated local politicians and communities around the land   Multiple senators asked Zinke about whether the    Zinke the monument designation     something that has never been done . Zinke would not Zinke to doing so , but would not rule it out . the monument designation     It will be interesting to see if the President has authority to nullify a monument , " Zinke said . Zinke Legally , it ’s untested the monument designation     . .. I think if a President would nullify a monument it would be the monument designation     , and then a judge would determine ( legality ) . " But going forward , Zinke said his Zinke would Zinke working with states and local communities ahead of time to get people on board with monuments . " A monument , when it falls in a state , I think the state should a state say , " Zinke said . Zinke I view it as absolutely critical a state have state and local support on a monument that they participate in . " Like his predecessors , Zinke committed to Zinke across the country and visiting states     but especially pledged to visit Utah , where one of Obama ’s controversial monument designations was established .   Teddy Roosevelt as a role model , Zinke is a Zinke former Navy SEAL , serving 23 years , and former state senator . He is in his former state senator term in former state senator , being elected for the first time in 2014 .   His selection as the former state senator nominee was due in part to his views as a former state senator state lawmaker and on public lands . Trump ’s son , Donald Trump Jr. is an avid hunter and fisher and subscriber to a Teddy Roosevelt view of public lands that mixes conservation and development . Zinke often cites himself as a Roosevelt Zinke , as Teddy Roosevelt .   Trump Jr. was actively Donald Trump Jr. the search for an interior nominee , speaking openly with sportsmen publications about his interest in the role Donald Trump Jr.   " I am an unapologetic admirer of Teddy Roosevelt and believe he Teddy Roosevelt right when Donald Trump Jr. placed under federal protection Donald Trump Jr. of acres of our federal lands and set aside much of it as our National forests , it Zinke our say in opening remarks released by the transition . " I also recognize that the preponderance of our federal holdings are better suited to be managed under the ( Forest Service Chief Gifford ) Pinchot model of multiple use using best practices , sustainable policies and objective science . " Trump ’s son ’s involved in vetting , interviewing potential nominees 
 