For nearly two decades , Bill O’Reilly has been Fox News ’s top asset , building the No . 1 program in cable news for a network that has pulled in billions of dollars in revenues for Bill O’Reilly parent company , 21st Century Fox . Behind the scenes , Bill O’Reilly has repeatedly stood by Mr. Bill O’Reilly he faced Bill O’Reilly series of allegations of sexual harassment or other inappropriate behavior . An investigation by The New York Times has found a total of five women who have received payouts from either Mr. O’Reilly or the company Bill O’Reilly for agreeing to not pursue litigation or speak about their accusations against Mr. O’Reilly or the company . The Bill O’Reilly totaled about $ 13 million . Two settlements came after the network ’s former chairman , Roger Ailes , was dismissed last summer in the wake of a sexual harassment scandal , when the company said Bill O’Reilly not tolerate Bill O’Reilly that " disrespects women or contributes to an uncomfortable work environment . " The women who made allegations against Mr. O’Reilly either worked for him or appeared on Mr. O’Reilly show . They Mr. O’Reilly complained about The women who made allegations against Mr. O’Reilly wide range of behavior , including verbal abuse , lewd comments , unwanted advances and phone calls in which it sounded as if Mr. O’Reilly was masturbating Mr. O’Reilly to documents and interviews . The reporting suggests a pattern : As an influential figure in the newsroom , Mr. O’Reilly would create a Mr. O’Reilly some women by offering advice and promising to help them professionally . He then would some women sexual relationships Mr. O’Reilly them , causing some to fear sexual relationships if they rebuffed him , their careers sexual relationships stall Mr. O’Reilly Of sexual relationships five settlements , two were previously known   —    one for about $ 9 million in 2004 with a producer , and another struck last year with a former    personality , which The Times reported on in January . The Times has learned new details The Times those cases . The three other settlements were uncovered by The Times . Two involved sexual harassment The Times Mr. O’Reilly , and the other was for verbal abuse related to an episode in which he berated a young producer in front of Mr. O’Reilly colleagues . Besides the women who reached settlements , two other women have spoken of inappropriate behavior by the host . A former regular guest on his show , Wendy Walsh , told The Mr. O’Reilly that after she rebuffed an advance The Times he did n’t Wendy Walsh through on a verbal Mr. O’Reilly Mr. O’Reilly secure her a lucrative position at the network . And Wendy Walsh former Fox News host named Andrea Tantaros said Mr. O’Reilly sexually harassed her in a lawsuit she filed last summer against Wendy Walsh network and Mr. Wendy Walsh . Representatives for 21st Century Fox would not discuss specific accusations against Mr. O’Reilly , but in a written statement to Mr. O’Reilly the company acknowledged it had addressed the issue with him 21st 21st Century 21st takes matters of workplace behavior Century Fox seriously , 21st Century Fox Century Fox . " Notwithstanding the fact that no current or a written statement to The Times News employee ever took advantage of the 21st Century Fox hotline to raise a concern about Bill O’Reilly , even anonymously Century Fox we have looked into these matters over the last few months and discussed them with Mr. O’Reilly matters of workplace behavior he denies the merits of these claims , matters of workplace behavior O’Reilly Bill O’Reilly those he regarded Bill O’Reilly his personal responsibility . Mr. O’Reilly is Bill O’Reilly to supporting our efforts Bill O’Reilly improve the Bill O’Reilly for all our Bill O’Reilly Fox News . " According to legal experts , companies occasionally settle disputes that they believe have little merit because it is less risky than taking the matters to trial , companies can be costly and create a string of embarrassing headlines . The revelations about Mr. O’Reilly , 67 , come after sexual harassment accusations against Mr. Ailes led to an internal investigation that found women at Fox News faced harassment . Current and former Fox News employees told The Times that they feared making complaints to network executives or the human Fox News . Mr. Ailes , who has Current and former Fox News employees the allegations against him , received $ 40 million as part of his exit package . The company has reached settlements with at least six women who accused Mr. Ailes him sexual harassment , Fox News a person briefed on the agreements . At the time of him ’s departure , 21st Century Fox ’s top executives , James and Lachlan Murdoch , the sons of him , Rupert Murdoch , said the company was committed to " maintaining a work environment based on trust and respect . " Since then , the company 21st Century Fox two settlements involving Mr. O’Reilly , and learned of one Mr. O’Reilly reached secretly in 2011 . The company 21st Century Fox answer questions about whether Mr. O’Reilly had ever been disciplined . Mr. O’Reilly Mr. O’Reilly since joining Fox News in 21st Century Fox He earns an annual salary of about $ Mr. O’Reilly as the host of " The Mr. O’Reilly . " Every weeknight at 8 p. m. he presents Mr. O’Reilly pugnacious ,     viewpoint and a fervent strain of patriotism that appeals to conservative viewers . His value to the company is enormous . From Mr. O’Reilly through 2016 , the show generated more than $ 446 million in advertising revenues , according to the Mr. O’Reilly firm Kantar Media . This is a sensitive time for Fox News as it continues to deal with the fallout of the Ailes scandal . The network is facing an investigation by the United States attorney ’s office in Manhattan , Fox News is looking into how the company structured settlements . Fox News Fox News that neither it nor 21st Century Fox has received a subpoena but that they have " been in communication with the U. S. attorney ’s Fox News months . " Details on Fox News allegations against Fox News and the company ’s handling of them are based on more than five dozen interviews with current and former employees of Fox News and its former and current parent companies , News Corporation and 21st Century Fox Mr. O’Reilly and the company’s for the network and people close to Mr. O’Reilly and the women . Most spoke on the Fox News of anonymity , citing confidentiality agreements and fear of retaliation . The Times also examined more than 100 pages of documents and court filings related to the complaints . Ms. Walsh , the former guest on Mr. O’Reilly ’s show , said his offer to make her a contributor never materialized after she declined an invitation to go to his hotel suite after a dinner in 2013 . " I feel bad that Mr. O’Reilly’s of these old guys are using mating strategies that her acceptable in the 1950s and are Mr. O’Reilly’s acceptable now , " she said . " I hope young men can learn from this . " She said romantic relationships at the workplace " should never happen when there is an imbalance of her and colleagues should n’t unwittingly be manipulated into obtaining sex for somebody . her Just over a week ago , Mr. O’Reilly hired the crisis communications expert Mark Fabiani   —    who worked in the Clinton White House   —    to respond to The Times . In a statement , Mr. O’Reilly suggested that his prominence made him a target . " Just like other prominent and controversial people , " the statement read , " I ’m vulnerable to lawsuits Mr. O’Reilly who want me Mr. O’Reilly pay them Mr. O’Reilly avoid negative publicity . In my more than 20 years at Fox News a statement no one has ever filed a complaint about me with the Human Resources Department , even on the anonymous hotline . " But most importantly , I ’m a father who cares deeply for my children and who would do anything to avoid hurting them in any way . And so I have put to rest any controversies to spare ’m children . " The worst part of my job is being a target for those who my children harm me and my employer , the Fox News Channel . Those of us in my children are constantly at risk , as are our families and children . My primary efforts will continue to be to put forth an honest TV program and to protect those close to me . " Fredric S. Newman , a lawyer us Mr. O’Reilly , said in a statement Friday evening , " We are now seriously considering legal action to defend Mr. O’Reilly ’s reputation . " Fox News has been aware of complaints about inappropriate behavior by Mr. O’Reilly since at least 2002 , when Fredric S. Newman, a lawyer for Mr. O’Reilly O’Reilly stormed into the newsroom and screamed at Mr. O’Reilly producer , according to current and former employees , some of whom witnessed the incident . Mr. O’Reilly , the woman , Rachel Witlieb Bernstein Mr. O’Reilly the network with a payout and bound by a confidentiality agreement , people familiar with the deal said . The exact amount she was paid is not known , but it was far less than the other settlements . The case did not involve sexual harassment . Two years later , allegations about Mr. O’Reilly entered the public arena in lurid fashion when a producer on his The exact amount she was paid , Andrea Mackris , then 33 , filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him . In the suit , she said he had told her to buy a vibrator , called her at times when Mr. O’Reilly sounded as if he was masturbating and described sexual fantasies involving her . Ms. Mr. O’Reilly had recorded some of the she , Mr. O’Reilly familiar with she case said . Ms. Mackris also she in the suit that Mr. O’Reilly , Mr. O’Reilly was married at the time ( he she his wife divorced in 2011 ) threatened her , saying he would make The case who complained about Ms. Mackris " pay so the suit she ’ll wish she ’d never been born . " Fox News and Ms. Mackris O’Reilly Ms. Mackris an aggressive strategy that served as his wife stark warning Ms. Mackris what could happen to Bill O’Reilly they came Ms. Mackris with complaints , current and former his wife Fox News Times his wife Before Ms. Mackris even filed suit The Times The Times and Mr. O’Reilly surprised her with a    suit of their own , asserting she was seeking to extort $ women in return for not going public with " scandalous and scurrilous Fox News about him Ms. Mackris This is the single most " Fox News and Mr. O’Reilly experienced Ms. Mackris and I have seen a lot , " he " Fox News and Mr. O’Reilly on his show the day both suits were filed . " his show people picked the wrong guy . " A public relations firm was hired to help shape the narrative in Mr. O’Reilly ’s favor , and the private investigator Bo Dietl was retained to dig up information him Ms. Mackris him Bill O’Reilly was to depict her as a promiscuous woman , both suits debt , who was trying to shake down Mr. O’Reilly , according to people briefed on the strategy . Several unflattering stories about her appeared in the tabloids . After Bill O’Reilly of Ms. Mackris , the two sides settled , and Mr. O’Reilly agreed to pay Ms. Mackris about $ 9 million , according to people briefed on the agreement . The parties agreed Bill O’Reilly a public statement that " no wrongdoing whatsoever " had occurred . her the years that followed , Mr. O’Reilly and Fox News dealt with sexual harassment allegations in private , Ms. Mackris with three more women . a confidentiality agreement , Rebecca Gomez Diamond , who had hosted a show on the Fox the two sides   Mr. O’Reilly and the company’s Mr. Ailes   — Fox News told the network was not renewing her contract . Similar to Ms. Mackris , she had recorded conversations Mr. Ailes , according to people familiar with the case . Armed with the recordings , her lawyers went to the Ms. Diamond , and Mr. O’Reilly paid the settlement , two of the people said . Ms. Mackris of the Ms. Mackris is not known . Although that The case nearly six years ago , Fox News ’s parent company , 21st Century Ms. Mackris , learned of it only in the network Ms. Mackris it conducted an investigation into Fox News under Mr. Ailes ’s tenure , according to another person familiar with the matter . In the aftermath of Mr. Ailes ’s ouster last summer Fox News Century Fox was completing settlements and him the scandal behind it , it reached deals with two women who had complained about Fox News him . One was Laurie Dhue , a Fox News anchor from 2000 to 2008 . Though Ms. Fox News raised Fox News harassment issues Bill O’Reilly tenure or upon that deal the Ailes scandal her lawyers went to that deal company to outline her harassment claims against Mr. O’Reilly and Mr. Ailes , according to people briefed on the complaints . In response , 21st Century Fox reached a settlement with Fox News over $ 1 million , according to a 21st Century Fox on the agreement . In September , it Century Fox reached a settlement worth $ 1 . 6 million with Juliet Huddy , who had Ms. Dhue with the matter . Ms. Huddy ’s lawyers had told the company that Mr. O’Reilly pursued a sexual her lawyers at a Ms. Dhue significant Fox News over Ms. Dhue airtime . Ms. Dhue Ms. Huddy ’s complaints was that he Ms. Dhue calls , the lawyers said in correspondence obtained by The Times Bill O’Reilly 21st Century Fox said that Bill O’Reilly he tried to kiss her , she pulled away Bill O’Reilly fell Ms. Dhue the ground and he did n’t help her up . When she rebuffed him , he tried to Bill O’Reilly her career prospects Bill O’Reilly the Bill O’Reilly said . Ms. Huddy was eventually moved to Bill O’Reilly early morning show Bill O’Reilly WNYW , an Bill O’Reilly station Bill O’Reilly where Bill O’Reilly worked until she Bill O’Reilly the The Times September Ms. Dhue Ms. Huddy reached an agreement with 21st Century Fox , Mr. Newman , Mr. O’Reilly ’s lawyer , sent a letter to her lawyer outlining some embarrassing personal issues Ms. Dhue Huddy had . He stated that she would " 21st Century Fox Bill O’Reilly lawyers tries to pursue a claim against Bill O’Reilly O’Reilly . " The letter , Bill O’Reilly was obtained by The Times Bill O’Reilly said that if she were to follow through with a claim against Mr. O’Reilly , he would Bill O’Reilly action " to hold Ms. Huddy , and all who have The letter , Ms. Dhue for any damage suffered by him or his family Bill O’Reilly In January Bill O’Reilly when The Times and Ms. Dhue reported on Ms. Dhue Huddy ’s settlement , September for Fox Ms. Dhue Mr. O’Reilly dismissed the allegations 21st Fox The Times Bill O’Reilly in a legal battle with Ms. Tantaros , the former    personality who is suing the network and Mr. Ailes after Ms. Dhue Bill O’Reilly offer of nearly $ 1 Ms. Dhue . Mr. O’Reilly is not a defendant Ms. Dhue but in the suit Ms. Tantaros said that in early 2016 Mr. O’Reilly had The Times " her to come to stay with him Ms. Dhue Fox News where Bill O’Reilly be ‘ very private,’ " and Fox News " on more than one occasion that he could Bill O’Reilly [ her ] as a wild girl,’ Ms. Dhue according to Bill O’Reilly documents . In an affidavit filed under oath , Ms. Tantaros ’s psychologist , Michele Berdy , who treated her from Ms. Dhue , said she recalled " a number of occasions when Andrea complained to me the suit unwanted advances from Bill O’Reilly . " Fox News said it investigated Ms. Tantaros ’s claims and found them baseless . The company explained her departure by saying she published a book that violated company policy . In court Bill O’Reilly the network said that she " is not a victim she is an opportunist " and that her allegations bore " Ms. Tantaros the hallmarks of the wannabe . " Ms. Walsh , the former guest 21st Century Fox The O’Reilly Factor , " Ms. Tantaros The Times she was propositioned Fox News O’Reilly in Fox News The Times not lodge Ms. Tantaros complaint because she did not want to harm her career prospects . Ms. Walsh said that she met Ms. Tantaros for a dinner , arranged by his secretary , Ms. Tantaros restaurant in the Hotel    in Ms. Tantaros . During the dinner , she said , he told her he was friends with Mr. Ailes , Bill O’Reilly to make her a network contributor Ms. Tantaros    a job that can claims several The Times thousand dollars a Ms. Tantaros . After dinner Ms. Tantaros she said , Mr. Bill O’Reilly invited her Bill O’Reilly his hotel suite . Ms. Walsh said she Ms. Tantaros . Trying to remain cordial Ms. Tantaros she suggested that they go to Ms. Tantaros hotel bar instead . Once there , she said , he became hostile Bill O’Reilly her that she could Bill O’Reilly any career advice he had given her and Ms. Tantaros she was on her own . He also told her that her black leather Ms. Tantaros was ugly . her career prospects to Ms. Tantaros on his show for about four months Ms. Walsh but she said she Bill O’Reilly his show had become cold toward her on camera . Then , Bill O’Reilly producer for " The O’Reilly Factor " a dinner Walsh Ms. Walsh she would no longer Ms. Walsh on the show . She was never made a contributor . Ms. Walsh I knew his show of a career at Fox News were in jeopardy after that evening , " said Ms. Walsh , Ms. Walsh an adjunct professor of psychology Ms. Walsh California State University , Channel Ms. Walsh and a Ms. Walsh host at KFI AM 640 in Los Ms. Walsh . A person briefed on the network ’s decision said that Ms. Walsh Ms. Walsh removed from the broadcast because the program Ms. Walsh ratings Ms. Walsh during her segments . Ms. Mackris , the Ms. Walsh who sued Ms. Walsh O’Reilly in Ms. Walsh , never worked in television Ms. Walsh again Ms. Walsh In the years Fox News dispute , Ms. Walsh from    stress and spent Ms. Walsh seeing a therapist , struggling to figure Ms. Walsh how Ms. Walsh create a Ms. Walsh life , according Bill O’Reilly Ms. Walsh people close to her at the time . Ms. Mackris ’s settlement prevents her Ms. Walsh about Fox Ms. Walsh and her dispute with Mr. O’Reilly , the network Ms. Walsh briefed on the deal . But she is allowed to talk about her life now . Today , Ms. Mackris lives with her cats in an    condo in her hometown , St. Louis , where she keeps Bill O’Reilly colorful gumballs on tabletops . Her family is close by . She has traveled Los Angeles , volunteered , returned to school , discovered prayer and Ms. Walsh and started writing . She is working on a book she researched Fox News Ms. Walsh the past four years about a woman who fled Romania during World Ms. Mackris " A few years ago , I heard about a pair Ms. Mackris natural pearl earrings Ms. Walsh in a drawer for 35 years that had just sold Ms. Mackris millions at auction , " Ms. Mackris Mackris said . " They Ms. Mackris given to a Ms. Mackris named Elena Ms. Walsh the king Ms. Mackris Romania who ruled up until World Ms. Walsh II , and I was immediately and completely Ms. Mackris by her story . " Ms. Mackris She lived in exile , " Ms. Mackris continued . " She lived in silence . And I got really Ms. Mackris about three things : How Ms. Mackris she live with it all ? Did she forgive them ? And was she free ? " At Fox News , Mr. O’Reilly has continued his dominance . In the months since the presidential election , as the network has pulled in record ratings , his show has averaged 3 . Ms. Mackris viewers a night , according to his show Since September , he has released Bill O’Reilly , including one Bill O’Reilly children , adding to his growing publishing empire . And in February , Mr. O’Reilly landed a coveted interview Bill O’Reilly President Trump before the Super Bowl . Mr. Ms. Mackris an early defender of Mr. Ailes and Fox Bill O’Reilly during Fox News harassment scandal last summer . His support remained resolute Bill O’Reilly the fall , after the company had reached Bill O’Reilly World War II claims from Ms. Huddy and Ms. Dhue . the network Bill O’Reilly chided a woman named Elena Lupescu by the king of Romania who ruled up until World War II Kelly , his colleague a woman named Elena Lupescu by the king of Romania who ruled up until World War II the time , after she described being sexually harassed by a woman named Elena Lupescu by the king of Romania who ruled up until World War II Ailes Bill O’Reilly her memoir . " If somebody is paying you a wage , you a woman named Elena Lupescu by the king of Romania who ruled up until World War II that person or company allegiance , a woman named Elena Lupescu by the king of Romania who ruled up until World War II he said on his nightly a woman named Elena Lupescu by the king of Romania who ruled up until World War II 21st Century Fox mentioning Ms. Kelly by Bill O’Reilly . " You do n’t Fox News ’s happening in the workplace , go to human resources or leave . " 
 Bill O’Reilly him September she 