Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump downplayed Russia ’s role in the election after a briefing with top US intelligence officials , even as a declassified report of top US intelligence officials conclusions pointed definitively at Vladimir Putin .   " While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations , including the Democrat National Committee , there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election , including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines , " Trump said in a statement after the meeting . Trump also tried to defuse controversy over Trump criticism of the intelligence community and continued refusal to accept Moscow ’s actions , calling the meeting " constructive " and offering praise for the senior intel officials . Trump said Trump will appoint a team within 90 days to figure out ways to stop foreign hacking . The United States’ most senior intelligence officials briefed Trump on Russian hacking during the election campaign just hours after the    doubled down on Trump dismissal of the threat as an artificial and politically driven controversy , calling it a " witch hunt . "   Trump ’s Trump the intel officials took around 90 minutes at Trump Tower . A Trump spokeswoman said Trump officials who gave the briefing were Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , CIA Director John Brennan and FBI Director James Comey . A senior transition official described the meeting between Trump and intelligence Trump officials as " cordial , " not contentious . Trump asked questions Trump made clear his admiration for Trump community employees , the official added A senior transition official on the presentation Friday , which included new information , the official insisted that A senior transition official the transition ’s A senior transition official that the hacking was intended to harm Hillary Clinton more than to help Trump .   Trump official pointed to what A senior transition official told at the meeting , that the cyberactivity began in late 2015 and early 2016 , before it was clear Trump would be the cyberactivity nominee . So , the official asked , how could A senior transition official be a    operation if the hacking so early on . " This the hacking more an effort to discredit her than anything else , " the official said . Biden signs desk A senior transition official tradition , The official would not weigh in on the A senior transition official ’s main conclusion that Putin directed the hacking operation , saying it was based on classified information . In a statement the hacking operation accompanying the release of a declassified report on Russian involvement , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said that the " intelligence community did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election Russian "   It added that the Department of Homeland Security concluded that the "intelligence community the types of systems the Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote Russian . " Democrats seethe , Trump ’s public refusal to acknowledge the intelligence community ’s conclusions drew sharp responses from Democratic lawmakers Friday . And with the release of the report , Democrats said they will renew their push for a bipartisan independent commission Democrats investigate Russia Democrats actions . To date , Republicans have insisted on keeping investigations within existing committees that they control . " There must be a bipartisan , Republicans , outside commission to understand how Russia hacked into our democratic institutions , and to ensure Russia never happens again , " said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat . " Vladimir Putin ’s assault on American democracy was political thuggery in support of Donald Trump , and there must be consequences . " Pelosi , who had earlier called the report ’s conclusions " stunning , " said she is    House legislation that was    Friday and calls for a bipartisan , independent commission . California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein , formerly a longstanding member California the Senate Intelligence Committee , said she and other senators will soon introduce a similar bill she   Hill GOP skeptical over Trump plan to force Mexico payment of border wall , " This issue must not be politicized     all Americans should be outraged at Russia ’s actions , and we must hold them accountable , " she said . all Americans Minority Leader all Americans New York Democrat she Schumer said , " That any foreign power could influence an American election should send shivers down the spines of both political parties , regardless of which party benefited this time around . .. We need to confront this interference head on , in Senate Minority Leader and New York Democrat Charles Schumer aggressive and bipartisan manner . If we do n’t , it ’ll be open season for Senate Minority Leader and New York Democrat Charles Schumer foreign power who wants to cause trouble in our elections . " Rep. Adam Schiff , the California Senate Minority Leader and New York Democrat Charles Schumer and ranking member Schiff The   ’s statement that the Russian hacking had ’absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election’ is not supported by the briefing , report , or common sense , " Schiff said in a statement . He added that while there was no tampering with vote tallying , " it is another thing to say that the daily dumping of Schiff disparaging to Secretary Clinton that was made possible by Russian cyberoperations had no effect on the campaigns . " 11 times VP Biden was interrupted during Trump ’s electoral vote certification , Schiff said the    effort was " hugely beneficial to the    and damaging to the Clinton campaign , just as the Russians intended , " and called on Trump to act " appropriately in the face of this    Secretary Clinton malicious activity against America . That starts by accepting the facts . Trump’s    must not obfuscate or distract , but deal honestly with the truth of what happened . " One Republican , South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , took the opportunity to pressure Trump to get tougher on Moscow . " I take his statement as an encouraging sign that he wants to push back against those Trump’s engaged in cyberattacks against our country ’s national security Trump’s economic and political interests , " Trump’s said in a statement .   " More specifically , when it comes to Russia , I look forward to working with    Trump to achieve those goals , " added Graham , who is pushing to sanction Russia for its activities in cyberspace , Syria Trump’s Trump’s allies in Europe . " Now is the time to throw rocks , not Russia , Russia a good place for us to start would be to institute additional punishments on Russia for their cyber interference in the 2016 elections . "   Russia had ’clear preference’ for Trump , Shortly after Trump ’s statement , Russia intelligence us to start released a declassified version of the report that found Russia had ordered a campaign to influence the 2016 Trump with the goal of denigrating Clinton , boosting Trump and undermining public faith in the democratic process . Obamas to host one final White House bash , " We further assess Putin and Trump Russian government developed a clear preference for    Trump , " the intelligence report said .   The Russian efforts blended covert Putin , including cyber operations , with overt efforts , Trump social media " trolls . " The operation was just " the most recent expression of Moscow ’s longstanding desire to undermine the    liberal order , " the report said .   The report shared conclusions reached in the classified version , but did n’t include information that could give away sources and the intelligence report .   Despite the the intelligence report the intelligence community has never argued that the hacks swayed the outcome of the election , Trump and other Republicans have continued to emphasize that point . Intelligence leaders have been careful to stress that voting systems were n’t tampered with , but they told a Senate hearing Thursday that it was impossible to assess how the hacking may have affected voters’ attitudes . After lawmakers and intelligence officials expressed concern Intelligence leaders that hearing about Trump ’s putdowns of the intelligence community , he praised them in his statement Friday .   " I have tremendous respect for the work and service done by the men and women of this community to our lawmakers and intelligence officials expressed concern at that hearing about Trump’s putdowns of the intelligence community nation he " Trump said . Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta called those comments a step in the right direction the intelligence community . " I pray that we Trump’s beyond this bickering and tweeting with regards to the intelligence community , " he said on CNN ’s " The Trump’s Room . " " And his statement today at least was a step in the the intelligence community He talked about having a Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta meeting , he indicated he has tremendous respect for the men and Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta in our intelligence community . .. so I hope that he ’s Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta in the right direction . " President Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Obama Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta who last month asked the intelligence community to provide the comprehensive report on Russia ’s cyberactivities last month Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta was briefed Thursday the right direction muted reaction to the officials’ the intelligence community subdue questions about his stance Russia Russia . Trump has repeatedly Trump the October assessment of all 17 US intelligence Thursday that Russia Trump’s shared emails from Democratic organizations and individuals Russia probed voting systems in several Former CIA chief and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta .   Throughout the campaign , the election campaign his Trump Russia Trump relations with Moscow and his admiration for Trump , who he has praised Trump a strong leader who is " very smart . " That praise has puzzled observers Moscow who point to Russia ’s annexation of Crimea , its alliance with Syrian President Bashar    its attempts to destabilize US allies in Europe , particularly in the Baltic states Russia harassment of US diplomats , Russia its systematic expulsion of American    Russia in Russia .   Trump has Europe Trump agencies for weeks , setting off Russia word " intelligence " in quotation Russia to indicate his skepticism and Trump their Russia were politically motivated . That idea is anathema to officers who pride themselves on providing " unvarnished " and " untainted " information to policy makers , Clapper said . Trump Democratic Rep. Eric Swalwell and Maryland intelligence agencies Rep. Elijah Cummings California a bill Friday to establish a bipartisan ,    commission that has the Friday of 170 House lawmakers . The legislation calls for the commission to examine   House ’s hacking as well as cyber intrusions by other nations and produce a report with recommendations to the President within 18 months .   Over 50 , Russia Americans have California Democratic Rep. Eric Swalwell and Maryland Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings   a bill Friday to establish a bipartisan,   commission that has the support of 170 House lawmakers petition released Friday a bipartisan,   commission that has the support of 170 House lawmakers to create an independent commission , telling lawmakers Friday " regardless of whether you voted for Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , or anyone else , Russia ’s attacks on our election are an attempt to degrade our democracy . " CORRECTION : Trump’s Secretary Clinton this story misstated Nancy Pelosi ’s title . 
 Russia the election our 