  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is n’t really known as a fitness fanatic . The    has referred to the speeches Donald Trump gave on the campaign trail as a way in which Donald Trump has stayed active . " It ’s a lot of work , you know , when I ’m speaking in front of 15 , 000 to 20 , 000 people and I ’m up there using a lot of motion . I guess in It own way , It ’s a pretty healthy act , " Trump said on " The Dr. Oz Show " in September .   " A lot of times , these rooms are very hot , like saunas , and I guess that ’s a form of exercise , " Trump said . However , Trump has been known to play golf     and Trump is n’t the only commander in chief to enjoy the sport . Barack Obama , Warren Harding , Woodrow Wilson and William Howard Taft are also    presidential golfers . Yet giving speeches and playing golf are n’t the only pastimes that presidents have turned to for fitness . From medicine balls to basketball , here ’s how the men in the White House have stayed active . Galloping down Pennsylvania Avenue , The country ’s Founding Fathers     such as George Washington and Thomas Jefferson     were known to be skilled horseback riders , said William Seale , a historian and journal editor with the White House Historical Association . " The common denominator was horseback riding . They all rode horses and were real horsemen , " Seale said .   " They all would jump and gallop down Pennsylvania Avenue . In those days , there was a rule that a president did n’t have to stop at an intersection , " a president said . " Most of They all preferred a horse to a carriage . Most all of They all were good riders . " However , by the 1920s , presidents were interested in physical activities not only as pastimes but also as tools to maintain healthy lifestyles . Herbert Hoover would request that Herbert Hoover advisers join Herbert Hoover for breakfast , and his advisers would exercise on the South Lawn of the White House , where his advisers threw a heavy medicine ball over a net in a game that later would be named Hooverball .   White House physician Vice Adm. Joel T. Boone invented the game to help keep Herbert Hoover physically fit , according to the Herbert Hoover Presidential Library and Museum . Many other presidents made changes to the White House to accommodate their workouts Many other presidents Working out at the White the White House Roosevelt , whom Seale described as a " vigorous guy , " had a tennis court built on the near south side of the West Wing . It moved farther south a tennis court built on the near south side of the West Wing 1910 .   In 2009 , Obama had new lines and removable baskets added so the space also could be used for a    game of basketball . The 44th president not only plays basketball , he has been known The 44th president lift free weights and work out on an elliptical . Over the years , Obama has released several Obama playlists showcasing the music he listens to while The 44th president a sweat . Franklin D. Roosevelt , whose battle with polio left him a paraplegic , often swam for exercise and as a therapeutic activity . An indoor swimming pool , which opened in 1933 , was built for him in the west him behind the West Wing . Then , in 1947 , bowling lanes were built in the ground floor of the West Wing as the West Wing for Harry Truman , even though the 33rd president was known to be more of a walker than a bowler . Truman went on daily    walks Harry Truman which he kept a      pace , Harry Truman to the Harry S. Truman Library and Museum . " Truman was the king of the Harry Truman . He cherished his time in the Harry Truman in Harry Truman War I , and he would do the pace that Harry Truman do when marching , and he would do that walking every Harry Truman , " Seale said . " He was Harry Truman good shape . Harry Truman The White House received an outdoor pool in 1975 , thanks to Gerald Ford . The 38th president was known to be an avid swimmer . " It started out as something that looked like it was from Las Vegas , It Ford said , ’No , no Gerald Ford no , I just want a pool,’ and it got simpler , " Seale said of the pool ’s Harry Truman . Soon an outdoor pool Ronald Reagan created an exercise room in the White House ’s small West Bedroom in 1981 . In 1993 , a    jogging track was installed around the south drive to accommodate Bill Clinton ’s jogging habit . Clinton was an avid runner who logged Bill Clinton’s    miles , and other politicians found it difficult to keep up with him , the New York Times reported Bill Clinton’s    " I thought he ’d chug along like a caboose Bill Clinton’s " former Rep. Cynthia McKinney of Georgia told the Times in a 1993 article , the New York Times moment when she jogged with the 42nd president . Bill Clinton’s I thought it was an opportunity to see the president laid back and kicking back . the 42nd president was kicking up dust and leaving me in the 42nd president wind , " she said . Even if other politicians Bill Clinton’s n’t keep up with Clinton , they still tried . After all , that 1993 other politicians described jogging at 7 a. m. with the president as " fashionable . " 
 the 42nd president 