Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump met Wednesday with several    leaders for a listening session to kick off Black History Month . a listening session to kick off Black History Month was attended by Ben Carson , President Donald Trump nominee to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development , his President Donald Trump black Cabinet pick .    " Well , this is Black History Month , so this is this little breakfast , our little our Trump President Donald Trump , seated beside Carson and Ben Carson Manigault , a former " Apprentice " contestant and now an assistant to the President . Prominent    leaders from groups like the NAACP or the National Urban League were n’t in attendance . But Trump President Donald Trump hailed , in sometimes awkward terms , the black community . Trump President Donald Trump back to hitting his President Donald Trump punching bag : The media , " Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who ’s done an amazing job and is being recognized more and more , I noticed , " Trump President Donald Trump . " Harriett Tubman , Rosa Parks and millions more black Americans that made America what it is today . Big impact . I ’m proud to honor this heritage and will be honoring it more this heritage more . " Trump President Donald Trump as a sign of progress the recent opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington as well as the figures of history featured inside the structure .   One Democrat not in attendance , Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Cedric Richmond ,    downplayed the session as a political stunt . " It ’s one thing to pose for a photo op and it ’s It to offer real solutions , " he said One Democrat not in attendance, Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Cedric Richmond,    " The CBC has offered the President a number of solutions to address real problems . If he is the President about addressing issues in the    community and honoring Black History Month , he will the President working with us to implement them . he is serious about addressing issues in the   community and honoring Black History Month But in the meeting , Trump ’s supporters praised the President the President moves on the President    violence . Darrell Scott , a pastor who campaigned for Trump , told Trump’s President Wednesday the President of his relationship with the the President and Omarosa , he ’s now set the President a meeting with " top gang thugs " in Chicago to discuss gun violence and crime in the Windy City . " I was recently contacted by some of the top gang thugs in Chicago for a   Chicago They reached out to some of the top gang thugs in Chicago because they associated the President with some of the top gang thugs in Chicago . They respect you , some of the top gang thugs in Chicago Scott said as he introduced himself during Scott roundtable Scott that the President hosted at the White House for    leaders . Trump agreed that this was a good step forward , nodding and adding that " Chicago is totally out of control . "   Scott , who did not name the gangs , described them as " straight Scott, who did not name the gangs guys " but ones who are committed to " lowering the body count , " referencing the high murder rate in the city . The President has focused several tweets and public statements about violence in Chicago , tweeting a Chicago ago that if the " carnage " in Chicago did n’t end Chicago he would " send The President the feds . " Trump reiterated at Wednesday ’s meeting that he ’s willing to The President involved to stop the violence . " violence in Chicago happening in Chicago should not be Chicago in this country , " he Trump 
 The President 