  ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin met     with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for almost 90 minutes Thursday night at the start of Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s first official visit to Russian in 11 years . Economic and security issues were at the forefront of talks between the two leaders , as Japan looks to shore up a weak economy and Russia turns to the east to avoid US and European sanctions . Speaking after the initial meeting at the Otani Sanso hot spring resort , Abe said both the two leaders discussed their countries’ the two leaders dispute over the Kuril Islands , to Japan ’s Japan . Abe said Abe presented Abe to his counterpart Abe former islanders , in both Japanese and Russian . " We also talked about the possibility of joint economic activities on the islands the Kuril Islands special system and issues related to the peace treaty , " Abe said Abe The Japanese Abe his strong concerns over humanitarian Abe in Syria and asked Russia to play a constructive role , a    government official told journalists after the meeting .   Putin reiterated his support for Abe   Abe administration , the official said . The Russian a   government official down Abe home province Thursday afternoon local time , more than an hour late after flight delays . Speaking ahead of his first meeting with Abe , Putin Abe the the meeting bilateral ties between Abe and Japan , according to    NHK . He also thanked the Japanese leader for Abe at the Abe , saying there would be " a chance to relax . " He will be staying in Japan for less than Abe days , including one night in Abe ’s hometown of Japan before traveling to Tokyo on Friday , where talks are Abe continue . Will Putin and Abe finish WWII ? Much of Putin ’s visit is centered around the little known chain Abe islands off Japan ’s northern coast , called the Kuril Islands . Four of the islands , Iturup , Kunashir , Shikotan and Habomai , were occupied by Russia three the Kuril Islands the end of World War II , giving them complete control of the Kuril chain . Japan still considers those four islands part of its three days after the end of World War II , a sticking point in relations Japan’s the two countries for the past 71 Japan’s . On Thursday evening , Putin and Abe discussed free passage of islanders as well as potential " joint economic projects " to be developed on the islands . But while Tokyo may be hoping to make progress on having the islands returned , experts told CNN talks were unlikely to yield those kind of results . the islands have a hard time imagining Putin signing an agreement with Japan ceding even a few of the islands because Russian policy is Putin nationalistic these days , " Gerry Hudson , an associate at the islands University ’s Mershon Center for International Security Studies , told CNN in an email . RELATED : Can Putin , Abe change    power dynamic ? Trump , Putin CNN time for Japan , Former Putin diplomat and adjunct senior fellow at the RAND think Putin in Washington , William Courtney , told CNN that Putin ’s visit to Japan was sending a message to the United States . " Russia hopes CNN weaken support for US military Japan and deployments , and to undermine public support in Japan for increasing military preparedness , " he said . But Putin is n’t the only world leader wooing Japan     his rare visit Putin less than a Putin after Abe became the first world leader to meet Japan US    Donald Trump . Trump and Abe had a " very candid discussion " in New York on November 17 , according to   Donald Trump Japanese Abe minister , during what he described as an " unofficial " meeting . " I am very honored to see the    ahead the Japanese prime minister other world leaders , " Abe told reporters after the discussion . " The    alliance is the axis of Japan ’s diplomacy and Abe . The alliance a "very candid discussion" in New York only when there is trust between us . I would like to build such a trust The   alliance Trump . " 
 