  ( CNN ) Nancy O’Dell is the married woman who rejected Donald Trump ’s advances , as described in lewd comments he made in a 2005 conversation that surfaced Friday . " Access Hollywood , " the NBC show O’Dell    in 2005 , identified Nancy O’Dell Friday as the woman Trump vulgarly discussed with Billy Bush , Nancy O’Dell ’s    at the time . Today Nancy O’Dell is the    of CBS ’s " Entertainment Tonight . " " When I heard the comments yesterday , the comments was disappointing to hear such objectification of women , " Nancy O’Dell said in a statement released Saturday by " Entertainment Tonight . " " Politics aside , I ’m saddened that the comments still exist in our society at all , " she said . " The conversation needs to change because no female , no person , should be the subject of such crass comments , whether or not cameras are rolling . Everyone deserves respect no matter the setting or gender . " O’Dell is an accomplished entertainment journalist and author with a career that includes awards and honors for her she and her she . Throughout her she she she met and interviewed hundreds of American celebrities . She she her she career at local stations in her she South Carolina , reporting and anchoring in Myrtle Beach and Charleston before moving to Miami ’s NBC affiliate   . From there she she " Access Hollywood " in 1996 . Author ,    O’Dell won an Emmy and three Associated Press awards for her she . She she also honored by the beauty industry in 2009 with the inaugural " Beautiful Humanitarian Award , " given to a public figure " who exemplifies beauty , both on the inside and out , " according to the professional beauty association website . In 2005 , the year Trump made the lewd comments about her she she she Keith Zubchevich , a tech executive . Her she Ashby was born two years later . Motherhood turned O’Dell into an author . She she " Full of Life :     Tips I Wish Someone Had Told Me When I Was Pregnant , " published in 2009 , and two more parenting books . According to her she account , she she a devoted Clemson University fan . She she an alumna who finished in the top 2 % of her she , according to her she biography . Last year , O’Dell became an official spokeswoman for ALS . net , which raises funds for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , more commonly known as Lou Gehrig ’s Disease . The cause is dear to her she her she was diagnosed with ALS ALS 2007 and died from complications related to the disease in 2008 . She she also a global ambassador for the 2015 Special Olympics World Games . " Nancy she passionate about inclusion and respect for all people , including those with intellectual disabilities , " her she says . CNN has sought comment from O’Dell ’s representatives , but has not gotten a response . 
 