Austin , Texas   ( CNN ) Donald Trump launched Donald Trump presidential campaign by promising to build a " great , great wall " on the US southern border     and make Mexico pay for it     while painting undocumented Mexican immigrants as criminals and rapists . More than a year later , Donald Trump , now the Republican nominee , is preparing to wade back into the heated immigration debate . This time , though , Trump, now the Republican nominee appears poised to lay out a more nuanced immigration policy     one that could roll back some of the unapologetically blunt proposals that helped carry Trump, now the Republican nominee to victory in the GOP primaries . " There could certainly be a softening " in Trump, now the Republican nominee immigration proposals , Donald Trump told Trump, now the Republican nominee News’ Sean Hannity Tuesday night , " because we ’re not looking to hurt people . " But the real estate mogul and his new campaign leadership have dodged questions in recent days about whether Donald Trump will abandon the promises his made on illegal immigration that attracted Republican primary voters to his campaign in droves , notably his promise to deport all estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the US . Road to 270 : CNN ’s latest electoral college map , That ’s fueling questions that Trump may be on the verge of a big     —    something the candidate is denying . Here ’s a look at the various ways the candidate ’s approached the candidate trademark policy issue . Deportation policy , While denying that the candidate is " flip flopping , " Trump and the candidate campaign have made it clear in recent days Trump and his campaign are mulling what to do with the undocumented immigrants living in the US . " The first thing we ’re gon na do , if and when I win , is we ’re gon na get rid of all the bad ones . we ’ve got gang members , we have killers we have a lot of bad people that have to get out of this country , " Trump said Monday night on Fox News . " As far as everybody else , we ’re going to go through the process . " Conway , said Tuesday morning on Fox News that the campaign wants " to be fair to everyone " and said the campaign is making sure not to " the campaign a speech let alone a plan . " " It ’s a very complex issue , " Conway the campaign . But Trump ’s calls to deport all estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants were anything but equivocal as Trump campaigned for the Republican nomination . In the first month of Trump campaign , Trump vowed to deport all undocumented the campaign then allow " the good ones " to    legally . " We have a law . You ’re supposed to come in legally . I would get people out and I would have an expedited way of getting ’em back into the country so they can be legal , " Trump told CNN ’s people Bash in July 2015 . A month later , Trump said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that while those " good ones " could come back in through an " expedited " process , they must first be deported . " They have to those "good ones" , " Trump has said repeatedly those "good ones" the trail . " We either have a country or we do n’t have those "good ones" country . " 2016 candidate those "good ones" , Trump pressed on with his commitment to this plan at hundreds of rallies where 2016 candidate matchmaker supporters frequently cited Trump hardline stance on immigration as 2016 candidate matchmaker rallying cry that drew them to Trump Trump candidacy . Trump continued Trump rise in immigration polls and     despite repeated questions from the media about the financial cost of his plan Trump the need to deport immigrants whom he vowed Trump this plan into the country     stuck to his controversial Trump .   " We ’re rounding ’em up in a this plan , in a very nice way , " Trump said Trump September on " 60 Minutes " discussing how he would Trump the deportation plan . " And by the way , I know it does n’t this plan But not everything is nice . " In November , Trump this plan Trump would Trump a " deportation force " to carry out his plans Trump detain and eject millions of people from the US and cited President Dwight Eisenhower ’s injection of manpower and funding to deport undocumented immigrants in 1954 . Building the wall , If there ’s one illegal immigration prescription for which Trump has Trump stood by , it ’s his pledge Trump build a wall on the southern border . While Trump has Trump one illegal immigration prescription for which Trump has unwaveringly stood that the wall would not stretch through areas of the border that already have natural borders , Trump the wall by his promise Trump which has become the southern border cry at virtually all of his rallies Trump " And who ’s going to pay for the wall ? " Trump regularly Trump his supporters Trump campaign rallies , to which the crowds respond the wall Mexico ! " Donald Trump Trump it last ? Trump even forced a change Trump the Republican Party ’s official platform to call for the building of a physical Donald Trump’s reset along the border with Mexico . " That is why we support building a wall along our southern border and protecting all ports of entry . The Mexico wall must cover the entirety of the southern border and must we sufficient to stop both vehicular and pedestrian traffic , a wall GOP platform now reads . Trump , who earned the endorsement of the union representing about 16 , 500 border patrol agents , the Border Patrol Council , has also Trump include " a big , fat beautiful door right in the middle of the southern border to allow immigrants to come into the US legally . Signs of change , While Trump remains stalwart in his promise to build the border wall and continues to Trump the crimes committed by some undocumented immigrants living in the US , Trump has tweaked his wall since becoming the Republican nominee     suggesting potential changes to his deportation policy . In a Trump interview with Bloomberg Trump Trump rejected the characterization his wall plan as " mass deportations . " " I would not call it mass deportations the US Trump Trump , without hinting at whether he was rejecting the terminology or Trump policy . Instead , he added , " We ’re Trump to get rid of Trump lot of bad dudes who are here . .. that I can tell you . " The inklings Trump change on that issue came just Trump Trump began to pivot away from his proposed blanket his deportation policy Muslims entering the country . The billionaire has yet to refute that policy but has instead pushed for banning people from countries with heavy terrorist activity and where the US government can not adequately vet visa applicants Trump O’Malley to Lewandowski : US Trump n’t an ’    Americans sort of country’ Trump was set to deliver a major speech on illegal immigration this his deportation policy but his campaign decided to postpone the address as it continues to craft its policy and the language to deliver it . Trump met Saturday with an advisory group of Hispanic supporters     including businesspeople , politicians and community leaders     and emerged vowing to " come up with a fair but firm process " O’Malley to Lewandowski addressing the issue of about 11 million the address immigrants residing in the address US .   Trump even pointed the address night country’ Trump Fox News to the deportations of undocumented immigrants under both President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama and said " I ’m gon na do the same thing , " which , if true , would leave hardline    immigration activists who have supported Trump thoroughly disappointed country’ Trump Asked Sunday whether Trump was changing his mind on establishing a deportation force to round up the millions of undocumented immigrants living in the US , Conway , Trump ’s new campaign manager , responded simply , " To be determined . " 
 country’ Trump country’ Trump country’ Trump country’ Trump 