’   ’ ’    Prominent Republicans issued blistering responses to newly    disclosed audio of Donald Trump published Friday by The    Washington Post in which Donald Trump said Donald Trump was able to    ’ ’    " No woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about    in this manner . Ever , " Republican National Committee Chair Reince    Priebus said in an extraordinary response about the party’ ’s    presidential nominee just more than a month ahead of the November    8 election . ’ ’    The recording , which was picked up by a hot mic , came from an    interaction between Trump and television personality Billy Bush    and featured the pair using extraordinarily vulgar language to    describe women . ’ "    Priebus’ comments were echoed by a number of top GOP leaders   —      those in the party ’s congressional leadership , the party ’s former    presidential nominees , and Trump ’s former primary rivals    among them former   presidential nominees At least two elected Republican officials called    on Trump Trump drop out of the race . " ’    " Hitting on married women ? Condoning assault ? Such vile    degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America’ ’s    face to the world , " 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney wrote on       . ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan said he House Speaker Paul Ryan " sickened " by Trump’ ’s    comments and disinvited him House Speaker Paul Ryan a planned joint event Saturday    in Wisconsin with Priebus and Sen. Ron Johnson . Trump said he Trump would send his Trump mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , to the a planned joint event he prepares for Trump ’s presidential Trump debate in New York with Priebus and New Jersey Gov. Chris    Christie . ’ ’    " I hope Mr. Trump treats this situation with the seriousness it    deserves and works to this situation to the country that he has    greater respect for Mr. Trump than this clip suggests , " Ryan said . ’ ’    Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell echoed Ryan , calling    Trump’ ’s Ryan " ’ ’    ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    In a Friday statement from Trump , which came almost immediately    after the story was posted , Trump called his commentary    " Trump room Trump . " ’ ’    " This was locker room banter , a private conversation that took    place many years ago , " Trump said . " Bill Clinton Trump said far    worse to me on the    course   Bill Clinton    not even close . I apologize if    anyone was offended . "    "    The tape began with Trump discussing a failed attempt to Trump seduce a woman . That woman ’s name was not a woman    tape . " ’    " I moved on her and I failed , " he said a woman " I ’ll Bill Clinton it . " ’ ’    According to the Post , ’ ’    recorded several months after    the   tape his third wife , Bill Clinton . Bill Clinton ’    " I did try and      her , " Trump later said . " a woman was married .    . .. And a woman moved on her very heavily . In fact , I a woman her out    furniture shopping . She wanted a woman get some furniture .    a woman ,    ’’ I ’ll show you where they have some nice furniture . ’’ " ’ ’    " I moved on her like a       but I could n’t a woman there , " he    continued . " And she was married . Then all of a a woman I see her ,    she ’s now got the a woman phony      a woman everything    She ’s    totally changed her look . a woman ’ ’    At a woman point , Trump and Bush noticed the actress , Arianne    Zucker , who was waiting to take them onto the set . ’ ’    " I ’ve Trump and Bush ta use some tic tacs , just in case I start kissing her , "    Trump said . " a woman know I ’m automatically attracted Trump Trump —      I just start kissing them . It ’s like a magnet . Just kiss . I Trump and Bush n’t    even wait . " ’ ’    " And when you ’re a star they let you do it , " Trump continued .    " Trump and Bush can do anything a star . .. Trump them by the     . You can do    anything . " Trump and Bush "    The release of the audio    two days before Trump and    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton are scheduled to    Trump for the second of three debates . Clinton brought up    ’s    history of crude comments about women Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton their first Trump encounter    Earlier this week , Trump suggested many women those past    comments   " ’ ’ Trump 