  ( CNN ) A US Secret Service official confirms to  (CNN) that the USSS has spoken to the Trump campaign regarding A US Secret Service official Second Amendment comments .   " There has been more than one conversation " on the topic , A US Secret Service official told  (CNN) . But it ’s unclear at what level in the campaign structure the conversations occurred . The the Trump campaign regarding his Second Amendment comments the the USSS Donald Trump did not intend to incite violence , according to the A US Secret Service official   " No such meeting or conversation ever happened , " Trump tweeted in response Donald Trump  (CNN) ’s report . Gun rights , The controversy erupted on Tuesday afternoon when Trump said at a Donald Trump that Second Amendment defenders might be able to stop Clinton from appointing justices to the Supreme Court who could weaken gun rights . " Hillary wants to abolish     essentially abolish the Second Amendment . By the way , if she gets to pick Hillary if she gets to pick Hillary judges , nothing Hillary can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know , " Trump said . " But I tell you what , that will be a horrible day , if Hillary gets to put Hillary judges in , Hillary now we ’re tied . " The Secret Service ’s communications director Cathy Milhoan has not confirmed the conversations between the campaign and the Secret Service , but said in a statement Tuesday that " the U. S. Secret Service is aware of Mr. Trump ’s comments Trump said Tuesday evening that he Trump simply trying to unify Trump owners against Clinton in the voting booth . Read : NRA spends $ 3 million on new    ad , " This is a political movement . This is a strong political movement This the Second Amendment , " Trump said to Fox News’ Sean Trump . " And there can be no other interpretation . .. I mean , give me a break . " Clinton responded Wednesday to Trump ’s Clinton at an Iowa Trump saying , " words matter . " " Words matter my friends , and if you are running to be president or you are president of the United States , words can have tremendous consequences , " Clinton said . " Yesterday we witnessed Clinton latest in a long line of casual comments from Donald Trump that cross the line . " Supporters downplay remarks , The Republican presidential nominee ’s supporters Wednesday attempted to quell the controversy , saying either that Trump was joking or that Democrats and Donald Trump media were spinning it into something bigger than it was . Many interpreted Trump ’s it as a threat to Donald Trump Clinton . Corey Lewandowski , Trump ’s former campaign manager Lewandowski Second Amendment supporters to turn out to defeat Clinton . " This was a joke . .. He was n’t inciting violence , " Lewandowski told Chris Cuomo on CNN ’s New Day the billionaire businessman     York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Wednesday that the Clinton campaign and the press were misconstruing Trump ’s words . " What he intended is Clinton very simple     that ( gun owners ) should vote against her the billionaire businessman " Giuliani said on ABC ’s Good Morning America . " He had no idea York Mayor Rudy Giuliani anybody would York Mayor Rudy Giuliani his words that way . It was so obvious York Mayor Rudy Giuliani all of us what he meant . York Mayor Rudy Giuliani Read : Donald Trump : ’Second Amendment’ gun advocates could deal with Hillary York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , Maine Sen. Susan Collins , who said she wo n’t vote for either party ’s candidate , said on CNN ’s " New Day " Wednesday that she did not think Trump was inciting violence , but that he has only himself to blame she people leaping to Donald Trump conclusion because of his consistent " Donald Trump of inappropriate Donald Trump reckless comments . " Clinton supports slam comments , But Donald Trump supporters continued to slam Trump on Wednesday , saying that Donald Trump is never a joking matter Donald Trump " Words matter , Donald Trump from Wednesday folks who want to be president of the United States , " Clinton surrogate Christine Quinn , a former New York City Council speaker , said on " New Donald Trump . " " To think that joking about any kind of violence could be funny . .. simply reflects a disregard for the impact of violence . " Read : New York Daily News calls for Donald Trump to end his presidential campaign , Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm agreed , telling Cuomo that joking about assassinating Donald Trump candidate is not presidential . " It is , in fact Donald Trump dangerous for the country , " she said . Bernice King , the daughter of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. took Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm Twitter to voice her concerns . " As the daughter of a leader who was assassinated , I find # Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm ’s comments distasteful , disturbing , dangerous , " she tweeted . And former CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather posted on Facebook that Trump " Former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm a line with dangerous potential . " " By any objective analysis , this Trump a new low and unprecedented in the history of American presidential politics , " he wrote . " This is no longer about policy , civility , decency or even temperament . This is a direct threat of violence against a political rival . It is not just against This norms of American politics , it raises a serious question of This it is against the law . " Read : Dan This calls Trump ’s ’Second Amendment people’ This a ’new low’ Green Party candidate Jill Stein also weighed in , calling for Trump to be disarmed . And the daughter of Sandy Hook School Principal Dawn Hochsprung , who Trump’s in the school shooting there along with 20 children and five other staffers , sent a message to Trump via Twitter . Meanwhile , the Clinton campaign is using Trump ’s words to fundraise , Trump’s out his comments in an email to supporters Wednesday morning Trump’s 