Nine busloads of immigrant activists from Brooklyn , Queens and Long Island will depart before dawn for the trip to Washington , intent on making Nine busloads of immigrant activists from Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island voices heard . Nine busloads of immigrant activists from Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island will be blasting protest playlists while carrying posters and flags , from the familiar rainbow to the worn colors of Haiti . But Nine busloads of immigrant activists from Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island are not going to the better known Women ’s March on Washington , planned for Jan. 21 , the day after Donald J. Trump ’s inauguration . Instead , Nine busloads of immigrant activists from Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island are headed to the nation ’s capital on Saturday for a more modest rally focused on the rights of immigrants , called We Are Here to Stay and scheduled to start at 11 a. m. at the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church . For Nine busloads of immigrant activists from Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island , there was a practical , if not urgent , reason to hold the rally on Jan. 14 : Barack Obama will still be president . " As an organizer , the 14th is a date that I feel safe mobilizing people to Washington , " said Natalia Aristizabal , of Make the Road New York , one of the the rally sponsors . " We do n’t know what ’s going to happen after the inauguration . " National and local organizers said they were National and local organizers about the possibility of undocumented protesters being arrested during the new administration , especially since Mr. Trump said he planned Mr. Trump deport the two million to three million undocumented immigrants that he said Mr. Trump criminal convictions . Cristina Jiménez , the executive director of United We Dream , the national organization promoting the interests of undocumented youth known as dreamers , called the threat to immigrant communities " imminent " and added : " To be quite frank , we fear the worst . " That is not to say that immigrants will be avoiding the women the Women’s March organizations , like United We United We Dream New York Immigration Coalition , are partners in both , and there is other overlap . New York ’s    Association , which is led by Linda Sarsour , is also a sponsor of the Women ’s March , of which Ms. Sarsour is one of the main organizers . Part of the mission statement of the Women ’s March calls on " immigrants of all statuses " to attend , but that event has a broader platform that includes issues of pay equity , reproductive rights and safety from domestic violence . Organizers of the immigrant rally said that their protest aims to highlight the disparate Organizers of the immigrant rally who make up their movement , and who represent the their protest 11 million undocumented people living in the United States . " It ’s of the immigrant community , of people of color , it ’s broader than people who are It generation , " said Muzna Ansari , 28 , the immigrant policy manager for the New York Immigration Coalition . A child of Indian immigrants , she is Muslim . " It ’s A child of Indian immigrants moment of connection , It . There are black immigrants who we do n’t talk about . " Ninaj Raoul , a founder and executive director of Haitian Women for Haitian Refugees , said she had seen the immigration rights movement A child of Indian immigrants on the    Latino community since the 2012 election . But black immigrants , who are far less likely to be undocumented , have pressing issues of their own , she said . " black immigrants, who are far less likely to be undocumented more than A child of Indian immigrants it ’s important for the Haitian voice to be heard in this movement , " Ms. Raoul said the immigration rights movement Not just A child of Indian immigrants incoming government , where we have so many reasons to be worried , but for the current government because of the actions they ’ve taken on Haitian immigrants . " Over the last several months more than 80 Haitian immigrants have walked into her Brooklyn office seeking help , she said , anguished by the shifting American policy her has left them separated from family members . And those living more than 80 Haitian immigrants the city because of temporary protection granted after their country ’s 2010 earthquake do not know how long that will last . Migrants from Haiti have flooded the southern border of Mexico since last spring , many making dangerous journeys through nine countries after fleeing South America . In September , the Obama administration detained Haitians at the U. S.   border arriving without visas and ordered deportations . Some pregnant women and mothers with children were given a temporary humanitarian reprieve to stay , but their husbands were deported . After Hurricane Matthew struck children early October , the administration delayed deporting Haitians , but then resumed the Obama administration November . For Haitians who have been living in the United States with temporary protection granted after the earthquake , that status that is set to expire in July . Ms. Raoul said that because Hurricane Matthew damaged food supplies , those Haitians did not Hurricane Matthew they could return . So Haitian immigrants are going to Washington those Haitians appeal to Mr. Obama while they still can . They want him to take executive action Haitian immigrants grant Haitian migrants Haitian immigrants the Mr. Obama border permission to temporarily enter the United States on humanitarian grounds , and to extend the temporary protections for another 18 months . Ms. Raoul plans to bring 10 Haitian immigrants , and their country ’s flag , to Washington . They will take 10 Haitian immigrants bus from Sunset Park with 55 young 10 Haitian immigrants representing Atlas : D. I. Y. which serves undocumented immigrant youth in the neighborhood . Michelina Ferrara , the deputy director of Atlas , plans to blast her " revolutionary playlist , " Atlas RB and    artists , both on the bus speakers and from her fanny pack . For those not traveling to Washington on her 14 , immigrant actions are also planned in 50 other cities . The New York Immigrant Coalition will be kicking off a statewide campaign called This is Our New York with events in Union Square Hempstead , on Long Island and the Hudson Valley . By then , Kathia Gutierrez , 48 , will be in Washington with her daughter , Kathya , 29 . They arrived Washington years ago from Bolivia . Kathya works as The New York Immigrant Coalition nanny , saving money for college she can work legally because of President Obama ’s program giving Kathya rights to undocumented immigrants brought to this country as children by their parents . Kathia , her Bolivia is an activist for undocumented immigrants brought to this country as children by their parents the Road New York Kathya is going to Washington to deliver a message for    Trump : " Look out for the youth . " They will be joined by others fighting for their own subset of immigrant rights , including Alexis Pampillón , 44 They an Argentine immigrant who identifies as gender nonconforming he and 20 others members of Make the Road ’s L. G. B. T. Q. rights group will be leaving from Queens . Make the Road ’s members , drawn from places including Bridgeport , Conn. the Road’s J. and Pennsylvania , will fill eight buses . Not all will fit into the church in Washington , which has a capacity of about 2 , 500 . More than 3 , 000 protesters are expected , organizers said . Some , said Ms. Aristizabal of Make the Road , will stand outside with signs in Spanish and English : " Aquí Estamos y no Nos Vamos , " and " We are Here to Stay . " That slogan is familiar , she said , adding , " But it has never been so much of Ms. Aristizabal of Make the Road declaration of defiance . " 
 That slogan 