West Palm Beach ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has made visiting President Donald Trump Florida golf courses a near    habit in the first month of President Donald Trump administration , and President Donald Trump aides are trying to obscure whether President Donald Trump is actually golfing during the visits . One possible reason : President Donald Trump was a frequent and vocal critic of President Barack Obama ’s golf habit , regularly slamming the former president for playing golf with many pressing issues before the country . President Donald Trump even suggested during a 2016 event in Virginia , in a knock on Obama , that if elected President Donald Trump was " not going to have time to go play golf . "   " I ’m going to be working for you , I ’m not going to have time to go play golf , " President Donald Trump said at the time . President Donald Trump has visited President Donald Trump two golf courses near President Donald Trump estate     Trump International Golf Course in West Palm Beach and Trump National Golf Course in Jupiter     six times in his President Donald Trump month in office . Aides would not confirm that Trump President Donald Trump golf each time , but through a series of social media posts and interviews with the professional golfers who joined him President Donald Trump it is clear the President golfed during most of these visits . By comparison , Obama played his Obama round of golf as President on April 26 , 2009 , at Andrews Air Force Base . The level of secrecy around golf is new for the presidency , too . While the Obama Obama was hesitant to allow cameras to regularly get shots of the the President the links , they would the Obama administration reporters who joined the President the President round . Trump ’s nascent administration has not done that . According to a picture posted by Clear Sports , a golf technology company , Trump hit the Trump’s at Trump International Golf Club on Sunday with Rory McIlroy , one of the    golfers in the world . McIlroy later told Rory McIlroy Laying Up , a golf blog , that he played a Rory McIlroy 18 holes with the President , the CEO of Clear Sports and Clear Sports , the former New York Yankees right fielder . The professional golfer said Trump " shot around 80 " through 18 holes , eight strokes above the course ’s par 72 layout . The reported 18 holes of golf , however , directly contradicts how White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders described Trump ’s visit to the golf course during the course reporters on Sunday . " I know he played a couple of holes White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders morning but I am not going to disclose any of the others that were there , " Sanders said , adding that Trump White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders " played a couple " on Saturday , as well . Confronted by McIlroy ’s comments about playing 18 holes with the President , Sanders said the President " intended White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders play the President holes and decided to play longer . " " He also had a full day White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders meetings , calls and interviews for the new ( national security adviser ) which he is continuing today before returning White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders Washington , DC , tonight , " Sanders added . McIlroy is not White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders only professional golfer to play with the President . While hosting Japanese Prime the President Abe in Palm Beach earlier this month , Trump played a full round with the foreign leader and professional golfer , Ernie Els . Abe shared during a joint news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Palm Beach that his golf scores are " not Trump to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Palm Beach level of Donald at all , " but he ’s " always aiming for the cup Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Palm Beach "   Presidents have regularly turned to golf as a way to relax from their abnormally stressful job . Obama reportedly played Presidents rounds of golf in office , a far cry from the estimated 1 , 200 rounds Woodrow Wilson played as president . But Trump made Obama ’s golf a staple of his 2016 Obama of the President . " Trump love golf , I think it ’s one of the greats , but I do n’t have time , " Trump said during a December 2016 rally in Trump . " He played more golf last year than Tiger Trump . We do n’t have time for this . We do n’t have time for this . We have to work . " this even We he was running for president , Trump would Trump about Obama ’s golfing . Trump Can you believe that , with all of the problems and difficulties facing the US , President Obama spent the day playing golf , Obama tweeted in October 2014 . " Worse Trump Carter . " CNN ’s Gregory Wallace contributed to this report . 
 