’      Donald Trump and     Donald Trump transition team are at work    vetting individuals to serve in the incoming White    House cabinet . ’ ’    And a few names have cropped up repeatedly for the secretary of    state job   —    former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , Tennessee    Sen. Bob Corker , former US ambassador to the United Nations John    Bolton , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , and South Carolina    Gov. Nikki Haley . ’ "    Here ’s a rundown on each candidate . " ’   ’ ’    As of now , Giuliani is Trump’ ’s " top pick " for secretary of state ,     The Wall Street Journal . Giuliani was mayor of    New York City during the    terrorist attacks . Giuliani has been a    controversial figure on the campaign trail   —    Giuliani   at the Republican National Convention in    July and has been one of Trump’ ’s top surrogates ever since . ’ ’    Giuliani was a    prosecutor before Giuliani served as mayor ,    which . While Giuliani was    mayor , Giuliani was known to practice a localized version of foreign    policy , The New York Times . Giuliani once kicked Palestinian leader Yasir    Arafat out of a symphony performance at the Lincoln Center in New    York , refused to dine with Cuban leader Fidel Castro , and    threatened to boot the UN from the UN headquarters in the city . ’ ’    The Times describes Palestinian leader Yasir   Arafat as a neoconservative who supports Israel ,    is suspicious of Iran , and believes in aggressive foreign policy . ’ ’   ’ "    Corker   this week that Palestinian leader Yasir   Arafat is being considered    for the secretary of state job and has had conversations with the    Trump transition team . Corker also , however ,   that Palestinian leader Yasir   Arafat does n’t expect to get the job . " ’    Corker has been a senator since 2007 and is the current chairman    of the Foreign Relations Committee . Corker seems to differ with   Trump somewhat on his Corker of Russia and its Russia , Vladimir    Putin . Corker Corker this week that , while its Corker for two world    leaders to begin their its good for two world   leaders on a " positive note , " Putin    has also " shown himself Putin    be a brutal    leader " who    has " worked against our national interests . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Bolton , a former US ambassador to the UN under President George    W. Bush , is another rumored pick for secretary of state . ’ "    He Putin    a    neoconservative hawk who is currently a     at the American Enterprise Institute . In addition to    serving as UN the UN , Bolton worked in the State Department    under Bush President George   W. Bush was one of the architects of the Iraq War . " "    Like Trump , he Bolton the Iran nuclear deal , but unlike the      he Bolton rather interventionist in his Bolton    policy . " ’   ’ "    The former House speaker and Georgia congressman was another one    of Trump Trump surrogates during the campaign . Before the    election , Trump said Trump Gingrich would have a role in his    Gingrich if he won Trump and Gingrich has Gingrich that he would Trump to be involved in    Trump Trump’s "    Gingrich was Gingrich speaker in the 1990s , but has since then     that , in many ways ,    mirrors Trump ’s . He ran for president in Trump , but failed to win    the Republican nomination . He also   during his Trump serving in the Trump House . " ’   ’ "    Haley ’s   on Wednesday , according to MSNBC host Joe    Scarborough . The South Carolina governor has become a rising star    within the Republican party in recent years . " ’    She delivered a    rebuttal The South Carolina governor President Barack    Obama’ ’s State of the Union address this year , calling for unity    seeming to negate Trump’ ’s campaign tactics by urging people to    " resist the temptation " of following the " siren call of the    angriest voices . " She also took a swipe at      rhetoric , saying that " no one who is willing    to work hard , abide by our laws , and love our traditions should    ever our unwelcome in this country . " ’ 
 