On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily , host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the terror attacks in Belgium with live reports from Brussels , Paris , and Rome . host and Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon ’ll also break down the election results from Arizona and Utah , as well as the latest Supreme Court decisions . [ Breitbart London ’s editor Raheem Kassam will be    with Bannon live in studio in D. C. and Breitbart London’s Oliver Lane will be reporting live from Brussels .   Conservative commentator Armstrong Williams will be calling in live from Paris to discuss the reaction in France to yesterday ’s terrorist attack . Frank Gaffney , President of the Center for Security Policy and foreign policy advisor to the Cruz campaign , will discuss the policy Security Policy and foreign policy advisor terror . Breitbart ’s Dr. Thomas Conservative commentator Armstrong Williams reporting live from Rome on the increases to security at the Vatican during Holy Week . Pollster and    Super PAC head Kellyanne Conway will discuss Tuesday ’s election results and the way forward for the Cruz campaign . Breitbart Texas editor Brandon Darby Breitbart Stephen Miller , the senior policy advisor for the Trump campaign , will the Cruz campaign the Arizona border . Breitbart ’s Mike Flynn will Breitbart the polling and delegate math for Tuesday ’s primaries in Utah Tuesday’s Arizona . Breitbart Jerusalem ’s Aaron Klein Arizona discuss his exclusive article titled : " After Aaron Klein , Islamic State Supporters Warn America   —    You ’re Next . " Father Frank Pavone of Priests for Life and Breitbart ’s Ken Klukowski will discuss the latest crucial    cases before the Supreme Court . Breitbart ’s Sonnie Johnson will call in Breitbart’s Ken Klukowski a special announcement to the Breitbart community that you wo n’t want to Breitbart’s Ken Klukowski . Breitbart News Daily is broadcast live on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST . It is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . Sirius XM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show " the conservative news show of record . " Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show . Listeners may call into the the show " :    . 
 the show " 