Moderators of Reddit ’s    community , The_Donald , believed for weeks that community, The_Donald subreddit was going to be banned or severely restricted . [ Breitbart has gained access to chat logs between moderators and site admins showing moderators attempting to work with site staff to address site staff complaints while Reddit CEO Steve Huffman paints site staff as uncooperative in public .   A leaked Slack chat also shows Reddit CEO Steve Huffman entertaining plans to ban    with other Reddit moderators , one of whom suggests he could be made temporary CEO to " take all the flak " from a decision to ban the    subreddit .   Reddit CEO Steve Huffman announced on Wednesday new measures the site would take against " toxic users and poorly behaving communities , " singling out the    Trump community ,    in    statements . Reddit CEO Steve Huffman said that " while some of the moderators [ of The_Donald ] have been helpful , this has not been wholly effective . "      was provided chat logs that show not only have the moderators of The_Donald cooperated with Reddit staff as best Reddit staff can to adhere to the site ’s rules , Reddit staff have done so while moderators of other subreddits put heavy pressure on Reddit staff to ban The_Donald . An exchange between Reddit Director of Community Philippe Beaudette and The_Donald moderator OhSnap shows the Reddit employee praising the " excellent collaboration " the Reddit employee ’s experienced with The_Donald ’s moderators : However , a leaked conversation between another Reddit administrator and The_Donald moderator shows the admin taking a threatening stance with The_Donald .   Reddit administrators Sodypop and Redtaboo further warned The_Donald moderator okiedoke against allowing users of The_Donald to insult Reddit CEO Steve Huffman .   Sodypop further warns that if there is not a " culture change " within the community of The_Donald , the subreddit could face deletion .   In a leaked Slack group chat featuring multiple Reddit moderators and admins , many moderators of popular subreddits called for the outright ban of The_Donald . One jokingly suggested CEO Reddit CEO Steve Huffman them temporary admin privileges so that they could delete them and spare him any resulting Reddit CEO Steve Huffman , to which Huffman replied , Reddit CEO Steve Huffman I like it . " Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart Lucas Nolan com 
 