’   ’ "    The House Intelligence Committee issued seven subpoenas Wednesday    as part of    investigation into Russian interference in the    2016 election , including subpoenas to former National Security    Adviser Michael Flynn and President Donald Trump ’s personal    lawyer , Michael Cohen . " ’    " As part of our ongoing investigation into Russian active    measures during the 2016 campaign , today our approved subpoenas    for several individuals for testimony , personal documents and    business records , " said Reps . Mike Conaway and Adam Schiff , the    top Republican and Democrat involved in the investigation . ’ ’    " We hope and expect that anyone called to testify or provide    documents will comply with that request , so that we may gain all    the information within the scope of we . We We    continue to pursue this the investigation the facts may    lead    " they said    ’ ’   ’ "    Flynn was forced to resign when it was reported in February that    he    Flynn to the Russian ambassador about US sanctions and    then    Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts Flynn Flynn    Flynn to invoke   in response to a separate subpoena issued by the    Senate Intelligence Committee . Cohen ’s subpoena comes after he    declined Cohen request to provide information and documents related    to    contacts with Cohen officials . " ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The other three subpoenas relate to questions around why Obama    administration officials " unmasked " and distributed the names of    Trump associates in classified intelligence reports . ’ ’    The Journal reported that those subpoenas were The other three subpoenas the CIA ,    FBI , and NSA and are seeking information related to unmasking    requests made by former National Security Adviser Susan Rice ,    former CIA director    Brennan , and former UN ambassador    Samantha Power . ’ ’    Unmasking requests are not uncommon , said Charles Price , a former    FBI agent who worked at the bureau for nearly three decades .    " They’’re really    that big a deal . " ’ ’    " The identities of US persons may be released under two    circumstances : 1 ) the identity is needed to make sense of the    intercept ; 2 ) if a crime is involved in the conversation , " Robert    Deitz , a former senior counselor to the CIA director and former    general counsel at the National Security Agency ,   in an earlier interview . ’ ’   ’ ’    In April , it emerged that Rice   of Trump officials whose names were incidentally    collected during routine    operations . ’ "    After news of Rice ’s request broke Rice   denied accusations that    Rice   had leaked the names Rice   unmasked Trump officials to media    Trump . " ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’The House Intelligence Committee issued seven . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 