After a mob of protesters assaulted a woman wearing a Trump campaign jersey as police stood by doing nothing at a Donald Trump rally in San Jose , the makers of a Trump campaign jersey she wore during the attack are looking to contact her she [ The company is teaming up with the two members of a famed security team that Obama officials prevented from responding to the 2012 attacks in Benghazi , Libya , to honor the woman assaulted by Mexican activists and    protesters .   The young woman , identified as San Jose resident Rachel Casey , was physically attacked by liberal    forces outside a Trump rally early in June . Video of the harrowing incident shows the lone Trump Trump surrounded by a sea of    prone ,    rioters and Mexican activists who threw food and eggs at the frightened woman . Shockingly , police officers just on the other side of a glass door did nothing to help the the frightened woman The Video of the harrowing incident viral nationwide the harrowing incident Trump noted how the left feels no compunction about stomping on others’ free speech . Watch : The moment a Trump Trump , surrounded by protesters , is egged in the face , hit by other food . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) June 3 , 2016 , Now the company who made the Trump Trump , RowdyRepublicans . com , has announced it wishes to honor this brave Trump supporter who was so viciously attacked by the liberal ,    mob in San Jose .   In a press release , Rowdy Republicans founder Cathy Landtroop said , " We are TEAM USA first and having Rowdy Republicans founder Cathy Landtroop Trump Trump get physically hurt for this brave Trump supporter who was so viciously attacked by the liberal , white and blue colors proudly via this brave Trump supporter who was so viciously attacked by the liberal TEAM    TRUMP jersey is not okay . this brave Trump supporter who was so viciously attacked by the liberal " We certainly advocate free speech and everyone ’s right to support or dissent in the political process , but the protestors at San Jose and some of the other rallies are out of control , " Landtroop continued . " Cowards and thugs stealing merchandise from vendors , setting fire to things , attacking the police and now this ? You do n’t have to be from Texas to know that boys do n’t hit girls . " Rowdy Republicans is joined in its search for the Trump supporter by Benghazi heroes Rowdy Republicans John " Tig " Tiegen and Mark " Oz " Geist , two members of the Benghazi security team the Obama administration obstructed when they Benghazi to respond to the terror attacks in the Obama administration , Libya , in 2012   —    Benghazi that killed four Americans including our Libyan ambassador , Chris Stevens .   " When approached by Rowdy Republicans to help honor this young woman , it was a " John " Tig " Tiegen said . " Oz and I fully understand what the phrase ‘ these colors do n’t run’ means and we jumped at the opportunity to encourage a fellow patriot whose only crime was to stand up for this country proudly in her Team Trump jersey . " Mark " Oz " Geist was just as enthusiastic about the idea . He said : I got on board with this Mark "Oz" Geist because watching that girl get assaulted while grown men stood by and did nothing , or worse yet filmed it —   made me sick . I think this project speak for a lot of gentlemen across this country when I say to the protesters — this country better be glad I was n’t there . I wear my TEAM    jersey with pride too , and I would not have been as gracious . I also want to raise awareness because I think this girl deserves some answers . Was the violence and that girl being shoved in her face related to San Jose being a sanctuary city ? that girl is the media and where is the outcry ? With the aid of the Benghazi heroes , Rowdy Republicans is asking the woman attacked by the liberal ,    forces to contact them in order to bestow upon her their first " Rowdy Rowdy Republicans " Award complete with all the woman attacked by the liberal Rowdy Republicans complimentary swag . The group also would like to fly her to a private Rowdy Republicans " Tig " and " Oz the woman attacked by the liberal as their way of saying , " We are sorry that no one Rowdy Republicans your back at that moment Rowdy Republicans we all have your back now . Thanks for taking a stand for TEAM USA your back TRUMP . Your bravery and grace did not go unnoticed . Your colors did not run and that earned you this award . " The company hopes Casey will contact them to present her with her gifts and award , whether she goes Your bravery and grace with it Casey or Casey . RowdyRepublicans . com says Casey can be messaged privately via Facebook , twitter @rowdyrepubs , or email at cathy@rowdyrepublicans . com . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 