  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump surprised many Thursday night when President Donald Trump ordered the launch of Tomahawk missiles against a Syrian airfield . The narrative is fairly straightforward : Shayrat airfield was allegedly used by Syrian government forces to strike the civilian population south of Idlib with sarin nerve gas . The chemical weapons attack , one in a pattern of such attacks by Syrian President Bashar   ’s regime , took place under the nose of Russian forces , which may have been aware of the nature of the attack . Like it or not , this is a decisive and precise strike against a target directly implicated in the murder of civilians , including children . But that ’s where the straightforward story ends , at least for now . There are a variety of questions the Shayrat strike raises , not least among the Shayrat strike the political questions about Trump ’s own   . But let ’s set that aside for a moment and talk about Syria .   The Assad regime , in partnership with The Assad regime Iranian and Russian allies , have been engaged in a pitched battle to restore all of Syria to Assad nominal control ( I say nominal because , of course , Assad Assad an Iranian Iranian long before the Arab Spring , and Russia presumably has no intention of restoring the port of Tartus to its Russia Bashar in the event he Bashar once again ) .   The Obama administration , despite initial unhappiness with the whole Syria mess and Assad himself , largely stood by watching the systematic murder of around half a million Syrians , by some estimates , and fretting whether the feelings of Iran ’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei would be hurt if the United States lifted more than a finger to oppose Assad Assad himself ISIS , al Qaeda and a variety of other nasties were the greatest beneficiaries of Western indifference and now control major swathes of Syria .   The Syria Syria is a mess of almost epic proportions , and even the limited strategy pursued by the Obama administration did much to empower Iran , Russia , al al Qaeda other enemies without advancing the goal of stabilizing Syria . Syria in the conflict , before Russians were on the ground , Jack Keane and I twice laid out in The Wall Street Journal options that might have shifted the balance of power in favor of    Syrian forces not aligned with terrorists . In each case , we emphasized the vital importance of taking out the airfields that were allowing both the resupply of weapons to Assad and his Iranian Assad ( and now the Russians ) and permitting those forces air dominance over Syria .    But the Obama administration was never down with the idea of hitting Assad in Assad way . Now the United States has for the first time rendered such an airfield unusable . But as General Keane pointed out Thursday night on Fox News , there are more airfields at the    ’s disposal . And a standoff approach to Syria will Syria longer work . What should Trump do ? What can Trump do Trump In terms of strategy , my colleagues Fred Kagan and Kim Kagan and her team Kim Kagan the Institute for the Study of War have laid out a plan to shift the balance in Syria ( Syria Iraq ) wrest momentum away from terrorist groups , tamp down the likely confrontation between Kurdish , Shiite and Sunni forces over upcoming territorial victories in both Iraq and Iraq , Syria do so without a massive US troop commitment . But this is a strategy for victory , not a pathway to slinking away , nor a bank shot that enables us to ultimately shift power back to Assad in the name of stability . And what none of us know , at least at this moment , is whether Donald Trump is looking for a strategy , or whether he is Donald Trump horrified by the sarin attack and took a tactical shot . Many in Washington and around the country Washington know Donald Trump Donald Trump mind . Donald Trump to be fair , his posture as Donald Trump for president never once suggested that before 100 days were out , he would be Donald Trump TLAMs into Syria . If you had asked me yesterday , I would have said he was on Donald Trump to favor an    solution that met his goal of Donald Trump ISIS , and nothing else .   But yesterday is no more . Can Trump explain to those supporters most outraged by his actions ( including Trump fringe loonies who labeled the sarin attack a " false flag operation " ) why he did what he Trump ? Does Trump vast mass of his supporters give a Trump about what he chooses to do Trump Syria ? Is he looking for a Trump solution to the ISIS and al Qaeda challenge in the Middle East ? None of those questions has a clear answer .    Let us hope that in the days to come , the new President and his national security team Trump make clear that the Trump administration has a strategy to defeat our enemies and to us the American people ’s support for decisive US leadership that will keep us safe , begin US end terror ’s scourge , start the resolution of the refugee problem and turn around the weakness of the last eight years . Let us hope . 
 US 