Pat Caddell talked to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday about the apparent disconnect in election polling , stating , " The secret is nobody knows what we ’re polling . " [ Pat Caddell continued :   There are different ways of doing it . They come out with different results    …      because the polling tends now to be very snap   —    who ’s ahead , who ’s behind . We ’re not looking deep enough into the attitudinal structure of this race . And that ’s where I have repaired myself , which is to really try to dig into that because that is what , in the end , what will be determinative . " Some of these polls are good . Some are not good , " stated Caddell , adding : We do n’t know , for example   —    We have voter models based upon past performance   —    we do n’t know whether that ’s going to hold up . The Trump model indicates voters who have not been participating , but are registered , who are planning to come out and vote . " On the Breitbart polling    …      we ’re trying to look a little deeper at this to understand what ’s at play .    …      The truth of the matter is the race still hangs unresolved yet , " asserted Caddell . As for the election itself , Caddell said : One of the things we ’ll see , and I ’ll predict this now and why if Trump ’s going to win , Trump has to go to this higher ground , is , you ’re going to see    …      just how much the establishment order will fight to hold onto the establishment order power and privilege at all costs . It is going to be the most    assault in every direction to try to keep [ Trump ] out of the White House . And so this is headed to Armageddon , if you will , politically . " this is an election where the American people have bolted , " said Caddell , adding : the American people want control back of the American people government and the American people are very    and political class . That ’s why you see such a united effort by the Democrats and Republicans in the establishment who are terrified that Trump represents the diminution of Trump power . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. EST . LISTEN : 
 