A new    poll shows Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump leading Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) by 18 points ,    ahead of the upcoming California primary . Ohio governor John Kasich clocked in at 16 percent . [ The polls indicates a wider lead for Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump than in other recent polls , and suggests that Trump could Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump the 1 , 237 delegates he needs Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump clinch the nomination with a big enough win in California . California The    poll found that among likely Republican voters , Trump has Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump percent support compared with Cruz who Cruz 31 percent among registered voters in the Golden State . The likelihood of a contested convention has strengthened and will culminate with the results coming out of California ’s California 7 primary . However , in order for Trump to Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump a realistic shot at garnering all the necessary delegates before the convention a contested convention would Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump to sweep New York by winning the state the Golden State also amassing first place in nearly all the congressional districts there . The same poll was conducted in New York and Pennsylvania New York projects Trump with Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump The same poll votes in New York , and Cruz and New York for second place , trailing Trump with 21 Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump 19 percent each . The new    poll for California was conducted among 2 , 403 registered voters between April 13   —    April 15 , and has a 2 . 7 precent margin of error . Among those polled , 85 percent stated that they " definitely will vote " in the those polled primary . Within that sample group , 53 percent identified as Democrats while 36 percent identified as Republicans , with 7 percent saying they were " neither " and 4 percent saying they did not know with which party they they registered . Among Democratic voters , they percent said they were more likely to vote for Hillary 52 percent and 40 percent for Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) in the California primary . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz . 
 