Reagan biographer and public affairs consultant Craig Shirley tells Breitbart News Daily that " Cleveland is going to be a city under siege by Left wing protesters protesting Donald Trump and the Republicans " when the GOP comes to town to pick the GOP nominee in July . [ " First of all , on the outside , you can expect a lot of protesters a la Chicago    …      a lot of Left wing protesters , Black Lives Matter , Left Wing college professors , " Shirley tells host Stephen K. Bannon .   As for how tough and dirty things are going to get inside at the GOP convention , Shirley says , " Use your wildest imagination and then multiply your wildest imagination by ten . " Asked if he thought it would be worst than 1976 , when Reagan faced then President Ford in a contested convention , Shirley said , " Yes , definitely . I do n’t see anybody being nominated on the first ballot , which will be the first time since television started covering the conventions . " " Everything short of breaking the law " will be in play to win delegates , said Shirley , citing tales from 1976 to make his case . " Jim Baker , Ford ’s chief delegate honcho had to negotiate with about 150 uncommitted delegates . And his had to know Jim Baker, Ford’s chief delegate honcho bartender , Jim Baker, Ford’s chief delegate honcho mistresses , Jim Baker, Ford’s chief delegate honcho wants and what Jim Baker, Ford’s chief delegate honcho liked and what Jim Baker, Ford’s chief delegate honcho did n’t like . Jim Baker, Ford’s chief delegate honcho used everything Jim Baker, Ford’s chief delegate honcho could " to secure delegates . Added Shirley , " An uncommitted delegate from Suffolk County , NY had a private meeting in the Oval Office with Ford’s and came out with a federal sewer contract for his Ford’s and Ford Ford’s his Ford’s vote . " " Inside , it really depends on whether they his uncommitted vote their his uncommitted vote , or whether or not they his uncommitted vote n’t keep their his uncommitted vote . Conventions have descended into fist fights before . I ’m not saying that this will but they Conventions to make sure the air conditioning is working in whatever arena they Conventions meeting there in Cleveland . That ’s for sure , " concluded Shirley . Shirley Shirley include ‘ Reagan ’s Revolution : The Untold Story of the Campaign That Started It All,’ ‘ Rendezvous with Destiny : Ronald Reagan Reagan Campaign That Changed America ‘ and ‘ Last Act : The Final Years and Emerging Legacy of Ronald Reagan.’ Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . You can listen to the full interview below : 
 