  ( CNN ) Several    Republican senators cast doubt Thursday on the chances of the GOP leadership plan to replace Obamacare , saying the process is moving too quickly and adding to a raft of woes for House Speaker Paul Ryan and President Donald Trump .   " The House bill as currently drafted , I do n’t believe will pass the Senate , " said Sen. Ted Cruz , one day after Sen. Ted Cruz and Sen. Ted Cruz family dined with President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump as part of the President ’s efforts to woo conservatives to support the plan . However , the Texas Republican added : " the Texas Republican can fix it . " Since Republicans ca n’t count on any Democratic support to get through Congress , GOP leaders are counting on a    front to advance the health care legislation , a level of unity that was n’t on display over the past several days in either the House or the Senate . House leaders are also trying to advance this leg of the Obamacare repeal as part of the reconciliation process , which helps inoculate the bill from the threat of a filibuster but means leaders wanted the legislation wrapped in advance of the    Easter recess . That deadline , however , did not appear to work for Sen. Tom Cotton . " No normal American cares whether a health care bill passes before the Easter recess or the Memorial Day recess or any other recess , " the Arkansas Republican told reporters . " the Arkansas Republican do n’t care that we get health care done fast . the Arkansas Republican care that we get it done right . " Cotton , generally seen as a Trump ally , blasted the House Thursday morning , accusing Cotton, generally seen as a Trump ally of ramming health care through the same way that Democrats did eight years ago .   " the House bill ca n’t pass Senate    major changes . To my friends in House the House pause , start over . Get it right , do n’t get it it , " Cotton tweeted Thursday morning . Cotton Cotton : " What matters in long run is better , more affordable health care for Americans , NOT the House arbitrary legislative calendar . " Conservatives in the House the House out a set of demands they say is Conservatives in the House to earn enough votes for the bill to pass the chamber . And even as House lawmakers worked the House the night Wednesday and into the morning Thursday pushing through the health care bill , the White House the House leaders continued their the House lobbying effort . the White House and House Republican leaders And other senators have said they simply do n’t want the White House and House Republican leaders weigh in without seeing the impact the Congressional Budget Office determines in its " score " of the Congressional Budget Office proposal .   " It ’s kind of crazy they ’re voting without a the White House and House Republican leaders , " Sen. Bill Cassidy , a Louisiana Republican , said Thursday .   Cotton also raised those concerns in a tweet . " GOP should n’t act like Dems did in O’care . No excuse to release bill Mon night , start voting We d . With no budget estimate , " he continued . And members bill the House felt the pressure of the leadership ’s timeline . Asked about Cotton ’s tweets , Rep. Cotton King agreed that House Republicans were moving too the House and did not give Congress enough time to improve it . " We should have had more Congress to digest it . I would have it seen it out for a week it 10 days before they go to a committee and mark it up , " the it Republican told Cuomo . " It really is n’t much time for anybody to bring amendments to try to make the change . " Republicans can only afford to lose a few votes in the Senate , and some members have been vocal with their criticism including Sen. Rand Republicans , who ’s repeatedly called the current bill " Obamacare Lite . "   But Senate GOP leaders insist they the Senate have enough support Senate GOP leaders pass health care through the Senate .   " the Senate n’t know what the House bill is yet , the current bill "Obamacare Lite n’t passed the House , " the current bill "Obamacare Lite Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn . the Senate We have been working very closely with them because we want to make sure that Senate GOP leaders they We us passes the Byrd Rule Test Senate GOP leaders " We We will pass it and it will be We by the the Byrd Rule Test , the Byrd Rule Test Cornyn said . 
 Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn 