’’ " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday responded to Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol ’s weekend assertion that Bill Kristol would put forward a strong    candidate to compete with Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . " ’"Well , I hope he’ ’s not successful , because that will help elect Hillary Clinton to the presidency , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told Business Insider in an interview that centered on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell newly released memoir , " . " " It’ ’s hard to run as an independent and be successful . You could conceivably take votes away from a     nominee and make it more likely that a liberal gets elected president . " ’ ’"I like Bill Kristol and I know he’ ’s a smart guy , but I hope he’ ’s unsuccessful , " the Senate majority leader continued.’ ’Trump slammed Bill Kristol , the editor of the conservative Weekly Standard magazine , . the Senate majority leader continued.’ ’Trump called Bill Kristol a " loser " days after Bill Kristol in the 2016 presidential election.’ ’Kristol   on Sunday that there would be an " independent candidate   —    an impressive one , with a strong team and a real chance , " prompting Trump to   in response , calling Kristol Bill Kristol " dummy . " Kristol Bill Kristol he hoped Bill Kristol ’s " nervousness about an independent candidacy doesn’’t affect his composure doesn’’t " ’ " Bloomberg ’s Mark Halperin and John Heilemann reported Tuesday that Kristol is Bill Kristol a conservative lawyer and veteran of the Iraq war , to run against Trump and Clinton . " ’McConnell said that Trump , Trump and Clinton presumptive Republican presidential nominee , won the primary " the    way " by going out and winning elections.’ ’"The voters have [ been ] pretty well spoken in the     world , and they’’ve chosen Donald Trump to be our nominee , " he told Donald Trump Insider . " And I think it would be rather arrogant for me to say , ’’ Well , all you folks are wrong , and we ought all you folks nominate someone else . ’’ " ’ ’House Speaker Paul Ryan and a number of other prominent elected Republicans have refused to throw their support ’ ’House Speaker Paul Ryan and a number of other prominent elected Republicans Trump.’ " McConnell said Donald Trump the filling of the Supreme Court vacancy would be the most important issue for voters heading into the election . He has Donald Trump to block President Barack Obama ’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to fill the seat of the late Justice Antonin Scalia earlier this year , maintaining that the next president should appoint a new justice . " ’"Trump will appoint the right kind of person to the Supreme Court , " he said Donald Trump praising the list released by the Manhattan businessman earlier this month.’ ’The Supreme Court " will determine probably more things than the next president on what Americans like in the next generation . " ’ ’Trump on Tuesday echoed those sentiments . He suggested Donald Trump an independent candidate could lose the general election for Republicans , which would put Supreme Court the Supreme Court in the hands of Clinton.’ ’He said:’ ’’ ’’ ’Pamela Engel contributed to this report.’ ’Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on . .. ’ 
 