’   ’ ’    In addition to UN    ambassador Nikki Haley also delivered a . ’ ’    " We call on all members of the Security Council to use every    available resource to make it clear to the North Korean regime   —      and the North Korean regime   enablers   —    that these launches are unacceptable , "    her statement read . ’ ’    " It is time to hold North Korea accountable   —    not with our words ,    but with our actions . " ’ ’    Earlier , US President Donald Trump pledged to deal with Pyongyang    " very strongly . " ’ ’    North Korea has repeatedly flouted six     Council resolutions demanding an end to its North Korea and ballistic    missile activities and has continued to launch missiles ,    escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula and in the region . ’ ’    The missile test ,   is seen as an    implicit challenge to Trump , who has vowed a tough line on North    Korea but has yet to release a strategy for dealing with a    country whose nuclear ambitions have bedeviled US leaders for    decades . ’ ’    " North North   Korea a big , big problem and we will deal with that    very strongly , " Trump said at a joint news conference Monday with    Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau . ’ ’ S called the launch " a further troubling violation    of   Council resolutions " and urged North    North   Korea with its international obligations , North   Korea deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said . ’ ’    " The    appeals to the international community to    continue to address    situation in a united manner , " Haq said . ’ deputy spokesman Farhan Haq    South Korea condemned what North   Korea " serious military North   Korea     threats " and predicted more such tests .    Prime Minister Hwang    who is also the acting president ,    said his country would punish North Prime Minister Hwang   who is also the acting president,    the missile launch North   Korea ’    The United States , Japan and South Korea requested the urgent     Council North   Korea ’ ’   ’ ’    In previous   Council actions on North Korea ,    the United States and North   Korea a neighbor and ally of Pyongyang ,    have been the key negotiators . ’ ’    After previous ballistic missile tests , the     Council has issued a strong condemnation , called for redoubled    efforts to fully implement sanctions , and reiterated       importance of maintaining peace and stability on the Korean    Peninsula and in northeast Asia . ’ ’    Britain ambassador Rycroft called the latest test " another    flagrant violation " of council resolutions . " There should be a    statement unifying the   Council and setting    out clearly the seriousness of the violation , " he said . ’ ’    North Korea already Britain ambassador Rycroft a variety of    missiles that can    hit South Korea and Japan , including US military bases in those    countries . It has also successfully tested a      missile and development of such missiles would add a weapon that    is harder to detect before launch . ’ ’    " These are serious military and   threats , "    Jeong    spokesman at South Korea’ ’s Ministry of    Unification , told reporters . " Pyongyang has no intention of    backing away from its goal to become a country with nuclear       . " ’ ’   ’ "    North Korea ’s Central News Agency said the country ’s leader , Kim    Jong   Kim    test and expressed pleasure at the North ’s expansion of its    strategic strike capabilities . " ’       report early Monday also said Kim gave the order to fire the    " " which the agency said was a " Korean style new    strategic weapon system . " ’ ’    It is believed to have flown about 500 kilometers ( 310 miles )    before splashing down into the ocean in international waters . ’ ’    The report said the test proved " the reliability and    " of a new mobile launching system The report early Monday    solid fuel that was used , and the guidance and control features    of the ballistic missile . Solid fuel can give missiles longer    range and make detecting them before launch more difficult    because they can be readied faster than liquid fuel missiles . ’ ’    It added that Kim " expressed    satisfaction over the    possession of another powerful nuclear attack means . " ’ ’    Reports of the launch came as Trump was hosting Japanese Prime    Minister Shinzo Abe , who called it " absolutely intolerable . " ’ ’    China , facing criticism that it is not doing enough to pressure    North Korea to drop its nuclear program , said Monday that it    root cause of North Korean missile launches is friction with   North Korea    United States and South Korea . Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng    Shuang said China opposed the launch . ’ ’In addition to all 15 council members . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 