Democrats are aghast that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would declare Democrats election system " rigged , " and that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump declined to state in the third presidential debate whether Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would accept the result if Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump loses in November . [ Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is both wrong , and right , about the " rigged " nature of our election system : in a fair system , Hillary Clinton would certainly not be her Hillary Clinton ’s candidate .   Regardless , Democrats   —    including Hillary Hillary Clinton —    seem to have forgotten their own Democrats   of claiming elections are " rigged . " 1 . 2000 : Al Gore and the Florida recount . Yes , Gore eventually Al Gore the result   —    but only after withdrawing his concession Al Gore trying to have the vote recounted only in    Florida counties , and suing to stop ballots from being recounted . Even after a consortium of media outlets concluded that George W. Bush had indeed won more votes in Florida , Florida continued to claim the election had been " stolen " by the Supreme Court and Bush was George W. Bush illegitimate president . 2 . 2004 : John Kerry and " rigged " machines . While Kerry conceded John Kerry election the election and his John Kerry mate John Kerry to believe afterwards that the election had the election from them , possibly by he and his running mate machines . Elizabeth Edwards said in 2007 that she had been " Elizabeth Edwards disappointed " in Kerry ’s decision to John Kerry the election . And the election the New Yorker reported that Kerry believed " proxies for John Kerry had rigged many voting machines " in Ohio , and that he may in fact have John Kerry the election . 3 . the election John Podesta and Obama ’s voter fraud . As the Wall Street Journal pointed out recently , President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder have suggested that voter ID laws are a way of rigging elections against black people . And while they downplay fears of voter fraud President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta John Podesta in 2015 that John Podesta believed that " the Obama forces flooded the caucuses with Hillary Clinton voters " to win the primary . 4 . 2014 : Congress and a " rigged " district system . Thanks to the Tea Party wave election in 2010 in response to Obamacare , Republicans were left in charge of many state legislatures as they redrew congressional district boundaries . Except in a few states   Republicans    such as Illinois , where Democrats drew several Republicans out of their seats   —    that meant Republicans held the advantage in several Republicans House . As a result , Democrats complained bitterly that congressional elections were " rigged " against them . 5 . 2016 : Bernie Sanders and a " rigged congressional elections primary . Sanders uses the word " rigged " often to describe the economic Bernie Sanders . But in 2016 , the Democratic Party primary was rigged against him in a political sense   —    both openly , in Bernie Sanders party ’s    super delegate system , and secretly , through the Democratic Party party officials and the Clinton campaign . Sanders supporters protested at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia against what Bernie Sanders called a " rigged " election . Hillary Clinton herself has made Sanders supporters least one similar claim . National Review Clinton    which officially opposed Trump earlier this year   —    points out that Clinton told a private fundraiser in 2002 that George W. Bush had been " Clinton , " not " elected . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca Joel B. Pollak Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 