On a trip to New York City , London ’s Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan has said terror attacks are " part and parcel " of urban life , just hours after an Islamic terrorist bombed New York City . [ Mr. Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan seized the opportunity to launch an explicit attack on the Brexit vote and rise of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . He compared Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan two movements , claiming they are two movements driven by " scapegoating " .   He said Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan he and Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan de Blasio , the Mayor of New York , " believe in building bridges rather than walls " and that there are leaders " who address people ’s concerns " and others " who play on people ’s fears " . The London Mayor joked that he " The London Mayor n’t really get involved in the American elections " but added : " I hope the best candidate wins   —    I ’m sure she will The London Mayor repeating his endorsement The London Mayor Hillary Clinton which he first The London Mayor in Chicago last week . Building Inclusive Cities : Mayor Bill de Blasio in conversation with London Mayor London Khan at LaGuardia Community College in Long Island City . Posted by Mayor Bill de Blasio on Sunday , 18 September 2016 ,    The two    mayors , of London and London York , were speaking at an event called ‘ Building Progressive , Inclusive Cities’ in New York New York is the second time the men have met , after coming together before Mr. Khan Sunday , Mr. Khan had spoken at a " meeting for Muslim community leaders " where he also addressed the attacks . " It is a reality I ’m afraid Mr. Khan London , New York , other major cities around the world have got to be prepared for these sorts of things , " he said , the Evening Standard reports . " That means being vigilant , Mr. Khan a police force that is in touch with communities , it means the security services being ready , but also it means exchanging ideas and best practice , " he added . At the it with New York ’s Mayor , he began Mr. Khan " It ’s important , in the context of the explosion Mr. Khan night , for me to say this to you : Londoners stand shoulder to shoulder with New Yorkers . " He then appeared to draw an equivalence between people who say offence things and Mr. Khan who commit violence . He slammed " some people who try and divide our communities " people who Mr. Khan say things they should n’t be saying " along with " people who try to commit acts of terror " . " We are the West " he asserted , insisting that it is " compatible to be someone with Western Mr. Khan values   …      [ and ] to be a mainstream Muslim " . Building bridges not walls : with young people from all faiths   backgrounds here at Temple Sholom in Chicago w @ifyc pic . twitter .    —    Sadiq Khan ( @SadiqKhan ) September 17 , 2016 ,   In New York , he also said of the Brexit it Vote : " I tell you what Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) September 17, 2016,  In New York when we voted to leave the EU , there was a spike in race attacks Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) September 17, 2016,  In New York despite the fact this claim has been widely discredited . Mr. Khan also attacked those who raise concerns about his connections with radical Islam Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) September 17, 2016,  In New York his Conservative opponent in the London mayoral election Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) September 17, 2016,  In New York a " negative " and " Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) September 17, 2016,  In New York " campaign containing " some of the worst sorts of Islamophobia you have every seen " . During the campaign , it emerged Mr. Khan had shared a platform with numerous    defended    terrorists as the campaign barrister Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) September 17, 2016,  In New York had a     who was a member of banned jihadi group   . And since taking office , he has appointed an    " Integration Deputy Mayor " as Breitbart London revealed last week Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) September 17, 2016,  In New York 
 