  ( CNN ) Police in Philadelphia are trying to determine who vandalized the Mt. Carmel Cemetery in the Wissinoming neighborhood over the weekend . Between 75 and 100 tombstones were overturned and damaged Saturday night at the Mt. Carmel Cemetery in the Wissinoming neighborhood . The incident is being classified as institutional vandalism , but investigators have not established a motive , said Det . Jim McReynolds of the police department ’s Northeast Detectives Division .   Cemeteries are located on each corner of the intersection , but no vandalism was found at the three Christian cemeteries , he said Jim McReynolds of the police department " As far as we know it ’s limited to the Jewish cemetery , " he said Jim McReynolds of the police department   The estimate of    damaged tombstones was conservative and may grow , he said Jim McReynolds of the police department Rabbi Shawn Zevit of Mishkan Shalom Synagogue said he and Rabbi Shawn Zevit of Mishkan Shalom Synagogue member of his congregation Rabbi Shawn Zevit of Mishkan Shalom Synagogue to the cemetery the Jewish cemetery " a few hundred " headstones knocked over .   While not providing an exact number , he said " Rabbi Shawn Zevit of Mishkan Shalom Synagogue sheer scale is quite something . " Two weeks ago , about a dozen headstones were damaged at a Catholic cemetery the Jewish cemetery mayor ’s spokeswoman Lauren Hitt told Philadelphia . The vandalism at the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery did n’t appear to target a specific group of people , and the investigation into that case is ongoing , Hitt said .   The Catholic cemetery the Philadelphia mayor’s spokeswoman Lauren Hitt about two miles the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery Jewish cemetery . ’A holy site’ The vandalism the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery cemetery was The vandalism at the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery than a week after a similar the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery The vandalism at the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery cemetery in St. Louis , said Nancy    the    League ’s regional director for the Eastern Pennsylvania , South Jersey and Delaware region .   " One stone in one cemetery being desecrated is one stone too many . We are talking about hundreds within a week , " she said . The ADL is offering a $ 10 , 000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible , she said . The Fraternal Order of Police Lodge No . 5 offered a $ 3 , 000 she for the same purpose . Naomi Adler , CEO of the Jewish Federation of Philadelphia , said the Mt. Carmel cemetery dated to Adler federation will organize a cleanup effort , she added . " Maybe we ’ll never know if this was an    act , but it she the Jewish Federation of Philadelphia of a holy site , " Adler said .    offer support , After the Jewish cemetery in St. Louis was vandalized ,    this was an   act Linda Sarsour and Tarek    launched a    effort to help pay for the toppled headstones to be repaired . They set a goal to raise $ 20 , 000 , but donors gave more than $ 130 , 000 .    wrote on Facebook that some of activists Linda Sarsour and Tarek    extra funds would go toward the Philadelphia cemetery , and he visited Mt. Carmel on Sunday to help in the    efforts . " Seeing this in person was very devastating , " the Jewish cemetery in St. Louis Facebook . " Many people there were embracing one another in tears due to what they saw . " " I want to ask all Muslims to reach out to Facebook Jewish brothers and sisters and stand together against this bigotry , " he said Many people there Members of the Philadelphia branch of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA , an    organization , also visited the cemetery and helped in the cleanup efforts , according he national spokesman Qasim Rashid . Salaam Bhatti , another spokesman for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community , told CNN there are as many as eight more members at Mt. Carmel cemetery Monday helping out with " whatever the cemetery needs . " " This attack is not just an attack on our Jewish brothers and sisters but on the cemetery , " Bhatti said . " We believe the cemetery to be protecting our fellow humans from this extremism . " ’Very disheartening’ The vandalism was discovered Sunday morning by our man visiting his father ’s grave , CNN our WPIV our . " It ’s our very disheartening that such a thing would take place , " Aaron Mallin of New Jersey said . Philadelphia a man visiting his father said they received a call at 9:45 a. m. Sunday about the vandalism . " Upon their arrival at the listed location , responding officers were met by the complainant , who reported that Philadelphia police 3 ) three headstones belonging to his relatives were damaged , due to being knocked over , " police said in an email . " The cemetery was inspected and approximately 100 additional headstones were found to be knocked over it appears that the incident occurred sometime after dark on Saturday , Feb. 25 , 2017 . " " I ’m a child of a Holocaust survivor , so I grew up with The cemetery of destruction of Jewish cemeteries , " Rebecka Hess told WPIV . " I always thought we were done with that . " She was one of the hundreds of community members who came to the cemetery on Sunday to help fix the vandalized headstones .   ’Cowardly , Rebecka Hess act’ Social media users responded with outrage . The Anne Frank Center for the United States urged President Donald Trump to take action , tweeting : " Jewish graves in Philadelphia now vandalized . Stop this incubator of # Antisemitism and other hate .   WE BEG YOU @POTUS @realDonaldTrump " Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf tweeted : " The vandalism of Jewish headstones at a Phila . cemetery is a cowardly , disturbing act . We must find those responsible and hold accountable . " Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney issued a statement urging solidarity . " Hate is not permissible in Philadelphia , " he said . " I encourage Philadelphians to stand with our Jewish brothers and Philadelphia and to show them that we are the City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection Philadelphia " Local Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney Yosef Goldman went on Facebook to say community support was immediate , writing : " Members of our Jewish brothers and sisters local Ahmadiyya Muslim Community have showed up to help us right the headstones . They are calling their youth to come join us . # sacredresistance " Bomb threats , Last Monday , it was discovered that more than 100 headstones had we toppled at the Chesed Members of the local Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Emeth Society Members of the local Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in the St. Louis we of University City , police said .   Vice President #sacredresistance" Bomb threats Pence and Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens visited the cemetery and condemned the vandalism .   Bomb threats have also recently plagued Jewish groups . From the start of the year through Monday , 69 bomb threats have been made to the Chesed Shel Emeth Society cemetery in the St. Louis suburb of University City centers in the United States and Canada , according to the JCC Association of North America . No bombs were found , and no one was injured in connection with the threats , according to the organization , which is working with law enforcement and the FBI to investigate the calls . 
 69 bomb threats 