New York ( CNN ) After 30 years in the spotlight , Hillary Clinton finally found the balance on gender that has bedeviled Hillary Clinton throughout Hillary Clinton career during the debate at Hofstra Monday night .   Demonstrate power , command of the issues and the ability to shred your opponent     all while seeming ( just ) likeable enough .    Monday night ’s faceoff with Donald Trump could have been heralded as another historic first for women . But Clinton made no mention of a glass ceiling . There was no    nod to the fact that Clinton was the first female nominee of a major party to take that stage before as many as 100 million people .     Clinton wore red , a power color , but with a feminine cut that looked anything but severe . Clinton was smooth and measured flicking subtly to Clinton gender with a quick mention of granddaughter Charlotte right off the top , but then did n’t dwell on the top .   Clinton did n’t lecture . Clinton smiled ( a lot )   —    even as he slid into he role of    .    Before Monday night ’s debate , all the attention was on which Donald Trump would appear     the restrained candidate or the    of primary days .    But it was the former secretary of state who pulled off the more fascinating performance     taking command of the stage , dominating Donald Trump on a wide array of issues , luring Donald Trump into    digressions about the source of Donald Trump wealth and whether Donald Trump pays federal taxes .    Donald Trump complains about debate mic , In an interesting strategic move , Donald Trump waited until the very end of the debate to throw Donald Trump sharpest dart by raising his past descriptions of women " as pigs , slobs and dogs " and his criticism of weight gain by 1996 Miss Universe Alicia Machado .   Donald Trump shook Donald Trump head , demanding where Donald Trump had gotten Donald Trump information ( it ’s on tape ) but then did n’t seem to have an effective response . Instead Donald Trump wandered off into a digression about Rosie O’Donnell , the meanness of Clinton ’s ads , and the notion that Donald Trump had planned to mention Bill Clinton ’s infidelities     but was holding back the instinct to say " something extremely rough to Hillary , to Hillary family . "   " I said to Hillary , ’I ca n’t do it . I just ca n’t do it,’ Trump said . And then the debate was over .    One critical task for Clinton in the coming weeks is activating and energizing female voters , particularly moderate Republican and undecided women turned off by Trump .   Clinton team clearly felt Clinton light touch gender strategy     provoking Trump but not complaining about Clinton treatment     worked Monday night .   Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta told reporters before leaving New York that Trump ’s " constant interruption of Clinton probably was reminiscent of the way a lot of women feel about bullies in women lives . Her campaign chairman John Podesta added , " I thought it was kind of unbecoming and Her campaign chairman John Podesta could n’t stop Her campaign chairman John Podesta . " The campaign followed up with a    web video showing Trump comments on Machado ’s weight and the nickname she said he Her campaign chairman John Podesta for the Latina contest winner : " Miss Housekeeping . " Who is Alicia Machado ?   In a gaggle with reporters en route to North Carolina , Clinton brushed off Trump Trump , taking a page from Carly Fiorina ’s playbook when Trump made Trump during the GOP primary about her face Carly Fiorina   " I think his demeanor , his temperament his his behavior his the stage could be seen by everybody , " Clinton told Clinton who had asked about his frequent Clinton .   The strategy ? Let women judge for themselves . women Was she fearful Clinton future mentions of Bill Clinton Clinton   " He can run his Clinton however he Clinton , and Clinton you know , I will continue to talk about what I want to do for the American people , " she replied . As Clinton race has tightened in recent weeks , Trump ’s aides believe it is in part because they are making gains Trump’s aides suburban women , particularly in states like Colorado and Pennsylvania , who like Trump ’s childcare plan Trump’s recent policy speeches . Trump’s How Trump ’s performance affects that Trump’s to be seen . But he seemed to have walked into Trump’s ’s trap on Fox   Friends Tuesday morning when he defended his comments about Machado Trump’s weight Trump’s   " I know that person , that person was a Miss Universe that person and she was the worst we ever had that person The worst , the absolute worst , " Trump said , later adding , " She was the winner and you know that person she gained a massive amount of weight that person it was a real problem . "   Clearly Trump is n’t afraid to double down Trump his past comments about women , even Trump his advisers have tried to steer him Trump more substantive policy issues . Trump Clinton is going to let that play out . 
 