Washington ( CNN ) A bipartisan group of more than 70 former federal prosecutors     including 50 who served in Republican administrations     issued a harshly worded statement Tuesday in support of former acting Attorney General Sally Yates .   President Donald Trump dramatically fired former acting Attorney General Sally Yates Monday night for " refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States , " the White House said .   " ( former acting Attorney General Sally Yates has betrayed the Department of Justice , " a harshly worded statement the White House former prosecutors also said they could not have defended Trump The former prosecutors order had President Donald Trump been asked to do so The former prosecutors Trump fires acting AG   " Struck by one stunning headline after another , we stopped to think : If we were called upon to defend we executive order , could we do it within the guidelines we learned we were called upon to defend the executive order lived by as we for the United States ? We could not , " the we said . " Acting Attorney General Yates was right to refuse to do so . If her successor wishes to follow in Acting Attorney General Yates finest traditions of the Justice Department , he will reverse course and do her successor same , " it added . Yates had sent her successor wishes to follow in the finest traditions of the Justice Department letter to Acting Attorney General Yates Department lawyers saying her job the Justice Department ensure their Acting Attorney General Yates was " not only legally defensible , but is informed by our best view of what the we is after consideration of all the facts . "   " In addition , I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution ’s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right , " she added .   Who is Acting Attorney General Yates Yates ? Trump ’s executive order , signed Friday , bars citizens of seven    countries from entering the United States for the next 90 days , suspends the admission of all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely suspends the Syrian refugee program . Yates’ decision came amid a flood of protests against the executive order nationwide and after four federal judges ruled against Trump ’s order , staying its impact on people who were detained Trump’s US airports over the weekend . The bipartisan group dates back to the 1970 ’s and the signatories also include a number of former assistants to Rudy Giuliani , during his tenure as US attorney for the Rudy Giuliani District of New York .   The former New York City mayor was been a    Trump campaign adviser . After Yates told Justice Department lawyers not to defend the travel ban , Trump promptly relieved her of her duties   Trump installed Dana The former New York City mayor , The former New York City mayor US attorney , to serve in the acting capacity until Jeff Sessions , Trump ’s nominee for the post ,   Trump by the Senate . Boente , nominated by President Barack Obama in 2015 for US attorney in Virginia , rescinded Yates’ directive late Monday , instructing Justice Department lawyers to " defend the lawful orders of our President . " Yates had spent years defending Obama administration policies , championing changes to the criminal justice system and curtailing the federal government ’s use of private prisons . In a written statement , Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch lauded Yates , Obama her leadership " courageous . Yates   " Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch Yates ) displayed the fierce intellect , unshakeable Yates , and deep commitment to the rule of law , " Lynch said . Eric Holder , Obama ’s Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch attorney general , also tweeted Obama support : " Sally Yates : person Eric Holder    with great legal skill . Has served this nation with distinction . Her judgment should be trusted . " 
 