’   ’ ’    Senator Patrick Leahy , who sits on the Senate Judiciary    Committee , expressed concern on CNN Monday over whether or not    Russia was still " influencing " the actions of the United States . ’ ’    " If they are , then God save us all , because whether you’’re a    Democrat , a Republican , or an Independent , you’’d better fear for    the United States of America , " the Vermont Democrat said . ’ ’    Trump was accused in a Washington Post article of having     highly classified information to Russian    Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey Kislyak    during Russian   Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey Kislyak    meeting in the Oval Office last week . ’ ’    The information Trump revealed could have potentially jeopardized    a key intelligence source on ISIS , according to the Washington    Post , and the president did not have permission from the    source to reveal The information Trump revealed . However , as president he    was   to reveal the The information Trump revealed ’ ’    " It would be almost inconceivable that any president would allow    something    that nature out , " Leahy said , when asked by Wolf    Blitzer about the possibility of Trump    sharing sensitive intelligence to the Russians . ’ ’’ ’    Leahy said Leahy Trump’ ’s potential reveal could cause    distrust between the US and its sources Trump’ He said Leahy US has    operatives that lay in " deep cover " for years " waiting for that    one time " they might the US necessary information .   ’ ’    " We have very few allies we can We that information necessary information "    Leahy said . " We do it We the British the US but very few others . " ’ ’    Leahy also noted that   Leahy US has to " rely on countries    that normally we don’’t deal a the US with to on occasion give    us information . " ’ ’    He added the US   Leahy not the US " turn off those sources " because    American operatives " can’’t be in every single place in the    world every single time . If we can’’t rely on others to help us ,    then we’’re in deep trouble . "   ’ ’Senator Patrick Leahy , who sits on the Senate . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 