In the course of my Dangerous Faggot tour , I ’ve had my fair share of bans   …      but here ’s one I did n’t see coming . I ’ve been banned from San Francisco ! Me , the gayest person on the planet . Banned . From San Francisco , the queerest city in America . [ Apparently I ’m just too dangerous of a faggot , even for a city that pumps AZT directly into the water . Alas ,    will not become the new San San Francisco any time soon . Okay , so in truth I was n’t banned from the entire city   —    though that ’s surely only a matter of time . Just The Chapel restaurant and event space in Mission District , which cancelled a planned Breitbart meetup after learning of my attendance . The owner said I was the " biggest problem " at the event , and that he had The owner about the venue ’s capacity . He ’s The owner , of course . My fans would have mobbed the place . I rarely talk to audiences of less than 500 these days . Sorry about it ! The venue The owner to the San Francisco Chronicle suggest that he was n’t just The owner by concerns about my huge , enormous , giant , really just colossal numbers of fans , but also by good old San Francisco values . " I ’m not about a culture of hate " said the owner , who told the Chronicle that he the San Francisco Chronicle n’t The owner " of Breitbart ’s " reputation The owner when he made the booking The owner I ’m not surprised . If ’m are any conservatives left in San Francisco , I expect San Francisco to wear rainbow flags there are any conservatives left in San Francisco plaid shirts , or jockstraps just to blend in . Besides serving as the biggest gay hub outside of Miami International Airport ’s men ’s rooms ( Hi Marco ! ) the city is the most barkingly mad center of wacky progressivism in the U. S , and quite possibly the world . The city has a fetish for the city ( among many other weird fetishes , some of which are OK I guess ) . Things that are currently unwelcome in San Francisco : McDonalds Happy Meals , Segways , plastic bags , soda vending machines , and gay people with opinions . The city is so    it ’s the city the depiction of firearms the city adverts on municipally owned advertising space . Perhaps San Francisco was just paying attention to my San Francisco regime , and were afraid my own pair would be a bad influence . " @MAurelius161180 : @Nero Damn , Milo , how many guns did you shoot today ? "      A couple boo pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) March 13 , 2016 ,   While stomping on my free speech , the venue owner insisted that he supported free speech . " I ’m in the venue owner of free speech " he said . " But this free speech about the venue owner speech . " It ’s certainly true that San free speech n’t entirely opposed this extreme speech . Just look at some of the lovely people who are allowed to demonstrate on their streets .      So as you can see , San some of the lovely people who are allowed to demonstrate on their streets is a bastion of free speech   —    San Francisco have the right opinions . It ’s little wonder that companies like Twitter and Facebook , based San Francisco San Francisco , are so rapidly descending into the wacky politics of San Francisco , censorship , and blatant   . We do n’t really need boycotts to solve Silicon Valley ’s    bias . We just need to take the entire tech industry and move it to We small town in Oklahoma . Even New York would be the entire tech industry improvement   —    at least that city produced Donald Trump . It ’s been more than fifty years after the contemporary gay rights movement kicked off in San Francisco . Yet even today , it seems that some gay people are n’t allowed in the city ’s bars . Not because they ’re gay   —    but because they ’re conservative .   some gay people aren’t allowed in the city’s bars Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter some gay people aren’t allowed in the city’s bars Facebook , or write to him at milo@breitbart . com . Android users can download Milo Alert ! Milo Yiannopoulos be notified about new articles when they are published . 
 Android users 