WASHINGTON   —    The comparison was inflammatory , to say the least . Former Gov. William F. Weld of Massachusetts equated Donald J. Trump ’s immigration plan with Kristallnacht , the night of horror in 1938 when rampaging Nazis smashed Jewish homes and businesses in Germany and killed scores of Jews . But if it was a provocative analogy , it was not a lonely one . Donald J. Trump’s campaign has engendered impassioned debate about the nature of his appeal Donald J. Trump’s warnings from critics on the left and the right about the potential rise of fascism in the United States . More strident opponents have likened Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s Hitler and Benito Mussolini . To supporters , such comparisons are deeply unfair smear tactics used to tar conservatives and scare voters . For a bipartisan establishment whose foundation has been shaken by Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump’s backers say , it is easier to delegitimize his support than to acknowledge Donald J. Trump’s popular anger at the failure of both parties to confront the these backers challenges . But the discussion comes as questions are surfacing around the globe about a revival of fascism , generally defined as a governmental system that asserts complete power and emphasizes aggressive nationalism and often racism . In places like Russia and Turkey , leaders like Vladimir V. Putin and Recep Tayyip Erdogan employ strongman tactics . In Austria , a nationalist candidate came within    of a percentage point of becoming the first    head of state elected in Europe since World War II . In Hungary , an authoritarian government has clamped down on the news media and erected razor wire fences to keep out migrants . There are worries that Poland may follow suit . Traditional parties in France , Germany , Greece and elsewhere have been challenged by nationalist movements amid an economic crisis and waves of migrants . In Israel , fascism analogies by a former prime minister and a top general have again inflamed the    debate about the occupation of Palestinian territories . " The crash of 2008 showed how globalization creates losers as well as winners , " said Mark Leonard , the director of the European Council on Foreign Relations . " In many countries ,    wages are stagnant and politics has become a battle over a shrinking pie . Populists have replaced contests between left and right with a struggle between cosmopolitan elites and angry nativists . " That dislocation may not lead to a repeat of Europe in the 1930s , but it has fueled a debate about That dislocation political trends . There is a tendency at times to try to fit current movements into understandable constructs   —    some refer to terrorist groups in the Middle East as Islamofascists   —    but scholars say there is a spectrum that includes    nationalism , illiberal democracy and populist autocracy . " On a world level , the situation that affects many countries is economic stagnation and the arrival of immigrants , " said Robert O. Paxton , a professor emeritus at Columbia University and one of the most prominent scholars of fascism . " That ’s a    punch that democratic governments are having enormous trouble in meeting . " Mr. Trump dismisses the labels used by those like Mr. Weld , a longtime Republican now mounting a quixotic campaign for vice president as a Libertarian . " I do n’t talk about his alcoholism , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump through a spokeswoman Mr. Trump so why would he talk about my foolishly perceived fascism Mr. Trump There is nobody less of a fascist than Donald Trump . " ( Mr. Weld Mr. Trump in the 1990s reportedly appeared in public a few times having had too much to drink , declined to respond : " I ’ll let that ride . ") Americans are used to the idea that other countries may be vulnerable to such movements , but while figures like Father Charles Coughlin , the demagogic radio broadcaster , enjoyed wide followings in the 1930s , neither major party has ever nominated anyone quite like Mr. Trump . " This could be one of those moments that ’s quite dangerous and we ’ll look back and wonder why we treated it as    at a time we we This have stopped it , " said we Kagan , a This at the Brookings Mr. Kagan with a Washington Post    article , " This Is How Fascism Comes to America , " that gained wide attention . " I ’ve gotten a lot of positive feedback from conservative Republicans , " he said . " There are a lot of people who agree with this . " Fascist comparisons are not Mr. Kagan in American politics . A Google search of " Barack Obama and Nazi " or " George W. Bush and Nazi " produces many images of the last two presidents as    fascists . But with Mr. Trump , such comparisons have gone beyond the fringe and entered mainstream conversation both in the United States and abroad . President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico criticized Mr. Trump ’s plans to build a wall on the border and to bar Muslims from entering the United States Mr. Trump That ’s the way Mussolini arrived and the way Hitler arrived , " he said . the United States Clooney called Mr. Trump " a xenophobic fascist . " Louis C. K. the comic , said President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico " The guy is Hitler . " Eva Schloss , the     stepsister of Anne Frank , said Trump " is acting like another Hitler by inciting Hitler . " It got to the point that his wife , Melania Trump Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist was prompted to say Hitler Hitler ’s not Hitler . " Mr. Trump has provided plenty of Hitler for critics . He was slow to denounce the white supremacist Hitler Duke and Hitler approvingly of Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist protesters . He has praised Mr. Putin and promised Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist be friends . He would not condemn supporters who launched    blasts at journalists . At one Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist , Mr. Trump retweeted a Mussolini quote : " It Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep . Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist by Chuck Todd on the NBC program " Meet the Press " about the retweet , Mr. Trump brushed off the quote ’s origin . " I know who said it , " he said . " But what difference does it Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist it ’s Mussolini or somebody else ? " " Do you want to be associated with Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist fascist ? " Mr. Todd asked . it No , it Mr. Trump answered , " I want to be associated with interesting quotes . " He added : " And certainly , hey , it got your Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist did n’t it ? " Mr. Trump ’s allies dismiss the criticism as politically Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist and historically suspect . The former House speaker Newt Gingrich , who has said he it consider being Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist ’s running mate , said in an interview that he was " deeply offended " by what he called " utterly ignorant " Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist . " Trump Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist have a political structure in the sense that the fascists Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist , " said Mr. Gingrich , a Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist college professor who earned his doctorate in modern Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist history . " He does n’t have the sort of ideology that they did . He has nobody who resembles the brownshirts . This is all just garbage . " Beyond Hitler and Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist , fascism can be hard to define . the fascists World War Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist , only fringe figures have overtly identified themselves that way . In modern political discourse , the word is used as an epithet . And even Hitler and Mussolini were elastic in their political philosophies as they only fringe figures to power Mussolini started out as a leftist . Mr. Paxton , the fascism scholar , said he saw similarities and differences in Mr. even Hitler and Mussolini . His message even Hitler and Mussolini an America in Mussolini and his     pronouncements about immigrants Mr. Paxton 1930s , Mr. Paxton said . On Mr. Paxton other hand , he said , Mr. Trump Mr. Paxton hardly created uniformed , violent youth groups Mr. Paxton Moreover , fascists believe in strong state control , not       individualism and deregulation . Others caution against comparisons . " Mr. Paxton read Kagan Mr. Trump , of course , " said Volker Perthes , the director of the German Institute for International and Security Affairs , in Berlin . " All the phenomena he describes are raising concerns , but I would still not call Trump or Mr. Perthes more cautious than others in Kagan the label ‘ fascism . ’ " Mr. Perthes said real fascism requires Kagan more elements   —    an outright rejection of democracy and a harsher definition of order . Jobbik , the ultraright party in Hungary , would fall into this Hungary , he said , but Norbert Hofer , the    candidate who narrowly lost the Austrian presidential vote , and Mr. Trump would not . Charles Grant , the director of the Center for European Reform , in London , distinguished between    nationalist parties like Marine Le Pen ’s Mr. Trump "a xenophobic fascist in France Mr. Perthes actual fascism . " France , it means the demonization of minorities within a society to the extent that they feel insecure , " he said . " It means encouraging the use of violence against critics . It means a bellicose foreign policy that may lead to war , to excite a nationalist feeling . It takes xenophobia to extremes . And it is contemptuous of a    liberal order . minorities within a society The debate about terminology may ignore the seriousness of the conditions that gave rise to Mr. Trump and It European counterparts . The New York real estate developer has tapped into a deep discontent in a It where many feel left behind while It Street banks get bailouts , newcomers take jobs , terrorists threaten innocents and China rises economically at America ’s expense . " It seems to me in developed and semideveloped countries there is emerging a new kind of politics for which maybe the best taxonomic category would be    populist nationalism , " said America , a professor emeritus at the University of   . " We are seeing a new kind of phenomenon which is different from what you had " in the 20th century . Roger Eatwell , a professor at the University of Bath , in England , calls it " illiberal democracy , " a form of government that keeps the trappings of democracy without the Stanley Payne, a professor emeritus at the University of   . " Elections are seen as important to legitimizing regimes , " he said , but instead of imposing    rule , as in the past , today ’s authoritarians " use a variety of devices to control    manipulate the media , intimidate opponents " and so on . Either way , it has found pockets of support on both sides of the Atlantic . Elections Shevtsova , a political analyst in Moscow , said    in liberal societies in the West stems from crisis or dysfunction while in illiberal countries like Russia and Turkey it reflects an attempt to fill the void left by the    of Western notions to catch on . The problem , she added , is that " the Western political leadership at the moment is too weak to fight the tide . " 
 