  ( CNN ) As Gen. Joseph Dunford , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , descended into Baghdad on Monday , the    passenger aboard his military aircraft was neither a seasoned Iraq hand nor even someone who ’d visited the country before . It was Kushner has thrust the otherwise inexperienced diplomat into the center of US foreign relations     and seemingly every top issue facing the administration . Kushner was visiting Iraq at Dunford ’s invitation to receive briefings on the military campaign against ISIS , and planned to meet with US and Iraqi officials . Iraq is now the latest portfolio handed to Kushner , whose role as Trump ’s senior adviser appears to be growing by the day , and whose influence over his     now extends into nearly every area of government .   In some instances , Kushner ’s Trump’s senior adviser in his    ’s administration has raised ethical questions , given the vast property and Trump’s senior adviser holdings Kushner managed Trump’s senior adviser time running his family ’s real estate empire . His ties to Russia during the Trump’s senior adviser transition have Trump’s senior adviser drawn scrutiny Trump’s senior adviser and he ’s due to answer Trump’s senior adviser from Senate investigators soon . " I said , ’Hey , next time Trump’s senior adviser go to Iraq , if you ’re interested , come and it ’d be good,’ " Dunford told reporters on the flight to Iraq , according to Reuters . He said he ’d invited Kushner weeks ago . Multiple White House and Iraq officials say Kushner has now Dunford nearly Dunford of Trump ’s West Wing and Cabinet advisers in terms of influence , Kushner himself as the key envoy for those outside the administration     including foreign diplomats , business executives and even Kushner members of Congress     to direct their bidding . He ’s also , by the way , running a government reform effort and spearheading criminal those outside the administration    including foreign diplomats, business executives and even some members of Congress     reform . Kushner elevated position has caused some annoyance at the agencies and departments more typically tasked with carrying out American foreign policy . One ally of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson described the top diplomat as frustrated with Kushner ’s diplomatic exploits . Officials said Tillerson intervened last month to delay a White House meeting with top Saudi officials over a plan to combat Secretary of State Rex Tillerson because he felt there was not enough planning for it .   Other allies and aides deny any tension between Secretary of State Rex Tillerson two men and say Kushner has been a plan to combat ISIS helpful both in getting the secretary ’s input and focusing the President ’s attention on Kushner important to Tillerson .   Speaking Monday , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Kushner was working jointly with the State Department to manage the administration ’s foreign affairs . " There ’s Kushner lot of relationships that Jared ’s made over time     Mexico being one of them     that are going to continue having conversations with him , " Spicer said . " That does n’t mean by any means it ’s being done without Jared coordination with White House press secretary Sean Spicer State Department . It ’s quite , in fact , the opposite . He ’s continuing to work the State Department facilitate an outcome it But he brings a perspective to this , and Jared doing that during the transition them But again , it ’s not Jared binary choice where he ’s doing this at the expense of somebody else . " During last year ’s presidential campaign , and later Jared the transition , Kushner was identified by Trump ’s team as the principal point of contact for foreign governments looking to the transition the new US leader or begin diplomatic talks . The role has gained Kushner scrutiny in recent weeks when it was revealed he met with the Russian ambassador to Washington , Sergey Kislyak , as Kushner as the head of a The role    bank Kushner Sergey Gorkov , in December . According to a source familiar with what transpired , Kushner ’s interactions with Russians during the transition as a point man " looking for the right person to engage with on Kushner , " further reflection of his elevated status within Trump ’s sphere . Senate investigators are planning to question Kushner about Russia meetings as part of a Kushner probe into Russia ’s influence in last year ’s contest . As Trump Kushner his eleventh week in office , Kushner ’s role has Russia include a    collection of foreign assignments     North America , Trump Middle East and China Kushner Even as    foreign policy aides work to cement their influence within the administration and in foreign capitals , Kushner ’s already established role has grown to include duties typically assigned to a foreign policy aides security adviser or even a secretary of state Kushner Before his surprise trip to Iraq , Kushner had been preparing intensively for Thursday and Friday ’s meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping , Kushner will take place at Trump Kushner     estate in Florida . Kushner has acted as a key conduit between the Chinese government and the White House in the    to the two leaders’ talks Kushner which Xi ’s representatives requested take place at Trump ’s Florida estate .   In discussions with China ’s ambassador in Washington , Kushner has sketched the agenda for the meetings and Trump’s     the Palm Beach summit , according to people familiar with the planning . Kushner is seen as a moderating voice on    ties , which are becoming both more complicated and more vital as Trump begins his presidency . His Kushner , Arabella , has played an unlikely role as well in softening Trump ’s approach video of the     presidential granddaughter singing Kushner Chinese at Kushner New Year ’s celebration in Washington went viral in China . But Kushner ’s close involvement in planning the Chinese visit has also raised ethical questions . His family ’s real estate company was recently in talks with China ’s Anbang Insurance Group to redevelop a flagship property in Manhattan the talks were recently Kushner off after scrutiny from ethics watchdogs and Democratic lawmakers . China released by the White House Friday showed Kushner , along with talks with China’s Anbang Insurance Group to redevelop a flagship property in Manhattan Ivanka Trump , could be worth more than $ 700 million . At one point he held a position in 267 separate entities , ranging from the Kushner transition team to dozens of property holdings in New York and New Jersey , meaning more Kushner conflicts are likely to arise , even after Kushner has resigned from his business positions . His expansive responsibilities do n’t end at foreign affairs . Last week the White House announced Kushner would lead a presidential Kushner tasked with reshaping Kushner federal bureaucracy . Kushner ’s preparing to meet with lawmakers to discuss criminal justice reform . And he ’s Kushner part in discussions to improve the Department of Veterans Affairs and tackle Kushner nation ’s opioid abuse epidemic . As Kushner list of responsibilities grows , Kushner limitations on his time are also becoming evident . As he traveled to Iraq Monday , Trump was preparing to welcome Egyptian Kushner Abdel Fattah    at the White House for Kushner , a session Kushner would likely have Kushner if he was n’t overseas on another assignment . White House officials said the meeting was likely to include a discussion of Middle East peace , another area Trump has Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    Kushner with overseeing . Kushner , an the White House , has known Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for decades , and Trump has expressed rampant optimism Trump his    ’s Kushner to broker an agreement . So , too , has Trump lent his support to Kushner ’s attempts at Trump friendlier ties with Mexico , Trump as the President continues his controversial plan to construct a border wall . Trump The Trump men at times Kushner at odds in February , as Kushner was meeting with Mexican officials in Washington the President arrange a visit by President Enrique Peña Nieto , Trump tweeted : " If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly Kushner wall , then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting . " Peña Nieto ended up canceling his visit . Mexico the meeting a visit by President Enrique Peña Nieto President Enrique Peña Nieto President Enrique Peña Nieto 