GREENSBORO , N. C.   —    A rested Hillary Clinton returned to the campaign trail here on Thursday after three days of recovering at home from pneumonia , and vowed a different approach on the final stretch of the campaign , one more focused on Hillary Clinton own positive vision for the country , rather than eviscerating Hillary Clinton rival . " I want to close the campaign focused on opportunities for kids and fairness for families , " Hillary Clinton said after her Hillary Clinton rally of her Hillary Clinton campaign . " I want to give Americans something to vote for , not just against . " The shift in tone felt striking after Mrs. Hillary Clinton spent months tearing down her Republican Hillary Clinton , Donald J. Trump . But with less than eight weeks until Election Day and tightening polls showing a majority of voters dislike and distrust her , Hillary Clinton said it was imperative that Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton more uplifting message . " From now until Nov. 8 , everywhere I go I ’m going to talk about my ideas for our country , " Mrs. Clinton said Hillary Clinton week , Mrs. Clinton plans speeches Hillary Clinton how she would help young people Hillary Clinton improve the economy , weaving in her own background as an Hillary Clinton for children and as a first lady focused on women and families . That focus was central in her address here at the Hillary Clinton of North Carolina , where she took the stage to Hillary Clinton Brown ’s " I Got You ( I Feel Good ) , " seeming rested and revived , eager to tell the audience that her rare couple of days Hillary Clinton downtime allowed her to " reconnect with Hillary Clinton this whole campaign is about . " " I ’m running for all mothers and fathers trying to stay healthy so they can be there for their fathers , but perhaps most fathers all , I ’m running for those kids , ’m she said their kids Standing Hillary Clinton for children has been the work of my life , as a lawyer for the Children ’s Defense Fund , as first lady of Arkansas , in the White House . " With just 54 days until the election , " sitting at home was pretty much the last place I wanted to be , " she said . But she Hillary Clinton the time off Hillary Clinton a gift . " Her return to the campaign Hillary Clinton comes as a series of polls suggest a closer race . Mrs. Clinton has faced a Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump and scrutiny over Mr. Trump on Thursday found her virtually tied with Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton likely voters . Asked about the narrowing gap with Mr. Trump on Thursday , Mrs. Clinton said , " I Hillary Clinton said this is going to be a tight race . " On her campaign plane earlier Thursday Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton Mrs. Thursday said she felt fully recovered . " I am doing great , " she said before takeoff in White Plains , N. Y. as she made her way down the aisle . a   Mrs. Clinton Clinton flashed a wide smile at journalists studying her for signs a   Mrs. Clinton fatigue or illness and said she was looking forward to a   Mrs. Clinton back a   Mrs. Clinton action . And at her a   Mrs. Clinton , she reflected on her time recuperating . a   Mrs. Clinton I talked with some old friends , " a   Mrs. Clinton said . " I spent time with our very sweet dogs a   Mrs. Clinton The campaign trail a   Mrs. Clinton n’t really a   Mrs. Clinton reflection , and it ’s important to sit with your thoughts every a   Mrs. Clinton and then . " " People like me , we ’re lucky , " she added . " When I ’m under The campaign trail weather , I can afford to take a few days off . Millions of Americans ca a   Mrs. Clinton . our Mrs. Clinton offered a a   Mrs. Clinton public glimpse at her    humor , poking fun at herself for her plans that span " 38 different policy areas . " She said , " a   Mrs. Clinton lot of women , I have a a   Mrs. Clinton to overprepare . " Mrs. Clinton a   Mrs. Clinton not a   Mrs. Clinton avoid criticizing Mr. Trump , telling reporters after the event a   Mrs. Clinton " We do n’t need someone who rushes out a    plan just weeks before an election a   Mrs. Clinton of ignoring or putting down working moms . " It was a reference to the child care proposals that Mr. Trump and his daughter Ivanka unveiled this week . The Clinton campaign ’s efforts to put forth a kinder , gentler candidate began last week with a speech that Mrs. Clinton delivered in Kansas City , Mr. Trump on her Methodist faith . But the change in tactics hit an unexpected snag on Sunday when Mrs. Clinton abruptly this week ceremony to commemorate the 15th Clinton the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks . Amid intense Clinton over Mrs. Clinton ’s lack of transparency over her initial diagnosis , her physician , Clinton R. Bardack , later disclosed that Mrs. Clinton had been told she had pneumonia last Friday and that she had been Clinton dehydrated on Sunday . Rather than Clinton her case to Clinton American people , Mrs. Clinton found herself recovering at home Clinton campaign confronted a series Clinton distractions and dueling doctors’ notes from Clinton and Mr. Trump . And she had to apologize on Saturday Clinton a backlash over remarks she made Clinton Friday night Clinton in Manhattan in which Clinton said that half of Mr. Trump ’s supporters fell into a Clinton basket of deplorables "   Clinton    bigots , essentially , of one sort or the Clinton . On Thursday , Mrs. Clinton , when pressed about Clinton handling of her diagnosis Mr. Trump to put the rough patch behind her . " I did n’t want to stop , " she told reporters . " I did n’t want Clinton campaigning . I certainly did Clinton want to Clinton the    memorial . " " It did n’t work Clinton , " she continued . " So I got the Clinton up and going , got the rest I needed and we ’re going on from there . " 
 Clinton the   memorial 