Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . A retaliatory attack on white police officers shocked the nation and reshaped the anguished debate over race and criminal justice . A black Army veteran with a troubled history opened fire on officers patrolling a protest in Dallas against police shootings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota . A black Army veteran with a troubled history killed five officers and wounded others in a standoff that ended only when the police sent an    robot to blow A black Army veteran with a troubled history up , a tactic of war . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . President Obama interrupted meetings with NATO leaders in Warsaw to condemn the attack on officers and try to bridge the national divide . " There is sorrow , there is anger , there is confusion about next steps , " President Obama said . " But there is unity in recognizing that this is not how we want we communities to operate . This is not who we want to be as Americans . " Some critics , like the executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations , accused the executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations administration of appeasing violent criminals in ways that " led directly to the climate that has made Dallas possible . " the executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations is cutting his the executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations trip short to head to Dallas Dallas in the week and plans to invite activists , police officials and others to the White House to seek " constructive actions that are actually going to make a difference . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The violence reverberated through the presidential campaign , but neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton appeared to find a message that could unify the country . Above , Mrs. Clinton at an African Methodist Episcopal Church conference in Philadelphia . Earlier in the week , the focus was on the end of the federal investigation into Mrs. Clinton ’s emails   —    which only deepened partisan wrangling and did little to improve her Mrs. Clinton at an African Methodist Episcopal Church conference in Philadelphia ratings on trust . She Mrs. Clinton at an African Methodist Episcopal Church conference in Philadelphia get a boost this the week Confidants of the Bernie Sanders campaign say he will Bernie Sanders Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Mr. Trump ’s running mate should be announced within days , and his list of running mate for the Republican National Convention is also expected . Even before the Dallas attack , his campaign had running mate a tumultuous week . He angrily rejected accusations running mate   . And he unnerved fellow Republicans running mate multiple fronts , including by lashing out during meetings with congressional representatives , praising Saddam Hussein for " killing terrorists , " and declining to reject the idea that he might abdicate if Saddam Hussein wins the presidential Saddam Hussein . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Surprisingly good news on health : Major diseases are inexplicably waning in the U. S. and other wealthy countries . Improved diagnosis and treatment can not fully explain the plunge in overall rates of colon cancer , dementia , heart disease and hip fractures . Our science reporter writes , " The leading killers are still the leading killers   —    cancer , heart disease , stroke   —    but they are occurring later The leading killers life , and people in general are living longer in good health . " _ _ _ _ _ 6 . In sports , it ’s France versus Portugal for the Euro 2016 soccer title ( 3 p. m. Eastern , ESPN and streaming ) . Andy Murray prevailed over Milos Raonic to win his second Wimbledon title Milos Raonic and Serena Williams won the women ’s final for a    22nd Grand Slam singles title . Lydia Ko is aiming for her third major title Lydia Ko the U. S. Open golf tournament . Coming : The M. L. B.    game on Tuesday and the British Open golf tournament on Thursday , with the American Zach Johnson as the defending champion . The most discussed sports story this week was the decision by Kevin Durant , a top N. B. A. scorer , to leave the Oklahoma City Thunder for the Golden State Warriors . One writer observed , " It ’s hard not to see Silicon Valley triumphalism behind his decision to abandon One writer only professional team he has played for One writer " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Britain ’s next prime minister will be a woman , though which   —    Theresa May , the home secretary , above , or Andrea Leadsom , the junior energy minister   —    wo n’t be decided until September . The two are the final candidates to take leadership of the Conservative Party after David Cameron , who opted to step aside following the country ’s vote Britain from the European Union . Whoever wins will be the first woman to lead Britain since Margaret Thatcher , Britain could be an outsider among the current clique of leading personalities in the Brexit drama . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The implications of the Brexit vote also hung over the NATO summit meeting in Warsaw , where President Obama sought to dismiss fears that the    alliance could similarly unravel . But fissures among the members were evident over how to handle Russian aggression in Eastern Europe , the migrant crisis and terrorism fears . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . A lawsuit accusing Roger Ailes , the powerful Fox News chairman , of gender discrimination and sexual harassment sent shock waves through the media world . Gretchen Carlson , a former Fox host , says she was forced out of Gretchen Carlson, a former Fox host network after rebuffing Mr. Ailes ’s sexual advances Roger Ailes allegations he denies . Regardless of the legal Roger Ailes , the lawsuit signals a big shift for a network whose commentators have often rebuked ideas of political correctness and feminism . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . " The Night Of , " a new    series , debuts tonight on HBO ( 9 p. m. Eastern , with repeats at 10:30 p. m. and midnight ) . The show , depicting a fictitious murder case in New York City , follows the template of procedurals like " Law   Order " but philosophically lines up more with    stories like the podcast " Serial . " If you tune in , our critic has some advice : " Mind your armrests when you watch it all unfold you may clutch them right through the upholstery . " some advice is a rundown of the latest films . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , NASA scientists are jubilant over the possibility that the next 20 months could crack open the mystery of the origins of the solar system . NASA ’s Juno space probe completed a NASA 1 .    voyage and entered into orbit around Jupiter , thought to be the oldest planet . That triumph is just the latest for the world ’s space programs , which include missions to Mars , the moon , Saturn , and Venus . Here ’s a selection of the action on the final frontier . And here on Earth , have a great week . _ _ _ _ _ Karen Workman contributed reporting .   _ _ _ _ _ Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Evening 6 a. m. Eastern 6 p. m. Eastern . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 