’CNN anchor Jake Tapper asked Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio if Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio was in " denial " about Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio chances against Donald Trump , the party’ ’s frontrunner , who was on track to dominate the Super Tuesday contests.’ ’Tapper began an interview on the network by telling Rubio it was " not a good night " for Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio , as Donald Trump was on track to win as many as eight states while Rubio walked away with just one victory.’ ’"Is it possible that your quarrel is not so much with Donald Trump as it is with    voters ? " Tapper asked Rubio.’ ’Rubio told Tapper Tapper Rubio.’ ’Rubio "   the map , " arguing that his Rubio.’ ’Rubio    expectations in Virginia , where he Rubio.’ ’Rubio a relatively narrow defeat to Trump Donald Trump Rubio also .’ ’He also took jabs at rival Cruz Cruz won the states of Oklahoma and Texas on Tuesday   —    but Rubio Texas a map that included many Southern states was supposed to serve as Cruz’ ’s " firewall . " He Rubio that the upcoming primary schedule , which will feature his Rubio state of Florida , would serve as a boon for his Rubio ’Rubio said his Rubio attacks against Trump were taking their toll , but .’ ’"Senator , you his   attacks against Trump saying that , and he Rubio winning states , " Tapper said . " You’’re talking about Virginia , and that’ ’s another state Donald Trump won . And I’’m just wondering if there’ ’s a certain amount of denial that you’’re in this race . " ’ ’Rubio shook his Rubio , again pointing ahead to upcoming states he Rubio were more favorable to his Rubio . He Rubio said the 2016 Republican presidential primary was anything but standard.’ ’"Usually at this point in the race , you’’d have a frontrunner , this race people would be saying , ’’ You need to drop out and rally around the frontrunner for the sake of the party , a frontrunner Rubio said . " They’’re saying the opposite now . There will never come a time in this race where our supporters are asking us to get out and rally around Donald Trump . our ’ ’He added that if the party went on to nominate Trump , it would the party " end of the modern Republican Party the party " ’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’t . :   " was supposed to have that Southern firewall . It didn’’t happen "    ’ ’CNN anchor Jake Tapper asked that Southern firewall . .. ’ 
 