Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has been placing increasing emphasis on a bizarre conspiracy theory that claims Russia is hacking the U. S. election to ensure that Donald Trump wins . [ There is not a shred of evidence to support a bizarre conspiracy theory that claims Russia is hacking the U. S. election to ensure that Donald Trump wins , and there is no real evidence that the American public is buying the claim , either . Moreover , it seems puzzling to broadcast to your supporters that you expect to lose the the U. S. election   But the a bizarre conspiracy theory that claims Russia is hacking the U. S. election to ensure that Donald Trump wins serve another purpose : a Plan B in case Trump actually wins . The idea that Russians could have intervened to steal the American election   —    on behalf of a man the left and the media have demonized as the second coming of Adolf Hitler   —    provides a convenient pretext to nullify the results if necessary . The idea was first The idea that Russians could have intervened to steal the American election  —   on behalf of a man the left and the media have demonized as the second coming of Adolf Hitler  —    the Washington Post by Anne Applebaum last week , who described a     process through which Vladimir Putin would attempt to rig the election , either to defeat Clinton or to deny her administration legitimacy if she Clinton . First , Clinton argues , Trump would Anne Applebaum surrounded by    advisers and allies . Next , Russia would continue to try to embarrass Clinton with hacked emails from Clinton Democratic National Committee and elsewhere . Third , she writes , " [ Clinton or before Election Day , Russian hackers will seek to break into the U. S. voting system . " Fourth , Russia " might try to Russia Trump elected , " or " might try to rig the election for Clinton , perhaps leaving a Clinton of evidence " to frame her campaign as culprits . Clinton , she suggests , could lead Clinton media hysteria , hearings , legal challenges , mass rallies , a constitutional crisis "   —    in other words , a possible nullification of the election results . And even if the hack fails , she says , Russia will Clinton achieved its purpose of sowing chaos Russia " Rumors of election fraud can create the same hysteria as real election fraud . " And Trump would benefit either way , because his speculation earlier this summer Trump the election would be " rigged " would prove him to have been correct Trump He might not win the Trump , but he would be propelled to Trump stardom . " He could be a hero Trump " she says . Note that Applebaum ’s conspiracy theory does not actually depend on whether Russia is actually trying to hack the election , nor even the election candidate Vladimir Putin actually prefers . ( He has praised Trump , Trump Clinton eagerly pursued President Barack Obama ’s    " reset " with Obama in 2009 , which gave in to Russia on missile defense and much Russia besides . ) The point of raising such unfalsifiable theories is merely to cast doubt on the election ( which Applebaum accuses both Trump and Russia of doing , en route Russia doing it herself ) . And that lines up will with Clinton ’s interests . Just as Trump suggested the election could be Trump and Russia against him   —    in his Trump and Russia public event after the Trump and Russia controversy exploded   —    so , too , Clinton and her aides are creating Clinton excuse Clinton failure   —    one that could , as Applebaum suggests , be used to challenge the result if she loses . Joel B. Pollak Clinton Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 