Washington ( CNN ) For President Richard Nixon , the controversy over President Richard Nixon secret White House tape recordings began with a    at the Watergate Hotel . If President Donald Trump is also keeping recordings of President Donald Trump conversations , any controversy over those will have begun with a tweet . On May 12 , three days after firing FBI Director James Comey , President Donald Trump tweeted : " James Comey better hope that there are no ’tapes’ of our conversations before James Comey starts leaking to the press ! " Since then , the possible existence of audio recordings of Oval Office conversations have been a topic of conversation among many on Capitol Hill . The House intelligence committee has called on both the White House and Comey to hand over any material related to The House intelligence committee Russia investigation , including memos and recordings , by June 23 . But two questions remain : Are there actually audio recordings ? And , if so , do Trump and the White House have to hand them over so " The short version is , if there are tapes , and if they are there are tapes , I think the White the White House have to turn them over , " they are Stephen Vladeck , a professor at the University of Texas School of Law and a CNN legal analyst . More than four decades ago , the Senate voted to the White House special investigative committee to look into the Watergate    and Archibald Cox , the Watergate special prosecutor , subpoenaed the White House tapes from the White House Nixon citing executive privilege , refused to Nixon them over and sought to fire Cox . After his top two Justice Archibald Cox officials resigned Nixon citing executive privilege than carry out Nixon ’s order to oust the special Nixon Solicitor General Robert Bork , who became acting attorney general , did fire Cox in October 1973 in what Archibald Cox Archibald Cox as the " Saturday Night Massacre . " In July 1974 , the Supreme Court unanimously ruled that Nixon had to turn over tape recordings of his Nixon , and the next month , facing Nixon certain impeachment , Nixon resigned . Much has changed since then , Nixon legal experts say the precedent set by the Nixon era remains the same . " The Nixon Nixon itself teaches us that executive privilege Nixon Nixon , especially when the relevant information is potentially material for an ongoing criminal investigation , " Vladeck said . According to Ronald Rotunda , who was an investigator during Watergate , turning over tapes is as much about politics as it is about the law . " If there are tapes , it is probably not very difficult for the Justice Department to get them , " Rotunda , a Chapman University law professor there are tapes told CNN . " But whether the Senate or House can get tapes is really more politics than law . There have been disputes over the years     many , many years     between the president and the Congress on turning over material long before there were tapes . " Should the White House fight a subpoena , Trump ’s tweets could end up hurting him . " By talking about the content of those Trump publicly by tweeting , the President has already disclosed in substance what happened , Trump Kern Griffin , a professor at Duke University School of Law , told CNN . " And in doing that , he may have waived important aspects of executive privilege . " Trump Sekulow , a member of President Trump ’s private legal team , said Sunday on ABC News’ " This Week " that Trump will address the existence of any recordings in the coming President Trump . 
 