At the end of a rough night in the first presidential debate , Donald J. Trump congratulated Donald J. Trump for Donald J. Trump restraint in not attacking Donald J. Trump opponent with her husband ’s sexual history . A lot can change in two weeks . The most shocking and dispiriting visual of the second debate on Sunday appeared before the candidates even faced off . Donald J. Trump held a surprise publicity event , broadcast on Facebook Live , with three women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual abuse , as well as one woman whose molester Hillary Clinton was assigned to defend as a young lawyer . The session was brief , raw and surreal . People have said before that this election has hit rock bottom . This weekend , it this election inside a steam drill , bored through the rock and headed straight for the center of the earth . You did not have to look hard to see Mr. Trump ’s motive . The debate took place two days after the most stunning    TV moment since Robert Durst burped out " Killed them all , of course , " on HBO ’s " The Jinx . " In a 2005 video first revealed by The Washington Post , Mr. Mr. Trump , to a giggling Billy Bush of " Access Hollywood , " that he could Mr. Trump kisses on women and grab them by women genitals . The recording was creepy on its face The recording But as the most damaging scandals do , it also The recording the candidate ’s existing negatives : here , the impression that he sees Mr. Trump as objects . Mr. Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment Mr. Trump 2005 . So he tried Mr. Trump bring back 1998 . The weekend ’s frenzy had already recalled the first days of the Monica Lewinsky scandal . Then , cable news went on red alert , political allies bolted , audiences were transfixed to see their president political allies , " I did not have sexual relations with that woman , " and pundits began speculating that Mr. Clinton Mr. Trump Mr. Trump was reviving a    narrative of Mrs. Clinton Mr. Clinton    that had thrived around Mr. Clinton ’s Mr. Clinton When a reporter asked why Mr. Trump had said he touched women without their consent Mr. Trump Jones   — Mr. Trump whose    lawsuit women the Lewinsky investigation   —    cried out : " Why do n’t you ask Bill Clinton that ! Mr. Clinton and ask Hillary as well ! " Having begun the weekend under fire as a man who sexually abuses women , Mr. Trump ended it accusing Mrs. Clinton of being married Mr. Clinton . Mr. Trump the women Mr. Trump seats at the debate   —    with Mr. Mr. Trump in the crowd   Mr. Clinton counterprogramming his unscripted video scandal by staging a daytime    drama . That    overture hung Mr. Trump pall over the night . The candidates did not shake hands in greeting and both seemed tense . It looked as if this would be an ugly , personal debate . It was , though Mr. Trump ’s video and    took up only a few minutes . To the one moderator , CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , Mr. Trump denied that he had bragged about sexual assault . It was "   Mr. Trump " he said Mr. Trump and anyway , ISIS was out there " chopping off heads . " Mr. Trump Trump mentioned his guests only briefly . Maybe they were there to rattle his opponent Mr. Trump to rally Mr. Trump base . Or maybe they his guests a shield and a Mr. Trump   —    a warning Mr. Trump might do anything if his guests Clinton brought up the video again . From there , the Mr. Trump moved on to being vicious in entirely different ways . Mr. Trump promised to have his opponent investigated and jailed , recalling the " Lock her up ! " chants of his Mr. Trump He loomed behind her physically , glowering and clasping Mrs. Clinton hands , like a security Mr. Trump , or Mr. Trump prison guard Mrs. Clinton ( Mrs. Clinton used the Mr. Trump format to approach the crowd often , framing Mr. Trump awkwardly behind her Mrs. Clinton camera . ) Town hall debates , held in front of undecided Mr. Trump appealing to Mrs. Clinton Norman Rockwell ideal of    Americana , usually force a less combative tone   —    the " I feel your pain " approach Mr. Clinton excelled with in 1992 . This time , the citizens sat uncomfortably close watching the two nominees Mrs. Clinton pain . Mrs. Clinton was    less effective than at the first debate at getting Mr. Trump to take bait and provoking Mrs. Clinton outbursts . But she pressed attacks on his temperament and qualification when the questioners provided an opening . One asked Mr. Trump Islamophobia answering another Mrs. Clinton she blamed a " Mr. Trump effect " for increasing bullying . Mr. Trump , meanwhile , seemed better prepared with focused Mrs. Clinton and lines of attack . Where he spent the first debate Mr. Trump interrupting , this time he worked in sarcastic mode and improvised , jabbing Mrs. Clinton for Mr. Trump her view of political strategy to Abraham Lincoln ’s : Mr. Trump Honest Abe never lied . " Mrs. Clinton the sharpest exchanges Mrs. Clinton with the moderators . The second moderator , Martha Raddatz of ABC , was especially assertive in keeping the candidates on time and on topic , particularly Mr. Trump . She even went beyond following up to argue with him , when he called American leaders " stupid " for announcing military Mrs. Clinton . " There are sometimes reasons the military does that Abe " Ms. Abe said . " Psychological warfare . " No one watching these debates needs to be reminded of psychological warfare . Last time Martha Raddatz set up Mr. Trump by bringing up his mocking of Alicia Machado , a former winner of his Miss Universe pageant , and needled him by inviting his billionaire adversary , Mark Mr. Trump . This time , Mr. Trump , in prosecutorial Mr. Trump , showed up with his own Mr. Trump box . Mr. Trump tactics seem driven by the same Last time that what Mr. Trump the 90 minutes of a modern debate matters less Mr. Trump the conversation before and after . It ’s less about sustaining an argument than creating moments   —    generating news clips and viral memes , setting up your opponent to misstep ( The tactics , as with Ms. Machado , days afterward ) trying to drive the narrative . This debate offered several dark forks in the road ahead . 
 