’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump’ ’s   who was leading an    investigation into whether President Donald Trump’ ’s campaign colluded with Russia    during the 2016 election , would be viewed as " suicidal " in any    other administration . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Republican Sen. Richard Burr , the chairman of the Senate    Intelligence Committee , said President Donald Trump’ was " troubled by the timing and    reasoning of Director Comey ’s termination . " President Donald Trump’ added that    Director Comey’s ’s firing " further confuses an already difficult    investigation by the Senate   Intelligence Committee " into Trump’ ’s Russia ties .   ’ ’      ’ ’    Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal agreed : " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Others called for a select , bipartisan congressional commission    to further the    probe . ’ ’   ’ ’"I have long called for a special    congressional committee to investigate Russia’ ’s interference in    the 2016 election . The president’ ’s decision to remove the FBI    Director only confirms the need and the urgency of such a    committee . " ’ "    Sessions and Rosenstein said in their " ’ "   Sessions and Rosenstein that they " ’ "   Sessions and Rosenstein recommended firing Comey because of how he Comey the       into Hillary Clinton ’s email server . But New York    Times reporter Michael Schmidt reported that Sessions     to fire Comey Comey at least a week . " ’   ’ ’    Comey Comey last week before the Senate Judiciary Committee ,    which oversees the FBI , about his Comey of the Clinton and      investigations . He Comey that he Comey he Comey handled both appropriately , but t that his Comey to revisit the Clinton Clinton email investigation on October 28 might have swayed the    outcome of the election . ’ ’   ’ ’ill have any material    effect on the    circle investigation . " ’ ’    " The FBI and DOJ are staffed with serious professionals who are    impossible to intimidate , " Deitz said . " If they The FBI and DOJ    that their The FBI and DOJ is being thwarted in any way , they The FBI and DOJ will leak like hell to people like you . " ’ ’    Deitz referred to President Richard Nixon’ ’s " Saturday Night    Massacre , " in which he fired the independent special prosecutor ,    Archie Cox , who had been appointed by    General    Elliot Richardson to investigate the events surrounding the    Watergate   . Nixon initially asked Richardson   General   Elliot Richardson dismiss    Cox , but he Nixon to do so and resigned in protest instead ,    along with    Attorney General   ’ ’    As in the Watergate scandal , Deitz said , " the firing of Archie    Cox , Elliot Richardson , and William Ruckelshaus caused only a    temporary blip in the investigation . In fact , it probably    energized it it "   ’ "    Regardless of agents’ leaking , however , whomever Trump appoints    to lead the FBI will be able to halt the probe at his Trump her Trump will . It will be up to Rosenstein   —    who recommended that Comey be    fired   —    to appoint a special counsel to oversee the    investigation . He Rosenstein   he Rosenstein   not do that    until he Rosenstein   all of the facts of the case and determines    that it the case be necessary .   " ’    Susan Hennessey , a former National Security Agency lawyer and       of Lawfare blog ,     on Tuesday that    she    " not previously called for a special prosecutor ,    believing that Rosenstein was a person of integrity who should be    given a chance to make a call on that question . His performance    today , however , requires that he His step aside . " ’ ’    " He His not credibly lead this investigation any longer , "    Hennessey added , " and leaders of both parties must make sure he His steps aside for an independent prosecutor who can . " ’ " President Donald Trump ’s decision to . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 