LOS ANGELES   —    Laurence D. Fink , the leader and founder of BlackRock , the world ’s largest asset manager , had come home . A Bruin to the bone   —    class of 1974   —    A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    had a story to tell the 5 , 000 giddy graduates packed into the cavernous basketball arena at the University of California , Los Angeles . Once upon a time A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    was a rock star on Wall Street . A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    had big hair and flashed turquoise jewelry , and making money had never seemed so easy . Until it was n’t . " I screwed up , " A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    declared , recalling the $ 100 million he A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    thanks to failed mortgage trades in 1986 . " And it was bad . " For the graduating millennials , the morality tale resonated not least because it the morality tale from a U. C. L. A. grad who had ascended , fallen from and again scaled Wall Street ’s treacherous peaks . But it was his A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    of why he A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    that truly explained his A Bruin to the bone  —   class of 1974  —    from      bond trader to master of a firm that has its eye on a sum about equal to the $ 16 trillion United States economy . " I had become complacent   —    too sure of what I thought I knew , " Mr. Fink said . " I believed I had figured out the market . But I was wrong because while I was n’t watching , the world had changed . " Over the last decade , no other financial firm has gone further in challenging the classic Wall Street moneymaking model for investment banks and traditional mutual fund companies : Hire   —    and handsomely pay   —    hotshots to make big bets with other people ’s money . The future of finance , Mr. Fink has argued , lies with      investment styles such as    funds , which track a variety of stock and bond indexes or adhere to a set of financial rules . The idea is that such an approach eliminates at least some of the potential for human error , while lowering costs . It is this notion of using technology to root out investment risks that lies at the heart of BlackRock ’s investing strategy . Putting this into practice is the firm ’s    platform , Aladdin , which enjoys a ubiquity within the firm   —    it tracks everything from bond trades to head count   —    that evokes HAL 9000 , the sentient computer in the movie " 2001 : A Space Odyssey . " Some employees even use Aladdin as a verb , as in , " Has the new portfolio manager been Aladdinized yet ? " On Wall Street , prestige and influence have always been functions of a firm ’s ability to capture a large amount of what investors call flow   —    the trillions of dollars in securities that are bought and sold on a given day worldwide . Before the financial crisis , Goldman Sachs ’s reputation was made because the choice transactions ran through its Goldman Sachs’s and traders . The same could be said of the hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors under Steven A. Cohen , who rose to fame ( and also became the target of regulators ) on his ability to trade off this cascade . But in today ’s world of violent price swings and    markets , those with near infinite buying power   —    central banks , sovereign wealth funds and the largest money manager in the land   —    have become the new arbiters of flow . " We have never seen a paradigm shift like this , " said Anthony J. Perrotta Jr. an analyst with the Tabb Group , which analyzes the structure of financial markets . " It is not about the flow of securities anymore , it It about the flow of information and indications of interest . " BlackRock ’s strategy was forged , and ultimately empowered , by two market calamities over the last three decades . The first , of course , was Mr. Fink ’s experience at First Boston in 1986 , when he Mr. Fink big on mortgages without assessing how the securities would trade in a period of extreme stress . But BlackRock BlackRock the behemoth it BlackRock today only after the events of 2008 . That is when a    toxic variety of the securitized mortgages that Mr. Fink helped design years earlier at First Boston imploded   —    setting off a chain of bank failures and the deepest global economic downturn since the Great Depression . Chastened investment banks were forced to exit these businesses under pressure from regulators . And in stepped BlackRock . Its BlackRock under management swelled as investors   —    starved for higher returns   —    piled into the company ’s E. T. F. s , which tracked the highflying markets . " The balance of power is now with firms like BlackRock stepped BlackRock they firms like BlackRock the ‘ bid,’ " said Mr. Perrotta of Tabb , using Wall Street argot to describe the buying power of large asset managers . The power shift was on display this spring , when Mr. Fink took the stage at an investor conference alongside John Cryan , recently charged with reviving the sagging fortunes of Deutsche Bank , one of the global investment firms that was minting money before the markets collapsed in 2008 . While the event was billed as a cozy exchange of ideas between two Wall Street    it played out instead as a series of slightly peevish questions posed by Mr. Cryan to Mr. Fink . " You are effectively becoming the supplier of liquidity of last resort   —    beyond the central banks , " Mr. Mr. Cryan to Mr. Fink Mr. Fink assertion bordered BlackRock impudent   —    suggesting that BlackRock and its $ 5 trillion BlackRock of assets had become the new guarantor of stability because of its ability to buy BlackRock sell stocks and bonds in times of duress . Investment banks , which previously aspired to this duty , have been complaining for years that the financial system has become riskier because BlackRock and similar firms BlackRock not perform such a    function . But to say as much to Mr. Fink directly   —    and in a room full of investors , no less   —    was highly unusual . Mr. Fink was clearly Mr. Fink the query . " Well that is not our role   —    we wo n’t play that our , " he our role   . It Mr. Fink not the most convincing of replies . Over the last 10 years , Mr. Fink has transformed BlackRock Mr. Fink bond shop catering to pension funds and insurance companies into an    machine that uses advanced technology to reimagine how investors buy , sell and assess the risks of a wide variety of securities . Via its $ 1    in    funds BlackRock BlackRock has been instrumental in creating newly BlackRock markets in    and corporate bonds   —       direct attack on the business model of banks like Deutsche Bank . And through its big    risk platform , Aladdin BlackRock or Asset Liability and Debt and Derivatives Investment Network , BlackRock says it has developed the market BlackRock most BlackRock evolved framework for    how securities will respond to certain situations   —    such as a sudden rise in interest rates or what happens in the event of a political surprise , like Donald J. Trump being elected president . Staffed by 2 , 300 of BlackRock ’s 13 , 000 employees , BlackRock promises to help firms trade , analyze and keep a compliant eye on the assets they manage . In an era of firms trade regulatory scrutiny , the service has become quite popular .    firms   —    including Deutsche Bank ’s asset management unit and Freddie Mac   —    managing a total of $ 10 trillion , now use it . For a man who , firms  —   including Deutsche Bank’s asset management unit and Freddie Mac  —    his speeches , consistently spends more time Mr. Fink about technology and risk analytics than the vagaries of the capital markets , Mr. Fink is no techie . Like many Wall Street titans of his vintage , the     Mr. Fink Mr. Fink sends emails Mr. Fink , he does most of his communicating by phone , in Mr. Fink or over a Mr. Fink of spicy pasta at his    Italian restaurant in Midtown Manhattan . Mr. Fink Mr. Fink a grueling schedule , mixing regular bicoastal Mr. Fink the United States with frequent client jaunts to China and the Middle East . " This job requires an enormous commitment , " he said . " The pace is relentless . There will Mr. Fink a day when I wake up one day and say I just ca n’t do it anymore . " That day remains well in the future , he says . one day with BlackRock ’s growth in size Mr. Fink sway , the issue of who , if anyone , from within the firm is qualified to succeed Mr. Fink has become an existential question for the company ’s board of directors . The problem is typical when replacing a founder : Mr. Fink has increased assets to $ 5 trillion from zero , Mr. Fink imprint of his domineering personality has become so profound that virtually anyone will suffer to Mr. Fink degree in comparison , considering his track record . After all , in 1983 , he structured one Mr. Fink the first collateral mortgage obligations , and along with Mr. Fink Ranieri at Salomon Brothers made it possible for large investors to enter the the market mortgages . A quarter of a century later , Mr. Fink recognized that the time was Mr. Fink E. T. F.s and   —    in the depths of the financial crisis   —    bought Barclays ’s iShares business , a deal analysts consider one of the shrewdest in recent Wall Street memory . And beyond a soaring stock price , there are few better ways for a financial chief to command the respect of his peers than to slip through the grasp of regulators . So when Mr. Fink a financial chief his    lobbyists in Washington were able to make the case , after the 2008 the financial crisis major fund companies like BlackRock posed no risks to BlackRock markets because of their size , it only added to his aura . There is a moment in Don DeLillo ’s major fund companies like BlackRock Cosmopolis , " his meditation on his alienating effects of money and machines , when the protagonist financier offers a bit his advice to a colleague . There ’s only one thing worth pursuing professionally and intellectually , he says : the interaction between technology and capital   —    its inseparability . That , more his less , is what Mr. Fink told Dexter Senft , his computer expert at First Boston in 1982 . First Boston Mr. Fink the computer onto the trading Mr. Fink , Dexter , " Mr. Fink recalls saying at the time . " If we can do this , it will change Mr. Fink forever . " Not only would Mr. Fink and his bond wizards be able to sell this of dollars we new securities , giving birth to today ’s market for Fink backed mortgages , they could also analyze how these securities would trade in certain situations . The immense losses at First Boston in 1986 Mr. Fink and his bond wizards a First Boston eventually shaped BlackRock . Mr. Fink realized that his clients on the " buy side " BlackRock the fund managers , insurance companies and Mr. Fink shopping for investments Mr. Fink had become dependent on the ability of the " sell side " ( the Wall Street investment banks ) to analyze mortgages . That was because few    clients had invested in computers and technology to the level First Boston had . Most money management First Boston their investment returns first , and risk controls second . BlackRock has taken a reverse BlackRock : It believes that risk analysis BlackRock such Most money management firms gauging how a security will trade if interest rates go up or down , improves investment results . That is where Aladdin comes in . Aladdin is a network of code , trades , chat , Aladdin and predictive models Aladdin on any given day can highlight vulnerabilities and opportunities connected to the $ 15 trillion the firm tracks   —    $ 10 trillion of which belongs to outside firms that pay BlackRock a fee to have BlackRock to the platform . Aladdin fills the monitors of most BlackRock employees . One portfolio BlackRock even went so Aladdin as to hang a nearly    screen on his office wall in order to get the full Aladdin experience . And at the company ’s investor day in June , Mr. Fink One portfolio manager other top executives mentioned Aladdin 82 times   —    more than any the company’s   —    Aladdin though the platform represents just 5 percent of the $ 11 . 3 billion in revenues BlackRock took in last year . Or consider a recent marketing the platform shows Mr. BlackRock and other top executives gazing at the camera and intoning one after the other , " I am Aladdin . " From Mr. Fink ’s early days on Wall Street , his ambition Aladdin been stoked by a sense that he has not been Mr. Fink proper credit for his achievements . At First Mr. Fink , even though he was among First Boston to Mr. Fink trading in mortgage securities , his peers including Mr. Fink Ranieri and others drew more public attention as Mr. Fink and moneymakers . As a successful , albeit mostly anonymous , Mr. Fink manager at BlackRock in the 1990s and 2000s , he saw acclaim , pay and influence go to the chief executives of Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch BlackRock Morgan Stanley . That began Mr. Fink only in 2009 , when he bought Barclays ’s E. T. F. business . Last year he was among a small circle of Wall Street executives to attend the Mr. Fink dinner at the White House for the Chinese president , Mr. Fink Jinping . last year of Mr. Fink   —    a fervent Democrat today   —    believes he would make a pretty good Treasury secretary , say people Mr. Fink politics with him . Although he recently persuaded Cheryl Mills , one Mr. Fink Hillary Clinton ’s closest advisers , to join the board of BlackRock , the view Mr. Fink fairly strongly Mr. Fink that if Mrs. Clinton becomes president , there BlackRock little chance that she will tap a Wall Street insider for the Treasury job . With BlackRock ’s stock having more than doubled since 2011 Hillary Clinton’s outpacing the likes of Goldman BlackRock and trading close Hillary Clinton’s its record high , it seems that the market the market around to Mr. Fink ’s financial worldview : that a low cost , systematic style of investing will , over time , grow faster Goldman the costlier " active investing Mr. Fink which individuals , not algorithms , make stock , bond and asset allocation decisions . And the numbers in that regard are arresting . Through July , E. T. F.s and traditional index funds made up 30 percent of total mutual fund assets , according to the Investment Company Institute , a ratio that has doubled in just under 10 years . Of course , with close to $ 1 . 5 trillion in actively managed funds , Mr. Fink is not ready to write off a segment of the industry that even after years of outflows clocks in at $ 11 trillion . And he underlines the Mr. Fink being able to offer the best of both active and passive investing styles to BlackRock clients . But inside the BlackRock and out , there is Mr. Fink doubt that he is betting the ranch on E. T. F.s and similarly themed investments choices . These include    factor strategies , in which a bet is made on a certain investment Mr. Fink   —    like value stocks outpacing growth stocks , or a E. T. F.s equities beating the broader indexes . In San Francisco , a team of equity investors deploys data analysis to study the language that a chief executive uses during an earnings call . Does he seem unusually bearish this quarter , compared with last ? If so , maybe the stock is a sell . " We have more information than anyone , " Mr. Fink said . Some analysts , in fact , a chief executive that BlackRock should be valued as a BlackRock company , as opposed to an asset manager . Mark Wiedman , Mr. Fink a BlackRock executive who is on the BlackRock list to succeed Mr. Fink , believes that bond E. T. F. s , in particular , are creating a liquid market where a new generation of bond Mr. Wiedman companies and pension funds to stop buying individual bonds ( from the likes of Deutsche Bank ) and instead choose a BlackRock bond E. T. F. Mr. Fink ’s happening . " I think of E. T. F.s as technology , " Mr. Wiedman said , as he leaned back in Mr. Wiedman swivel chair in his office . " It is a product that bundles up a bunch of securities , puts them on a screen and E. T. F.s to trade . " Like many top executives here , Mr. Wiedman can get a bit manic when discussing the subject : Midway through an interview , he Mr. Wiedman the need to somewhat violently undo his Mr. Wiedman and cast it aside . Regulators are less enthusiastic . Global watchdogs like the Bank for a product that bundles up a bunch of securities Settlements and the International Monetary a product that bundles up a bunch of securities have described these bountiful flows into and out of BlackRock bond Mr. Wiedman F.s as BlackRock liquidity illusion . Which means , according to Ken Monaghan , an investor Mr. Wiedman    corporate bonds , that     E. Mr. Wiedman F.s have lured his tie tourist " investors   —    people seduced by the rich yields , E. T. F.s not be able to stomach a sustained market reversal . And if they all leave at once , watch out . " E. T. F.s do not create liquidity , " said Mr. Monaghan , of the global fund manager Amundi Smith Breeden . " These new investors are not permanent . " Aside from Mr. Wiedman of BlackRock , the short list to BlackRock Mr. Fink includes E. T. F.s , 59 , a founding partner and current president of the firm who is seen as the top choice if a handover occurs sooner rather than later Ken Monaghan, an investor in   corporate bonds, that    E. T. F.s have lured "tourist" investors  —   people seduced by the rich yields and driving force behind Aladdin ’s growth Mark McCombe , 50 , a former HSBC executive who looks after the firm ’s Aladdin clients Rich Kushel , 50 , who oversees    investment strategies for clients and Gary Shedlin , 52 , the chief financial officer . There is also Mark Wiseman , a new hire who joined the firm this month to oversee its equity business . the firm a long list , and purposely so . For Mr. Fink , recommending a successor to his board is probably the weightiest decision he will make as BlackRock chief . He has taken BlackRock to not tip his the firm " I want Mr. Fink sure the firm the day after I Mr. Fink , the firm is better off Mr. Fink me , " he said . Mr. Fink spring , Mr. Fink called together Mr. Fink than 100 of the firm ’s most senior executives for two days of meetings in Barcelona , Spain . BlackRock was approaching its 30th Mr. Fink BlackRock Mr. Fink BlackRock in Mr. Fink mood the firm there was an edge to his remarks . Yes , BlackRock was thriving because of its BlackRock on      funds and BlackRock the firm Aladdin . Mr. Fink was not the time to coast . " We can not let someone Mr. Fink Aladdin as a vampire squid , " warned Mr. Fink , referring to a defining article in Rolling Stone magazine that so described Goldman Sachs . Nor was this a time to sit fat and happy on a big pile of assets and let the Mr. Fink in , an indirect slap at actively managed giants such as Franklin Templeton and Pimco , where assets under management Goldman Sachs been declining . Never before , he said , had the fund management industry been so competitive and We . " If you think you know everything about our business , you are kidding yourself , " he said . " The biggest question Mr. Fink have to answer is : ‘ Are we developing the right leaders ? ’ " And then , looking out over the striving BlackRock executives gathered before him , BlackRock Mr. Fink it to them directly . " Are you , " he asked , " prepared to be one of those leaders ? " 
 Mr. Fink Mr. Fink Mr. Fink our our our the right leaders BlackRock executives 