By seizing the Republican presidential nomination for Donald J. Trump on Tuesday night , Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump millions of supporters completed what had seemed unimaginable : a hostile takeover of one of America ’s two major political parties . Just as stunning was how quickly the host tried to reject two major political parties . The party ’s two living former presidents spurned Mr. Trump , a number of sitting governors and senators expressed opposition or ambivalence toward him , and him drew a forceful rebuke from the single most powerful and popular rival left on the Republican landscape : the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan . Rarely if ever has a party seemed to come apart so visibly . Rarely , too , has the nation been so on edge about the nation politics . Many Americans still can not believe that the bombastic Mr. Trump , best known as a reality television star , will be on the ballot in November . Plenty are also anxious about what he would do in office . But for leading Republicans , the dismay is deeper and darker . leading Republicans fear leading Republicans party is on the cusp of an epochal split   —    a historic cleaving between the familiar form of conservatism forged in the 1960s and popularized in the 1980s and a rekindled , atavistic nationalism , with roots as old as the republic , that has not flared up so intensely since the original America First movement before Pearl Harbor . Some even point to France and other European countries , where    parties like the National Front have gained power because of the sort of resentments that are frequently given voice at rallies for Mr. Trump . Yet if keeping the peace means embracing Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump most divisive ideas and utterances , a growing number are loath to do it . The ties between Republican elites   —    elected officials , donors and Washington insiders   —    and voters have actually been fraying for years . Traditional power brokers long preached    conservatism and wanted to pursue an immigration overhaul , entitlement cuts , free trade and a hawkish foreign policy , and nominees like John McCain and Mitt Romney largely embraced that agenda . Republican leaders also vilified President Obama and Democrats , stoking anger with     conservatives . Many Republican voters trudged along with those earlier nominees , but never became truly animated until Mr. Trump offered Many Republican voters Mr. Trump brand of angry populism : a blend of protectionism at home and a smaller American footprint abroad . And Mr. Trump was able to exploit their resentments and frustrations because those same Republican leaders had been nurturing those feelings for years with attacks on Mr. Obama , Democrats , illegal immigrants and others . Mr. Trump , with Mr. Trump steadfast promises to deport immigrants who are in the country illegally and to build a wall with Mexico , may have done irreversible damage to Mr. Trump general election prospects . But Mr. Trump quickly earned the trust that so many of those voters had lost in other fixtures of America   —    not just in America   leaders , but in institutions like Congress , the Federal Reserve and the    campaign finance system that Mr. Trump has repudiated , as well as in corporations , the Roman Catholic Church and the news media . And Mr. Trump has amplified Mr. Trump independent , outsider message in real time , using social media and cable news interviews   —    and Mr. Trump own celebrity and highly attuned ear for what resonates   —    to rally voters to Mr. Trump side , using communication strategies similar to those deployed in the Arab Spring uprising or in the attempts by liberals and students to foment a similar revolution in Iran . " Mr. Trump leveraged a perfect storm , " said Steve Case , the founder of AOL , in an email message . " A combo of social media ( big following ) brand ( celebrity figure ) creativity ( pithy tweets )    ( dominating news cycles ) . " Mr. Trump is an unlikely spokesman for the grievances of financially struggling , alienated Americans : a    Manhattan billionaire who erects skyscrapers for the wealthy and can easily get politicians on the phone . But as a shrewd business tactician , Mr. Trump understood the Republican Party ’s customers better than the Republican Party’s leaders did and sensed that Mr. Trump brand of populist , pugilistic ,    politics would meet his brand of populist, pugilistic,   politics needs . After seething at Washington for so long , hundreds or thousands of miles from the capital , many of these voters now see Mr. Trump as a kind of savior . Even if Mr. Trump does not detail Mr. Trump policies , even if Mr. Trump language strikes them as harsh sometimes , Mr. Trump supporters thrill more to Mr. Trump    slogans like " Make America Great Again " than to what them see as the cautious and    policy speeches of Mr. Ryan and other Washington Republicans . " I love the death out of Paul Ryan , but honestly , I ’m going to vote for Trump anyways , " said David Myers , 49 , who attended a campaign rally for Mr. Trump in Charleston , W. Va. on Thursday night . " Because Paul Ryan , and I love him Paul Ryan death , but he Paul Ryan one of those career politicians . " Mr. Trump feels so empowered that he does Trump think he needs Trump political support of the party establishment to defeat the likely Democratic nominee , Hillary Clinton . He is Trump that his appeal Trump be broad and deep enough among voters of all stripes that he could Trump battleground states like Michigan , Ohio , and Pennsylvania without the support of leaders like Mr. Ryan , Mr. Trump Trump an interview on Saturday . Although he plans to Trump with Mr. Ryan and House Republican leaders on Thursday , Mr. Trump said Trump not materially Trump his policies or style Trump win their endorsements . " Mr. Ryan and House Republican leaders is subject to negotiation , but I ca n’t and wo n’t be changing much , because the voters support me because of what I ’m saying and how I ’m saying it , ’m Mr. Trump said . Trump establishment did n’t do anything to make me the nominee , so its support wo n’t really The establishment much difference in me winning in November . Trump ( Mr. Trump will , though Trump somewhat dependent on the party ’s    muscle since he has indicated he will not Trump    his Trump election campaign . ) Trump reason Mr. Trump takes a skeptical view Trump support is that he does not believe much in the Trump of the Republican elite . He is the party ’s presumptive nominee Trump after all , because the political forces that once might have halted his rise have been enfeebled . Leaders Trump as Mr. Romney warned in the direst terms that Mr. Trump ’s nomination would stain the party and lead it to ruin the party’s media outlets on the party’s right , like National Review , sought to reprise their role as arbiters of who is fit Venerable media outlets on the right, like National Review carry the banner of conservatism . Their pleas fell on deaf ears . Mr. Venerable media outlets on the right, like National Review ’s arsenal was far more fearsome Mr. Trump    fame and an    demagogy , he bypassed the ossified gatekeepers and appealed directly to Mr. Trump through a constant Twitter stream that seemed interrupted only by television appearances . In doing so , he seemed to grasp that a new twist on Mr. Trump democracy was in the offing : that disaffected voters who tune out the traditional modes of political communication might be reachable through their smartphones , and Twitter messages or Reddits might disaffected voters who tune out the traditional modes of political communication more relevant to those voters than the findings of a more scientific poll . On the left , too , Senator Bernie Sanders has built his own movement with millions of voters , and Senator Bernie Sanders 210 million in    by using online tools as simple as email to seek support . Yet Mr. Trump ’s celebrity has been an enormous asset with voters who feel gratified and inspired that he would lavish them with attention and bluntly express Mr. Trump’s celebrity of the ideas and attitudes they share . For 12 consecutive years , polls them indicated that Americans believe the country is on the wrong track , and Republicans have been especially vulnerable to a political campaign like Mr. Trump ’s that seeks to channel voter anger . In every state where the question was asked in exit polls during the primary season , 50 percent or more of Republicans said they felt betrayed by their leaders . The adhesive 50 percent or more of Republicans once held Republicans 50 percent or more of Republicans   —    a shared commitment to a strong national defense and limited government   —    was weakened by the demise of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War . But internal divisions were papered over when new , unifying threats emerged after the attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 . It was not until near the end of President George W. Bush ’s second term that those fissures broke open again , first with Mr. Bush ’s attempt at an immigration overhaul , President George W. Bush to citizenship for illegal immigrants , and then after the financial rescue of big banks from the 2008 financial collapse . Alongside the turbulent economy were signs of something more profound plaguing    white communities , which have increasingly become core Republican constituencies : an increase in children born to single parents , higher rates of addiction and suicide , and shortened average life spans . " The economic deprivation of the last 30 years for    whites , combined with growing social isolation , was really dry tinder , " said Robert D. Putnam , the Harvard political scientist who wrote " Mr. Putnam a spark . " " He constructed a series of scapegoats that these folks would find plausible , " said Mr. Putnam , citing Mr. Trump ’s attacks on Mr. Putnam and immigrants . " Mr. Trump’s to say things that might have always been popular Mr. Putnam you could n’t say it . " With Mr. Trump now saying it Mr. Putnam and clearly Trump Americans feel deeply unsettled by the nation ’s politics . Not since Mr. Bush invaded Iraq have so many liberals been murmuring about moving to other countries President George W. Bush many Republican officials and donors just hope to get through the election with their party intact . " The party has never been the party’s of touch the party voters , " Vin Weber , a former Minnesota congressman , said of the two many Republican officials and donors , acknowledging that Republicans could splinter completely after this election . " I do n’t know how you Mr. Weber Mr. Weber expressed hope that Mr. Trump and Mr. Paul Ryan find some common ground the election with their party few in the party now deny that the threat of an enduring split the party . " I think there Republicans could splinter completely after this election a pretty clear Trump wing of the party coming to life , " said Barry Wynn , a Mr. Trump who supported Jeb Bush for president and has not yet fallen in behind Mr. Trump . " But I have to think that four or eight years from now Mr. Trump Trump wing will be a little more traditional , a Trump less    and will be blended into the party just like the evangelical Pat Robertson voters were after the 1988 the party " " At least , " he added , a pretty clear Trump wing of the party coming to life that ’s what ’ll happen . " 
 the election with their party 