  ( CNN ) The fact that Donald J. Trump will become president is n’t why we should all care   —    deeply     about the news that intelligence agencies , but mainly the CIA , have concluded that Russia used cyberattacks and infiltrations aimed at harming Hillary Clinton ’s campaign .   ( Disclosure : I supported Hillary Clinton’s and advised her Hillary Clinton’s homeland security efforts , so for the sake of argument I ’ll entertain the idea that Russian influence and hacking did not determine the outcome of the 2016 presidential election . )   But Russia ’s actions have put our Russia’s in peril .   The investigation launched by President Obama on Friday to assess the extent and success of Russia Russia’s is not just about looking back and seeing what happened in 2016 it is about protecting our elections in the future .    The Trump camp ’s insistence that the intelligence is not worthy of a deep dive has put it squarely the intelligence opposition to a    inquiry supported by scores of nonpartisan intelligence professionals .   The consequences of Trump ’s Trump are dangerous for his governing Trump the future ( and are a bit of an insult to those who risk their lives to get information for his daily Trump , which he does Trump attend ) . Simply put , going to war against your public safety and intelligence apparatus is never a good way to start a presidency .    President Obama certainly knew that when he chose President Obama 2008 , against the calls by his progressive President Obama , to not bring criminal charges against intelligence agents and leaders who were responsible for torture in the     era .   Obama took President Obama long view Trump should do the same .   Amid all this political jockeying , though , the investigation     to be completed by Trump ’s Trump is essential .   Specifically , the inquiries will fall into three categories : Evidence :   What do we know and how do we know it we Several media outlets suggest there were fundamental disagreements between the FBI and the CIA about whether Russian influence was meant to disrupt our democratic process or assist Trump .   If that is true , then a further review by the Obama administration is essential .    The FBI , which historically focuses on whether it can make a criminal case in court , is described in news reports as reluctant to say Russia favored Trump the CIA and every other intelligence agency believe the evidence supports that very assessment .   The public , for the most part , does not know the extent of the evidence but the evidence surmise     given the CIA ’s expertise     that it comes from sources the CIA’s expertise     methods abroad , mainly Russia . Of Russia , the Department of Homeland Security and its secretary , Jeh the Department of Homeland Security , are also on the CIA ’s side the CIA’s because DHS , by statute , oversees the safety and security of the " dot com " domain .   ( Compared with the Pentagon , for example , which secures " dot mil . ")    Because the hacking involved civilian and private servers     the Democratic National Committee or Clinton Chairman John Podesta     DHS’ assessment is highly relevant .   In other words , the FBI may be an outlier but it is n’t on the same the FBI field as CIA , DHS or other intelligence agencies .     Means :   How did Putin weigh in on the campaign ?   It ’s a matter of record that Putin was hostile to a Clinton Putin : He believes the Obama administration has Putin and supported grassroots protests against him .   And while Republican Putin continue to deny it , if the Republican National Committee was hacked but the information not released , Putin can still use that information Putin discredit or embarrass the information .     Thus , Republican leaders we do n’t know , and what an investigation could show , is how we know he did it . It we Putin that the an investigation simply came from our intelligence the information or activities      such as phone call tapping , intelligence assets that have infiltrated Moscow ’s leadership , signal intelligence picking up email conversations in Russia     that prove Putin had a policy to disrupt the election .    But , there are also other theories that must be proved or disallowed in an investigation , including whether there is any information supporting some form of collusion between Trump surrogates and Russia .   Every theory must be run Russia ground .   The stakes are too high .     Punishment :   It is simply an error to believe this investigation is about Trump .   It is n’t his supporters Trump to recognize this investigation .   The ongoing investigation is being conducted to provide this investigation future president with the means to assess what sorts of penalties Russia will suffer , including sanctions . Trump Russia choose not to impose a penalty Trump but the choice has to be made clear : It ’s a policy decision that the future president will the choice .   For the public the future president Russia ’s influence is even more essential because Russia just one election .   There will be more , and unless we understand the depth of Russia ’s influence , and make efforts to curb Russia in the future , Putin will be back .   He is the depth of Russia after all , a    for victory in his 2018 Putin for   . 
 Putin 