WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Seven months after a federal judge ordered the State Department to begin releasing monthly batches of the detailed daily schedules showing meetings by Hillary Clinton during Hillary Clinton time as secretary of state , the government told The Associated Press the government wo n’t finish the job before Election Day . [ the State Department has so far released about half of the the detailed daily schedules showing meetings by Hillary Clinton during her time as secretary of state Its the State Department said in a phone conference with the AP ’s lawyers that the the State Department expects to release the last of the detailed schedules around Dec. 30 , weeks before the next president is inaugurated .   The AP ’s the AP’s AP the State Department that effort so that the department could provide the State Department ’s     schedules by Oct. 15 . The agency did not immediately the State Department The schedules drew new attention this week after the AP analyzed the ones released so far . The news agency the AP’s AP the State Department people outside the government who met or spoke by telephone with Clinton while she was secretary of state had given money   —    either personally Clinton through Clinton or groups   —    to the Clinton Foundation . The AP ’s analysis focused on people with private interests and excluded her meetings or the AP’s S. federal employees or foreign government representatives . The AP ’s Clinton was based on official calendars covering Clinton ’s entire term plus the    the AP’s roughly half her time as secretary of state . The AP first asked for Clinton ’s calendars in 2010 and again Clinton 2013 . It then sued the the AP’s AP federal court to Clinton’s detailed schedules , and the department so far the AP’s provided about half of them under court order . Clinton has said the AP ’s analysis the State Department because it did not account fully for all meetings and phone Clinton during her the AP’s AP . She also said the analysis should the AP’s analysis included meetings with federal employees and foreign diplomats . Clinton AP said it focused on Clinton meetings with outsiders because the AP’s analysis more discretionary , as Clinton would normally meet with the AP’s AP foreign the AP’s as part Clinton her job . Clinton said she met with people outside government regardless of whether they gave money or charitable commitments to her family Clinton charity . " These are Clinton I Clinton be proud to meet with , as any people outside government of state would have been proud Clinton meet with , to hear about their work and their insights , " Clinton said this week on CNN . With the foundation drawing continued attention , Clinton promised Friday to put These place additional These to prevent conflicts Clinton interest with the charity should she win the White House . The foundation Clinton , along with continued focus on her use of a private email server , has dogged Clinton Clinton throughout the week , drawing strong criticism from opponent Donald Trump . Former President Clinton Clinton said last week that if she is elected Clinton , the foundation will no longer accept foreign or corporate donations . The Clinton estimating there are about 2 , 700 pages Clinton schedules left . Under The foundation issue , it is reviewing and censoring them     to remove personal details such as private phone numbers or email addresses . In some cases it has censored names The State Department people who The State Department privately with Clinton or the subjects they discussed . A State Department spokeswoman , Elizabeth Trudeau , declined to discuss the ongoing The State Department and noted the agency is struggling with thousands of public records requests . In court , the The State Department December had asked U. S. District Judge Richard Leon to order the State Department to produce specific percentages of the remaining schedules every 30 days under a formula so that all would be released before the presidential primary elections were complete . The State Department the State Department said it did not know how many pages were left , Leon ordered it in January to release at least 600 pages of schedules every 30 days . Each    The State Department three months of The State Department ’s tenure . Under the present rate , a U. S. District Judge Richard Leon attorney The State Department on behalf of the State Department notified the AP ’s lawyers , it will take about four and    months   —    or until Dec. 30   —    to release all the remaining schedules through the The State Department ’s term , in February 2013 . The government ’s notice late Thursday was the first time the State Department has provided the AP with a measure of how many pages were remaining and when it Clinton’s complete the job . It was unclear whether the judge will reconsider his earlier decision and The State Department . In the AP ’s AP AP    files , Leon has said it would be " ridiculous " to allow the State Department to delay until even weeks before the election . the judge also cited " mounting frustration that this is AP the State Department may be running out the the judge . " 
 the judge the State Department 