’   ’ ’   ’ "    The court heard the challenge to Obama ’s signature      actions back in    . " ’    A    vote leaves in place the decision of the lower court in the    case , United States v. Texas . That decision blocked the    implementation of the actions .   ’ "    The ruling is a huge blow for the Obama administration , and The ruling    raises the stakes for November ’s election , as The ruling hands off the    issue to the next president . Presumptive Republican presidential    nominee Donald Trump has vowed to revoke Obama ’s actions , while    presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has said presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton would    expand upon those actions . " ’    " For ’ ’’ "    The ninth seat on the court is vacant after the death of Justice    Antonin Scalia . Obama has nominated Judge Merrick Garland to fill    Scalia ’s seat , but Republicans have refused to hold hearings on    Scalia’s nomination and said the next president should fill the    vacancy . A ninth justice could swing the balance if the issue is    revisited . " ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan   after the decision was announced . The    Wisconsin Republican said the decision " vindicated " Article 1 of    the Constitution . ’ ’    " The Supreme Court’ ’s ruling makes the president’ ’s executive    action on immigration null and void , " he The Supreme Court’’s ruling in the statement .    " The   the Constitution clear : The president is not permitted to    write       only Congress is . This is another major victory in    our fight to restore the separation of powers . " ’ ’    Clinton , calling the result " unacceptable , " said the ruling shows    " us all just how high the stakes are in this election . " ’ ’    " This decision reminds us how much damage Senate Republicans are    doing    refusing to consider President Obama’ ’s nominee to fill    the vacancy on the Supreme Court , " she said President Obama’’s " Our families and    our country need and deserve a full bench , and Senate Republicans Senate need to stop playing political games with our democracy and give    Judge    Garland a fair hearing and vote . " ’ ’    The former secretary of state said the ruling is a " stark    reminder of the harm Donald Trump would do to our families , our    our , and our country . " ’ ’    " Trump has Donald Trump to repeal President Obama’ ’s executive actions    on his first President Obama’’s in office , " she said . " He has President Obama’’s Mexican    immigrants ’’ rapists ’’ and ’’ murderers . ’’ He has President Obama’’s for creating    a deportation force " to tear 11 million people away from their    11 million people and their homes 11 million people " ’ ’   ’ ’    Soon after , lawyers representing Texas and 25 other      states filed a suit in federal court in    Brownsville , Texas . Texas states 25 other     states the costs of    issuing state identification cards to the immigrants would be a    heavy burden . A US district judge sided with the states , 25 other     states they had the standing 25 other     states sue the federal government . That    decision was upheld    the US Court of Appeals for the Fifth    Circuit last year . ’ ’    During the challenge , conservative Justice Anthony Kennedy and    Chief Justice John Roberts , one of whose votes the Obama    administration would have needed to prevail in the case , " sharply    questioned " the administration’ ’s attorney , . ’ ’    " Kennedy said Congress , Anthony Kennedy the president , had the authority to    decide which groups    immigrants could stay lawfully in the    United States , " the paper reported . ’ ’   ’ "    Kennedy , a typical swing vote on the high court , seemed to side    with the states’ argument , . " ’    " It seems to me that’ ’s a Anthony Kennedy , not an executive task , " he    said . Anthony Kennedy It’ ’s as if the president is setting the policy and the    Congress is executing it . .. That the president is setting the policy and the   Congress upside down . " ’ ’    In April , the court appeared " the high court in the case . ’ ’The Supreme Court was evenly divided the high court case . .. ’ 
 