’   ’ ’    CNN correspondent Jim Acosta blasted the White House on Monday    for holding an    press conference that news outlets were    not permitted to record . ’ "    Speaking to CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin after the briefing , CNN correspondent Jim Acosta lashed out at press secretary Sean Spicer , and questioned why he CNN correspondent Jim Acosta and other reporters bothered attending in the first place . " ’    " The White House press secretary is getting to a point , Brooke ,       he’ ’s just kind of useless , " Acosta CNN correspondent Jim Acosta . " If he can’’t come    out and answer the questions , and they’’re just not going to do       on camera or audio , why are we even having these briefings    or these gaggles in the first place ? " ’ "    Acosta CNN correspondent Jim Acosta to multiple recent instances in which Spicer has    declined to answer questions about President Donald Trump ’s    position on climate change , leading Baldwin to wonder aloud if    Spicer Spicer having conversations with the president President Donald Trump    subject . " ’    " It’ ’s a really good question , Brooke , and it’ ’s a It’ that I    would ask , but unfortunately at this White House we wouldn’’t have    the video or audio to show you the answer to that question    because of    stonewalling we’’re getting over here , " Acosta    said . ’ "    Acosta then linked Acosta    ’s    press briefing to Trump ’s    reluctance to    press conferences   —    he ’s held Acosta    handful of    brief joint press conferences with foreign leaders , but only one    on his    since Acosta    president in January . " ’    " I don’’t know why everybody is going along with this , " Acosta    said . " It just doesn’’t make any sense to me , and Acosta    just feels It like we’’re sort of slowly but surely being dragged into what is a    new normal    this country where the president of the United    States of America is allowed to insulate himself from answering the president of the United   States of America hard questions    " ’ ’    The commentary echoed points Acosta made on Acosta    during    Monday’ ’s briefing , in which he again accused Acosta    White House of    " stonewalling " and bemoaned what he saw as Acosta    a suppression of    information . " ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tThe Spicer     audio gaggle has begun . I ca n’t show you a pic of Sean . So here is a look at some new socks I bought over the wknd   " ’ ’t’t’tMake no mistake about what we are all witnessing . This is a WH that is stonewalling the news media . Hiding behind no    audio gaggles’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tThere is a suppression of information going on at this WH that a WH that is stonewalling the news media be tolerated at a city council mtg or press conf with a state gov . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tCall me old fashioned but I think the White House of the United States of America should have the backbone to answer questions on camera . ’t’t’ "    Spicer ’s    press gaggle coincided with reports that he    is   for his own replacement to he over the    briefings . " ’ ’ ’"The White House Press Secretary is getting to a point where he is kind of White House Press Secretary "    ’ ’CNN correspondent Jim Acosta blasted the White . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 