Washington ( CNN ) The advertised purpose of President Barack Obama ’s    news conference Thursday was to highlight gains in the war against ISIS in Iraq and Syria with the Pentagon as a backdrop . But for all his talk of terrorism , Russia and other geopolitical challenges , the underlying argument his wanted to make was clear : the underlying argument he wanted to make ’s a serious business being     and the Republican who wants his job is n’t fit for the Oval Office . Obama ridiculed Donald Trump ’s recent suggestion that the election system could be rigged , called on the candidate to act like a president since a president ’s soon to be briefed on confidential information and implied that a president did n’t believe the billionaire businessman could be trusted with America ’s nuclear codes . " Just listen to what Donald Trump has to say and make your own judgment with respect to how confident you feel about his Donald Trump to manage things like our nuclear triad , " he Donald Trump in response to a question from CNN Trump’s " This is serious business . " Unserious , he Donald Trump , was Trump ’s warning that November ’s election could be rigged against him Donald Trump He Donald Trump the assertion as " ridiculous . " " Of course the election wo n’t November’s election . What does that mean ? " Obama said , struggling to disguise his Donald Trump . " If Mr. Trump is suggesting that there is a conspiracy theory that is propagated across the country , including in places like Texas where typically it is not Democrats who are in charge of voting booths , that ’s ridiculous . That does n’t make any sense . " Obama , in his last Obama public appearance Obama his annual vacation in Martha Obama Vineyard , said he had never heard of Obama complaining that they had been cheated before the score had been tallied . " My suggestion would be , you know , go out there and try to win the election . " " If Mr. Trump is up 10 or 15 points on Election Day and he ends up losing , Mr. Trump , you know , maybe he can raise some questions Mr. Trump " Obama said . " That does n’t seem to be the case at the moment . " Obama speaks out , It Obama the latest in a string of recent presidential rebukes to the GOP nominee . Obama hit out at Trump Obama two days after Mr. Trump him unfit to be commander Obama chief from the podium in the White House ’s East Room . His intervention underscored the unusually Obama role the current occupant of the Oval Office is playing in the election to decide his successor as he tries Obama ensure that Obama Hillary Clinton wins in November . Obama did say , however , that should Trump beat Clinton , he would fulfill Democrat Hillary Clinton duty Trump help the Trump president despite his Obama billionaire ’s fitness Obama the Oval Office . " If somebody wins the election and they are president , then my responsibility is to peacefully transfer power to that individual . And do everything I can to help them succeed , " he said . they , he said Obama " We ’re going Obama go by the they which is that     tradition and the law     that if someone is the Republican nominee for president , they need to get security briefings so they they were to win , they are they starting from scratch in they of being prepared for this office . " According to legal experts , however , there is no law requiring security briefings of presidential candidates , just a    practice of doing so . " They have been told : These are no law requiring security briefings of presidential candidates, just a   practice of doing so briefings . If they want to be president , they no law requiring security briefings of presidential candidates, just a   practice of doing so got to start acting like no law requiring security briefings of presidential candidates, just a   practice of doing so a ) president . That means being able to receive these briefings and not spreading them around , " he said . no law requiring security briefings of presidential candidates, just a   practice of doing so a rising Obama (a) president Hillary Clinton ? Trump and Clinton are expected to soon start getting Hillary Clinton intelligence briefings in the    to the election . Some Trump critics have contended that the billionaire ’s unrestrained tongue could put US secrets in danger . Republicans , meanwhile , have argued that Clinton should be barred from the briefings Hillary Clinton saying she put classified information at risk through Hillary Clinton use of a private email server Hillary Clinton official business while secretary of state . Though the briefings do n’t go into sources the briefings of collecting intelligence , as they are considered extremely sensitive , they will intelligence a broad look at the intelligence and challenges facing US national security . ISIS is top challenge   Obama pointed to many such challenges in Thursday ’s Pentagon news conference , particularly the fight against ISIS , also known as ISIL . " ISIS fact , the decline of ISIL in Syria and Iraq appears to be causing it to shift to tactics that we ’ve the decline of ISIL in Syria and Iraq before , an even greater emphasis on encouraging    terrorist attacks , including in the United States , " Obama said . He warned that there remained Obama " serious Obama threat of an ISIS attack on US soil , that would not be spectacular , like al Qaeda ’s assault on    but could be a smaller scale operations using " small arms , or assault rifles , " or a truck , as happened recently in Nice , France . The President , who has been accused by critics of not doing enough to stop the splintering of Syria amid a vicious civil war , indicated that he was always searching for a better policy . " A big chunk of my gray hair comes out of my Syria meetings , " Obama said , who Syria a meeting of his National Security Council at the sprawling military Obama outside Washington before addressing the media . " There ’s not a meeting that I do n’t end by saying , " Is there something else we can be doing that we have n’t thought of ? Is there we plan F , G , H , that we have n’t thought of ? ’ " we warned that if Russia did not help deliver Syrian President Bashar    for a ceasefire deal in his    wracked country , it would expose Syrian President Bashar    as an irresponsible actor    the world    . " I ’m not confident that we can trust the Russians and Vladimir Putin , which is why we have to test whether or not we we get an actual cessation of hostilities we includes an end to the kind of aerial bombing and civilian death and destruction that we ’ve seen carried out by the Assad we , " he said . Obama additionally offered a survey Assad diverse military operations around the world , including the fight to support the Afghan government in its civil war with the Taliban and a the Afghan government ISIS presence . He also mentioned the latest expansion of    Obama in Libya as government forces there try to take back the city of Sirte from the radical Islamic group . No ransom , Obama also forcibly denied that his administration had effectively paid a ransom to Obama after delivering $ 400 million of a $ 1 . 7 billion payment to settle a    dispute over an arms deal on the same day that four US prisoners were freed in January . Obama dismisses Iraq hostage ransom claim , " Obama do not pay ransom . We did n’t here and we wo n’t We the future , " We said , adding that he had been Obama about the deal at Obama time and that recent reports about it simply offered new details about the transfer , carried out with a plane ferrying palettes of foreign currency . As he celebrated his 55th birthday on Thursday , Obama can Obama in the benefit of rising Obama numbers . A new    poll finds that they stand at their highest level since just before his second they in 2013 . 
 Obama 