  ( CNN ) For President Trump and his travel ban , the second time may be the charm . t , The revised executive order , revealed Monday during a rare joint appearance by three Cabinet members , addresses many of the legal problems that led Trump ’s first executive order to be stymied by the courts . Trump’s first executive order to be stymied by the courts makes plain that holders of green cards and valid visas are now clearly exempt . There is no longer an exception to allow Christian refugees to jump to the head of the line . The government ’s explanation for why it selected The government covered countries does not mention religion rather , the administration says the six countries     down from seven in the previous order     either support terrorism or lack sufficient controls to identify dangerous visitors to the United States . The order the previous order     Iraq as one of the countries covered by the order . the previous order     , which invalidated the original ban , did so , in effect , because they found the order The courts, which invalidated the original ban to the previous order     against Muslims . This new order , unlike the previous order     makes no mention of the religions of any applicants to come to the United States . Still , opponents the United States will insist the new rules the previous order     pretexts     that the new order once again fulfills President Trump the previous order     to ban Muslims from entering the United States . As Thomas Perez , the new head of the United States Committee , put it in a statement Monday , " Trump ’s obsession with religious discrimination is disgusting ,    and outright dangerous . President Trump’s n’t be fooled     he promised again and again during his campaign that he would single out and    a specific religious group ,    that ’s    what he ’s trying to do now . This second Muslim ban is just as    as the last one . " That assertion will surely be before the courts in short order . But the Trump administration ’s return to the drawing board may have resulted in an order Trump’s still controversial , may pass constitutional muster . 
 