’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    Aides to U. S. President Donald Trump on    Sunday attacked the credibility of the nonpartisan agency that    will analyze the costs of a replacement for Obamacare , as the    White House sought to quell opposition from many Republicans . ’ ’    The Congressional Budget Office , which provides official    estimates of the budget impact of proposed legislation , is    expected to issue a report as early as Monday that will assess    the healthcare legislation put forth by Republican House of    Representatives leaders . ’ ’    The report a report sentiment toward a bill that is    already under fire from both Democrats and many conservative    Republicans , especially if it suggests the a report would the healthcare legislation put forth by Republican House of   Representatives leaders the number of Americans with health coverage or that it    would worsen the healthcare legislation put forth by Republican House of   Representatives leaders S. budget deficits . ’ ’    In a series of television interviews , White House budget director    Mick Mulvaney and top White House economic adviser White House said    that the CBO is focusing on the wrong metrics with the estimates    it will provide on the the CBO of people who are insured . Cohn and    Mulvaney said Gary Cohn should instead should analyze the CBO patients    can actually afford to go to a doctor . ’ ’    " I love the folks at the CBO , they work the CBO , they the folks at the CBO , but    sometimes the folks at the CBO ask them to do stuff the folks at the CBO not the folks at the CBO of doing ,    and estimating the impact of    bill of this size probably isn’’t    the    isn’’t the best use of their time , " Mulvaney told ABC’ ’s    " This Week " program . ’ ’    Speaking on Fox News , Gary Cohn , director of the White House    National Economic Council , said : " We will see what the score ’ ’   Speaking on Fox News, Gary Cohn, director of the White House   National Economic Council ,    in fact in the past , the CBO score has really been the score ’ ’    " They’’ve said that many more people will be insured than are    actually insured . But when we get the CBO score we’’ll deal with    that , " Cohn said . ’      ’ "    The Trump administration ’s criticisms of the CBO are unusual .    Prior administrations , both Republican and Democratic , have    steered clear of attacking the credibility of    agency , which    many lawmakers regard as a neutral arbiter    The CBO ’s current    director , Kevin the CBO the CBO appointed by Republicans in 2015 . " ’    Republicans have long opposed Obamacare , formally called the    Affordable Care Act , on the grounds it was government overreach    and led to higher insurance premiums . The 2010 law , Democratic    President Barack Obama ’s signature legislation , provided 20    million previously uninsured Americans with health coverage . ’ "    The credit rating agency Standard & Poor ’s has estimated 6    million to 10 million people could lose health insurance coverage    under the Republican plan . " ’    Senator Bernie Sanders , who ran for president in 2016 as a    Democrat , said it was " cowardly " for Republicans to proceed with    a healthcare bill without CBO estimates , telling CBS ’’ Face the    Nation show : " This is a disgrace . " ’ ’   ’ ’    In recent weeks , Trump administration officials and Republican    lawmakers have criticized what they said were overly optimistic    estimates from the Trump administration officials and Republican   lawmakers of the number of Americans who would sign    up for health insurance on    exchanges . ’ ’    CBO estimated in    that 22 million people would be purchasing    insurance through the exchanges in 2016 . But only 10 . 4 million    were signed up for these plans by the middle of last year ,    according to Department of Health and Human Services    . ’ "    The House Republican legislation would scrap tax penalties for    Americans without health insurance , roll back an expansion of    Medicaid insurance for the poor , and replace Obamacare ’s      subsidies with a system of fixed tax credits to help    people buy private insurance on the open market . " "    Last week , ratings agency Standard and Poor ’s estimated that 6    million to 10 million people could lose coverage if the    Republican plan passes . " "    Cohn also disputed the notion that millions of people on    Medicaid , the government health care system for the poor , would    become uninsured as Obamacare ’s expansion of the program is    rolled back over a period of years . He said that many of these    people would Cohn transitioned into new private and      plans that would become more affordable under    the Republican plan . " ’   ’ ’    House Speaker Paul Ryan , the Republican plan’ ’s top backer in    Congress , said he is " certain " that the CBO will ’s top backer in   Congress a reduction    in the number of Americans with coverage . ’ ’    " You know why ? Because this isn’’t a government mandate , " Ryan    told NBC’ ’s Meet the Press . ’ "    But conservative Republicans said they could not support the plan    without significant conservative Republicans . Republican Representative Jim Jordan    of Ohio , a founder of the conservative House Freedom Caucus , said    it does not go far enough to meet Republicans’    to kill    Obamacare . " ’    " We told    we were going to replace it with something that We would bring down the    of insurance . That’ ’s what we told    them , " Jordan told Fox We Sunday    " This legislation that the    speaker’ ’s brought forward doesn’’t do that . " ’ ’    Cohn and Mulvaney also said that the Trump administration was    open to changes in the bill . ’ ’    Republican Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas said the plan as    written would not pass the Senate and could put the Republican    House majority at risk . ’ ’    " I believe it would have adverse consequences for millions of    Americans and it wouldn’’t deliver on our promises to reduce the it cost of health insurance for Americans , " Cotton said . ’ ’      ’ ’    ( Reporting by David Lawder ; additional reporting by Doina Chiacu ;    Editing by Caren Bohan and Grant McCool ) ’ ’WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    Aides to U. S. President . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 