Washington ( CNN ) EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt is recusing EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt from lawsuits EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt was previously involved in as attorney general of Oklahoma , including litigation over the    Clean Power Plan and Waters of the United States rule . An official told CNN on Saturday that EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt is recusing EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt only from litigation , not regulations . " I am profoundly committed to carrying out my ethical responsibilities , " EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said in the statement . " While I have recused EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt from making decisions on specific cases , it is my duty and privilege as the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to actively engage in rulemaking . "     EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt duties will continue to include pursuing President Donald Trump ’s regulatory agenda " by reviewing , revising or rescinding rules and regulations created by the previous administration that cause undue or unnecessary stress on American jobs or the economy . " EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt formally recused EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt in an agency memorandum Thursday , saying EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will not participate in 12 lawsuits , all but one of which were filed against the EPA . The the EPA statement said EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will continue to consult with the agency ’s ethics counsel to ensure there is no question of impropriety in how The EPA statement deals with litigation to which EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt had been a party as Oklahoma ’s attorney general .   EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt wrote in the agency memorandum that EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will recuse EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt from matters in which EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has a financial interest or a personal business relationship and also said EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has obligations outlined by the Oklahoma state bar and an ethics pledge EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt signed with the administration . After speaking with the Office of General Counsel ’s ethics personnel , EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will take a    " cooling off period " from the time of leaving state office and several other positions and will not participate in matters involving the state of Oklahoma , Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , Windows Ministry Inc. and the Rule of Law Defense Fund , which calls itself a " public policy organization for issues relevant to the nation ’s Republican attorneys general . " 
 