Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s list of possible vice presidential candidates has " no more than four " names on it right now , former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Thursday . " These are the absolute , very best     These ’re people that everyone will know . These ’re household names . These ’re people that former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has said will help former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski achieve former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski legislative agenda , " former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski ’s comments came in former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski first appearance on CNN after joining the network as a political commentator , three days after Trump fired former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski as former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski campaign manager .   former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski would n’t reveal the members of that short list .   " People are going to be very , very happy when former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski finally makes the determination of which one of those former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is going to select , " Lewandowski said .   former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski also insisted that Trump ’s overtures to prospective candidates who former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski campaign has wanted to vet have been   .   " The individuals who former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is talking to about being part of that process have all agreed that The individuals who he is talking to about being part of that process want to be part of that process . There ’s been some speculation out there that people do n’t want to be part of this     it ’s absolutely the opposite , " Lewandowski said .   " Every person that he Lewandowski talked to , every person that he Lewandowski had an interest in talking to has reaffirmed with 100 % certainty that they would be absolutely welcome on the ticket , they they to do this , " he Lewandowski . Trump has long said he Trump like a political insider who could help him Trump legislation on Capitol Hill as his Trump president to balance his Trump status . Trump Trump have said they Trump aides asked prospective candidates to turn over their Trump aides returns as part of the vetting process . A    poll released Wednesday found that just a handful of Republican voters want their Republican voters nominee to choose someone just like him their presumptive nominee Only 8 % say they Only 8% like to see Trump select someone with a background in the business world , while the rest are divided between a running mate with experience in the military ( 47 % would prefer that ) or in politics ( 43 % prefer a politician ) . The list is shortening for both sides . Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is considering a handful of prospective running mates , with Clinton Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s signaling she Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s less concerned about choosing someone who fills a specific liberal or progressive void in favor of a partner who is fully prepared for the job and has a strong camaraderie with her Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s Clinton Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s not yet conducted formal interviews , but has devoted hours studying the records and backgrounds of several Democrats on a list that includes Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia , Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro of Texas . But those three should not be seen as absolute finalists , several Democrats said , only as active contenders . The roster also may include Labor Secretary Tom Perez , Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Rep. Xavier Becerra of California . 
 