  ( CNN ) CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria delivered a scathing critique of Trump ’s travel ban on Fareed Zakaria show , " GPS , " on Sunday , calling the refugees and foreign nationals affected by the order the " roadkill of Trump ’s posturing . " Referencing Trump ’s request that the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department provide information and progress reports on the numbers of foreign terrorists over the next three months , Zakaria offered up some figures there and then on the seven countries affected by the ban . " Let me save the government some money and offer up the data right now , " he Zakaria , quoting a study by Alex Nowrasteh of the CATO Institute , a conservative think tank that has tallied the number of Americans killed on US soil from 1975 to 2015 by citizens of the seven countries .   " Iraq    zero , Iran    Syria    zero , Yemen    zero , Libya    zero , Somalia    zero , Sudan     zero , " Zakaria said . As to how these the seven countries chosen , Zakaria said it Zakaria " truly mysterious , " before   observing that " none of the Muslim majority countries that have a Trump hotel , building or office are on the list . " " There is really no rational basis for this ban , " he said , Zakaria adding that it could only this ban explained by looking at what he considered to Zakaria the hallmark of Trump ’s political Trump " the exploitation of fear . "   " From the birther campaign to the talk of Mexican rapists , Trump has always trafficked Trump fear mongering , " Zakaria said . To " present himself as the country Zakaria protector , " Trump had chosen to Trump punish ordinary men , women and children who are fleeing terrorism and violence , " Zakaria said . " Zakaria people are the roadkill of Trump ’s posturing , Trump he added .   Trump The image , reputation and goodwill of the United States of America as the beacon of the world " was destroyed by the executive order , Zakaria said . " Zakaria Trump seems to want to turn off that lamp on the Statue of Liberty . " 
 