A general election matchup between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton became all but certain on Tuesday after Donald J. Trump ’s decisive victory in Indiana . He Donald J. Trump begin A general election matchup between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton at a significant disadvantage . Yes , it ’s still a long way until Election Day . And Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump upended the conventional wisdom many times . But this is when early    polls start to give a rough sense of the November election , and Mr. Trump trails Donald J. Trump by around 10 percentage points in early general election surveys , both nationally and in key battleground states . He even trails in Donald J. Trump polls of several states where Mitt Romney won in 2012 , like North Carolina , Arizona , Missouri and Utah . Could Mr. Trump overtake Mrs. Donald J. Trump Sure . Mrs. Clinton is very unpopular herself Mrs. Clinton polling lead is a Mrs. Clinton in Mrs. Clinton , before the barrage of attack ads that are sure to come her way . There have been    Mrs. Clinton over the general election season before , even if it ’s uncommon . But there is n’t much of a precedent for huge swings in races with candidates as well known as Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton . A majority of Americans may not like her , but they say they ’re Mrs. Clinton of him A majority of Americans To A majority of Americans a chance , Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton ’ll need to change that . Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton Trump ’s biggest problem is that he would be the most unpopular major Mr. Trump nominee in the modern era , with nearly    saying they have an unfavorable opinion of him . More than half view him Mr. Trump very unfavorably " or say Mr. Trump ’re " scared " of his they   —    figures with Mr. Trump precedent among modern presidential nominees . Mr. Trump ’s ratings are worst with Mr. Trump made up the    Obama coalition of young , nonwhite and    voters who propelled President Obama ’s    four years ago . In some ways , Mrs. Clinton is not a natural fit to reunite Mr. Obama ’s supporters   —    especially the younger voters who have overwhelmingly preferred Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries . But whatever challenges she may have among these groups dissipate against Mr. Mrs. Clinton . Recent surveys even show her leading among    to     voters by a Mrs. Clinton margin than Mr. Obama ’s when he won them four years Mr. Obama’s Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Obama’s among   to    voters , nonwhite and Mrs. Clinton would be enough to make her a favorite . The G. O. P. path to Mrs. Clinton without adding some of these voters is narrow . The Republicans would need to do nearly as well among white voters as Ronald Reagan did in his      landslide in 1984 merely to fight to a draw Ronald Reagan today ’s far more diverse country . Nonwhite voters could make up nearly 30 percent of the electorate in 2016 , up from 14 percent in 1984 . But what raises the possibility of a more decisive defeat for Mr. Trump is that he is struggling to reunite the voters who supported Mr. Romney Mr. Trump —    especially white women and white    voters . A recent    Post poll showed Mr. Trump with just a 29 percent favorability rating among white Mr. Trump 23 percent among white college graduates , while 68 percent and 74 percent had an unfavorable opinion . Mr. Trump is faring worse than Mr. Romney among white voters in Mr. Trump the presidential battleground states . Polls even show Mr. Trump losing white voters in states where Mr. Romney won them , Mr. Trump , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin . It ’s Mr. Romney among white voters in all of the presidential battleground states put him white voters a big disadvantage in early surveys of diverse Mr. Trump is one of the    states in the country . It ’s unlikely that Mrs. Clinton could win Utah in the end , but it ’s nonetheless telling that Mr. Trump trails in a survey of a state where Democrats have not reached 35 percent of the vote in the last 11 presidential elections . The Trump campaign ’s aim to compete in industrial    states like Pennsylvania , Michigan and Ohio has not looked promising either It That ’s in part Mr. Trump his broader challenge with    whites ( a recent    survey showed Mr. Trump trailing by 29 points in the Philadelphia suburbs ) but it ’s also because he is n’t connecting among white    Democrats the way the campaign had hoped . The same    survey showed Mrs. Clinton leading in western Pennsylvania , where Mr. Obama lost many registered Democrats to Mr. Romney . Part of the problem for Mr. Trump is that the anger that has driven his success Mr. Trump the Republican primaries is n’t seen at the same levels in the general electorate a recent   survey Americans now narrowly approve of Mr. Obama ’s performance   —    a big improvement from his standing in surveys ahead of the midterm elections , when his ratings were decidedly negative . An    Post Mr. Trump found that just 24 percent of Americans were angry at the federal government . There also is n’t much evidence that Americans are particularly dissatisfied with the state of the economy . The unemployment rate is Mr. Obama’s 5 percent , and gas prices are low . Consumer Mr. Obama’s economic confidence indicators are well within historical norms . By all of these measures , national political and economic conditions are more favorable to the president ’s party than they were at this time in 2012 , when Mr. Obama won   . These indicators might make Mrs. Clinton a slight favorite even if she were facing a more typical Republican nominee . Instead , it seems she will be facing a nominee who has both defied expectations and created enormous challenges for himself . 
 the president’s party Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton 