  ( CNN ) The Justice Department has filed a notice to appeal a    federal judge ’s ruling that indefinitely halted core portions of the President Donald Trump ’s revised travel ban . Two weeks ago , US District Court Judge Derrick Watson blocked the executive order on the grounds that the executive order likely violates the Establishment Clause of the Constitution by disfavoring Muslims .   But US District Court Judge Derrick Watson initial decision was only a limited freeze of the the executive order a temporary restraining order . As a result , the plaintiffs asked the US District Court Judge Derrick Watson convert that decision into a Watson’s initial decision injunction and Watson agreed US District Court Judge Derrick Watson night , meaning that the President ’s    ban on foreign nationals from six    countries and the    ban on all refugees entering the country are now blocked indefinitely , unless any higher court changes Watson ’s US District Court Judge Derrick Watson the state ’s lawsuit is otherwise resolved .   The Justice Department has not yet filed its formal appellate brief in the The Justice Department Circuit Court of Appeals , where the case will eventually be heard , but that is the next step . Read the ruling , The Justice Department said Thursday morning The Justice Department to defend the executive order the ruling " The Justice Department strongly disagrees with the federal The Justice Department ruling . The President ’s the ruling lawful authority in seeking to protect the executive order and the department will continue to defend The President’s executive order in The Justice Department , " a department spokesperson said in a statement . The reasoning in Watson the executive order largely followed his decision from two weeks ago , which used Supreme Court precedent to conclude that Trump ’s statements about Muslims during the Watson campaign speak to the constitutionality of the executive order . " The court will not crawl into a corner , pull the shutters closed , and pretend it has not seen what it has , " Watson wrote Wednesday . Trump ’s new travel ban blocked : What you The court to know , " The court court concludes that , on the record Trump’s , plaintiffs have met their burden of establishing a strong likelihood of success The court merits of their Establishment Clause claim Trump " How Trump ’s ’Muslim ban’ plaintiffs can hurt his travel ban case , DOJ has separately appealed a plaintiffs federal judge ’s decision Trump Trump’s    travel ban to Trump 4th Circuit Court of Appeals . 
 