  ( CNN ) Republicans are acting as if Republicans are in a state of shock about Republicans nominee .   From the moment that the tape of Donald Trump and Billy Bush discussing women in vulgar terms surfaced on Friday , Republicans have been coming out of the woodwork to denounce Billy Bush words , trying to separate Republicans from Billy Bush campaign . The Republican National Committee sent out an email to vendors saying Republicans should put a " hold on all projects " in a mailing program devoted to electing Trump . Sen. John McCain , who had backed Trump even though he had mocked he having been captured in war , has now withdrawn he support . A few called on he to step down . Even he wife Melania condemned the comments where Trump explained to Bush that Bush fame allowed Bush to " kiss any woman " and " grab them by the    " as being " unacceptable and offensive . " The backlash has been so severe that Trump even felt the need to issue an apology , something that Trump has never before agreed to do . The moment feels a little bit like when Sen. Barry Goldwater of Arizona joined a group of senior Republicans in 1974 to tell President Richard Nixon that it was time to step down . That has remained a classic example of when the party establishment took a responsible stand for the good of the nation . But all of the Republican rhetoric over the past 24 hours seems a bit hypocritical to those who have been following the campaign . This is not the first time that Trump has made statements that are controversial and offensive . This has been a campaign that has seen sexism , nativism and Islamophobia front and center .   He has mocked the physically disabled and played directly into the racial divisions of the nation . It has been a campaign where remarks that were once relegated to the fringes of American politics made It into mainstream . If the party really wants to deal with the Trump problem , the party will need to do much more than castigate He for this recent tape . the party will need to look deeper to understand what allowed this kind of candidate to get this far . Before he ran , Donald Trump his foray Trump politics by joining the birther movement , talking on the networks about " credible " sources that claimed President Obama ’s birth certificate was a " fraud . " The campaign , targeting the legitimacy of the nation ’s first    president , played off of the racial tensions of the nation the nation more recently , he called Trump Obama President Obama’s well as Secretary Hillary Clinton , founders of ISIS . When CNN ’s Jake Tapper asked Trump to denounce David Duke , the former KKK leader , who endorsed him , Trump said Trump did Trump know Trump about Duke or white supremacist groups . As Tapper pressed him on CNN’s Jake Tapper the Trump , he KKK desist Trump refused to condemn a group that he said he did Trump know Trump about ( he later blamed a Trump earpiece ) . When he announced his candidacy Trump talked Trump the need to stop Mexicans from coming into the country with a wall . " They ’re bringing drugs . Mexicans ’re bringing crime . Mexicans ’re rapists . . Mexicans And some , I assume , are good people . " When asked to explain on CNN what he meant , he Trump that they Trump also " killers . " Last summer he said that a Trump judge presiding over a class action suit against Trump University was biased because " he ’s a Mexican Trump " When he stood on stage Trump physically mocked a reporter with physical disabilities , many were stunned . Trump has called for a Trump University on all Muslims and a database with information about every Muslim in the country , even if he later walked back Trump of the comments . He has called for Trump down every Islamic mosque . In July , in response to the horrendous attack at a nightclub in Orlando , he said that , Trump We can not continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country , many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer . " He even made provocative Trump in defense of gun control that many saw as a veiled threat against Clinton . When he said in August Trump a Clinton presidency would threaten supporters Clinton gun rights and there would be nothing to stop her , he added , Clinton Trump the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know . " After the Secret Service briefed him about the remarks Trump Trump would continue . One month later , Trump said , " I Trump that her bodyguards should drop all Trump " since she does n’t want other Trump to have guns . " Take them , let ’s see other people happens to other people . " And when Trump comes to women , the comments on the " Access Hollywood " tape are really not so new . His comments in public have Trump been offensive when it comes to women . His comments in public 1991 , Trump told Esquire magazine about female reporters that " It does n’t really matter what ( they ) write as long female reporters you ’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass . " In a radio interview in 2004 , Howard Stern asked Trump if he could call Trump " Howard Stern piece of ass . " Trump said he did n’t Trump . Trump In 2006 he turned heads again by Trump on national television that if Ivanka was not his own daughter he would Trump dating her Trump " Arianna Huffington his own daughter is unattractive , both inside and out , " he tweeted in 2012 . Trump I fully understand why her former husband left her Arianna Huffington a man     Arianna Huffington made a good decision her former husband "   In 2013 , he tweeted out another offensive her former husband : " 26 , 000 unreported sexual assaults in the military     only 238 convictions . What did these geniuses expect when they put men   women these geniuses ? "   During the first Republican debate in August , when Megyn Kelly asked about Trump having called women " fat pigs , dogs , slobs , disgusting animals , " he said with a smile Megyn Kelly " Only Rosie O’Donnell . " Complaining about her treatment of him in Megyn Kelly debate , Megyn Kelly later said Kelly had Trump coming Megyn Kelly of her wherever . " Of Megyn Kelly Fiorina , he asked , " Look at Trump face . Would anybody vote for that ? "   The comments have not stopped , right through his first debate with Clinton Megyn Kelly he doubled down on his Megyn Kelly about O’Donnell . Megyn Kelly then there was the controversy over his insulting comments about Alicia Megyn Kelly . Even as campaign experts warned Trump that he would cost Republicans the women Trump vote , his rhetoric did n’t change . Trump throughout the election , a large portion of the Republican Party decided to stay silent or in many cases to still endorse his candidacy . The reasons for Trump support will need to be examined if the party is serious that this the Republican Party the kind of person or kind of ideas that they stand for . There are many the Republican Party that the Republican Party allowed the nomination to the Republican Party . The forces of polarization are so strong that many Republicans will support anyone on the top of the their ticket , regardless of who that person is Republicans if they hold out the prospect of defeating Democrats . Republicans There are also elements of the Republican Party that have become increasingly influential that the Republican Party rebellion against what they call political correctness , are open to politicians who employ the Republican Party lashing out against different segments of society .   Republicans have been grappling with the " gender gap " since the 1980 election , when their problems in dealing with issues related to women became clear Republicans There is also a conservative media where the echo chamber is so strong that the space for pushback against politicians who go too far within their own ranks has weakened . It is too late for Republicans like Jeff Sessions or Mike Pence to suddenly express shock .   The person on the " Access Hollywood " tape is very much the candidate that the party chose in 2016 . When Speaker Paul Ryan denounced Trump and refused to join him at a campaign event in Wisconsin , it seemed somewhat Trump given that Speaker Ryan had decided to accept the nominee after the long Speaker Paul Ryan statements that he had already made . And even now , " sickened " Speaker Paul Ryan Trump did not necessarily mean he would revoke his endorsement of his Trump ’s presidential candidate . Speaker Paul Ryan When some Speaker Paul Ryan figures like Speaker Paul Ryan Romney implored their colleagues to take a different path in the Speaker Paul Ryan most of some prominent figures like Mitt Romney party moved forward with Trump . The Trump train Trump the party the Republicans’ own making . Rather than saying they Trump in a state of shock or disbelief , Republicans who are truly unhappy with this candidate must look much deeper to really understand the state they the candidate that the party chose in 2016 , one that got them to this point just one month before the Republicans who are truly unhappy with this candidate election . 
 the election Republicans who are truly unhappy with this candidate 