Since former Green Party candidate Jill Stein started Jill Stein election recount effort , the same big three TV networks that essentially ignored Jill Stein presidential campaign have discovered Jill Stein is worth reporting on . [ Indeed the Nets have given Jill Stein twelve times more coverage in the last five days than the Nets gave Jill Stein entire nearly    bid for the White House .   A survey of coverage of Stein ’s Green Party bid for the White House finds that ABC , CBS , and NBC gave Stein ’s Stein’s Green Party a scant 36 seconds of coverage combined across all three networks during the entire time she was Stein’s Green Party for president . But since she announced Stein’s Green Party recount Stein’s Green Party late last week , the Nets have suddenly given Stein a Stein’s Green Party seven minutes and 26 seconds of coverage , according to the Media Research Center . Stein jumped Stein’s Green Party her recount Stein’s Green Party the day before the Thanksgiving holiday and mysteriously raised four million dollars in two days to fund recounts in three states   —    Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , and Michigan . No one can say where all this money came from . Recounts will cost up to a million dollars or more for each state . Since she began Stein’s Green Party recount effort , Stein has claimed she may Stein’s Green Party the campaign to even more states . But thus far she has Stein’s Green Party an official petition only in Wisconsin . The state ’s election board has noted that it will The state’s election board ahead with a recount if Stein comes Stein with the cost up front . Many question the actual purpose of the recount a recount few experts imagine that it will change the results of the November 8 election . Pollster and political strategist Pat Caddell told Breitbart News’ Matt Boyle that the recount was a recount than an effort to undermine the legitimacy of the forthcoming Trump administration . There have been no reports of hacking or any other major irregularities during the election to justify the November 8 election , but    Donald Trump has noted that if the illegal votes of millions of undocumented aliens were eliminated , we might just find that he won the popular vote   Donald Trump well as the Electoral College vote . Voter integrity organization True The Vote agrees with Trump the Electoral College vote of illegals   Donald Trump in this past election , having a negative impact on the election . The    group this past election a the Electoral College vote the Vote absolutely supports    Trump ’s recent the Electoral College vote   Donald Trump impact of illegal voting , as reflected in the national popular vote . We are still collecting data and will be for several months , but our intent is to publish a comprehensive study on the We impact of illegal voting in all of its many forms and begin a national discussion on how voters , states , and the Trump Administration can best address this growing problem . Meanwhile , during the campaign for president , Hillary Clinton slammed Trump for saying that he might not accept the outcome of the election if he lost . She called such an idea a " he threat to Hillary Clinton democracy . " Donald Trump refused to say that he ’d respect the Trump for this election . That ’s Trump for direct threat to our democracy the election —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) October our democracy 2016 ,   Yet , now Clinton said she would join the recount effort in direct contravention of her claim that Clinton was    to doubt the results of an election Clinton Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 