  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign is warning Americans of a future in which Donald Trump is in control of the US ’s nuclear arsenal in a new ad featuring a former nuclear missile launch officer . The    ad , which is running on national cable TV and in six battleground states , according to a Hillary Clinton’s official , marks Hillary Clinton’s campaign ’s most direct warning yet to voters that Trump Donald Trump too erratic to be     and could endanger the country and the world ’s safety and security as president . It The   ad, which is running on national cable TV and in six battleground states, according to a Clinton official an image of a missile inside a silo as an alarm sounds in the background . The ad , entitled " Silo , " splices the first person testimonial of a former nuclear missile launch officer with comments Trump Donald Trump made , including saying he a former nuclear missile launch officer to " bomb the      out of " ISIS , wanting to be " unpredictable " and declaring : " I love war . " It was put together before The Washington Post published a bombshell story on stunningly demeaning comments Trump Donald Trump about women in 2005 . In the ad , former Air Force officer Bruce Blair , who is now an arms control scholar at Princeton University , reflects on his a former nuclear missile launch officer as a launch officer controlling intercontinental ballistic missiles . " If the president gave the order we had to launch the intercontinental ballistic missiles That would be it . I prayed that call would never come , " Blair says in the the ad " Self control may be all that keeps these missiles from intercontinental ballistic missiles " An alarm roars and a countdown clock then sounds revealing a missile in an apparent nuclear silo , before the ad pivots to footage of Trump : " I would bomb the      out of ’em , " Trump says . " Trump want to be unpredictable . " " I love war , " the Republican nominee says in a third clip . The ad the ad back to Blair , who offers a final warning : " The thought of Donald Trump with nuclear weapons Trump to death . It should scare the ad . " The Trump campaign did not immediately respond Trump a request for comment . The ad will the ad the battleground states of Florida , Iowa , Nevada , North Carolina , Ohio and Pennsylvania , in addition to time on national cable TV , a Clinton campaign official told CNN . The TV spot evoked the infamous " Daisy " ad President Lyndon Johnson ran against 1964 Republican nominee Barry Goldwater , which featured a little girl counting down petals on a daisy before a man ’s voice counts down to a nuclear explosion , featuring a mushroom cloud . The ad is also similar to the Clinton campaign ’s " Just One " Clinton the Clinton campaign aired in August which also Clinton that Trump was not stable enough to be president and included similar clips of Trump to those used in the latest Trump . Priorities USA , a    super PAC , also ran an ad last month that included Trump ’s past comments about being willing Trump nuclear weapons that finished on the message : " Donald Trump . Dangerous . Unfit to be President . " 
 