Actor Jeff Bridges endorsed Democratic presumptive presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and blasted the " shocking " candidacy of presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump in a recent interview . [ In an interview with the Daily Beast , Actor Jeff Bridges said Actor Jeff Bridges ’s " fascinated " by the GOP White House hopeful , but was quick to add that Actor Jeff Bridges does n’t " dig Trump or follow what Actor Jeff Bridges has to say . "   Instead , the     Big Leboswki star said the    Big Leboswki star ’s a " Hillary supporter . " " I do n’t go the Trump way , " Actor Jeff Bridges told the Daily Beast . The actor , who also the runs the No Kid Hungry campaign , a charity fighting to end child hunger in America , said it ’s " it ’s it shocking and like being splashed with cold water to see what America is America like . " " As an actor , I like playing the underbelly of our society and seeing our darker our , " he told an actor outlet . " We have our lot of fear in this country America fear can motivate us to do our frightening things   —    as it ’s done in other countries as well . " Meanwhile , Bridges said that it is " Bridges " that America is gearing up to nominate its first female America candidate . " Culturally , we can benefit by bringing women into the mix . We ’ve had our patriarchal thing going on for long enough , " he told the Beast . " Women are so , maybe this is just a male perspective , but for my money , they ’re so Women to life in a way that men are n’t . They ’re able men give birth , have children , and it ’s literally a part of them . They children have men stronger capacity for caring than males . " The    actor frequently weighs in on politics . In 2011 , Bridges appeared on CNN and said " Obama ’s the man . " Four months earlier , the actor said The   actor " a The   actor of faith " in Obama , who he said is doing The   actor as best he can " doing The   actor the toughest job in the world . " In 2012 , Bridges attended both the Republican and Democratic national conventions in an effort to campaign to end childhood hunger . He performed with his The   actor Jeff Bridges The   actor The Abiders at CarolinaFest , which was part of the 2012 Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 