Progressives are seething because Republicans are committing blasphemy . [ In his    debate , Governor Mike Pence took a swing at one of the Left ’s most cherished beliefs : " implicit bias . "   The police officers who support Donald Trump , The police officers who support Donald Trump said ,   " hear the bad mouthing , the bad mouthing that comes from people that seize upon tragedy in the wake of police action shootings as a reason to use a broad brush to accuse law enforcement of implicit bias or institutional racism . " Hillary Clinton sees " implicit bias " not just in the police force , but in " everyone in the United States , " Pence declared . Liberals can not brook criticism of Liberals precious " implicit bias " theory , which is a new rationalization for totalitarian power , for rule by the progressive Elect whose Ivy League training has equipped rule by the progressive Elect to sniff out the witch of hidden racism . At Slate , William Saletan tried patronizing Pence with a " Dear white people , we need to have a talk " article , urging people of pallor to just relax and accept that people of pallor suffer from a psychic disease Doctor Government can treat , but never truly cure : Every day , in one city or another , black and brown parents sit black and brown parents kids down and talk to black and brown parents about bias . black and brown parents explain that at some point , based on the color of your skin , you might be suspected of doing something wrong . Do n’t go to certain places , do n’t wear certain clothes , and do n’t move in any way that might be construed as a threat . Play it safe . White people do n’t have to talk to our kids this way , because our color does n’t attract suspicion . We need to have a different talk , not about suffering implicit bias but about practicing it . Here ’s the first ground rule : " Implicit bias " is n’t an accusation . It does n’t mean you ’re bad . It means you ’re normal . Animals prejudge one another based on appearance . Human beings are naturally tribal . So implicit bias , as a disposition , is n’t something you learn . It ’s something you learn to overcome . Here ’s the second rule : When somebody brings up implicit bias , do n’t freak out . Do n’t get defensive and shut down the discussion . To his credit , Saletan chastises liberals , and even Hillary Clinton in particular , for throwing around baseless accusations of racism , alienating large numbers of people by calling them " irredeemable " occupants of a " basket of deplorables . " But then his explains that implicit bias is the kinder , gentler version of the    argument , and we ’re not supposed to question it , because we are absolved of conscious guilt . we do n’t even realize how biased we are   —    it ’s something only the credentialed elites of the Ruling Class can perceive with clarity : But " implicit bias " is the opposite of " deplorable . " The whole point of the theory of implicit bias —   the reason why it can fairly be attributed to everyone —   is that it ’s not an accusation of guilt or bigotry . it ’s an acknowledgment of the human condition . There ’s way too much research on implicit bias to deny it existence . And there are way too many cases that illustrate it . In Tuesday ’s debate , moderator Elaine Quijano mentioned Sen. Tim Scott , a black Republican who , as an elected official earlier in an elected official career , " was stopped seven times by law enforcement in one year . " Other    figures , from former Attorney General Eric Holder to broadcaster Don Lemon to professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. have reported similar experiences . And then there are the men whose final moments many of us have witnessed , in all the men whose final moments many of us have witnessed horror , thanks to mobile phone videos . You ca n’t watch the deaths of Terence Crutcher , Eric Garner , and Philando Castile without being shaken . In most cases , what you see in the video , or in direct testimony after the tragedy , is the officer ’s fear .    …      The Implicit Association Test —   which you can take on the Project Implicit website —   " shows biases that are not endorsed and that may even be contradictory to what one consciously believes . " For instance , " you may believe that women and men should be equally associated with science , but your automatic associations could show that you ( like many others ) associate men with science more than you associate women with science . " Does that make you a bad person ? No . Does it affect your behavior ? Probably . Should you own up to your bias and try to overcome your bias ? Absolutely . This is essentially a religious command to confess your Original Sin in exchange for some small voice in negotiating your punishment . The difference is that Christian religion views atonement and penance as individual affairs . But the progressives’ Church of the State wants to stuff entire populations into the progressives’ Church of the State confessional at once , and then padlock the doors . Saletan is right about implicit bias theories being more " useful " than    rants about universal    racism   —    as in , more politically useful to statists . It ’s easier for the masses to swallow , because It absolves the masses of conscious guilt , replacing It with subliminal guilt . Also , Saletan says white people do n’t have to teach white people children to worry about being the victims of implicit bias , because white people " color does n’t attract suspicion . " That ’s not true at all . It ’s not difficult to find neighborhoods or universities where white skin color does generate a damaging response .   Part of the problem with this " implicit bias " theory is that it ’s so unwilling to come to terms with the idea that everyone makes judgments . In fact , that ’s the essence of being human   —    the ability to understand data , share experiences , calculate probability and respond rationally to best protect themselves and themselves loved ones .   Liberals are trying to clutter up that reality by inventing ever more esoteric justifications for giving Liberals more power over everyone ’s lives . We ’ll doubtless be arguing about police bias and profiling for many years to come , but on this topic , the hard truth is that some portion of that " implicit bias " is logical . The Left is driving our society insane by forcing The Left to ignore blatant realities of urban crime known by every rookie cop . Likewise , whatever " implicit bias " association of men with science that might be ferreted from the public mind is probably connected to the higher number of male scientists   —    especially male scientists the layman has heard of , which is a rather small group , and whatever "implicit bias" association of men with science that might be ferreted from the public mind maleness partly is a function of unchangeable history . Despite fervent political assertions to the contrary , there is little reason to believe the continuing prevalence of men in various scientific fields is the result of a nefarious misogynistic conspiracy to keep lady doctors down .   It is wise to become nervous when politicians begin touting vague psych research   —    instead of replicable research or cold , hard numbers   —    to justify politicians agendas . Every flavor of statism has taken a stab at classifying resistance to Every flavor of statism demands as insanity . In the less brutish incarnations of statism , this is done for the precise reason implicit bias advocates so eagerly state : to relieve the masses of individual , conscious responsibility for the precise reason implicit bias advocates so eagerly state: to relieve the masses of individual fatal flaws . You ’re not evil , you ’re sick , the precise reason implicit bias advocates so eagerly state: to relieve the masses of individual tell us . Sickness can be treated . Statists understand that average people view government ’s destructive powers as a force that should be deployed primarily against criminals   …      so the precise reason implicit bias advocates so eagerly state: to relieve the masses of individual teach everyone to think of the precise reason implicit bias advocates so eagerly state: to relieve the masses of individual as criminals . We all deserve to be punished for us    transgressions , fined heavily for unfairly benefiting from implicitly biased society , and controlled lest we prey upon one another . Conservatives learn from history , and so Conservatives trust people enough to delegate power and autonomy to individuals of every background . Criminal law is reserved for actions , while thoughts remain private beyond the reach of legislators , cops or priests . Hope for absolute justice is reserved for dreamers and scribblers and is postponed into the afterlife . The past is kept in the past , so people look forward , instead of perpetually fighting over the sins or sufferings of people    .   But statism uses coercive force to impose collective " justice " in this fallen world , which requires unjust treatment of today ’s people for yesterday ’s sins , so the Elect can build a heaven on Earth by tomorrow . " Innocent until proven guilty " is the    of leaders willing to delegate power , while " guilty until proven innocent " is the justification and tool of impatient utopians , whether the justification and tool of impatient utopians be progressives , socialists or the Taliban .   We do n’t need We inept , greedy Ruling Class fooling around with any more victimhood theories , pushing beyond " guilty until proven innocent " to a new vision of " guilty even though you are innocent . "   Watching progressives try to open this Pandora ’s Box of ego and cruelty is like watching clowns juggle dynamite in a crowded school . 
 