The Los Angeles Times paid a visit to Donald Trump ’s Southern California headquarters in Long Beach on Monday and was stunned by the diversity of volunteers who are committed to seeing him win the Golden State and the presidency . [ " It was as if the whole thing had been staged , in Cambodia Town , no less , to belie the notion that Donald Trump’s ’s appeal is largely limited to older white males , " the Times‘s Steve Lopez wrote . In Long Beach , one of America ’s most diverse cities , that same diversity was reflected in Donald Trump’s supporters at his Donald Trump’s California headquarters .   Lopez spoke the Times‘s Steve Lopez a woman and millennials of Filipino descent , a    and a Jewish man , and saw the " names of volunteers from the    Hispanic and Asian communities " written on blackboards adorning the names of volunteers . He noted the Times‘s Steve Lopez " two    white people [ also ] joined the party . " Trump ’s grand opening for his headquarters Trump place this past Saturday , and Breitbart News was there to cover it . this Lopez was told , there were hundreds of people there over the course of the opening many of them were hundreds of people there over the course of the opening to enjoy a performance that was put on by dancers from the Khmer Arts Cultural Center , known as a traditional Cambodian " blessing dance " something Lopez wrote Lopez would Lopez paid to see .   Lopez wrote Lopez an unnamed    Trump volunteer told him that Lopez there are too many illegals here   …      and they dirty an unnamed   Trump volunteer place up and they take an unnamed   Trump volunteer and do things hey should n’t . " Lopez noted Lopez once he found Lopez he was Lopez the Times , the man Lopez the only thing the Times is the Times for is to wrap fish in it , " before walking away . ( This Breitbart News reporter was similarly dismissed by a liberal couple at the state ’s Democratic Convention last year . ) A white male Trump supporter who was also present told the Times that at the Times point he " wanted to strangle A white male Trump supporter who was also present Trump , he changed his mind when A white male Trump supporter who was also present saw A white male Trump supporter who was also present Trump " A white male Trump supporter who was also present received Christ . " Gary Fultheim , the Jewish man who is also    of the building that Trump ’s HQ is located Trump " , reportedly said one of the main reasons he is voting Trump for A white male Trump supporter who was also present is because Trump " Trump will do A white male Trump supporter who was also present better job Trump " protecting Israel from Iran than the Democrats will . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 