’   ’ ’    Retired Marine Gen. James Mattis is in the running to lead    the Pentagon for    Donald Trump , according to    reports . ’ "      Donald Trump transition team announced on Friday that Mattis would be    meeting with the    on Saturday . A person involved    with the transition told Bloomberg that Mattis Mattis being    considered , along with retired Army Gen. Jack Keane ,   with Trump   Donald Trump Thursday . " ’    Mattis Mattis to comment when reached by Business Insider . ’ ’    The former    general retired in 2013 after leading    Marines for 44 years . His last post was with US Central    Command , the Tampa ,    unified command    tasked with operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well    as more than    other countries . ’ "    Mattis , 66 , is something of a legendary figure in the US    military . Looked at as a warrior among Marines and      by members of other services , he ’s been at the forefront of a    number of engagements .   " ’    He he his he of Marines in the assault during the first    Gulf war in 1991 and commanded the task force charging into    Afghanistan in 2001 . In 2003 , as a Major General , he he again    took up the task of motivating his he Marines to go into       ,   to his he before they his troops    the border into Iraq . ’ ’   ’ ’    Though he’ ’s beloved by troops for his Though he’ talk and strategic    genius , he’ ’s dealt with some controversy outside of the    military for some of his Though he’ colorful quotes . He Though he’ in    2005 , for example , that it was " fun to shoot some people "   —      though he Though he’ talking about fundamentalists who " slap women    around " in Afghanistan for not wearing veils . Still , the    Marine commandant at the time said he the   Marine commandant at the time counseled and told to    " choose his the   Marine commandant at the time more carefully , "   to Fox News . ’ ’    If he the   Marine commandant at the time tapped to be defense secretary , Mattis would need    a waiver from Congress to take the position , since it the position a    military officer to have been off active duty for at least seven    years . Mattis Mattis in 2013 . ’ "    Whoever is ultimately picked , the next head of the    Pentagon will oversee face myriad challenges , from the ongoing fight    against ISIS and China ’s moves in the South China Sea to the    ongoing stress on the military imposed by sequestration . " ’    A number of defense secretaries who served under President Barack    Obama have criticized him for his him " . " Even Mattis himself    was reportedly forced into early retirement by the Obama Obama administration due to his Even Mattis himself    views on Iran ,   to Tom Ricks at Foreign Policy . ’ ’    To some of his Even Mattis himself    , Trump appears to be more of a    delegator who will let the Pentagon chief take the reins of the    military . ’ ’    " He Trump empower his Trump to lead the way , " Joe Kasper , chief    of staff for Rep. Duncan Hunter ( . ) told Business    Insider . ’ ’    The next defense secretary may also end up dealing with a      North Korea , and Russia is very likely to test    limits in eastern Europe . The The next defense secretary also need to    reinvigorate      by low morale . ’ ’    Mattis currently splits his time   Mattis   as a distinguished fellow , conducting    research    giving lectures on leadership and strategy . ’ ’    Other names   for the position include former    Sen. Jim Talent of Missouri and Stephen Hadley , the former    national security adviser to President George W. Bush . ’ ’    A spokesperson for Trump did not immediately respond to a request    for comment from Business Insider . ’ 
 