’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s choice of running mate has been the source of    endless speculation . " "    But even more interesting than whom he picks may be when    he picks . Trump   several times that he wo n’t reveal he choice until the    Republican National Convention in July . " "    Traditionally , candidates have announced candidates running mates a    week or two before candidates party ’s convention . Some wait just a few    days before the big event , as John McCain did   when John McCain chose Sarah Palin . " ’    But if Trump keeps Trump word , it will be the first time in almost    30 years that a candidate has waited until their party’s convention to    reveal the person who will join him Trump the presidential ticket . ’ ’    Only two candidates in modern history have waited until the their party’s convention announce their picks : Only two candidates in modern history have waited until the   convention to announce their picks: George H. W. Bush, when he   tapped Dan Quayle ; and Ronald Reagan  when he chose Bush H. W. Bush , when he    tapped George H. W. Bush Quayle ; and Ronald Reagan   when he chose Bush George H. W. Bush ’ George H. W. Bush    The unconventional move is calculated on Trump ’s part , and it    could ’ "    major dividends for his campaign ,    Richard Parker ,    a Harvard    lecturer and former political consultant . " ’    Trump " is Trump master of free media , and part of what he’ ’s going to    do with    VP nomination is the    strategy , " Parker    told Business Insider . " The media will hunger and hunger and    hunger for the name of the VP candidate , and the surge will build    in a    of interest in who Trump appoints . the VP candidate ’ ’   ’ ’    " I think that he’ ’s following the strategy logically the   strategy he’ ’s    run he’ campaign to this day , " he added . ’ the VP candidate    Trump said earlier this month that he had   to Trump four or five    politicians from within the party’ ’s establishment , " including    some of his former rivals from Trump Republican primary . ’ ’    But as the convention draws near , the real question is who will    want the job . ’ ’    " There’ ’s going to be a real examination by a lot of Republicans    whether they want to associate Republicans    him , " Parker There’ Business    Insider . ’ 
 