  ( CNN ) Rudy Giuliani vigorously defended Rudy Giuliani business ties with foreign governments and the work Rudy Giuliani law firm did for foreign clients and countries in an interview with CNN ’s KFile Friday .   The former New York City mayor is considered a top pick to be    Donald Trump ’s secretary of state , but reports of Rudy Giuliani past consulting work for foreign governments , including in Qatar and Serbia , have raised conflict of interests concerns should Rudy Giuliani be chosen .   In a phone interview with CNN , Rudy Giuliani cast Rudy Giuliani work , which included consulting work on reducing crime in Mexico City , El Salvador , Colombia , Chile , along with helping political candidates in Ukraine and the Dominican Republic , as a qualification to be secretary of state . The former New York City mayor also sought to rebut critics who say that The former New York City mayor consulting and speeches make The former New York City mayor attacks on the Clinton Foundation during the presidential campaign hypocritical . " What I did violated no laws , no regulations , " Giuliani said . " It was a perfectly legal , lawful , thing to do . And also these comparisons to the Clinton Foundation are nuts because I was in private business . I was not —   there ’s no conflict with anything . I ’m not a government official . I ’m ’m private business . And finally , I was n’t selling influence . I was selling my expertise . And the services of my company .   Giuliani Giuliani CNN in response to a story by CNN CNN KFile about his Giuliani work consulting with Serbian politicians once tied to convicted war criminal Slobodan Milošević . Giuliani Giuliani he Giuliani providing development advice to the city of Belgrade . In interviews at the time , Giuliani Giuliani he Giuliani there " to give advice " to Aleksandar Vucic , now the Serbian prime minister , who was running for mayor at the time . Giuliani Giuliani that he Giuliani paid by a London company involved in putting together a plan for economic development in Belgrade Belgrade Press reports at the time cited Vucic Aleksandar Vucic he Giuliani invited Giuliani Giuliani advise him Giuliani   In the interview Friday , Giuliani Giuliani that he Giuliani invited by the London company and that his Giuliani had assessed the offer and determined that they his team provide useful advice to the city . He Giuliani defended the content of his Giuliani .   " I did n’t go in there and give a public relations address , " he Giuliani . " I went there and gave a highly substantive speech on what happens to be one of the areas of knowledge which is perfectly lawful . I do n’t know what it is that I did wrong . Or how you can paint it is as wrong . " " I conducted myself Giuliani a very honorable way . Including a somewhat courageous way , to add , yeah , ’I think you should ’ve been bombed,’ " Giuliani Giuliani said , referring to NATO ’s bombing of Yugoslavia . " How many people go to a city and say , ’I think it was okay you were bombed . You know how often I ’ve done that ? " Giuliani Giuliani cited his Giuliani with Viktor Yushchenko , the former Ukrainian president and foe of Vladimir Putin who was poisoned in 2004 . He Giuliani that when he Giuliani to Ukraine , he Giuliani told that he Giuliani n’t meet with Yushchenko ( Giuliani Giuliani and said he Giuliani n’t meet with Viktor Yanukovych , another former Ukrainian Ukrainian and a Putin Vladimir Putin , but described him Giuliani the interview as " the Viktor that Putin Vladimir Putin or allegedly poisoned " ) . The former mayor said that he The former mayor with Yushchenko Yushchenko .    " I said , ’F*ck you , I ’ll meet with him,’ " he The former mayor . " And I did . And they took away my security and almost did n’t let me out the country . And that ’s before the poor man was poisoned . He the poor man his the poor man have become good friends of mine . And what I am upset about is the attacks on my reputation . " In the conversation , Giuliani often returned to the idea that his Giuliani gave him Giuliani policy knowledge that would be valuable if Trump picks him Giuliani secretary of state , arguing that he Giuliani being unfairly " hit on both ends , " referring to critics who say he Giuliani experience and those who say he Giuliani be hampered by conflicts of interest .   " I know all these governments , " Giuliani Giuliani . " I know the good parts and the bad parts . When I go , I often meet with the Giuliani if I do n’t meet with the prime minister Giuliani with the interior minister and almost Giuliani defense minister . They want my Giuliani I have substantive expertise . They do n’t want my influence , nor did They try to ask me to influence President Obama They would be ridiculous of course or even President Bush . I ’m not seen that way . I ’m not seen as a lobbyist , government influencer . I am seen around the world as an expert on crime reduction , city development , and in a different part of my life an expert on securities law . I do n’t mean securities securities , I mean financial securities law . " Giuliani went on to describe coverage of his consulting work as " totally , totally and Giuliani unfair and without any description of what I actually do . "   " They make try to make it sound like I ’m a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction , terrorism , economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law , " he said . Giuliani defended his work for Middle a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law countries like a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law , a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law he said was a staunch ally of the United a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law at the time and claimed that he never worked for Saudi Arabia , which his a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law law firm Bracewell and Giuliani represented in a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law court cases . Giuliani left a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law firm in January .   " a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law let his former law firm Bracewell and Giuliani Department know that I was doing it , " he said of his work for Qatar . " a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law were supportive a world traveling lobbyist and what I am is a world traveling expert of crime reduction, terrorism, economic development and various aspects of international law and American law that is now becoming international law it . I got paid for the State Department . I did his work for Qatar in the best interests of my country . It was a different Qatar then , Qatar completely allied with the United States Qatar the war against Iraq . " 
 