Washington ( CNN ) Nine people were injured during a protest outside of the residence of the Turkish ambassador in Washington , DC on Tuesday , according to the official Twitter account of Washington , DC fire and EMS department .    About two dozen demonstrators showed up outside of the embassy just hours after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan met with President Donald Trump at the White House . " the White House are protesting ( Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan ) policies in Turkey , in Syria and in Iraq , " said Flint Arthur of Baltimore , Maryland . Arthur Flint Arthur Erdogan Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of breaching police lines and attacking protesters on at least three separate occasions .   A Facebook video captured at the scene shows several protesters covered in blood . " They several protesters they several protesters engage in the same sort of suppression of protest and free speech that they several protesters in in Turkey , " Arthur said . " They several protesters us for a few minutes . .. but we us stayed and continued to protest Erdogan ’s tyrannical regime . " The victims were transported to George Washington University Hospital . The incident came as Trump extended a warm welcome to Erdogan , an    leader who had a strained relationship with the previous US administration . " We ’ve had a great relationship and we We make it even better , " Trump Trump in the Oval Office as he Trump beside Erdogan . " We look forward to having very strong and solid discussions . " Despite Trump Trump greeting to the Turkish leader , the relationship has been strained by the United States’ refusal to extradite a Turkish cleric living in Pennsylvania , whom Erdogan Erdogan for orchestrating a July coup attempt against him Trump And the two countries are at odds over Trump Trump to arm Kurdish militias that are helping in the fight to rout ISIS from its Syrian ISIS in Raqqa . Turkey sees these militias as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , which is considered a terrorist group in the United States , Turkey and Turkey . Turkey , Turkey NATO member , is a vital ally in the fight against ISIS , allowing the United the United States its Incirlik air base the United States the fight against the terror group .   A bipartisan group of lawmakers wrote Trump on Tuesday , asking him to raise the Trump of human rights with Erdogan given the increasing suppression of dissent in his country . They Erdogan the weakening A bipartisan group of lawmakers democratic institutions , stifling of fundamental human rights , mass arrests and civil society restrictions that have been taking place even before a constitutional referendum in April gave Erdogan increased powers and Erdogan his time in office Erdogan But in the meeting , Trump did n’t appear to touch on any of the disagreements , and instead praised Turkey ’s efforts in the war against ISIS and for its fight against internal Turkey attacks . He stressed that the Trump States would " offer our support to Turkey the United States in its Turkey against terrorism Turkey that they would " reinvigorate the United States trade and commercial the United States . " " These are areas where we can rebuild our relationship , " we said . Secretary of Defense James Mattis also met with Turkish Minister of Defense Fikri Işık today at the White House . 
 