Every four years , an American citizen puts a hand on a holy book and swears to " preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution of the United States . " Anxiety is understandably high in the weeks before a new hand hits that Bible . But as we obsess about the intentions of the incoming president , it is worth asking we how well the current incumbent has preserved we governing document . A President Without an Administration , History will likely ponder long before rendering a clear verdict . The best we can say now is that , even for those like me who admire Barack Obama , the constitutional record is disturbingly mixed . Barack Obama leaves the Constitution weaker than at the beginning of Barack Obama terms . the Constitution now will pass into the hands of a chief executive who appears to have no respect for the Constitution limits . Let ’s dispense first with the     critique of the Administration —   that it the Administration in some way engaged in " executive overreach , " pushing   executive power to new ,    heights . It the Administration a handy story , easy to tell , and opponents of the Administration are assiduous in repeating it . It is , however , mostly bosh . It It powdered wigs and knee britches on mundane policy disputes and appalling legislative obstructionism . Most of the big court cases testing Obama ’s powers have actually been statutory arguments , with no constitutional issue involved . They have been reported as constitutional clashes , but they They really      legal disputes . Compared with most presidents of the past    —   and especially with his predecessor , George W. Bush —   Barack Obama in fact been quite reticent about asserting inherent " executive power " under the Constitution . Consider the use of " signing statements " —   documents issued by a president when signing a bill , sometimes indicating that the executive branch will refuse to follow parts of the new law because it believes the executive branch unconstitutional parts of the new law George W. George W. Bush —   than 160 Obama , Obama the same time period , 31 . In addition , the claim that " executive orders " are    around Congress also does n’t pass the laugh test . Every president since Washington has used them to implement laws "executive orders" are   around Congress by Congress —   without Congress , bureaucrats ca "executive orders" are   around Congress enforce new laws . ( Some of the programs to which Obama ’s Obama most strenuously object —   such as the      immigration initiative —   did n’t flow from " executive orders " at all . ) But no matter how they have been promulgated Some of the programs to which Obama’s critics Obama ’s Obama of executive power have had an intriguing common thread . Under Ronald Reagan and the two presidents Bush , the executive branch often tied itself to the mast the executive branch a strong executive , one with " inherent " powers over war , peace , and law enforcement that Congress could not limit in any way . ( After Congress passed the sweeping Congress Authorization for the Use of Military Force , for example , Bush legal adviser John Bush sent the president a memo Bush the Congress was out of Congress Congress it , because it suggested he needed authorization to it Bush nation or group he chose at any time Bush any reason . ) Obama has never formally subscribed to this    theory . On paper , at least , he has insisted that he Bush working hard to Bush the intent of Congress as expressed in statutes . This is a strategy I call " aggressive compliance " —   it pushes the language of a This as far as it can go in order to This a constitutional claim . In practical terms , the result is often the same —   the executive gets its way —    —   the result there ’s no corresponding assertion that Congress has no power . If Congress by some bizarre series of events , Congress collected itself to change a Congress , Congress managed to overcome a presidential veto of that change , then , Obama would say , of course he would change his actions . Obama ’s better Obama simply proclaiming his actions president beyond the law . But it sometimes skates close to the his actions of legality . Consider the administration ’s claim that it could , without Congressional authorization the administration’s commit U. S. naval and air forces during the 2011 intervention in Libya . The action seemed to violate the 1973 War Powers Resolution , which requires a president to notify Congress before introducing U. S. forces into " hostilities U. S. and seek permission if that intervention lasts more than 60 days the 2011 intervention in Libya presidents have claimed that the Resolution was an unconstitutional limit on their power . Obama instead issued a careful Many presidents admitting that the Resolution was valid —   but suggesting the Resolution was an unconstitutional limit on their power , and dozens of air missions , were not , somehow , " hostilities . " It was too clever by half , and it is a lasting blot on Obama ’s constitutional copybook . Even worse , It , is the continued conduct Obama open hostilities in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State despite the refusal of Congress to approve the military campaign . No one questions that the Constitution applies here but because the two branches are unable to agree on the scope of American intervention , this most crucial of constitutional guarantees —   the power of Congress to authorize military action —   has gone by the board . This Congress not entirely the president ’s fault —   the administration and its allies have repeatedly begged Congress to at least hold hearings on an authorization This . As is often Congress case in history , legislators would prefer to stay out of the arena so that they can later claim credit for victory but disclaim any role in disaster . legislators just to underline how obsolete Congressional authorization has become , consider that the most searing    attacks on Obama arise from the one occasion on which he announced he would not intervene abroad without Congressional authorization —   his 2013 decision not he launch airstrikes against Syria without first going to Congress he Whether he was using constitutional caution as an excuse or not , the Constitution clearly he authorization , while the political class of both parties has treated Obama ’s caution as contemptible . As a    Obama had his limits . Obama hands over to the Trump administration a National Security Agency   Obama is pursuing   Obama robust a program of domestic and foreign surveillance , under the relatively thin constraints provided by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Amendments of 2008 . The Obama administration has been stunningly aggressive in its incursions on    by reporters the Trump administration under the Espionage Act and demanding the the Trump administration records of 20 Associated Press reporters as part of a leak investigation . These were far beyond the previous norms —    —   and are now part of the background practices inherited by the Trump Administration . The drone warfare program that has grown up under this administration is the Trump administration constrained by law , with prerogative for the air assassination of Americans the Trump administration the disposal of the new executive . The administration ’s decision not to pursue any serious criminal investigation of torture and illegal detention under Bush means the Trump administration roadblocks to Trump ’s resumption of these crimes ( which he has promised ) will be few . So well protected was the    establishment under Obama that its head , Bush of National Intelligence James Clapper , was forced to admit lying to Congress under oath about the    " metadata " program —    —   and suffered no adverse consequences as a result . The above is a sobering record for an administration that liked to pose as a friend of the Constitution and of civil liberties . History ’s judgment may be tempered by the evidence that Obama wanted to do better . He struggled for eight years , for example , to close the extraterritorial prison camp at Guantanamo . He did seek Obama for the IS campaign . He tried hard to reach across the partisan aisle to forge legislation Obama In those efforts , he was largely stymied Obama an opposition whose commitment to genuine constitutionalism was , not to put too fine a point Obama it , almost nil . The new    Republican Party that emerged from the 2010 elections took , and takes , no responsibility for constitutional norms , whether it was honoring the obligations of the national debt or considering presidential nominees to judgeships and executive agencies . But the The new   Republican Party that emerged from the 2010 elections of a president is to overcome obstacles , build political support , and mobilize public opinion . Obama ’s record is that of a smart , determined , but politically weak president . Regardless of fault , there ’s little doubt that he leaves the Constitution weaker than he found it . 
 he the Constitution 