’Friday 5 p. m. : Congress has taken the   of the Affordable Care Act    ( ACA ) better known as Obamacare . ’ "    Republicans in both the House of Representatives and the Senate    passed a resolution that begins the process of repealing    President Obama ’s signature healthcare law . " ’    The resolution directs members of relevant committees to draft a    repeal bill through the process of repealing    . ’ ’    With   over whether or not to complete the    repeal process before a replacement plan is finalized and    strident Democratic resistance to any repeal of the ACA , it    appears that there is a significant fight ahead over the future    of American healthcare , which could lead the process the   repeal process    long , winding road to Trumpcare . ’ ’   ’ ’      Donald Trump , along with Republican leaders in    Congress , says he’ ’s committed to repealing and replacing    Obamacare with something " . "    Republicans have put forth a variety of different replacement    plans , but it’ ’s unclear what the final version will look like .    And the    to get to the implementation of a replacement could    take many    . ’ ’    Imagine it’ ’s like it’ board game where there are a number of ways    to get to a replacement . One is fast and efficient , another    winding and full of obstacles . We call it " The Road to    Trumpcare , " and we’’ll be updating the game as Congress and the    new administration make their moves . Congress and the   new administration "    The player in our game is a hypothetical Obamacare participant .    We ’ll call our Martha .    ’s a    from Tennessee and     . Martha used the Martha Healthcare . gov platform to    sign up for her insurance two Martha ago and has been reenrolling    every year ; she receives some Martha credits for her premiums since Martha she makes roughly Martha 45 , 000 a year . " ’    While an   get their health insurance an  get their health insurance from   employers or a   program like Medicare or   Medicaid    employers or a    program like Medicare or    Medicaid , Martha is   Martha signed up for an      plan for 2017 .   according to the Department of    Health and Human Services , also receive subsidies for their    coverage Health and Human Services ’ "    Martha is Martha Martha that there are   and   but she is glad to Martha coverage    because she has Crohn ’s Martha , which could have . " ’    To get a better understanding of what a     could    mean to someone such as Martha , here are the four major scenarios    for how lawmakers can address or not address the future of    Obamacare . ’ ’   ’ ’    The fastest and least disruptive path for Republicans to follow    would be to repeal Obamacare and advance a   Obamacare bill at    the same time    ’ ’    The GOP could use a procedure   in the Senate to strip away    most of the    of Obamacare , specifically those   Obamacare cost    the government money    without the need for a single Democrat    vote . Then , simultaneously , Republicans would need to go through    typical lawmaking to    a replacement bill and create some sort    of new exchanges . ’ ’    House Speaker Ryan and   both seemed to favor this option . In fact , Ryan    told CNN that some of the repeal and replace measures   ’ ’ associate director for the Program for the Study of    Health Reform and Private Insurance at the nonpartisan health    think tank Kaiser Family Foundation , this would be the ideal    option for patients in the event of a repeal . ’ ’    " This would provide both insurers and patients a clear picture of    what’ ’s going to happen fairly quickly , which would prevent    disruptions to the    , " said Cox . " Though , a lot of this    depends on the replacement bill that the Republicans come up    with . " ’ "    This would likely be the least disruptive for Martha ’s coverage    since it would ensure that there would be no period in which the    exchanges that she uses are not Martha or have no federal    support . For one thing , as long as Martha reenrolls in her Martha    during Martha current    period , she will have    Martha through 2017    " ’    A quick replacement could be in place for the 2018 plan year , and    depending on what the replacement is , Martha may not notice Martha    effect on her    at all Martha ’ "    A lot of this hinges on the details of the Republicans’ plan .    Since Martha receives subsidies to Martha cover the costs of her    plan , Martha number of the   could affect how    much she receives    Additionally Martha a number of plans would   which are separate markets    reserved just for people with preexisting conditions .   and generally had    astronomically high costs    limited utilization . " "    The other issue is that any change to the law may be rejected by    Democrats . If Republicans want to make any larger changes outside    the budget process    would need Democrats Republicans    board .      , if even a few    Republicans in the Senate do n’t like the replacement , that could    sidetrack the process    If the budget process they would need Democrats on   board moves ahead with the repeal    while Democrats object to changes to the law , it could make the    the law that Martha is on even more winding . " ’   ’ ’    One of the first scenarios floated by Republicans was a partial    repeal of the law under what is the law reconciliation   —      delaying   so that Republicans can craft a full    replacement bill . This would pass a law that says the ACA will be    repealed in the future ,   effectively delaying    the end of the ACA . ’ ’    the ACA , this allows GOP lawmakers to advance the political    goal of repeal while giving enough time to develop a    comprehensive plan for replacement . The exchanges set up by    Obamacare could be intact , meaning that the more than   would still be    covered , while Republicans devise a plan that would replace the    ACA and keep these people covered , as numerous GOP lawmakers have    promised . ’ ’    Since the delay aspect could stretch the replacement process out    up to four years , this would allow the GOP time to build a    consensus GOP a replacement . It    also be politically    beneficial this it would push the repeal out past    2018    midterms or 2020 presidential election . ’ ’    Republicans could avoid political fallout if the replacement plan    falls short of expectations , and they could build a larger    majority Republicans the Senate to pass the bill without worrying about a    filibuster . ’ ’    According to Cox , while the plan sounds good , there are the replacement plan       problems that could arise with this strategy . ’ ’    " Depending on the parts of the law that are repealed through the    reconciliation process , you could see destabilization in the    individual insurance market , " Cox told Business Insider . ’ ’    Cox to Cox , without an individual mandate for people Cox    sign up for insurance , there would be significant numbers of    younger people leaving the individual market ,    would lead to    a pool of even older and sicker people in the exchanges . ’ ’    In a    scenario , this would lead to a . Businesses    hate uncertainty , so it is likely that with the exchanges ’’    futures in doubt , insurance companies would simply pull out    completely .   and    not renew their policies , leaving only    sickest patients in    the marketplace causing , as Cox called    , " a real death Cox , "    repeating the turn of phrase used by Republicans to describe    Obamacare’ ’s growing issues . ’ ’    Also , by leaving just the sickest Americans in these exchanges ,    premiums for those who remain behind would be much higher than    the current increases . ’ ’    " If the individual mandate were to be repealed without    countermeasures , it would cause very large increases in the the individual mandate    of premiums , " Cox said . " These increases would make Cox we’’ve    seen very large increases in the cost   of premiums market so far look small . " ’ ’    There are , of course , ways to mitigate this . For one , Republicans    could extend and enhance certain Republicans called reinsurance and    risk corridors , which help to provide money for insurers that    take on a higher percentage of sick patients . This would help    decrease the large losses some insurers are reporting and    possibly inspire more companies to offer plans on the    . ’ ’    Many GOP lawmakers , however , have referred GOP   so that may be politically    untenable . ’ "    This plan takes her down our game ’s long and winding road ,       of stops and starts and pitfalls along with way . As debates over    the repeal continue , Martha could be the repeal a car she has no    Martha over , stalled out and awaiting updates about her    coverage . Martha process could take years . " ’    Republicans the   reconciliation process reconciliation , would have options to pull    funding for the law in a few different ways while crafting a    replacement . They could simply roll back the taxes associated    with the law ’   Republicans, through reconciliation they could also repeal the individual mandate that    the law have ’   Republicans, through reconciliation buy insurance , or they could pull all funding    including subsidies people like Martha get ’   Republicans, through reconciliation eliminate Martha    expansion . All these would create a different level of disruption    to the market . ’ "    In the    scenario for Martha the market individual Martha is    maintained to ensure stability of the individual market until    some other plan is proposed . While Martha does n’t see Martha    premiums or Martha shrink , nothing goes too awry . Also ,    lawmakers provide enough assurances to insurers that they stay in    the market    preventing a    situation in Martha ’s insurers market Martha    . " ’    In       scenario , these four factors go the opposite    way . Insurers , facing the uncertainty of the next two to four    years , decide to exit the markets leaving Martha with just one Martha    even no choices for coverage . With only a small penalty , people    healthier than Martha leave the exchanges Martha which leads to an even    sicker group of people being covered by the exchanges and higher    prices for Martha . The " Martha spiral " predicted by GOP lawmakers    for Obamacare truly does GOP in and prices   Obamacare to astronomical    levels , well above projections made before the passing of the    law . Concerned that allowing a lapse in her coverage could cause Martha her to be denied Martha in a replacement because of her    preexisting condition Martha Martha sticks with the Martha more expensive    coverage ’ ’   ’ ’    A third option for ACA changes would be to simply pass a few    bills that make minor but needed adjustments to the law    without a    repeal . ’ ’    Democrats may be more the   law option . They have long    pushed for reforms to the ACA , recognizing the increasing A third option for ACA changes costs . Democrats ideas floated    Democrats have been to ACA premium subsidies , strengthen the penalty for not enrolling , and    provide more assistance to insurers that take on a larger number    of sick patients . ’ ’    This would leave a majority of the framework of the law   —      Medicaid expansion , the exchanges , and the statutory aspect   —      while providing tweaks to encourage younger , healthier people to    sign up and balance the market . ’ "    Politically this may be tough for Republicans since the market made    ACA repeal a talking point in elections for the better part of a    decade , Republicans if there were enough    concession it could    placate this worry . " ’    Essentially , Martha would see few Martha in her healthcare    The    exchanges would still be intact and all the provisions protecting    her care would also Martha in place . There may be some positive    changes , new provisions could bring down various costs , or    another insurer may be available in her area , but Martha much else . ’ ’   ’ ’    A final , though perhaps least likely option , would be for    Republicans to simply repeal the bill and not worry about    replacement . ’ the bill After running against the    for so long , the GOP could just    the bill    it a disaster the GOP making small the GOP along the    way but not introducing a    replacement . ’ ’    This seems the least likely of the options , however , since    Republicans have repeatedly said that they want to ensure    continuing coverage and uphold the popular parts of Obamacare .    Also , the political blowback   Obamacare those Republicans coverage would be    significant . ’ ’    Martha would likely lose Martha    of coverage come 2018 and be    back to the       . She could try to Martha health    insurance through the individual health insurance market , but    with a preexisting condition there is no guarantee she could get    Martha to coverage . ’ ’    She could hope    Martha state implements a Martha pool , where    higher risk    can get catastrophic insurance that covers    the    scenarios , but these plans are incredibly    expensive and few people chose to access the pools when they did    exist   . ’ ’    This , in many ways , would be the    scenario for Martha . these plans ’ Martha In terms of ’ ’    there are few choices for Democrats to    block moves on the law made by Republicans . ’ ’    Obviously , unless there is a change to the rules    Senate    Democrats could filibuster any statutory changes to the ACA the Senate Outside of that , it appears that they simply have to influence    the Republican agenda . ’ "      ACA potent for Democrats would be to use Republicans’    repeal against them Senate   Democrats Some of the highest rates of utilization for    ACA plans come from heavily Republican areas , and waging a      campaign to get the Democrats base to push    back on any   ACA the bill , the Democrats may have a way to    get at least the bill what they want . " ’ while vehemently    opposing a repeal of the ACA , Senate   Democrats willing to work with    Republicans    find some way to keep various Senate   Democrats of the law in a       bill   ACA ’    " If it makes sense , I think there’’ll be a lot of Democrats who    would be for it , " Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill told Politico . ’ ’    Whether Democrats go along with a replacement may come down to    the amount of influence they can exert over the law . ’ "    For ’ ’    in our Martha , is hurtling down the road in her    car . Martha does n’t like Martha Democrats costs but wants the law her    coverage . Martha ’    What turns The Road to Trumpcare takes are , for now , unknown , but    more than 20 million real Americans are waiting anxiously to find    out . ’ 
 ’ "   For now Martha    