Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump believes former President Barack Obama has been behind the leaks within President Donald Trump administration and the sizable , angry town hall crowds Republicans have faced across the country . President Donald Trump was asked in an interview on Fox News’ " Fox and Friends " if President Donald Trump believed former President Barack Obama was responsible for the town hall protests against Republicans this month .   " It turns out President Donald Trump organization seems to do a lot of these organizing to some of the protests that these Republicans are seeing around the country against you . Do you believe former President Barack Obama is behind it and if he former President Barack Obama , is that a violation of the    unsaid presidents’ code ? " Trump was asked . " No , I think he Trump behind it it I also think it it politics , that ’s the way it is , " Trump Trump . Trump Trump discussed the leaks that have disrupted his Trump month in office . " You never know what ’s exactly happening behind the scenes . You know , you ’re probably right or possibly right , but you never know , " Trump Trump in the interview , a clip of which was released Monday night . " No , I think that President Obama is behind it because his President Obama are certainly behind it it And some of the the leaks that have disrupted his first month in office come from that group , which are really serious because they are some of the leaks bad in terms of national security . But I also understand that is politics . In terms of him being President Obama things , that ’s politics . And it will probably continue . " Trump did not offer any evidence for his claim Trump the clip released by Fox Monday night . CNN has reached out to Obama ’s office for comment . White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders declined to expand Tuesday on Trump ’s Trump Obama was behind Obama protests , telling reporters that she would let White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders comments stand by themselves .   When asked if the White House White House behind Obama protests , Sanders added the protests I White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders the bottom line here is we all have condemned the protests . I think that the protests bigger story here , and the focus we should be talking about that this we all n’t something that helps and moves us forward and that is what we we all focused on right now . we all A broad coalition of groups , including Organizing For Action , the SEIU , MoveOn . org and the Center for American Progress have been working to help with grassroots organizing around GOP town halls . Organizing for Action , the group formed Organizing For Action campaign organization , has 14 professional organizers Trump who are involved in teaching local activists skills to effectively vocalize opposition to the GOP ’s top agenda items . Earlier this month GOP Trump told Fox News that reports of his calls with the leaders of Mexico and Australia were caused by Trump from " Obama people . " Trump ’s administration has been beset by leaks within his administration to Trump , and he has continually railed against those Trump the leaking and the media since Trump office . He has said the leaks are damaging the media security . Approval ratings Trump the President leaks within his administration to the media performance have been at historic lows . A recent Quinnipiac University survey found that 55 % of American voters disapprove of Trump ’s performance . But the President said he would give himself an " A " in achievement but in the President’s " C the President’s C plus the President’s " " In terms of messaging , I would give myself a C or a C plus , " Trump said . " In terms of the President’s I think I ’d give myself an A. Trump I ’ve done great things , but I do n’t think we the President’s explained it well enough to the American people . " The President also gave himself an " A " for " effort . " 
 The President 