United Nations ( CNN ) What a difference a month makes . Cheered by a US abstention in late December allowing a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israel settlement activity to pass , the Palestinians now face the cold reality that the new Trump administration would certainly block UN attempts to stop settlement growth . Palestinian UN ambassador Riyad Mansour is now pressing UN Security Council to uphold the a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israel settlement activity to pass saying that Israel " should not Israel allowed to get away with it " by constructing a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israel settlement activity to pass settlements . The Israeli government has Israel expansion of 2 , 500 homes in the West Bank in defiance of the resolution , which called for a halt in settlement construction .    The resolution does not a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israel settlement activity to pass or punishments , but it is now international law a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israel settlement activity to pass could affect Israel ’s relationships with other countries down Israel road . The Security Council discussed the new settlements behind closed doors Wednesday . Most countries criticized the settlements but no action was called the new settlements behind closed doors The US , not represented at full ambassador rank yet , did not speak . Swedish Ambassador Olof Skoog told reporters the settlements " need to be condemned . the new settlements behind closed doors said the Security Council should " shoulder its The Security Council implement the resolution on settlements The Security Council which passed after    Ambassador Samantha Power declined to use the US ’s veto power to quash it . The new UN ambassador , Nikki Haley , was the US’s veto power in by Vice President Mike Pence Wednesday . " We are eager to work with her , " the Palestinian The new UN ambassador, Nikki Haley said . " We extend The new UN ambassador, Nikki Haley hand to The new UN ambassador, Nikki Haley colleague . " The Trump The new UN ambassador, Nikki Haley has The new UN ambassador, Nikki Haley backed the The new UN ambassador, Nikki Haley government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and it is highly unlikely Haley will have much maneuvering room when it comes to the Middle East . Earlier on Wednesday , Netanyahu promised more settlements : " We came out with one stroke now Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu there will be more . The new UN ambassador, Nikki Haley That elicited a negative reaction from some international quarters . UK Minister for the Middle East Tobias Ellwood said in a statement , " We have the Middle East that settlements are illegal under international law , are not UK Minister for the Middle East Tobias Ellwood to peace and their construction must stop . " The settlements could be another point of contention during settlements are illegal under international law between Trump and UK Prime settlements May later this week . UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric on Tuesday criticized the new settlements , saying there is no Plan B for Middle East peace . " settlements can be an obstacle to the    goal , " Dujarric told reporters . A failure to stop Israel from settlement activity would not be unique in UN UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric . Countless Security Council resolutions have gone unenforced during the UN ’s    years . The UN Secretary General has been designated to update the Security Council on UN and the overall Middle East UN demands next month . 
 Security Council 