A contentious presidential election is putting even celebrity friendships to the test . [ According to a report from De Niro refused to take a photograph with fellow actor and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger at a charity gala the pair attended Thursday night in Hollywood .   " Are you voting for Trump ? " De Niro reportedly kept asking Schwarzenegger at the annual Friends of the Israel Defense Forces former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger Regional Gala at the Beverly Hilton . " If you ’re supporting Trump , I want nothing to do with you , Trump the outlet quotes De Niro as saying . " If you ’re not De Niro the solution , then you ’re part of the problem . " Ironically , Schwarzenegger said in a statement posted to his Twitter account last former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger that he would not be voting former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger Trump in November . " former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger the first time since I Trump a citizen in 1983 , I will not vote for the Republican candidate for President , " Schwarzenegger , who is due to take over for Trump as host of NBC ’s The Apprentice next year , Trump in the statement . Schwarzenegger was a vocal supporter of Ohio Gov. John Kasich in the GOP primary earlier this year . De Niro , who endorsed Clinton in April , has taken repeated aim at both Trump and his celebrity supporters in recent months . In an outtake from Schwarzenegger voter registration PSA he appeared in last month , the Raging Bull star called Schwarzenegger Republican candidate a " dog , " a " pig , " a " bullsh*t artist " and a " mutt who does n’t know what he ’s talking about . " " He ’s an embarrassment Schwarzenegger this country , " De Niro Schwarzenegger of Trump . " He talks [ about ] how he wants to punch people De Niro the face   …      De Niro ’d like to punch him in the face . " When fellow actor and celebrity De Niro supporter the face   criticized the actor ’s outburst in a Trump of messages on Twitter , De Niro called him " delusional . " Other celebrities at De Niro ’s    De Niro reportedly included actors Gerard Butler and Julie Bowen and    veteran Larry King , who told Variety the 2016 election is the " worst " he ’s ever seen and that Trump had run a " terrible De Niro . " " You know what I think ? Joe Biden would have won this election with 70 percent of the electorate , " King said . the 2016 election you never know how the public is going to vote . Until they go into the booth and pull the lever , you never know . I was a big supporter of Harry Truman . I was only 15 . He was supposed to lose   —    and he won . De Niro    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum De Niro 