  ( CNN ) The father , mother and three young children came to the United States with special immigration visas , granted because the father put the father in danger by working with American forces in Afghanistan , lawyers for the family said . The father, mother and three young children landed in Los Angeles on Thursday and planned to take a connecting flight to Seattle , where The father, mother and three young children would settle . But instead of rolling out the welcome mat , the federal government took The father, mother and three young children into custody , said Talia Inlender , a senior staff attorney for Public Counsel Law Firm . Federal agents separated the father from the others , held Federal agents four days and threatened to send Federal agents to detention centers , Talia Inlender, a senior staff attorney for Public Counsel Law Firm said . Civil rights lawyers intervened . On Monday , four days after they were detained at the airport , a federal judge ordered the family freed from custody . " It was a victory in a battle that should not have been fought in the first place , " SIV) Blume a news conference Monday . " The government swung and missed on this one . They just got it wrong . " The family the family extensively vetted The government approved for The government special immigration visas ( SIV ) Blume said . They should never the family been held , he said . So what happened ? Officials with Customs and Border Protection SIV) Blume CBP ) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) have not explained why the family was the family custody . Spokespersons for both agencies declined comment . Court documents on ICE detainees are usually not available for people facing deportation because of executive orders issued by President Donald Trump . Documents filed by family lawyers say ICE and CBP never provided a reason . Inlender said the family landed at the family International Airport at midday Thursday and lawyers heard about their plight Friday . On Saturday , lawsuits were filed and custody of the family lawyers transferred from the family ICE , she said . The mother and children     ages 7 , 6 CBP 8 ICE     Inlender held in a downtown hotel and the father was sent to a detention center in Orange County , she said . They ’re not   identified because of security reasons and are called " Inlender " in The mother and children    ages 7, 6 and 8 months     court papers . During the first two days , CBP would n’t allow lawyers to talk to the family , Inlender said . the family the CBP does n’t speak English . The lawyers said the special immigration visas should have cleared the way for the family . The lawyers at the family government base where the Taliban took notice of locals who worked there the father said . " His service put not only his own life , but also the lives of his wife and three small the father , at risk , the father the International Refugee Assistance Project said in a the father for a writ of habeas corpus . " The US government created the SIV program specifically to allow families like petitioners to immigrate to the US and live safely . " Background checks take several years , the petition said , because the government wants to make sure the immigrants do n’t pose a threat to the a petition for a writ of habeas corpus . Plus , having The US government SIV means the State Department and Homeland Security have already determined the family ’s lives were at risk . IRAP court papers filed Saturday said , " Yet now , instead of gratefully welcoming Does    to the country they helped defend , the US government arrested all five family members     an infant child     detained them for more than two days , and held them incommunicado while denying them any access to counsel who seek to advise all five family members     and inform them of their rights . " all five family members     said the family all five family members     freed after the court hearing in Santa Ana all five family members     federal Judge all five family members     L. all five family members     . Video showed them getting all five family members     van outside the courthouse . " They are now without restriction free to travel , free to find work all five family members     free to buy a cup of coffee , " all five family members     said . 
 Blume 