In a 2014 speech at his old high school in Rhode Island , Sean Spicer laid out Sean Spicer personal guidelines for success . Rule No . 4 : Take responsibility when you mess up , and you will be rewarded . " I make mistakes everyone does , " Mr. Spicer , now the White House press secretary , told his audience . " How you handle those mistakes is what makes the difference in life . " This week , Sean Spicer is trying to take his Sean Spicer advice . One day after he Sean Spicer a stunner of a gaffe from the the White House   —    favorably comparing Hitler to President Bashar    of Syria , then clumsily referring to Nazi death camps as " Holocaust centers "   —    Mr. Spicer gave an abject apology on Wednesday , saying , " It really is painful to myself to know Mr. Spicer I did something like that . " " I made a mistake there ’s no other way to say it , " a mistake Spicer said Mr. Spicer face taut , Mr. Spicer a scheduled interview in Washington . " I got into a topic that I should n’t have , and I screwed up . " Facing a national outcry that included calls for his resignation , Mr. Spicer offered no Mr. Spicer describing his remarks as " inexcusable Mr. Spicer reprehensible " and acknowledging that the timing   —    during Passover and the Christian Holy Week   —    " compounds that kind of mistake . " " On both a personal and professional level , yesterday was not a very good day in my history , " he told the MSNBC anchor Mr. Spicer Van Susteren . His appearance , at a Mr. Spicer sponsored by the Newseum , was broadcast live by CNN and MSNBC , just one sign of the intense interest in the press secretary ’s remarks . Mr. Spicer , whose tenure as President Trump ’s chief spokesman has made him a television sensation and Mr. Spicer punch line , calls himself his own worst critic Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer while he said " it ’s Mr. Spicer honor " to serve as press secretary , he also marveled to Ms. Mr. Spicer Susteren about the level of scrutiny that the role entails . " No matter what you do , what you wear , it gets amplified to a degree that you could n’t imagine , " Mr. Spicer said . ( The fit of his suit and placement of Mr. Spicer lapel pin are just Mr. Spicer of the sartorial scandals he has faced so far Mr. Spicer ) When Ms. Van Susteren moved on Ms. Van Susteren , some of Mr. Spicer ’s usual feistiness resurfaced . Mr. Spicer about the Washington news media ’s Mr. Spicer on palace intrigue over policy , and he repeated his laments about journalists’ reliance on Mr. Spicer sources Mr. Spicer Responding to reporting based on unidentified sources , he said , was like " shooting at Mr. Spicer ghost . " Ms. Van Susteren responded by pointing out that the president often made assertions without providing evidence or the source of his information . Mr. Spicer also criticized the the president House Correspondents’ the president , which the Trump administration is boycotting this year . " I do n’t think that just sitting there and watching a bunch of celebrities walk by is somehow an indication of how much you care about or respect the press or the First Amendment , " he said . But asked by Ms. Van Susteren the president he enjoyed his job , Mr. Spicer responded , the president I the president it . the president I truly do believe it ’s an honor to have this job , " it added . " It is a privilege . And the president you do n’t it it , then you should n’t be here . " it 