ASTON , Pennsylvania   —    Ivanka Trump , the daughter of 2016 Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump , told Breitbart News exclusively here that her father ’s campaign is offering actual solutions for Americans . [ Ivanka Trump is here with her father’s on Tuesday evening to roll out Donald Trump ’s new childcare , dependent care , and maternity leave policies while Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign has spent the day leveling personal , nasty , and negative attacks against Trump Donald Trump    This is the latest in a long line of detailed policy plans that Trump Donald Trump rolled out in recent weeks , from military policy to immigration policy to defense policy to trade policy to economic policy to education policy to national security policy to law and order policy and more . Clinton , meanwhile , can only engage in nasty    without offering actual policy specifics . " One of the great promises of a Trump Donald Trump is bringing new solutions , fresh perspective to the table in a way that unfortunately we have n’t had the benefit of for a very long time , " Ivanka Trump told Breitbart News . " I think this is one more example of that . " Ivanka Trump , who will introduce her father before he her father the policy address here , told Breitbart Breitbart News backstage when she her at the Aston Public Library that childcare is an " incredibly important " issue . She her : Childcare is now the single largest expense of many American families . In over half of the country , it the country actually the single largest expense —   even exceeding the cost of housing —   so it the country clearly an issue that needs to be dealt with . It the country also at the root of wage disparity as increasingly studies are showing even more than gender motherhood is a predictor of wage inequality . So it the country an incredibly important issue and it the country something I ’ve been deeply passionate about for a long time . The policy is innovative , it The policy unique , it The policy    it The policy choice where choice belongs —   which is ultimately with the family —   and it The policy really a comprehensive and     plan . The a comprehensive and    plan as Trump aides detailed for reporters earlier on Tuesday , has multiple facets . While Ivanka and her father Ivanka go more in depth when they take Ivanka and her father stage this evening , she offered Ivanka News a sneak peak at several of the details : One of the major elements is allowing for the cost of child care to be tax deductible for up to four children , and it ’s based on the average cost of child care in that person ’s state . If you do n’t pay taxes , then there ’s an expansion of the existing Earned Income Tax Credit —   so you get an additional refund for that . This is not only for child care but also for dependent care . Women are predominantly caregivers so that ’s why this is most beneficial for women , but it ’s this about helping American families . A second aspect , she noted This is the creation of new Dependent Care Savings Accounts ( DCSAs ) . Ivanka Trump said in her interview This Secondly , there is the creation of a Dependent Care Savings Account ( DCSA ) —   which is effectively like a Healthcare Savings Account ( HSA ) —   to allow people to save    dollars , make contributions , and if you ’re a low income person the government will actually match up to 50 percent of the first $ 1 , 000 contributed with a cap of $ 2 , 000 per year . It rolls over , it can It used for school choice , and it ’s It of an expansion of the school choice program in that this money can be used towards that , it can this money used for adult daycare if you ’re caring for an adult dependent , or for    enrichment activities so it ’s this money great way to incentivize people to save . In addition , Trump aides told reporters earlier , the plan includes up to six weeks of maternity leave for mothers when their employers mothers n’t offer it by the plan the unemployment insurance ( UI ) program . This part of the plan the plan paid for with offsets from the program so the government does n’t raise taxes to pay for it . When This part of the plan if this is a " free market program " in which the goal is to put the power of decision making back in the hands of the parents —   not the hands of the government — the government Trump told Breitbart News , " It is . " She went on : Ivanka Trump cost of childcare has actually soared in this past decade and it ’s become completely The cost of childcare but also not overtly flexible and accessible . So if you go to rural communities , the bias toward institutional care does n’t help you because there ’s no access to institutional daycare centers . So creating a more dynamic , free market for care services and lifting a lot of the regulations and restrictions that are stymying entrepreneurs in that space will be enormously beneficial to everyone and hopefully dramatically bring the cost of childcare The cost of childcare lot more option . But one of the things I ’m very excited about in this plan is that in revising the tax code we ’re going to recognize the hard work being done by stay at home parents who are caregivers and make it a tax neutral decision . It this plan n’t penalize them . It this plan them the recognition home parents who are caregivers and make it a tax neutral decision they this plan for home parents who are caregivers and make it a tax neutral decision very real and home parents who are caregivers and make it a tax neutral decision hard work in the context of their homes —   so in other home parents who are caregivers and make it a tax neutral decision a person can decide if it ’s in the best interest of their family to work or stay at home parents who are caregivers and make it a tax neutral decision and raise their children . When asked to contrast home parents who are caregivers and make it a tax neutral decision father ’s plan with Hillary Clinton ’s proposals on child care , which the Wall Street Journal had written about earlier this year after Hillary Clinton offered up some details in Hillary Clinton’s , Ivanka Trump noted that Clinton has n’t really been specific with the Hillary Clinton’s about her plan . " There has n’t been Hillary Clinton’s lot of detail on the specifics of the plan , so I do n’t know her plan plan is —   I know that it her plan problem that ’s frequently discussed , " her plan Trump said of Hillary Clinton ’s lack Ivanka Trump on childcare Hillary Clinton’s " Few solutions have been proposed . It is why we ’re particularly proud of the fact that we really own this issue and it ’s an issue that ’s we important to many millions of this issue . " 
 