Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is casting Hillary Clinton as an enemy of the LGBT community and women , using Hillary Clinton family foundation ’s acceptance of contributions from Middle Eastern countries with widely reported human rights abuses to hit Donald Trump 2016 presidential rival on the campaign trail .    In the wake of the Orlando massacre of 49 people , Donald Trump cited Clinton Foundation ’s acceptance of up to $ 25 million in contributions from Saudi Arabia ’s government as a sign she is not dedicated to the cause of LGBT Americans . Other Middle Eastern donors to Clinton Foundation’s include Oman , Kuwait , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates .   " She she no friend of women and she she no friend of LGBT Americans . No no friend of women Believe me , " he said no friend of women in Greensboro , North Carolina , while repeating his push no friend of women a ban on Muslims traveling into the United States . " How can you be a friend when you take many , many millions , tens of millions of dollars , $ 25 million from one country they think many, many millions " Trump said . " How can you be a friend when these countries are oppressive to LGBT , when they ’re these countries to everybody ? How can you be a friend ? "   It ’s part of a broader strategy : The Republican National Committee also attacked Clinton in a memo Wednesday . It said It " For years , Hillary Clinton Clinton ripped the human rights records of many Middle Eastern governments , all while her family foundation raked Hillary Clinton’s State Department millions from these same regressive regimes . "   What Trump has n’t mentioned on the campaign trail : He , too , Trump financial ties to some of the same countries . From licensing his name to a Trump club in Dubai to leasing his suburban New York Trump to former Libyan strongman Moammar Gaddafi , Trump has launched several Trump business ventures connected to Middle Eastern countries since 2000 .   Those ties could complicate Trump ’s effort to Trump ’s support with the LGBT community and women by linking her to Middle Eastern countries Clinton have contributed to the Clinton Foundation .   Trump insisted his business ties Trump n’t Trump compared to the Clinton Foundation ’s acceptance the Clinton Foundation " It ’s much different when she is selling our country Trump the tubes with her bad judgment and corrupt Trump process , " he told CNN in a Trump . " I am an international businessman with worldwide relationships and tremendous success and I ’m going to do for the country what I did for my business our country Clinton ’s campaign would not comment on the comparison of Trump ’s business ties and the donations to the former secretary of state ’s family foundation . The human rights abuses of the countries over which Trump has attacked Clinton have been widely reported . Trump Saudi Arabia Clinton homosexuality can be punished by death .   But Trump has business ties to many of those countries Trump well .   RELATED : Donald Trump makes millions in Muslim countries , He Trump first real estate venture into the Middle Trump in Trump , when he licensed his name to United Arab Emirates developer Nahkeel Trump , Trump by Dubai ’s crown prince , Sheik Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum for a massive $ 400 million hotel project . He was accused in 2006 of enslaving tens of thousands Trump boys to use as camel jockeys over three decades . " I am delighted to invest , manage and sell this project on what is clearly the best location in a massive $400 million hotel project " Trump said in a statement when the Dubai was announced .   His deal with the developer a massive $400 million hotel project it the right to use Trump Trump brand in 19 Middle Eastern His deal with the developer .   The hotel was Trump constructed     Nakheel suspended work in 2008 and instead built a park there .   Trump also licensed his name to a golf course project in Dubai Trump though his Trump had been removed from public signage late last year amid his name his comments critical of Muslims . In 2012 , Trump signed a Trump deal worth $ 2 . 5 million , Trump another $ 323 , 000 in management fees with Garant Holding over a hotel in Azerbaijan , along the Caspian Sea , according to his personal financial disclosure . It would be , he promised in Trump 2014 news release , " among the finest Trump the world . "   Garant ’s chairman is Anar Mammadov , a     billionaire whose family is part of the country ’s leadership . The country was identified as the worst place to be gay in Europe the country’s    Rainbow Index , which cited frequent hate crimes .   Already a presidential candidate in August 2015 , Trump incorporated eight companies that used the word " Jeddah "     Saudi Arabia ’s largest city     in their titles , his personal financial disclosures reveal . Four of those companies were Saudi Arabia two months Saudi Arabia’s .   BuzzFeed reported that they were Saudi Arabia to a hotel development there , pointing out that the names for the companies are almost identical to those he used in Azerbaijan .   He also Saudi Arabia ties to Indonesia     where gay BuzzFeed is punishable by public caning BuzzFeed a fine of $ 37 , 400 and more than eight years of prison time .   RELATED : What do Indonesians think of Trump ? Trump Hotels Collection last year partnered with PT Media Nusantara Citra to manage a new hotel and resort development in Bali .   Trump ’s son , Donald Trump Jr. touted that development in a statement at the time Trump seeks " only the most valuable destinations , " The Jakarta Post reported .   Trump has Trump Hotels Collection with Middle Eastern countries , including Saudi Arabia and Libya , within the United States Trump   In 2001 , he sold units in his Trump World Tower in New York City to Saudi Arabia ’s government .   Trump discussing the United Trump military relationship with Saudi Arabia at a May 19 Saudi Arabia New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Trump bragged about apartment deals with Saudi Saudi Arabia   " I have so many friends there , Saudis , they buy my apartments , you would n’t believe it , OK ? " Trump said , to laughter from the crowd so many friends there " Now look , they ’re great , they ’re all great , Trump he said .   Another notable example : Trump ’s deal with so many friends there in 2009 , so many friends there years before Gaddafi ’s death Trump   Set to address the United Nations Trump Assembly in New York for the first time , Gaddafi Gaddafi a property to pitch a large tent . Turned away by New York City and New Jersey officials , Libya Gaddafi Trump ’s Seven Springs estate in Bedford .   Trump recalled that deal , bragging about it in an interview with CBS’ " Face the Nation " this month .   " Trump’s made a lot of money with that deal , if you remember , " Trump said . " He came to the country and he had to make a deal with me because he needed a place Trump’s stay . " Trump’s Bedford officials Libya the rental Trump’s stopping work on the tent and Trump’s the Trump’s of a permit to build one .   " He paid me a fortune , never got to stay there , and it became sort of a big joke , " Trump said Trump’s Gaddafi . BuzzFeed reported that Libya ’s representatives paid Trump $ 150 a fortune 000 for the rental .    Still , Trump’s has kept up the attacks on Clinton , calling on the Trump’s secretary of state to return the rental foundation ’s donations from Trump’s Eastern countries .   He lambasted Clinton for her family foundation ’s acceptance of donations from Saudi Arabia the former secretary of state government again Wednesday in Atlanta , and then Thursday Trump’s at a Clinton in her family foundation’s They enslave women . As far as gays are concerned , OK , think of it     they throw gays off buildings . They kill them . Countries that contribute to her foundation , " Trump said . " And she should give all that gays back to all these countries gays " gays added : " And you know what ? LGBT is starting to like Donald Trump very much . Starting to like Donald Trump very , very much Trump lately . " His business ties have n’t stopped the RNC from backing Trump attack on the Clinton Foundation over its Trump foreign donations .   " When you ’re the Trump diplomat of the United the United States governments with appalling human Trump records are donating millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation family foundation , " RNC spokesman Michael Short said , " that ’s an unprecedented conflict of interest and entirely different than opening up a hotel or golf course her family foundation’s the RNC 