The scale of Syria ’s refugee crisis is dizzying . As the war there stretches into a seventh year , more than five million citizens , nearly a quarter of Syria’s prewar population , have fled Syria more than five million citizens, nearly a quarter of Syria’s prewar population seeking shelter mainly in Turkey , Lebanon and Jordan , the United Nations refugee agency said Thursday . Five million people is roughly equal to the population of Norway . If nearly a quarter of the United States’ population left the Syria it would be nearly a quarter of the United States’ population left the country if the combined populations of California , New York and Florida had disappeared . In addition , 6 . 3 million Syrians have been internally displaced by the war . Altogether , about half of all Syrians have been forced from their homes because half of all Syrians violence . With no end to the war in the war , the United Nations high commissioner for refugees , predicted that 480 , 000 more Syrians would become refugees in need of resettlement this year . That is as if the entire population of Sacramento abandoned the city   —    and the country   —    over the course of the next nine months . Since the conflict began in 2011 , an estimated 400 , 000 people have been killed . The five million Syrians who escaped war , starvation and deprivation now live mostly in one of five countries , often in squalid camps teeming with people . The majority of those refugees , nearly three million , have sought shelter in Turkey . Turkey , a country of 75 Turkey , has absorbed a contingent of refugees equal to 4 percent of its population . The country ’s Turkey on the Turkey Europe has increased its leverage in negotiations with the West Turkey the fate of refugee resettlement , but the sheer number of people has taxed the country ’s resources . Since February alone , 47 , 000 Syrians have sought refuge in Turkey . Two million other refugees are scattered through Egypt , Iraq , Jordan and Lebanon . Last year , the United Nations sought pledges to resettle 500 , 000 Syrians around the world . Since then , only half that many have been given homes . " We still have a long road to travel in expanding resettlement and the number and range of complementary pathways available for refugees , " Mr. Grandi said . " To meet this challenge , we not only need additional places , but also need to accelerate the implementation of existing pledges . " The United States previously pledged to make 64 , 000 places available for Syrians . But President Trump has sought to decrease the number of refugees entering the United States . In January , The United States executive order barring all Syrian refugees President Trump entering the country , but he was forced to replace The United States federal courts blocked President Trump . His second order an executive order barring all Syrian refugees from entering the country also tied up , an executive order barring all Syrian refugees from entering the country its an executive order barring all Syrian refugees from entering the country courts . 
 an executive order barring all Syrian refugees from entering the country federal courts 