  ( CNN ) Former FBI Director James Comey is expected to testify next week before the Senate intelligence committee , but President Donald Trump may try to stop Former FBI Director James Comey by asserting executive privilege . It would not work . President Donald Trump can not use executive privilege to keep Former FBI Director James Comey from testifying about discussions that may point to potential misconduct , and that ’s especially true now that President Donald Trump has already made those discussions public . Although The New York Times reported that President Donald Trump is not planning on doing so , he President Donald Trump change his President Donald Trump , according to two senior administration officials .   Executive privilege is not a    legal concept . You ca n’t find the words " executive privilege " anywhere in the Constitution . It the words "executive privilege" anywhere in the Constitution not written down in any federal statute , and it the words "executive privilege" anywhere in the Constitution not part of the rules of evidence .   Executive privilege is a doctrine that has developed over time to allow a president to communicate freely with his a president members and staff about national security issues and other sensitive matters without being concerned those discussions would be disclosed to Congress , the courts or the public . Presidents have often invoked executive privilege , and they Presidents mostly failed when challenged in court . Richard Nixon tried to use executive privilege and lost . Bill Clinton tried , and he Bill Clinton , too . The Obama administration asserted a type of executive privilege in connection with a congressional probe into Operation Fast and Furious . Although some documents were protected in that case , most were not .   In striking down a president ’s attempts to use executive privilege , courts have focused on the reason the executive privilege being asserted     was it to executive privilege sensitive information in the public interest , or an attempt to hide potential evidence of misconduct ? No court has ever allowed a president to use executive privilege to cover his own a president wrongdoing . Courts have also looked at whether the substance of the communications had already been publicly disclosed . The Fast and Furious case is a great example . The Obama administration had already made public disclosures about its deliberations The Obama administration to that operation , so there was no need to use the privilege to maintain executive branch secrets .   In this case The Fast and Furious case ’s media interviews , his termination letter Trump’s Comey and his Trump’s tweets Trump’s already made his meetings with Trump’s    chief a matter of public concern . Just like the travel ban litigation , it looks like Trump ’s mouth Trump’s foreclosed a legal defense he may really need Trump’s The fact the White House is even thinking about asserting executive privilege raises another important question     why would Trump want to stop Trump’s from testifying about Trump’s meetings ? There is only one reason I can think of     Trump lied .   Trump’s his interview with NBC Trump’s Lester Holt last month , Trump said that Comey Trump’s assured him Trump’s three times Trump’s he was not being Trump’s . If true , then I would think Trump would want to Trump’s Comey corroborate that in Trump’s public hearing . But is it true ?   Comey would not have Trump’s Trump he is not Trump’s Trump’s target because he knows better than Trump’s disclose that kind of information . Immediately after describing his version of discussions Trump’s Comey , Trump sent Trump’s a Trump’s warning Comey he " better Trump’s Trump’s are no tapes " of their conversations . Why would Trump say that before Trump’s had a chance Trump’s respond to Trump ’s version of Trump’s ? Was it because Trump must have known his Trump’s was not the Trump’s and wanted to launch a    strike against Comey before Comey could respond Trump’s   Trump’s ’s the same approach the White House is using now to question Comey ’s credibility before his Trump’s . The White Trump’s is worried that the White House a very different Trump’s of those discussions and that he felt pressured by Trump to Trump’s the pending investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn . If I were in the White House , I would be worried the White House   But being worried about potentially embarrassing testimony is not a sufficient basis to invoke executive privilege . If Trump tries to stop Comey from testifying about their discussions Trump to the Flynn investigation , Comey should just ignore him and the pending investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn former national security adviser Michael Flynn Trump’s ’s highly unlikely a court would prevent Comey , who is it a private citizen and no longer a government employee , from talking .    Trying to stop Comey from testifying by using executive Trump’s will almost certainly fail , but I understand why the White House would want to do it . It is extremely concerned about what Comey is going to the White House , Trump’s it makes sense to use every trick in the book to try It stop him from publicly humiliating the President Trump’s   Asserting executive privilege in this situation would be a desperate act , but we may have a desperate man in the White House right now . 
 the White House 