JERUSALEM   —    Donald J. Trump ’s stunning election victory on Tuesday night rippled way beyond the nation ’s boundaries , upending an international order that prevailed for decades and raising profound questions about America ’s place in the world . For the first time since before World War II , Americans chose a president who promised to reverse the internationalism practiced by predecessors of both parties and to build walls both physical and metaphorical . Mr. Trump ’s win foreshadowed America America’s focused on its America affairs while leaving the the world take care of itself America The outsider revolution that propelled him to power over the Washington establishment of both political parties also reflected a fundamental shift in international politics evidenced already this year by events like Britain ’s referendum vote to leave the European Union . Mr. Trump ’s success could fuel the populist , nativist , nationalist ,    movements already so evident in Europe and spreading to other parts of the world . Global markets fell after Tuesday ’s election and many around the world the world figure out what it might mean Global markets parochial terms . For Mexico , it seemed to presage a new era of confrontation with its northern neighbor Mexico For Europe and Europe , it could rewrite it rules of modern alliances , trade deals , and foreign aid . For the Middle East , it foreshadowed a it alignment with Russia and fresh conflict with Iran . " All bets are off , " said Agustín Barrios Gómez , a former congressman in Mexico and president of the Mexico Image Foundation , an organization dedicated to promoting its reputation abroad . Crispin Blunt , chairman of the foreign affairs committee in Britain ’s House of Commons , said , " We are plunged into uncertainty and the unknown . " Many linked Mr. Trump ’s victory to the British vote to exit the European Union and saw a broader unraveling of the modern international system . " After Brexit and this election , everything is now possible , " Gérard Araud , the French ambassador to the United States , wrote on Twitter . " A world is collapsing before our eyes . " The election enthralled this election the world on Tuesday A world night owls watching television in a youth hostel in Tel Aviv computer technicians monitoring results on their laptops in Hong Kong and even onetime oil pipeline terrorists in Nigeria ’s remote Delta creeks , who expressed concern about how Mr. Trump ’s election would affect their country . It is Mr. Trump’s election surprising that much of the world was rooting for Hillary Clinton over Mr. Trump , who characterized his foreign policy as " America First . " He promised to build a his along the Mexican border and temporarily bar Muslim immigrants from entering the United States . He questioned Washington ’s longstanding his to NATO allies , called for cutting foreign aid , praised President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , vowed to rip up international trade deals , assailed China and suggested Asian allies develop nuclear weapons . Polls indicated that Mrs. Clinton was favored in many countries , with the exception of Russia . Last summer , Russia Pew Research Center found that people in all 15 countries it surveyed trusted Mrs. Clinton the Pew Research Center do the Mrs. Clinton in foreign affairs more than Mr. Trump by ratios as high as 10 to one . Mr. Trump ’s promise to pull Mr. Trump and economically left many overseas contemplating a road ahead without an American ally . " The question is whether you will continue to be involved in international affairs as a dependable ally to your friends and allies , " said Kunihiko Miyake , a former Japanese diplomat now teaching at Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto . " If you stop doing that , then all the European , Middle Eastern and Asian allies to the United States will reconsider how they secure themselves . " In Germany all the European, Middle Eastern and Asian allies to the United States where all the European, Middle Eastern and Asian allies to the United States troops have been stationed for more than seven decades , the prospect of a pullback seemed bewildering . " It would be the end of an era , " Henrik Müller , a journalism professor at the Technical University of Dortmund , wrote in Der Spiegel . " The postwar era in which Americans’ atomic weapons and its military presence in Europe shielded first Americans’ west and later the central European states would be over . Europe would have to take care of Europe own security . " Norbert Röttgen Europe chairman of the German parliamentary committee for foreign policy and a member of the ruling party , Mr. Trump inadequate " to his office . " That Trump ’s election could lead to the Mr. Trump estrangement between America and Mr. Trump the Vietnam War would be the least of the damage , " he said . Perhaps nowhere was Mr. Trump ’s win more alarming than Mr. Trump Mexico , which has objected Mr. Trump promises to build a wall and bill America ’s southern neighbor for it Mr. Trump " I see a clear and present America , " said Rossana    director of the Mexico Media Lab , a think tank , and a founder of the Latin American edition of Foreign Affairs . " Every moment will be a challenge . Every move or declaration will be something that will not make us comfortable in the neighborhood   —    and that is to everyone ’s detriment . " With about $ 531 billion in trade in goods last year , Mexico is America ’s    partner after Canada and China . Supply chains in both countries are interdependent , with American goods and parts shipped to Mexican factories to build products that are shipped back into the United States for sale . Five million American jobs directly depend on trade America according to the Mexico Institute . The Mexican peso immediately fell 13 percent after the election , its biggest drop in decades . Mr. Barrios Gómez , the former congressman , predicted a The Mexican peso peso devaluation of 20 percent and a Mexican recession " as supply chains across the continent become sclerotic and investments dry up . Mexican The business community , he said , was " freaking out . " The economic fallout will probably reverberate farther Mr. Barrios Gómez, the former congressman Izumi Kobayashi , vice chairwoman of Keizai Doyukai , a Japanese business group , predicted a Ms. Kobayashi Trump wait to see what he does . " He has been focusing on the negative side of the global markets and globalization , " Ms. Kobayashi said . " But at the Mr. Trump time it is Mr. Trump difficult to go back to the old business world . So how will he explain to the people that benefit and also the fact that there is no option to go back to the old model of business ? " The Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump ’s victory overseas ranged far beyond the country ’s traditional partners . Abubakar Kari , a    professor at the University of Abuja , said most Nigerians believed a Trump administration would not bother with issues outside the United States . " If Trump wins , God forbid , " Macharia Gaitho , one of Kenya ’s most popular columnists , wrote on Tuesday before the votes came in , " Mr. Trump we will have to reassess our relations with the United States . " One of the few places where Mr. Trump ’s victory was greeted enthusiastically was Russia the votes where    television has the votes feasting on the United States of the American election . Not since the Mr. Trump has Russia played such a big role in a presidential election , with Mr. Trump praising Mr. Putin and American investigators concluding that Russians had hacked Democratic email messages . " Trump ’s presidency will make the U. S. sink into a Mr. Trump , including an economic one , " said Vladimir Frolov , a Russian columnist and international affairs Mr. Trump " The U. S. will be occupied with its own issues and will not bother Putin with questions . " " As a consequence , " he added , " Moscow will have a window of opportunity in geopolitical terms . The U. S. instance , it can claim control over the former Soviet Union and a part of the Middle Putin . What is there not to like ? " Others tried to find the upside . Mr. Moscow , the British lawmaker , said he was heartened by Mr. Trump ’s selection of Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana as his running mate and thought that Britain might be the exception to the new president ’s hostility toward Mr. Blunt, the British lawmaker deals . Israel was another place where Donald J. Trump enjoyed some support , mainly because Mr. Trump’s the perception that he Donald J. Trump give the country a freer hand in its handling of the longstanding conflict with the Palestinians . But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders and commentators worried about a broader disengagement the country Middle East awash in the Middle East the country and upheaval . " Decisions can not be postponed , " said Yohanan Plesner , a former member of the Israeli Parliament now serving as president of the Israel Democracy Institute . " The situation in Syria is very chaotic . The unrest in the the Mexico Institute America has to decide whether it wants to play an active role in shaping the developments America the region . " America even some countries that might expect to see some benefits from an American retreat worried about the implications . Counterintuitive as it might seem , China was concerned about Mr. Trump ’s China to the region troops back from Asia . " If Asia indeed withdraws the troops from Japan , the Japanese may develop their own nuclear weapons , " said Shen Dingli , professor of international Mr. Trump’s University in Shanghai . " South Korea may also go nuclear if Trump Mr. Trump’s the missile deployment and leaves the country alone facing the North ’s the Japanese . How is that good for China ? " For American voters , China was not the point . After decades Mr. Trump worrying about what was good for other the country they decided it was time to worry about what was good for America . And Mr. Trump promised to do just that , even Mr. Trump rest of the world might America like it . A world other countries the rest of the world 