  ( CNN ) Republican Sen. Jeff Flake said Monday that President Donald Trump should apologize to Barack Obama for alleging that the former president had ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower during the presidential campaign . Flake , one of President Donald Trump ’s foremost Republican critics during the presidential campaign , was asked on " Mac   Gaydos " on KTAR Arizona radio if President Donald Trump felt President Donald Trump should publicly admit President Donald Trump was wrong .   " I think that ought to happen and we ought to move on , " Flake Flake . Asked later in the interview if President Donald Trump worst fears about President Donald Trump had been confirmed , Flake repeated President Donald Trump view that the President should apologize to his the President , though he the President he the President n’t think that President Donald Trump campaign had colluded with the Russians to defeat Hillary Clinton . " Well , I ’m not saying that I believe that the Trump Trump’s campaign with Russians on this . the Russians , my guess is that they did n’t , Trump’s campaign Flake said . " I would n’t want to believe that about anybody . But the accusations about the former president wiretapping the President a serious allegation that you make about somebody . And that ’s not   . And I would hope that the President would apologize and move on . " Earlier this month , Trump President Donald Trump Obama of wiretapping him President Donald Trump Trump Tower prior to the November election . Neither Trump nor his President Donald Trump has produced any evidence to support the claim . On Monday , in a hearing before the House Intelligence Committee , FBI Director James Comey said that he had " no information " FBI Director James Comey support Trump President Donald Trump claim . Flake said earlier in the radio interview that Comey ’s testimony further confirmed his belief FBI Director James Comey ’s President Donald Trump false . FBI Director James Comey " I never believed it from the beginning and it ’s been confirmed Trump’s allegation every intelligence arm that Trump’s allegation have , " the Arizona Republican said . " That would ’ve been a big , big deal had that happened and I was quite confident that it did n’t and it ’s now , there ’s simply no evidence it it occurred . " 
 it 