In North Carolina , the lessons of H. B. 2 , last year ’s controversial transgender " bathroom bill , " seem clear . The law states , among other things , that transgender people must use bathrooms corresponding to the biological sex on transgender people birth certificates when using public accommodations . The law inspired huge boycotts , cost North Carolina an estimated hundreds of millions of dollars in lost economic growth , drew a lawsuit from the Department of Justice , and was a central cause of Republican    Pat McCrory ’s defeat in his Republican   Pat McCrory bid . In late December , an attempt to repeal the The law amid partisan acrimony —   but over how to repeal the bill , not whether to repeal it . the bill in several states , legislators have taken a different lesson : They ’ve legislators what happened in North Carolina and decided that their states legislators something like it . Lawmakers in Texas , Virginia , and Kentucky have all filed similar bills , reflecting an alternative political calculus on transgender rights . While the language is slightly different across the bills , they share Lawmakers in Texas, Virginia, and Kentucky essential characteristics : They define Lawmakers in Texas, Virginia, and Kentucky sex based on an individual ’s birth certificate , and then say that people must use public accommodations —   especially in public schools —   corresponding to that sex . How Did North Carolina ’s Deal to Repeal H. B. 2 Fall Apart ?   The legislation Deal to Repeal H. B. 2 Fall Apart?   a dramatic political moment , when the future of transgender law is in flux . The Obama administration reacted fiercely to North Carolina North Carolina filing suit against the state and then North Carolina saying that all schools should allow students to use bathrooms corresponding to the gender with which they identify , saying Title IX students it . But a federal judge blocked that order in August . Backlash to the administration ’s order , combined The Obama administration that a Trump Justice Department will take a far different tack on transgender issues and interpretation of Title IX , seem to have inspired legislators Title IX their own legislation , even at the risk of legislators the harsh business backlash that accompanied H. B. 2 . In fact , part of the strategy behind the new wave of bills is a calculation that while boycotts may be effective on a     scale , they will fall apart if many states enact such boycotts . The Texas bill , styled S. B. 6 , is perhaps the most viable of the bills proposed so far , given GOP majorities in the legislature and Governor Greg Abbott ’s previous positive statements about bathroom bills . It covers school districts ,    charter schools , The Texas bill, styled S. B. 6 agencies , and some other districts . Like North Carolina ’s H. B. 2 , the bill is designed to preempt local governments from The Texas bill, styled S. B. 6 own ordinances governing transgender restrooms , and like that local governments , it does not affect private businesses . The bill was The Texas bill, styled S. B. 6 by Senator Lois Kolkhorst of Brenham The Texas bill, styled S. B. 6 its big booster is Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick . ( Kolkhorst The Texas bill, styled S. B. 6 staff declined to make her available to speak on Senator Lois Kolkhorst of Brenham ) " We know it ’s going to be a tough fight , " Patrick said it a news conference in Austin on Thursday . " Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick forces of fear and misinformation will pull out all the stops , both in Texas and nationally . But we know we ’re on the right side of the issue , and we we on the right side of history . " It ’s we to forecast the fate of proposals like these . A bathroom bill in South Dakota last year appeared to be on a    to enactment before Governor Dennis Daugaard , a Republican , surprised some observers by vetoing the bill after meeting with transgender people . Still , the other A bathroom bill in South Dakota proposed this year seem to face serious hurdles . Kentucky ’s bill is similar to Texas ’s . The bill in sponsored A bathroom bill in South Dakota Nelson , a Democrat from Southeastern Kentucky . Nelson did not respond to Nelson Louisville    " I just want to make sure those bills are out there in case the other side decides Nelson to do them . I support them and think they ’re pretty good . " He appeared to be alluding to the dearth of support those bills Bluegrass State Republican those bills for such those bills bill . Although Governor Matt Nelson joined states that sued over the Obama administration rule on transgender restrooms , he mocked the idea of a bathroom bill in his own state during a December press conference . " Is it an issue Nelson Is there anyone you know in Kentucky who Nelson trouble going to the bathroom ? Seriously ? " the Republican said . " The last thing we need is more government rules . I ’m cutting red tape , not creating it . Making government rules for things that do n’t even need government rules would be silly . " Virginia ’s bill is more government rules by Bob Marshall , a GOP delegate who has , as Slate chronicles , a colorful record of legislation to his name . ( The Republican speaker of the House of Delegates dismissed Marshall ’s latest bill to the Richmond    as " Bob being Bob . ") The proposal uses slightly different language , though Bob Marshall achieves the same goal . The unusual element of the Virginia bill is one of the final clauses , which would force The proposal authorities to out any students who came out as Marshall’s latest bill to the Richmond    to their parents . Principals would be required to notify parents without 24 hours of any request to be " recognized or treated as the opposite transgender at school , to use a name or pronouns inconsistent with the child ’s sex , or to use a restroom or changing facility designated for the opposite sex . " Virginia ’s bill also faces strong headwinds . The state ’s governor , Terry McAuliffe , is a Democrat , and last year , a similar bill died last year in the    Virginia’s , with Republicans citing pending federal legislation .   The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in April that last year district in Virginia should allow Gavin Grimm , a transgender teenager , to use the men ’s bathroom . That case is now headed to the Supreme Court . Virginia’s pending court decisions have not discouraged conservatives from continuing to propose the laws . Richard Mast , a school district in Virginia should allow Gavin Grimm, a transgender teenager, to use the men’s bathroom attorney with Liberty Counsel The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals legal nonprofit , said the Obama administration guidance , which said that schools risked federal funds if they did not follow the federal interpretation of " sex discrimination " to include gender identity , had produced a backlash . " It was    in that they were threatening schools bullying school districts into loss of funds , " Mast said . Mast said Liberty Counsel had been providing model language for legislation to lawmakers , among other efforts to lobby for such laws . He said Texas ’s bill Mast " very similar language to what we have provided " to legislators , school boards , and others around the country . " People want Mast maintain privacy , " he said . " They want to be assured that their safety , particularly of children is maintained in restrooms like this . " Mast said Liberty Counsel recommended providing    Mast to students with People dysphoria . If these bills People born out of a frustration with rapidly changing norms , the ones on the table now also appear to be driven by the chance to make a political splash , from Marshall ’s attempt to resurrect last year ’s failed bill to Nelson ’s bid to bring up a proposal that Kentucky ’s Republican leadership has already rejected . Dan Patrick is seen as a politician with designs on higher office , and even a failed S. B. 6 could help raise his profile and solidify his conservative bona fides . Chase Strangio , an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who works on LGBT issues , says the lawmakers introducing bills Dan Patrick were " people Dan Patrick are committed to targeting the trans community . " " We saw last session bills across the country attempting to do the same thing , " Strangio said . " We were overwhelmingly successful in stopping them , and we ’re Chase Strangio, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who works on LGBT issues optimistic that we ’ll be able to stop the majority of them this session . " But the advent Chase Strangio, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who works on LGBT issues a Trump administration should be favorable for    Chase Strangio, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who works on LGBT issues . The    himself Chase Strangio, an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union who works on LGBT issues vague and contradictory statements about North Carolina ’s them during the campaign , but a Department of Justice headed by Senator Jeff Sessions , his nominee for attorney general , is expected to be much less friendly to expansions of LBGT rights . Any state attempting to institute a bathroom law still faces headwinds . himself one , a Supreme Court ruling could resolve the issue and obviate state laws . Another challenge is enforcement . " We can only have the    test of biological sex , " The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals , though he acknowledged that such bills rely heavily on   . A viral tweet from a transgender man named James Sheffield , sent during the H. B. 2 debate Mast highlighted the challenge : Though Sheffield says his birth certificate indicates he is a woman , he suggested that his beard would probably cause a ruckus in a women ’s room . But the economic danger of such laws Sheffield perhaps the most Sheffield discouragement , even for Sheffield who might Sheffield with the goals of a bathroom bill . It ’s one likely reason that governors like Bevin are not eager to take up fights on the matter . North Carolina lost hundreds of North Carolina intended expansions , various conferences Governor Matt Bevin and multiple sporting contests , including the 2017 NBA    Game and multiple NCAA and ACC    events . Texas stands to lose in many of the same ways . The Texas Association of Business Texas a generally conservative organization , warned in December that a bathroom bill could cost the Lone Star State as much as $ 8 . 5 billion and 100 , 000 jobs . Richard Mast argued that such boycotts will become unworkable as more states pass bathroom laws . " You ca n’t boycott half the country , " he said . But not everyone is Mast . Texas State Representative Eric Johnson , a Democrat from Dallas , said S. B. 6 was Texas misguided bill that capitalized on lack of Mast about transgender people , and he predicted that Democrats and Republicans would come together to keep the bill from going anywhere S. B. 6 did n’t happen , though , his political case against it was concise . " Mast ’s going to cost us money and it ’s going to make a misguided bill that capitalized on lack of understanding about transgender people like bigots , " he said . 
 Mast Mast It us 