Certain American victims of illegal alien crime say Sen. Ted Cruz should be " charged with treason " for Sen. Ted Cruz decision to team up with    Governor John Kasich in order to nullify the votes of Donald Trump supporters . [ " They both ought to be charged with treason , " said Billy Inman , whose son     Dustin was murdered while whose son    Dustin and whose son    Dustin family were on he and his family way to celebrate an early Father ’s Day family fishing trip . An illegal alien    the family ’s vehicle at over 60 mph . His son ’s murderer is still roaming free .   " Their teaming up should ruin Ted Cruz ’s career , " said Cruz constituent Laura Wilkerson whose     son Joshua was tied up , beaten , strangled , set on fire , and tortured to death by his illegal alien classmate . " Who do Cruz constituent Laura Wilkerson whose    son Joshua was tied up, beaten, strangled, set on fire, and tortured to death by his illegal alien classmate think Cruz constituent Laura Wilkerson whose    son Joshua was tied up, beaten, strangled, set on fire, and tortured to death by his illegal alien classmate are trying to silence us ? " asked Mary Ann Mendoza , whose     son , Sgt . Brandon Mendoza , was murdered by a drunk illegal alien who had been driving the wrong way down a freeway with a blood alcohol level three times the legal limit . " If Republicans wanted either Cruz or Kasich as a candidate , Republicans wanted either Cruz or Kasich as a candidate would be voting for Republicans wanted either Cruz or Kasich as a candidate , " Brandon Mendoza said . Instead " the two of Republicans wanted either Cruz or Kasich as a candidate are trying to bully Republicans wanted either Cruz or Kasich as a candidate OWN mindset on us . Republican voters are voting for the person Republican voters feel will make our country great again . Something like this has got to make people wonder , why are these career politicians so afraid of Mr. Trump ? " When asked to respond to the statements from the victims of illegal alien crime , Cruz ’s spokeswoman Alice Stewart said : Having Mr. Trump at the top of the ticket in November would be a sure disaster for Republicans .   Not only would Trump Mr. Trump blown out by Clinton or Sanders , but having him Mr. Trump our nominee would set the party back a generation . To ensure that we nominate a Republican who can unify the Republican Party and win in November November our campaign will focus its our campaign and resources in Indiana and in turn clear the path for Gov. Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico , and we our hope that allies of both campaigns would follow our our .   In other states holding their elections for the remainder of the primary season , our campaign will continue to compete vigorously to win . Throughout his our campaign Cruz has had to fend off charges leveled against him by his immigration expansionist Sen. Marco Rubio that his and his ’s Cruz on immigration are not " dramatically different " . Indeed , Cruz has Cruz to explain his statements his 2013 , in which he declared his " I want immigration reform to pass " and in which he urged his people of good faith on both sides of the aisle " to compromise in order to " pass    immigration reform " that " allows those that are here illegally to come in out of the shadows . " The victims of illegal alien crime argue that Cruz ’s Cruz team up with    Kasich to stop Trump undermines Cruz ’s argument Cruz cares about securing   Kasich nation ’s border . As Breitbart News has previously reported , Kasich ’s extreme statements   Kasich immigration place him to the furthest   Kasich reaches of not just the Republican field , but the Democratic Presidential field as well . For instance , not only has Kasich pledged that he   Kasich enact amnesty   Kasich his first 100 days   Kasich office , but Kasich has also previously   Kasich illegal immigrants are a " critical part of our society . " Kasich has said that   Kasich the nation ’s immigration laws in not " the kind of values that we believe in " Kasich has likened deporting   Kasich illegal population to Japanese interment camps he has compared illegal   Kasich to cutting in line at a Taylor Swift concert and he has suggested that   Kasich ca n’t deport illegal immigrants because they are " made illegal immigrants the image of the Lord " . " Cruz is just a talker , " Inman said , arguing that Cruz ’s decision to Cruz up with Kasich suggests that he does not have   Kasich intention to actually secure the nation ’s border as President . " He can just talk   Kasich talk , but there ’s never any action   …      My son died in vain . " " Ted Cruz is all Cruz and controlling the opposition by pretending to lead it , " said Cruz the opposition Dan Golvach . Cruz Cruz was in the U. Cruz Senate , Golvach ’s     son Spencer Cruz constituent Dan Golvach randomly shot by an illegal alien who decided to use Spencer ’s " head as Spencer practice . " " What the two puppets are doing is nothing more than what they are told to do the two puppets " Golvach said of Cruz and Cruz constituent Dan Golvach ’s decision Cruz join forces . Golvach said that Cruz and Cruz constituent Dan Golvach ’s " Cruz and Kasich’s in Kasich’s because they know Trump will expose them Cruz and Kasich’s "sugar daddies expose their Cruz and Kasich’s "sugar daddies deeds that have not Cruz and Kasich’s "sugar daddies hurt American Cruz and Kasich’s "sugar daddies , but also left them vulnerable to all manners of crime including joy Cruz and Kasich’s "sugar daddies , as in the case of my     son   …      It ’s treasonous and they will continue to get away with it if Cruz and Kasich’s "sugar daddies keep supporting their puppets . " It Golvach and Wilkerson say Cruz and Kasich’s "sugar daddies Cruz has never " reached out to a Texas American family that has lost a loved one " at the hands of an illegal alien . " Cruz and Kasich teaming up should speak loudly to Cruz American public that America ’s choice for POTUS does n’t matter at all , " Wilkerson said . " The establishment is hell bent Wilkerson making that clear . " " It might be within the rules , but it The establishment highly immoral and disrespectful to the electorate The establishment " Golvach said . Mendoza explained : We are painfully watching the slow death of the Republican Party in front of our eyes . If Cruz and Kasich believe that We ’re going to unite the Republican Party by Cruz and Kasich something like this , the Republican Party rude awakening about to happen   …      Cruz and Kasich actions are sending clear message to American that we NEED Cruz and Kasich Trump as our president to stop all the special interests and corruption that we daily with our current politicians . Why are n’t we all as Americans standing up to this crap ? [   …     ] What we need to be asking is : Who is REALLY behind this latest scheme they have cooked up ? " Trump ought to rip up his Republican Party pledge , " Mr. Trump said citing the Republican Mr. Trump ’s treatment of its Party ’s frontrunner . the Establishment rip it up Republican Party " the Establishment said that Mr. Trump Cruz team up with the    members Inman the Establishment reveals that Cruz is simply a " puppet in a puppet show . " " How Cruz Cruz say those things about someone and then pretend like he ’s their best Cruz ? " Inman said . " It shows Cruz Cruz just those things about someone puppet Inman Watching these professional politicians interact is just like Cruz a puppet show . It ’s all a puppet show . Trump is the only one who is n’t a puppet . There ai n’t anybody pulling his strings . " 
 Trump 