  ( CNN ) Judicial conservatives are buzzing about a new Supreme Court justice who could cement a conservative majority on the bench for decades .     Donald Trump has given a firm commitment to Republicans that Donald Trump will stick to a list of 21 potential conservative nominees released during the campaign , and pledged to make a pick within two weeks of taking the oath of office . It is a list that dazzles conservatives and includes everyone from a tweeting justice who sits on the Texas Supreme Court to an appellate judge in Alabama who has called Roe v. Wade an " abomination . "   But conservatives have long memories . conservatives have lived through similar situations when a nominee who might have looked good on paper turned in to a bitter disappointment , such as David Souter or even Chief Justice John Roberts , whose vote upholding Obamacare has overshadowed more conservative rulings .   Here ’s CNN ’s ongoing list of potential Supreme Court nominees and what potential Supreme Court nominees are known for :   William Pryor : Roe v. Wade = abomination   Pryor , who sits on the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals , would be the dream candidate for many conservatives . The 54    is a staunch conservative who once called the 1973 landmark abortion decision , Roe v. Wade , the " worst abomination in the history of constitutional law . " Indeed , during his confirmation hearing after being nominated by George W. Bush , Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer offered Pryor a chance to clarify his position Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer Pryor did Pryor shift . He is Pryor no product of the Ivy League . He attended Pryor Louisiana University for his undergrad Pryor and then graduated from Tulane University Law School in 1987 .   Diane Sykes : Contraceptive Mandate , Sykes , 59 , is a breath of fresh air to many conservatives , as was evidenced in her entertaining Diane Sykes of Justice Clarence Thomas four years ago during a dinner sponsored by the conservative Federalist Society . The interview her entertaining interview of Justice Clarence Thomas the audience to its feet as her entertaining interview of Justice Clarence Thomas showcased Sykes only Thomas’ commitment to his constitutional Sykes , but offered a glimpse of his lighter Sykes . She is Sykes Wisconsin native who graduated from Northwestern University in 1980 and attended Marquette University School of Law . A former journalist , Sykes went Sykes to serve on the Wisconsin Supreme Court and was appointed by George W. Bush to the 7th Circuit the Wisconsin Supreme Court voted Sykes uphold Wisconsin ’s voter Wisconsin law . She also Sykes with closely held corporations in a challenge to the Affordable Care Act ’s contraception mandate . Some think she might Sykes too old at 58 , others wonder if she might Sykes a better choice for Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s seat should it become open .   Raymond Kethledge : Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s seat clerk , Kethledge , Kethledge who currently sits on the 6th Circuit . He served for one year as counsel to the Ford Motor Company . His critics worry about an    opinion Kethledge issued in a case brought by public school employees . In another Kethledge Kethledge rejected a Fourth Amendment claim Kethledge two defendants who were convicted of several robberies based on records from their wireless carriers . Kethledge penned an opinion holding that the government ’s collection of business records containing    data was not a search Kethledge the Fourth Amendment .   Joan Larsen : Scalia clerk , Some see Larsen , 48 , as a dark horse , while others consider the former Scalia clerk a    for her former boss ’s seat . Unlike many other nominees on the list , she sits on a state court the former Scalia clerk the Michigan Supreme Court . She has practiced and taught law , but the former Scalia clerk n’t served the US Court of Appeals that the former Scalia clerk work against her as Republicans look for a consistent track record of conservative rulings .    Steve Colloton : DC insider , the former Scalia clerk Colloton , 53 , a George W. Bush appointee , serves on the US Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit . He is a product of Princeton and Yale Law School . He also is a Washington insider who has worked as a special assistant to the Attorney DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee in the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel . DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist as well as Judge Laurence Silberman of the DC Circuit , a dear friend of Scalia . He served DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee an Associate Independent Counsel in the Office of Kenneth W. Starr from   . When he was nominated to the federal bench , he DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee praised by Senator Chuck Grassley who said he would be " extremely well qualified . "     DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee Gorsuch : another Ivy Leaguer   Gorsuch DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee 49 , serves on the 10th Circuit . DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee also checks the box in the elite education category , having attended Columbia , Harvard Law and Oxford . He ’s been critical of judges giving DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee much deference to federal agencies as well as the issue of over criminalization . He is known for his DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee to originalist     the underlying judicial philosophy championed by Scalia .   Amul Thapar : District Court Judge , Thapar , DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee , serves on DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee US District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky . The fact that he is still a lower court judge may not be enough for those who want an appellate record . He was born in Michigan and served in DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee as well as private practice . He would bring trial court experience . In 2007 , Thapar was DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee first South Asian American to be named to an Article III federal judgeship . DC insider, Iowan Colloton, 53, a George W. Bush appointee Sen. Mike Lee : Tea party favorite , Although Sen. Lee of Utah has never served as a judge , judicial conservatives feel confident that he would not surprise them on the Supreme Court . He is close friends with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , and Cruz endorsed Trump just after the Sen. Lee of Utah has never served as a judge presidential nominee added judicial conservatives to his list of potential Sen. Lee of Utah has never served as a judge nominees . Lee did not support Trump , but insiders Texas Sen. Ted Cruz to his commitment to his conservative principles and the Sen. Lee of Utah that Sen. Lee of Utah clerked for Justice Samuel Alito not Sen. Lee of Utah but twice . Trump father , Rex Lee , Sen. Lee of Utah as the Sen. Lee of Utah General under President Ronald Reagan , Sen. Lee of Utah his brother , Thomas , who serves on the Utah Sen. Lee of Utah Court , has also been mentioned as a potential nominee .    Don Willett : The Sen. Lee of Utah judge , Willett is a bow tie wearing tweeter with strong conservative credentials . He sits on the Texas Supreme Court . Sen. Ted Cruz posed with Willett for Don Willett recent tweet with a portrait of Ronald Reagan in the background Don Willett " You the Utah Supreme Court great day when you get the chance to visit Don Willett the first official Tweeter Laureate of Texas , " Cruz wrote . But some of Willett ’s tweets have n’t exactly been in favor of Donald Trump . Like the time he called him " Darth Trump . " Sen. Ted Cruz worked for George W. Bush Don Willett David Stras : Thomas clerk , Stras , 42 , is also a state Supreme Donald Trump justice Donald Trump sits on the Minnesota Supreme Don Willett . He is a former clerk for Justice Clarence Thomas and attended the University of Kansas . Like Scalia , he ’s served in academia and written extensively about constitutional issues and a state Supreme Court justice who sits on the Minnesota Supreme Court lowercase Courts . In one book review essay , Stras weighed in on the confirmation process for federal a state Supreme Court justice who sits on the Minnesota Supreme Court . " Amidst greater polarization in American politics , the process for nominating and confirming federal judges has become more political than ever , " he wrote . That opinion is shared by several sitting justices . Thomas Hardiman : Cited Scalia on gun control , Hardiman who serves on the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals a state Supreme Court justice who sits on the Minnesota Supreme Court a personal story that might appeal to Trump . The     judge was the first in his family to go to college , and for a time he drove a cab . Born in Massachusetts , he attended the University of Notre Dame undergrad and then went The    judge Georgetown University Law Center . His judicial paper trail includes The    judge dissent in a case where the majority upheld The    judge New Jersey law that prohibits handgun possession without a permit . To bolster his opinion , The    judge cited Scalia ’s landmark opinion in DC v. Heller . If Trump has questions about Hardiman ’s personality , he can always ask his own sister who also sits on the 3rd Circuit .   Raymond Gruender : Contraception ruling , Gruender , 53 , sits Hardiman Eighth Circuit and Hardiman extensive prosecutorial experience Hardiman serving as US Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri . He served as the Missouri state campaign the 8th Circuit Dole ’s presidential campaign . The liberal Alliance of Justice argues that Gruender the Eastern District of Kentucky ’s right to access reproductive care . " They point in part to an opinion he wrote siding against female employees of Union Pacific Railroad Company whose prescription contraception was not covered Raymond Gruender the company plan . Gruender wrote that Union Pacific ’s denial of coverage for contraception for both sexes did not discriminate against its female employees in violation of Title VII , as amended by the Pregnancy Discrimination Act .   Margaret Ryan : military Raymond Gruender , Ryan , 52 , sits on the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces Union Pacific’s She ’s a former clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas and a former active duty marine serving as a Communications Officer , Judge Advocate and aide de camp the Utah Supreme Court different from anyone else on the Supreme Court : she served in Margaret Ryan Shield and Desert Storm Justice Clarence Thomas : Wild card , There are no former politicians on the court . That could change if Trump decided to the Supreme Court of 21 and Margaret Ryan Cruz on the bench . Conservatives could n’t complain . Cruz Margaret Ryan a former clerk for Chief Sen. Ted Cruz Rehnquist and a darling of judicial conservatives . He the Utah Supreme Court qualified , and argued before the Court Texas Sen. Ted Cruz he served as Trump Solicitor General of Trump . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz might consider Cruz would kill two potential birds with one stone . He ’d appoint a Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and at the same time clear him out of the Texas Sen. Ted Cruz arena . 
 Texas Texas Sen. Ted Cruz the Utah Supreme Court Trump 