Phillip Bump writes in the Washington Post :   Earlier this month , Fox News released a poll showing Ted Cruz leading Donald Trump by four points . The two had a sizable lead over everyone else in the state , and a poll showing Ted Cruz leading Donald Trump by four points was confirming what others were showing : Cruz Ted Cruz an advantage . On Sunday , Fox News released another Iowa poll , with substantially different results . Now , Trump Donald Trump up by 11 points , a    swing in the two weeks between surveys . This a poll showing Ted Cruz leading Donald Trump by four points too , mirrors the recent trend : Trump has Donald Trump the advantage . It ’s a poll showing Ted Cruz leading Donald Trump by four points a surprising development . Trump ’s Donald Trump lot , across the board , while most of his competitors have Donald Trump . Cruz is still    with conservatives and tea partiers ( meaning that his support among Donald Trump groups is 11 and seven points higher than his overall support Donald Trump but Trump gained 11 Donald Trump 17 points with those groups over those groups two weeks . Cruz ’s support Cruz the groups fell . those groups …     ] Two weeks ago , the percentage of respondents saying they would " definitely " go out and caucus on Feb. 1 was 59 percent . In this new poll , that dropped to 54 percent , meaning a    swing toward those who would say they will " probably " go to the caucus . Two weeks ago , Trump trailed Cruz by six Cruz among those who would probably vote . Now he leads with that group Trump 15   —    more than his overall lead against Cruz Trump [ Cruz …     ] Again , Trump ’s gains are across Trump , but he ’s doing much better with Trump group of voters that seems less likely to vote . He could certainly win Iowa by Trump    margin , but that depends on his people turning out   — Trump and on his having an operation to encourage Trump to do so ( which his people New York Timesreports he does n’t ) . In Trump words , if the election were held tomorrow , the actual results would probably be somewhere in between these two polls , with Trump not doing as well against Cruz as it may appear . You can read the rest of the story here . 
 