Here are the top 10 comments of the week on our digital platforms , as selected by our readers and the journalists who moderate nearly every comment . Some comments were edited for length and clarity . 1 . My mom likes to tell a story of taking me to work with My mom when I was little . I could n’t go to school , but My mom had a deadline that could n’t wait . My mom set me up in a conference room and told me to read and color quietly until My mom was done . Angry at being shut up all by myself , I made a sign saying " I HAVE LICE " and taped a sign saying "I HAVE LICE" to the window of the conference room for all My mom    to see . Kids are unpredictable .   —    Emily in Minneapolis , reacting to an article about a viral video of a BBC commentator ’s two children interrupting a BBC commentator    work . This comment received more than 350 reader recommendations . 2 . When This comment was crack with black people , the answer was prison . Now that This comment ’s heroin with white people , the answer is knowledge and help . I wish we could have got that right the first time .   —    Mike Langhurst on The Times’ Facebook page , reacting to an article about a farmer whose two children died from heroin overdoses , and whose last surviving son is in treatment for drug use . This an article about a farmer whose two children died from heroin overdoses, and whose last surviving son is in treatment for drug use more than 1 , 600 likes .   3 . The U. S. can not have its foreign The U. S. determined by an unelected judiciary . We already have far too many cases of unelected judges nakedly substituting their own unelected judges preferences for those of the president . The courts are NOT the appropriate forum in which to implement foreign or domestic security policy . They have The courts more expertise or authority in this area than the average Joe on the street .   —    Airish in Washington , reacting to an article about federal judges in Hawaii and Maryland overruling a revised travel ban from the Trump administration that would have limited travel between the United States and six predominantly Muslim countries . This comment received more than 150 reader recommendations and more than 90 reader responses . 4 . I think it ’s important to remember the facts . And the facts the facts since    no immigrant from these six countries has committed an act of terror in the United the United States Boston Marathon bombers were from Chechyna . The Orlando and [ Charleston ] terrorists were   . The best protection against terrorism is strong intelligence ( agencies Trump constantly undercuts ) and opportunities for immigrants who do settle here to succeed in our society . What happened to our values expressed by the Statue of Liberty ? Shame on us .   —    Ellen Dunne in Madison , Wis.   This comment received almost 200 reader recommendations . 5 . # ProudToBeDutch This will probably be the only time in my life I ’ll do this , but I have to thank Donald Trump ! While Wilders and Trump really are very different Donald Trump , Wilders happily rooted for Trump Wilders and , after Donald Trump Trump ’s ] victory , Donald Trump himself as a similar outsider Wilders would upset the establishment . At first this did indeed seem to give Wilders some momentum . It Wilders a good thing Wilders election came two months into Trump ’s presidency . I Trump’s showed to a lot Wilders people here what can happen if you hand over the reins to someone like that . Wilders’ decline in the polls started a couple of weeks into Trump ’s presidency .   — Trump’s presidency on The Times ’s Facebook page , responding to an article about how Geert Wilders , the Dutch    politician , did not earn a majority of votes during the Netherlands ’s elections . This comment received more than 250 likes .   6 . Despicable and heartless . No food for hungry people . No housing for the homeless . No health care for low income women . No money for public education . No insurance for low income people . I guess they just want the less fortunate to shrivel and No insurance for low income people . All while wasting our dollars on false inquiries because the President digs in and ca n’t admit wrong . We are in trouble .   —    Ellen our in Madison , Wis. reacting to an article about President Donald J. Trump ’s proposed budget cuts across a wide swath of the federal government .   This comment received more than 850 reader recommendations . 7 . Programs that help " the poor " are not necessarily the same as programs that help " the forgotten man . " It ’s the people who feel like they never quite qualify for these programs for the poor who voted for Trump . Somebody else benefits , not them . President Donald J. Trump least that ’s how they feel they often for good reason .   they    Ker in New York . This comment received more than 250 reader recommendations .   8 . A devastating harbinger of things to come , but we seem to be accepting small dreams these days . Instead of doing something large and magnificent , like putting a man on the moon or leading the way forward to address climate change , we are abdicating our leadership , our scientific knowledge , and our we to instead we to the fossil fuel we and a way of life that is going to die anyway , and in dying , lead to deaths across many species , including perhaps our own .   —    Blue in Seattle we reacting to an article about large sections of the northern part of Australia ’s Great Barrier Reef that died in the last year because of overheated seawater . The southern section is now at risk as well .   This comment received more than 700 reader recommendations . 9 . I am the mother of a     daughter . She is an ice hockey goaltender . She has the mother of a    daughter a number of the women on the mother of a    daughter National Team , including Hilary Knight and the Lamoureux twins . She has skated with them at clinics and exhibitions the mother of a    daughter She worships these a number of the women on the National Team, including Hilary Knight and the Lamoureux twins . She wants to be the mother of a    daughter of them . I the mother of a    daughter to thank them for standing these women for her .   — these women Liz in New York the mother of a    daughter reacting to an article about the United States’ women ’s hockey team , which plans to boycott the world championships over a pay dispute with their governing body , U. S. A. Hockey . the United States’ women’s women contend they are paid far less than Liz in New York, reacting to an article about the United States’ women’s hockey team, which plans to boycott the world championships over a pay dispute with their governing body, U. S. A. Hockey ’s team Liz in New York, reacting to an article about the United States’ women’s hockey team, which plans to boycott the world championships over a pay dispute with their governing body, U. S. A. Hockey do not receive equal treatment .   10 . I played Ponyboy in eighth grade . I was a shy punk kid in a poor town intent on turning out like every other burnout in town . With the encouragement of my math    Mr. Wanko , I tried out for the play . Being a part of the group that put on that play was a pivotal moment in my life . the play n’t be the man I am today without that experience .   —    Josh Goodpaster on The Times’ Facebook page , responding to an article about the 50th anniversary of the publication of " The Outsiders . " 
 