Vandalism , offensive jokes , even criminal assault   —    reports of    harassment have spiked since Donald J. Trump ’s victory in the presidential race . Few of the perpetrators have been caught , but here is a look at five cases in which people have been directly accused . Some apologized . One denied being responsible . Another said Another actions had been misconstrued . When Isabel Manu started sending Isabel Manu classmate María Sanchez internet memes that mocked Donald J. Trump ’s plans to crack down on immigration , Ms. Sanchez , whose parents had come to the United States illegally from Mexico , tried to shake it off : " It was just a little funny , like ha , O. K. awkward funny . " Ms. Isabel Manu to turn up the humor after Mr. Donald J. Trump elected president . She failed . Isabel Manu clothing and shoes , she built a Isabel Manu in Ms. Sanchez ’s dorm room at Lindenwood University in St. Charles , Mo. and left a note saying , " Trump won Donald J. Trump here is a little preview of what ’s to come . " Tearful and disturbed , Ms. Sanchez posted Ms. Sanchez on Twitter that was shared more than 50 , 000 times . " I was angry , " she said . " Ms. Sanchez threw the stuff , and I tore the paper . " Ms. Sanchez , along Ms. Sanchez security officers , confronted Ms. Manu , who appeared shocked that the gag had backfired . Ms. Manu declined to be interviewed . Ms. Sanchez speculated that online Ms. Sanchez presidential politics had led her friend to think of the Ms. Sanchez , and what was at stake , as a joke . Ms. Sanchez said that Ms. Manu Ms. Sanchez , and the Ms. Manu working on reconciling . " A friendship is not all love , " Ms. Sanchez said . " There are Ms. Sanchez be horrible things that are going to happen . We have to move on and grow from this . " Officer Michael Peters was off duty when he flew a Confederate battle flag from the back Officer Michael Peters his pickup truck at a " Love Trumps Hate Officer Michael Peters demonstration in Traverse City , Mich. Officer Peters , an    Police Department veteran , was captured in photographs getting out of his vehicle , opening a Bud Light and arguing Officer Michael Peters protesters . He could not be reached for comment , but Officer Michael Peters Traverse City police chief said he had previously displayed the divisive symbol at work the Traverse City police chief After the most recent episode was shared widely on the internet and in news reports , he resigned , which Marty Colburn , the city the Traverse City police chief of the popular Mr. Colburn Mr. Peters had also offered an apology for what the former officer described as the " stain " he put on the city . He added that Mr. Peters had cut short a    trip to sign the paperwork to the former officer his resignation . On Tuesday the former officer Mr. Peters Mr. Peters letter to the local newspaper , saying that he attended the rally to the former officer what he viewed as political Mr. Peters He added that he believes the Confederate symbol " has nothing Mr. Peters do with racism , and everything Mr. Peters do with embracing and celebrating Mr. Peters simple lifestyle Mr. Peters is the country   . " John Sousa , a high school teacher and golf coach in Wesley Chapel , Fla. was suspended from work after students accused him of Mr. Sousa to get you sent back to Africa . " The school district is investigating the episode . Mr. Sousa did not Mr. Sousa to requests for an interview . In a Facebook post , Donnie Jones Jr. a Wesley Chapel High School parent , said he had spoken with the teacher on the phone . " He actually admitted saying it , " Mr. Jones wrote online . " He said it was just an     comment and was n’t meant to be Mr. Sousa . He said it was a bunch of male and Mr. Sousa students in the hallway and he was talking to everyone . " Mr. Sousa Tomasso it Parker    students at Babson College in Wellesley , Mass. drove onto the Mr. Sousa campus it Wellesley College flying a Trump flag from their vehicle and chanted Mr. Mr. Sousa ’s campaign slogans outside a building where minority students can seek support . They bragged about the episode in an online video that has since been taken down . But after facing Edward Tomasso and Parker   students at Babson College in Wellesley, Mass. backlash that included death threats on social media and a harsh response from officials at both schools , minority students posted an apology on Facebook and denied targeting minority students . " Publicly celebrating the election at a time and in a place when so many were deeply disappointed about its outcome and , indeed , genuinely grieving about it , was just not smart , " Mr.    wrote . " We had no idea that our actions would be interpreted as racist , or sexist , the election harassment . " Mr. Tomasso wrote : " the election a white male , I do not feel threatened by the new president . I have not We to work for that privilege . It was something I was born with . " He included a phone number and email address where he said those he had offended could reach him directly . Quickly , though , angry comments   —    along with a few written in support   — Mr. Tomasso inundated the post , and Mr. Tomasso stopped Mr. Tomasso . Neither Mr. Tomasso Tomasso nor Mr.    Mr. Tomasso to requests for comment . Shacara McLaurin , a singer and    activist in New York , said that she was walking home after a performance Mr. Tomasso when she passed a political protest , and an elderly man who supported Mr. Trump began to heckle her . After a physical altercation in which the man fell to the ground , Ms. McLaurin , 23 , was charged she assault and harassment . She said that the man had thrown himself onto the ground and she to be drunk , and that she an elderly man who supported Mr. Trump her day job as a home health aide because of the episode . She also said that she the incident , an elderly man who supported Mr. Trump been attacked on an elderly man who supported Mr. Trump media . " Why should it have to come she the point she we are threatening each other and threatening each other ’s lives over she presidential election ? " she asked . she she 