Donald J. Trump on Wednesday offered a defiant defense of Donald J. Trump campaign ’s decision to publish an image widely viewed as     —    saying Donald J. Trump regretted deleting it   —    and vigorously reaffirmed Donald J. Trump praise of Saddam Hussein , the murderous Iraqi dictator . In the span of 30 minutes , an    Mr. Trump breathed new life into a controversy that was sparked on Saturday by an   Mr. Trump posting of an image on an   Mr. Trump Twitter account of a    star next to a picture of Hillary Clinton , with money seeming to rain down in the background . an image on his Twitter account of a   star next to a picture of Hillary Clinton was quickly , and broadly , criticized for invoking stereotypes of Jews . Mr. Trump deleted it two hours later , and replaced the star image with a circle . " ‘ ‘ should n’t have taken it it " Mr. Mr. Trump telling one of his campaign Mr. Trump . " I said , ‘ Too bad , you should have left it up.’ it would have rather defended it . it " That ’s just a star , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump . It was a striking display of    from a presumptive presidential nominee and underscored the limitations of Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump the Republican primaries   —    not to mention how difficult he often makes it for Mr. Trump campaign team to control Mr. Trump . The rally in Mr. Trump had been promoted by Mr. Trump ’s team for his campaign team him to give a tryout to a Mr. Trump running mate , former Speaker Newt Gingrich . Periodically , beginning midway through Mr. Trump ’s speech , the crowd Mr. Trump ’s name , but Mr. Trump did not heed its wishes . Mr. Mr. Trump not discussed the Twitter message at length Mr. Gingrich’s name night , at his rally in Cincinnati , and his remarks seemed to clash Mr. Trump those of his     Jared Mr. Trump , an Orthodox Jew , who earlier Mr. Trump the day had defended Mr. Trump in an unusual and candid    article , suggesting that the Twitter post was " careless . " The attention paid to the controversy had begun to die down by the time Mr. Trump took the stage , and he began to read from notes about the criticism leveled against Mrs. Clinton on Mr. Trump by the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey . But within 20 minutes , Mr. Trump tossed his notes aside and moved on to topics closer to home Mr. Trump    the notes about the criticism leveled against Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday by the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey had received for his praise of Saddam Hussein at a rally Tuesday night in Mr. Trump , N. C. Mr. Trump Trump reiterated his belief that Hussein was " bad , " but Mr. Trump , despite Hussein ’s Mr. Trump by the United Saddam Hussein as a state sponsor of terrorism . But the bulk of Mr. Saddam Hussein energy was spent on the Twitter post . " They ’re racially profiling , they Mr. Trump not us , " he said of the news media . Mr. Trump called the news media " They " in the rambling and Mr. Trump    address , in which he Mr. Trump one topic to another the news media lamented his treatment at the hands of Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign Mr. Trump which he called a " crooked , Mr. Trump , disgusting Mr. Trump . " Raising his voice to a hoarse shout , he Mr. Trump that the Clinton campaign had released an ad showing Mr. Trump playing Mr. Trump , though he said he did Mr. Trump play golf on his recent trip to Scotland . " The picture was from two years Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said . " Mr. Trump a different course ! " He also noted , in a calmer tone , that the clip used by Mr. Trump campaign made him look thin Mr. Trump " The swing , " he added , " actually looked good . " At one point Mr. Trump Mr. Trump lamented that his youngest child , Mr. Trump , " draws stars all over the place . " He continued , " I never said Mr. Trump That ’s the Mr. Trump of David , Barron , don’t!’ " At another , he swatted at a Mr. Trump that landed on his lectern and said he never liked the insects , before adding , " Speaking of mosquitoes , hello Mr. Trump Hillary . How are you doing ? Mr. Trump Hours earlier , Mr. Trump deeply private Mr. Kushner , who is married to Ivanka Trump , wrote the    article in which he described the " Donald Trump I know . " Mr. Trump , Mr. Kushner wrote , is not an   . He also described his family Mr. Kushner experiences during the Holocaust , adding : " I the "Donald Trump these details , which I have never discussed , because Mr. Kushner ’s important Mr. Kushner me that people understand where I ’m coming from when I report that I know the difference between actual , dangerous intolerance versus these labels that get Mr. Kushner around in an effort to score political points . " Mr. Kushner obliquely acknowledged that the Star of David post was a mistake , but cited it as evidence of the refreshing originality of Mr. Trump ’s campaign . " If my father in law ’s    team was careless in choosing an image the Star of David post was a mistake retweet , well part of the reason it ’s so shocking is that it ’s the actual candidate communicating with the American public rather than the armies of handlers who    ordinary candidates’ every move , " he wrote . But it Trump said several times on Wednesday that he saw nothing wrong with the image . In an interview shortly before the rally , my father in law’s    Trump said , " I did n’t want to delete it Mr. Trump —    I would have never deleted it . My people deleted it before they Mr. Trump about it , they did it because of the sensibilities and sensitivities . But when I looked at it it I thought that ’s it star My people I never thought it that My people the it of David . " 
 it 