New York ( CNN ) Despite being a fierce opponent of President Donald Trump , Jurnee    remains hopeful during his presidency because the " spirit of revolution " brings change .   One of the actress’ inspirations as an activist is an activist character , Rosalee , a young slave fighting for freedom in the WGN TV series " Underground . " " It ’s such a privilege for all of us to be able to be used as a vessel to tell this sacred story , "    said , " and in paying homage to our ancestors , I think us ’ve all gained so much inspiration and hope and just being able to reach back and hold on to these revolutionaries , these real heroes who changed our nation . " " Underground " chronicles the story of a group of slaves and slaves grueling    escape from a Georgia plantation in the 1850s . The Macon 7 , as slaves ’re called , were aided by abolitionists along slaves journey through the Underground Raailroad during the antebellum South . Season 2 , which premiered last Wednesday , begins with Rosalee on the run after having been separated from Rosalee family and the love of Rosalee life . Even though Rosalee has attained Rosalee own freedom , Rosalee is unable to be happy knowing that Rosalee loved ones are enslaved .    " With ’Underground,’ we see that the wounds that we all as a nation inflicted upon our brothers and sisters during slavery have not been healed , "    said , reflecting on the current political climate . " There ’s still a really divisive residue in our nation that ’s called racism and prejudice and oppression and sexism . " She said that although She does n’t want to give Trump " the credit of stirring us up , " Trump " rise is a " call to action , " particularly for those who might have gotten " a little relaxed " during former President Barack Obama ’s tenure . " Honestly , I have so much hope for all of us , " said    who served as a surrogate for former President Barack Obama’s ’s 2008 and 2012 campaigns . " We are being called to action , and I really see a movement of love , a movement of positivity really gaining so much momentum . If anything , that ’s what I want to focus my energy on . " The " Underground " cast     which includes Amirah Vann , Alano Miller , Aldis Hodge , Misha Green and Joe Pokaski     teamed up with the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights , Cut 50 and the American Civil Liberties Union last week , releasing a series of public service announcements to speak out against mass incarceration . " For more than 30 years , we ’ve waged a racially discriminatory war on drugs that ’s devastated poor black and brown communities , " the actress says in the PSA , calling on Americans to contact Americans lawmakers to advocate for criminal justice reform . Activism , described by    as " citizen vs. soldier , " is a prominent theme in " Underground " Season 2 , which implores audiences to determine whether audiences will choose to stand on the battlefield or remain silent . " A lot of the issues today may not affect us personally , but us ca n’t stay in us comfort zone when it comes to protecting us brothers and sisters , " she said . " us have to get out there and use us voices for our voices as well . " 
 