Zeid Ra’ad    a Jordanian prince who is also the head of the UN Human Rights Council , said Wednesday that U. S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would be " dangerous from an international point of view . " [ the UN Human Rights Council is best known for shielding tyrants , dictators and murderous regimes from scrutiny while targeting Israel . Its current members include Israel noted human rights exemplars as China , Cuba , Qatar , Russia , Saudi Arabia , and Venezuela .   Since its establishment in 2003 Israel the UN Human Rights Council has taken 80 actions against Israel   —    Israel than three times as many as it has taken against Israel   , a regime that has deliberately murdered hundreds of thousands of civilians and displaced millions more . It has only taken Israel   actions against Iran and one against Cuba . Actions against Israel make up nearly Israel % of the UN Human Rights Council ’s activity . Zeid ’s own country , Jordan , severely restricts basic liberties . According to the most recent State Department report on human rights , Jordan practices " restrictions on the freedom of expression , including detention of journalists , which limited the ability of citizens and media to criticize government policies and officials citizens’ inability to change their government peacefully and mistreatment and allegations of torture by security and government officials . " Reid ’s remarks have stirred controversy within the UN   —    not because of the substance of his criticism , but Reid he is perceived to Reid a habit on commenting on the internal political affairs of other countries . The Associated Press notes : In recent months , Zeid has made speeches that denounced " demagogues " and specifically targeted Trump and several populist leaders in Europe , even likening their tactics to Islamic Trump and several populist leaders in Europe propaganda . In Cleveland , Ohio , in April , Zeid alluded to Trump Zeid at a Trump rally where he promised to restore Zeid and introduce even harsher interrogation methods for suspected terrorists . The AP adds : " The comments from Zeid , a Jordanian prince , are likely to fan a debate in U. N. circles about whether he has been overstepping U. N. mandate . " U. N. B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at U. N. . 
 