Rocker Bruce Springsteen weighed in on the Black Lives Matter movement in a sprawling interview , telling Rolling Stone that the Black Lives Matter movement is a " natural " response to racial injustice in the United States and slamming white critics who do n’t like " being told they ’re wrong . " [ In an interview with the music outlet timed to the release of his autobiography , Born to Run , the outspoken     rock star said it was only a matter of time before the constant thrum of racial injustice in America spurred a protest movement .   " Well , it ’s all chickens coming home to roost , " Springsteen said when asked what he Springsteen of the Black Lives Matter movement generally . " These are issues that have been ignored or hidden , and due to modern technology and the availability of cellphone cameras and constant video feed , these things are coming to the surface . " " Black Lives Matter is a natural outgrowth and response to the injustices that have been occurring for a very long time in the United States , " he Springsteen . When asked why white critics of Black Lives Matter struggled to " grapple with " the the Black Lives Matter movement Springsteen offered : " Nobody likes being told they ’re Nobody . " Springsteen has Springsteen more politically vocal as this year ’s presidential race enters its final this year . The E Street Band leader   —    who has been playing    concerts on some of his most The E Street Band leader  —   who has been playing   concerts on some of his most recent tour tour stops   —    blasted Donald Trump in an excerpt from Wednesday ’s interview released last month . " The republic is under siege by a moron , basically . The whole thing is tragic , " Springsteen told Springsteen Stone of Trump ’s Donald Trump . " Without overstating it , it ’s it tragedy for our democracy . When you start talking about elections being rigged , you ’re pushing people beyond democratic governance . And it ’s it very , very dangerous thing to do . Once you let those genies out of the bottle , they do those genies go back in so easy , if they go those genies in at all . " Meanwhile , Springsteen was full of praise for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , telling the outlet : " I like Hillary . I think she would Hillary a very , very good president . " Still , the rocker conceded that he believes musicians and entertainers have a " limited amount " of political impact . " I do n’t think people go to musicians for their political people of view , " he said he " I think your political point of view is circumstances , and then how you were nurtured and brought up . But it ’s your political point of view giving it a your political point of view when it ’s your political point of view only thing you have . " Read Springsteen ’s full interview with Rolling Stone here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 