  ( CNN ) It might seem as though Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is moving further away from the party that nominated Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Since Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump declared Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " unshackled " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s escalated Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump maverick rhetoric , hammering home Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump claims that the November 8 election is " rigged " against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .   Cornered by a flood of accusations of sexual assault , Trump ’s Fifth Avenue headquarters has become an unlikely fort from which Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s staging a last stand against an    circle of enemies that includes not only the media and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Democrat opponent , Hillary Clinton , but much of the GOP . " 100 % fabricated and made up charges . .. may poison the minds of the American voter . FIX ! " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted on October 15 . Trump ’s attempts to delegitimize our upcoming election should make clear what many Americans have known all along : Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump represents a clear and present danger to American democracy .   From the inception of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s explicitly reached out to that American underworld where    conspiracy theorists , survivalists and    militants breed . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s not only been firm in Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump commitment to the Second Amendment , but has incited violence in explicit and coded ways against a long list of internal enemies     and Hillary Clinton . It ’s hard to forget the sight of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump mimicking shooting a gun while saying last month that Hillary Clinton could shoot somebody and get away with it . For    and gun rights activists     groups with significant overlaps     Trump ’s the man , and the election the occasion , for   and gun rights activists    groups with significant overlaps     to play out   and gun rights activists    groups with significant overlaps     hand . Trump has specifically courted these constituencies from Trump very first general campaign ad , in which a member of a citizen militia is seen along with police and border patrol officers . Back then Trump had the support of most of the Republican elite , who saw nothing amiss in this representation of their party ’s agendas .     Trump has encouraged Trump fans to exploit open and concealed carry laws as Trump target those whose appearance indicates Trump might vote the " wrong way " there ’s talk of coups , violent uprisings and assassinations . In Virginia , a man recently stalked the campaign office of Democrat Jane Dittmar for 12 hours . a man told reporters that exposing a man gun was a means of " providing a voice " to closeted Trump supporters . In this heated atmosphere , the Federal Bureau of Investigation foiled an alleged plot by three members of a    " sovereign citizen and   " group to blow up a    apartment complex in Kansas . Meant as a message of protest to Americans , the terror attack was scheduled for November 9 .   Voter security and free elections are among the primary criteria for democracy worldwide , and have always been at the heart of America ’s reputation as a " land of the free . " So it ’s a very sad commentary on America that the Organization for Security and    in Europe , which monitors elections worldwide , is observing three presidential elections : Moldova , Bulgaria and the United States . Here , it it deploying 10 times the number of observers ( more than 400 ) than it it in 2012 , chiefly in response to the group ’s assessment of the threat posed by Trump ’s candidacy . Top Republicans seemed to finally be acknowledging the gravity of the situation . Trump Trump’s running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , stated that " we running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence absolutely accept the results of the election . " And House Speaker Paul Ryan made his House Speaker Paul Ryan stab at quelling the " rigged election " theory , stating that he House Speaker Paul Ryan " fully confident " the the election be conducted " with integrity . " Yet he delivered House Speaker Paul Ryan message House Speaker Paul Ryan a spokesperson rather than speaking directly to the American people , as one would hope a leader in a time of national emergency would see fit to do . And most importantly , Ryan did not rescind his formal Ryan of Trump as GOP candidate .   Meanwhile , Trump fans Trump flames further , attributing the firebombing of the GOP ’s North Carolina office on October 16 to " animals representing " Clinton and state Democrats , even though the investigation is still underway .   The puzzling continued endorsement given Trump by Trump and Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus makes sense if one thing is considered . Trump , unshackled , is still drawing on two core components of the GOP playbook : encouraging    sentiment while facilitating the citizen access to arms , including those of military caliber . The Republican leadership has refused for years to reckon with the national security threats posed by this toxic combination . This election has made the extent of that threat crystal clear . No wonder Trump ’s a nightmare for many conservatives right now : His followers Trump talk of violent uprisings surrounding the election This election the    subversive core of the Republican Party . Whatever the results on November 8 , the GOP     what will be left of it     has the results on November 8 serious    to do . 
 