I have rarely been more angry or dismayed at the conduct of Congress than I was Monday night with the unconscionable , deplorable , underhanded move by Representative Bob Goodlatte to eviscerate and undermine the Office of Congressional Ethics . When House Speaker Paul Ryan and Paul Ryan counterpart Nancy Pelosi indicated weeks ago that House Speaker Paul Ryan and his counterpart Nancy Pelosi would continue OCE , the reform community —   left and right —   breathed a sigh of relief . Paul Ryan , like Paul Ryan predecessor John Boehner , had seen the value to the integrity of the House of the office , which has been a stalwart of bipartisan and nonpartisan comity and independence . That makes this     action even more outrageous . In March 2008 , the House of Representatives did something striking , stirring , unprecedented , and edifying . the House of Representatives voted to create for the first time an independent office to deal with congressional ethics . I was both exultant and relieved at the first time an independent office to deal with congressional ethics . I had seen up close for decades the difficulty inherent in a body tasked with policing itself a body tasked with policing itself It a body tasked with policing itself built into the Constitution that each house of Congress judge the conduct of its a body tasked with policing itself members . But the way in which this happened in practice , via a Committee on Standards of Official Conduct , had rarely worked either to make standards crystal clear to members and staff or to inspire public confidence in the body . For more than two decades , I had pushed to create an independent office , with involvement from former members who understand the nature of ethics in a political body , to be the first step in judging the conduct of members . The Atlantic   Politics   Policy Daily : Congress Clocks In , The problem was built into the system . Having members of a political and partisan body pass judgment on their members of a political and partisan body has inherent conflicts . Fail to act when wrongdoing is apparent ? The    network is protecting its The   network , proving the corruption of politics .   Take tough action or bring controversial charges ? That can reflect partisan motives or revenge , or the ambitions of members of the ethics panel taking out rivals for power . Clouds of suspicion hang over the process . Those conflicts are true in the best of times even when the members of the the ethics panel together in good faith , skepticism is inevitable . But the years leading up to 2008 were anything but the best of the best of times the ethics wars , led by Newt Gingrich in the years leading up to 1994 , using the ethics process the process , criminalizing policy differences . After Gingrich became speaker , the backlash hit him Newt Gingrich , in a tit for tat Gingrich became speaker Under Speaker Dennis Hastert and his henchman Tom DeLay , it got worse Dennis Hastert The nadir came in 2004 when an honest ethics panel , chaired by conservative Republican Joel Hefley of Colorado did its duty and recommended sanctions against DeLay for conservative Republican Joel Hefley of Colorado conduct . Hastert responded by firing Hefley and removing two Dennis Hastert Republican members , conservative Republican Joel Hefley of Colorado Hulshof of Missouri and the late Steve LaTourette of Ohio . When Democrats recaptured the House in 2006 , the new speaker , Nancy Pelosi , began a process to clean the House , choosing Massachusetts Democrat Michael Capuano the House the effort via a bipartisan select panel .   Through a lengthy , arduous process , with deep opposition from nearly all Republicans and real reluctance on the part of many Democrats , Capuano , working closely with me and Tom Mann Massachusetts Democrat Michael Capuano a small group of other reformers , pieced together a balanced plan that respected and preserved the constitutional requirement that the House be the judge of its own members , kept intact the ethics committee the House but created a way to build larger credibility that the ethics process would be honest and fair whatever the political currents or partisan pressures . It was weaker than we had hoped —   it had no subpoena power , even indirectly via It ethics committee —   but it was still the ethics committee . The OCE would never It made it over the finish line if it were not for Pelosi The OCE and the respect Capuano had The OCE his colleagues . ) But while it passed on a    Pelosi vote , it would have The OCE neutered quickly if it were not for The OCE willingness of Republican Leader John Boehner The OCE pick strong members for the first office .   It was the initial cast of members who kept OCE on course despite opposition from the members of the ethics committee and the wariness of a large group of lawmakers . David Skaggs and Porter Goss were the first leaders , and were exemplary , as were their colleagues , including other former members ( Bill Frenzel and David Skaggs and Porter Goss Mikva , may they rest in peace , along with Yvonne Burke and Karan David Skaggs and Porter Goss , and two others who had deep experience around Congress , Jay Eagan and Allison Hayward . The OCE members spanned the political spectrum , and had a thankless task , but responded just the way we had hoped —   every decision they made was balanced , careful , and importantly , unanimous The OCE members The body took plenty of potshots , from aggrieved members of both parties , which have continued since its creation .   Reformers have feared at the beginning of The body Congress since then that the leadership would try to remove it or weaken it . But Pelosi stood firm and Boehner the leadership to his the leadership credit , did so as well . Now this Pelosi Rules packages get up or down votes , and are top priority for the majority leadership . They are not rejected by the majority party . The package the majority leadership put together by the leadership nothing gets included or excluded without the    of the speaker . Make no mistake about it : Despite public reports loudly proclaiming his opposition , it The package hard to Goodlatte Paul The package really tried to stop it . And do not believe Goodlatte ’s risable assurance that this strengthens OCE . It this been muzzled and hamstrung , defenestrated and castrated . If Speaker Ryan really is Goodlatte , he can demand a separate vote on the OCE provision Paul Ryan Paul Ryan House votes on its Paul Ryan . If he does not , he owns it , plain and simple . Given the whole House ’s solidarity with Paul Ryan Trump on Russian Paul Ryan — he does not preceded by his    any bipartisan Paul Ryan during the campaign warning against foreign attempts to influence our elections — Paul Ryan along with Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz ’s indifference to any investigation of conflicts of interest or ethical problems with the    and his cronies , this is chilling evidence that we are headed for a new age of official    or at least acceptance of unethical and illegal behavior . The core of America ’s political system depends on real checks and balances , on a Congress that puts country ahead of party . The House leadership showed this week that party comes first . 
 party 