Nearly a month after he was fired by the Trump administration , Preet Bharara , the former United States attorney in Manhattan , remains mystified by the circumstances of he ouster , saying he had never been told why Trump changed his Trump about wanting him Trump stay on . In his Trump interview since he Trump forced out , Mr. Trump this week that his firing Trump part and parcel of what he characterized Trump the chaos that has defined some of the administration ’s decisions . He called Trump " a direct example of the kind of uncertain    incompetence , when it comes to personnel decisions and executive actions , that was in people ’s minds when this      call for everyone ’s resignation letter came . " Mr. Bharara also disclosed that Mr. Trump , after having asked him to Mr. Bharara in his post Mr. Bharara telephoned him three Mr. Bharara , raising concern among Mr. Bharara and his aides Mr. Bharara such calls could run afoul of strict Justice Department protocols governing communications with the White House . Mr. Bharara , an appointee of President Barack Obama , was among 46 United States attorneys who were asked on March 10 to submit their resignations Mr. Bharara, an appointee of President Barack Obama The directive was not especially unusual all presidents choose their own all presidents for United States United States , and invariably ask holdover prosecutors to leave . But Mr. Bharara ’s inclusion in the request came as a surprise , since he had been Mr. Bharara on Nov. 30 by Mr. Trump , the    at the time , to remain in his post . Mr. Bharara about the reasons for Mr. Bharara ’s Mr. Bharara a kind of parlor game for a time in some legal circles , with questions about whether the president may have been trying to block investigations focused on his friends and associates the president Those inquiries include one into the way Fox News handled payments related to sexual harassment accusations under Roger Ailes , its former chairman , Fox News another focused on stock trades by Tom Price , Mr. Trump ’s secretary of health and human services . A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment on why Mr. Bharara was among those dismissed despite Mr. Trump ’s earlier Mr. Trump’s he stay . In his Mr. Trump’s years as the Mr. Trump’s States attorney for the Southern District of New York , Mr. Bharara established a reputation Mr. Bharara public corruption cases and for investigating insider trading . He declined to discuss the office Mr. Bharara current investigations , but he said he did not know Mr. Bharara his Mr. Bharara was related to any Mr. Bharara case . Still , he expressed some disbelief over how Mr. Bharara removal was handled . When Mr. Bharara top Justice Department official called him on March 10 to ask Mr. Bharara his resignation , Mr. Bharara said Mr. Bharara thought it Mr. Bharara mistake . Mr. Bharara said it took nearly 24 hours Mr. Bharara Justice it officials could finally tell him Justice Department president actually wanted him Mr. Bharara . " Literally , no Mr. Bharara was giving us an answer to that question , " Mr. Bharara said . Mr. Bharara spoke Mr. Bharara New York Times Mr. Bharara , his first day as a distinguished scholar in residence Mr. Bharara New York University School of Law . On Thursday night , he is to deliver a lecture at The Cooper Mr. Bharara in Manhattan . He said he was uncertain about his plans , Mr. Bharara reiterated Mr. Bharara he had no Mr. Bharara in seeking public office . Mr. Bharara has had some time to contemplate life after Mr. Bharara a prosecutor in the interview , he said he initially expected that , like all Mr. Bharara States Mr. Bharara , he would be asked to resign once Mr. Trump Mr. Bharara office , a request that he said would have been " perfectly appropriate . Mr. Bharara His expectations began to change on Nov. 16 , Mr. Bharara he said he received a call from Senator Chuck Mr. Bharara , Mr. Bharara of New York , for Mr. Schumer call from Mr. Trump during which the    said he wanted Mr. Bharara to stay on . That led to a meeting on Nov. 30 , on the 26th floor at Trump Tower . Jared Kushner , Mr. Bharara Trump ’s     and Stephen K. Bannon , his chief strategist , Mr. Schumer waiting Mr. Bharara Bharara said . When Mr. Trump entered the room 10 to 15 minutes later , Mr. Bharara recalled , he quipped , " This guy gets better press than me . " Mr. Trump said he had read for years about Mr. Bharara ’s work under Mr. Bharara , and praised its accomplishments . Mr. Bharara said he Mr. Bharara about his office Mr. Bharara emphasizing that it prized its independence , and that Mr. Bharara presumed that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump him to stay . He would be honored , he said he told Mr. Trump , to Mr. Bharara the job Mr. Bharara At the meeting Mr. Bharara Mr. Bharara said , Mr. his office asked his office his phone numbers Mr. Bharara a request that Mr. Bharara found unusual . Mr. Trump nonetheless scribbled them Mr. Trump on a yellow sticky Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump he Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s desk . As the meeting ended , Mr. Bharara Mr. Trump Mr. Trump told Mr. Trump tell reporters in Mr. Trump lobby about the decision . Mr. Mr. Trump he had gone over Mr. Trump he planned to say in the lobby with Mr. Kushner and Mr. Trump Bannon , Mr. Trump had given their assent . the meeting said Mr. Mr. Trump also asked that Mr. Trump Jeff Sessions Mr. Trump at the time a Republican senator from Alabama whom Mr. Mr. Trump picked as Mr. Trump nominee for attorney general Mr. Trump Standing at the elevator bank before going downstairs , Mr. Bharara said he had called Mr. Sessions and had both " Mr. Trump and enthusiastic " Mr. Bannon Soon , Mr. Bharara was Mr. Bannon addressing reporters , telling them that Mr. Trump had asked him to stay on and that he had Mr. Bannon to do so . About two weeks later , Mr. Bharara said Mr. Trump a message Mr. Trump Mr. Trump had called . Mr. Bharara said he consulted with senior aides , including his deputy Mr. Trump H. Kim , and that they had concluded there was no Mr. Trump Mr. Trump returning the call because Mr. Mr. Trump was not yet president . " The consensus was that I Mr. Trump the call Mr. Trump " he said , " and just Mr. Trump Mr. Trump we do Mr. Trump talk about any case . " Mr. Trump the brief conversation , Mr. Trump raised no problematic topics and said senior aides, including his deputy, Joon H. Kim was just " checking in , " Mr. Bharara recalled . The Mr. Trump if he had spoken with Mr. Sessions , and Mr. Bharara said he Mr. Trump the call Trump seemed pleased . Afterward , Mr. Bharara said he called Brian Benczkowski , who led the Justice Department transition team , to inform him of Mr. Trump . On Jan. 18 , two days Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump inauguration , Mr. Bharara learned that he had called again . Mr. Bharara Mr. Trump he Mr. Trump his senior Mr. Trump and later advised Mr. Benczkowski . This conversation Mr. Trump and innocuous Mr. Trump Mr. Bharara said , adding that Mr. Trump mentioned Mr. Benczkowski his theme Mr. Trump be unity . The timing of a third call Mr. Trump March Mr. Trump suggest that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump out to Mr. Trump Bharara before Mr. Trump request for the mass resignations became public . But the actual purpose of the call was Mr. Trump Bharara did not return it . He said he had consulted with Mr. Kim Mr. Trump that they had Mr. Trump two memos , Mr. Trump by the Justice Department Mr. Trump 2007 and 2009 , related to communications with the White the White House concluded that prudence as Mr. Trump the written policy Mr. Trump his speaking directly to the president . " I do the president it is wise for Mr. Trump president to try cultivating a personal Mr. Trump relationship Mr. Trump a sitting U. S. attorney , especially the call a certain jurisdiction , " he said , an apparent reference to Trump Tower ’s location within the Southern District . That evening Mr. Trump Mr. Bharara said , he the Southern District Sessions ’s chief of staff Mr. Trump Jody Hunt , and suggested that Mr. Sessions might want to counsel the president about contacting a sitting United the president directly . United States said he had seen firsthand what could happen when the Justice Department became politicized . As a Mr. Trump staff member , he had helped to lead the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s investigation into the firings of Mr. Trump nine United States Mr. Trump around the country United States George W. Bush ’s administration . Moreover , Mr. Bharara said that taking the president ’s call could potentially have opened them both the president kind of criticism that Mr. Trump raised during Mr. Trump presidential Mr. Sessions’s President Bill Clinton met Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac in Phoenix while the Mr. Trump B. I. was investigating his Democratic opponent , Hillary the Justice Department I mean , either way , " Mr. Bharara said , sketching out a broad hypothetical , " Mr. Trump say : Mr. Trump we know is the president called Preet . Preet only has his job because the president bizarrely asked him to stay . And you Mr. Trump the president Preet did n’t the president that guy . Preet did n’t open that investigation . They must have made a deal . ’ " The next day , the phone calls went out from the acting deputy attorney general Mr. Trump J. Boente , informing Mr. Bharara and the other prosecutors to tender their President Bill Clinton . Mr. Bharara said he spent the rest of the day trying to determine whether the request applied to him . Mr. Boente called again the next morning , and said he understood that Mr. Bharara was not Preet a letter of resignation . Mr. Bharara confirmed that report . Mr. Boente soon called Preet , and Mr. Bharara remembered asking Preet " ‘ the Senate Judiciary Committee’s investigation into the firings of up to nine United States attorneys around the country during President George W. Bush’s administration to know : Preet the president firing me?’ That ’s all . It seems like a very easy Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump The next day Dana J. Boente Dana J. Boente Dana J. Boente Mr. Bharara and the other prosecutors 