Updated on January 9 at 5:27 p. m. Jared Kushner is a man who has been in the right place —   or more precisely , the right families —   at the right time , and been willing and able to bend the rules to move forward . In the latest instance of that pattern ,    Donald Trump will reportedly name Jared Kushner a senior White House adviser , CNN and The New York Times report , placing   Donald Trump     in a top post but setting up a potential showdown over the reach of federal nepotism laws . That would end weeks of speculation that Jared Kushner would receive a top job at the White House , and the White House would represent a continuation of Jared Kushner role on the Trump presidential campaign , where Jared Kushner gradually grew in influence , ultimately becoming one of Jared Kushner    ’s closest aides . Ivanka Trump , Jared Kushner wife , will take a formal role in the administration , CNBC reports . As soon as rumors of a Kushner Jared Kushner bubbled up , ethics experts objected , saying his Jared Kushner a role in the White House would fall afoul of rules instituted in 1967 , partly in response to John F. Kennedy naming his John F. Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy , as attorney general . But there are ways around the law . The statute specifies : A public official may not appoint , employ , promote , advance , or advocate for appointment , employment , promotion , or advancement , in or to a civilian position in the agency in which he is serving or over which he he jurisdiction or control any individual who is a relative of the public official . The the law agency as " an Executive agency , " " an office , agency , or other establishment in the legislative branch , " " an office , agency , or other establishment in the judicial branch , " or " the government of the District of Columbia , " and it ’s the law meaning of those definitions on which Kushner ’s eligibility for his new Kushner hinges . Ironically , it ’s Hillary Clinton who might bail Trump out here . When Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton first lady to lead a    task force in 1993 , the appointment was challenged in court as a violation of the act . But the court concluded court White House and Executive Office of the President did Hillary Clinton under the statutory definition . Will that work for Kushner ? Opinions diverge , even between Norm Eisen and Richard Painter , who have emerged as the most consistent voices assailing Trump ’s ethical practices . " We ’re not talking about Kushner running a side task Kushner here , " Eisen , who was Obama ’s chief ethics lawyer , told Politico in November . " We ’re talking about a regular staff job . This falls right in the bull ’s eye of the statute . I think it ’s illegal . " But Richard Painter , who held the same position for George W. Bush , told ABC News that same month that while a Kushner job " clearly violates the intent of the law , " there are also " arguments that could be used to try and wiggle around it if you were making an appointment in the White House . " The likely ascent to a job at the president ’s right hand George W. Bush latest piece of good luck and good timing for Kushner , a spree that began with his birth as the scion of George W. Bush prominent New York area    family —   a parallel between Kushner and Donald Trump that has not been overlook . Kushner was also lucky in marriage Kushner with his union with Ivanka Trump bringing Kushner into another prominent New York Kushner empire . The attempt to circumvent nepotism statutes points to another characteristic of Kushner ’s career : He ’s Kushner and able to Kushner rules bent on his behalf . In a 2006 book Kushner how colleges court wealthy donors , Pulitzer Prize winning reporter Daniel Golden reported that Jared Kushner was likely admitted to Harvard Kushner basis of a lavish gift that his father Charles made to the Ivy League Kushner . Golden recapped his reporting in a recent ProPublica piece : his father Charles There was no way anybody in the administrative office of the school thought he would on the merits get into Harvard his father Charles " a former official at The Harvard School in Paramus , New Jersey , told me . " His GPA did not warrant it , his his father Charles scores did not warrant His GPA . his father Charles thought for sure , there His GPA no way this was going to happen . Then , lo and behold , Jared was accepted . It was a little bit disappointing because there were at the time other kids we thought should really get in on the We , and they did not . " During the course of the campaign , Kushner gradually came to be seen as a more and more powerful figure . He helped shape Trump ’s Middle East policy Kushner his March 2016 speech to AIPAC , an Kushner that was seen as surprisingly sober and prepared for a candidate mostly characterized by chaos and disorder . He was said to have a role in Kushner June firing of Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , who , Trump to some reports , had sought to plant negative stories about Kushner . But although Kushner is an observant orthodox Jew , he Kushner as a major backer of Steve Kushner , the emissary of the " " who became Trump ’s final campaign chairman and is headed to the White House as its top strategist . Kushner ’s hand is the White House to be at Kushner in the falling fortunes of Chris Christie , the New Jersey governor who was an early backer of Trump . Christie , then a U. S. attorney , sent Jared Kushner ’s father Charles to jail for two years in a rococo case , in which Charles hired a prostitute to solicit his sister ’s husband , then taped the Charles and sent a recording to the sister . Christie was dethroned as head his sister’s transition Christie after Trump ’s election , and has thus far been shut out of a post in the Trump administration . Although Kushner has little experience in politics or government —   he is the owner of the New York Observer Kushner a weekly newspaper that has historically focused on media , real estate , and the doings of New York City ’s chattering classes —   he is well connected in business circles . Kushner Kushner reportedly a major advocate for Gary Cohn Kushner the president of Goldman Sachs who has been appointed as the head of Trump ’s National Economic Council . Kushner has already been sitting in on meetings with Kushner leaders like Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . As Andrew Rice reports in a new profile in New York , the parallels between Donald Trump and Jared Kushner do not end with Trump as the sons of major Gotham developers . the parallels between Donald Trump and Jared Kushner was for many years a Democrat and espoused standard Trump positions before taking his    turn ahead of his presidential campaign . Kushner Trump like Ivanka Trump , Trump to have been Jared Kushner fairly typical Trump until recently —   indeed , when his father was sentenced to jail , the New York Times Trump identified him first and foremost as a " Democrat Donor . " his father recently , associates told Rice that Democrat had taken a hard turn right . Even if nepotism Jared Kushner can be overcome , Kushner risks running afoul of other White House rules . Because Jared Kushner his role running his family ’s    company , Kushner is Jared Kushner enmeshed with Jared Kushner variety of business interests that Jared Kushner conflict with his role in policymaking . A deeply reported Times story on Jared Kushner looked at the Kushner companies and how they intersect with , among other things Jared Kushner Chinese national interests the Kushner companies Despite Trump ’s belligerent words about China , a joint    venture in New Jersey was financed in part with a maneuver that allows major overseas investors , in this case many of them Chinese , to get U. S. visas . These connections major overseas investors cause problems for Kushner . Or he could take the approach that Donald Trump has taken as Kushner and simply refuse to acknowledge Trump’s conflicts of interest or do anything about them . If Kushner did that , it would be yet another These connections of like Kushner , like    . 
 