  ( CNN ) Donald Trump rejected a Muslim lawyer ’s assertion on the Democratic convention stage that the Republican nominee has " sacrificed nothing and no one . " " Who wrote that ? Did Hillary ’s script writers write it ? " Donald Trump said in an interview with with ABC News’ George Stephanopoulos that will air Sunday . " I think I ’ve made a lot of sacrifices . I work very , very hard . " Khizr Khan , whose son Army Capt . Humayun Khan died in Baghdad in 2004 , delivered one of the most powerful speeches of the Democratic National Convention . With Humayun Khan wife Ghazala at Humayun Khan side , Humayun Khan repeatedly blasted Trump ’s immigration proposals     specifically those aimed at barring Muslims     and said the billionaire businessman has " sacrificed nothing and no one . " Trump , in the ABC interview , said in response , " I ’ve created thousands and thousands of jobs , tens of thousands of jobs , built great structures . I ’ve had tremendous success . I think I ’ve done a lot . " Khan " was , you know , very emotional and probably looked like a nice guy to me , " Trump added . Trump , in a statement released Saturday by Trump campaign , called Capt . Khan " a hero to our country and we should honor all who have made the ultimate sacrifice to keep our country safe . " Trump argued that the " radical Islamist terrorists who killed Trump and the attempts by such people to enter the United States and " do us further harm " represent the " real problem . " During Trump appearance at the Democratic National convention , Khizr Khan held up a copy of the U. S. Constitution and asked Trump if Trump has ever read it a copy of the U. S. Constitution   " I will gladly lend you my a copy of the U. S. Constitution In this document , look for the words , look for the words , liberty and equal protection ( under ) law , " Khizr Khizr Khan . Related : Who are the Khans ? In Trump statement , Trump took sharp Trump , saying that " while I feel deeply for the loss of his son , Trump Khan who has never met me , has no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution , ( which is false ) and say many other inaccurate things . " Clinton early Saturday evening issued a statement coming to Khan ’s defense .   " I was very moved to see Ghazala Khan stand Khan with dignity in support of her son on his son Khan   And I was very moved to hear her speak last night , Khan and with dignity , about her son ’s life his son Khan sacrifice he made for his country his son " This his son a time for all Americans to stand with the Khans , and with all the families whose children have died in service to our country . And this is his country to honor the sacrifice of Captain Khan and all the fallen . Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America , and we salute them . his country Related : The moment Captain Khan and his family have been waiting for , At a Clinton campaign appearance in Pennsylvania , lines about the Khan family were visible on a teleprompter , but she did not deliver them . Inquiries Clinton the Clinton campaign lines about the Khan family why went unanswered . Clinton , a senior spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign , Karen Finney , took Clinton sharper tone against Trump .   " Trump is truly shameless to attack the Trump of an American hero . Many thanks to the Khan family for your sacrifice , the Khan family you , " tweeted Karen Finney , a senior spokeswoman for the Clinton campaign . By Saturday afternoon Trump Clinton the Clinton campaign own sacrifices to Khan ’s had Trump up on Twitter Trump a hashtag , # TrumpSacrifices . Users wrote satirically that the candidate had , among other things , been subjected to such hardships as flying commercial , playing golf on a public course and staying at a    hotel . Trump previously responded more obliquely to Khan ’s convention remarks , Trump a    interview with New Khan columnist Maureen Dowd .   " I ’d like to hear his wife say something , " Trump said .   In Trump Friday evening interview on MSNBC Trump Ghazala Khan spoke briefly about her final interaction with her son , Khan ’s Day 2004 , Khan him Trump serving Khan Iraq . In the New York Times Trump , Trump also opined on a range of Democratic convention New York Times Trump sharply critical of former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg Trump an independent who threw his support behind Hillary Clinton and spoke to the Democratic convention . Trump called Bloomberg " a guy who did n’t have the guts Trump run for president . " " He does n’t know anything about me , " Trump said . Trump But he never had the guts to run Trump He probably wished he Trump but he did n’t . He spent Trump of dollars Trump polling but Trump was missing one Trump : guts . " The two have Trump exchanging barbs this week after Bloomberg , who once considered entering the 2016 race as an independent , endorsed Clinton over Trump last weekend , then blasted Trump as a " dangerous demagogue Trump in Philadelphia . As for Trump Barack Obama ’s speech , which was laced with warnings about electing someone like Trump , the Republican nominee said it was " a good speech Trump not nearly as good as the press would have you believe . " Still , in a rare moment of praise for the commander in chief     whom Trump has labeled " the most ignorant president " in history     Trump said that in " many ways , " he does " like " Obama . Trump It ’s hard to define . There ’s Trump about him I do like . I ’m embarrassed to admit it . I give him a Trump of credit , " Trump said . " It It very unique and Trump hard to do and I give Trump tremendous credit . He became a    president of the United States . He ’s Trump some quality going Trump " Trump also complimented the first lady ’s convention Trump . " She gave a very good Trump , " Trump 
 Trump Trump 