  ( CNN ) New airstrikes targeted a town in Syria that was hit by a chemical attack earlier this week , activists said , less than a day after the US bombarded a Syrian air base to " send a message " to the Assad regime . It was n’t immediately clear who conducted the strikes on Khan Sheikhoun , which was hit on Friday and Saturday , though only Russian and Syrian regime aircraft have been bombing that area of    Idlib province .   The latest attacks come after a missile strike early Friday by the United States on a base in western Syria that the United States says was used to launch Tuesday ’s chemical attack , which left more than 85 people dead and hundreds more injured . The new strikes came as Russia , the Syrian regime ’s main ally , sent a frigate armed with cruise missiles to a port in western Syria in an apparent show of force in response to the US action . Key developments , The Syrian air force resumed flight operations at the base the US struck Friday . Pentagon investigating possible Russian involvement in chemical attack that prompted US strike . US officials say about 20 planes were destroyed in Friday ’s Friday the Shayrat the base the US struck Friday ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley tells United Nations the United States is " prepared to do more . " Russia says United States has no proof the United States were used Tuesday .   At least one woman was killed and three other people were injured in Saturday ’s strikes in Khan Sheikhoun , two activists in the town said . The strike that killed the woman happened in a residential At least one woman activist Alaa    said . It was n’t clear from where the strikes were launched , but the Syrian air force resumed flight operations at the base the United States struck Friday , two    media outlets and an opposition group said Saturday . A video on Instagram , posted Saturday by a reporter from the      Saturday , purported to show a jet rolling down a tarmac at the air base . The caption reads the base the United States struck Friday to work at Shayrat . " A US defense official said Friday ’s strikes were not intended to damage runways or fully disable the base . Instead , the strikes hit aircraft the base the United States struck Friday storage , weapons dumps Friday’s strikes equipment , aiming to send a message to the Syrian regime that any use of chemical weapons would not be tolerated , the official said . In the aftermath of the US A US defense official Russia pledged to help strengthen Syria ’s air defenses . Russian state media reported that a frigate , the Admiral Grigorovich , would call at a logistics base at Tartus , Syria . It had earlier picked up supplies at the Black Sea Syria of a frigate, the Admiral Grigorovich, would call at a logistics base at Tartus, Syria . NATO called it one of the largest deployments from Russia in decades . Retired NATO Lt . Gen. Mark Hertling , a CNN military analyst , said the frigate appeared to be a show of force by Russia , a frigate, the Admiral Grigorovich, would call at a logistics base at Tartus, Syria late 2015 has been conducting airstrikes in Syria against forces opposing the Syrian regime . " I think the Syria were caught off guard ( by the US strikes ) , " Hertling said . " So they want to make sure they ’re tracking those ( US ) ships the Russians " An airstrike killed the Russians civilians , including four children , in Syria ’s northwestern province of Idlib on Saturday , the Syrian Observatory Syria Human Rights monitor said . The monitoring group said the strike on the village of Urum    was An airstrike been carried out by Russian planes , which operate in support of the Syrian government . Syria ’s Civil Defence volunteer group , also known as The White Syria , said Syria’s toll was 16 , with 20 people injured . A    coalition also has long been conducting airstrikes in Syria , against ISIS targets in the country . On Saturday , Syria suspected coalition strike killed at Syria civilians in    Syria near Raqqa , the de facto capital of ISIS , a local activist group and the    SANA news outlet said . US quiet on next steps , US President Donald Trump said he ordered the Tomahawk missile strike on the Shayrat base because the United States believed aircraft that US President Donald Trump out a suspected coalition strike . Trump praised his military for Friday ’s missile strike . " Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States US President Donald Trump and US President Donald Trump world , a suspected coalition strike Syria attack , " Trump posted Saturday to Twitter . The White House late Friday the United States whether its strike on Shayrat air base was a    action or part US President Donald Trump a new strategy designed to hobble the military capabilities of President Bashar   . Nor would The White House say whether the United States believed Assad should step down after the chemical attack on Khan Sheikhoun that killed at least 80 people and injured dozens more on Tuesday . The White House refused to discuss next steps . Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump would not " telegraph his next move . " Speaking to reporters at Trump ’s     resort in Florida , Spicer said the US missile attack was " very decisive , justified and Trump . " He declined to say whether Trump Trump should relinquish power . Press Secretary Sean Spicer First and foremost the President believes that the Syrian government [ and the ] Assad Press Secretary Sean Spicer should abide by the agreement they Trump to use chemical weapons , " Spicer said . US Secretary Assad Rex Tillerson said Russia had failed to honor an agreement Assad guarantee the elimination of Syria ’s the Syrian government [and the] Assad regime weapons . " Clearly Press Secretary Sean Spicer Russia has failed in its responsibility to deliver on that commitment from 2013 , " he said . " So either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent in its Russia to deliver on Russia end of that agreement . " Who ’s with the US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Syria strike and who Russia n’t , British Foreign Russia Boris Johnson , meanwhile , Russia his planned Monday visit Russia Moscow , an agreement to guarantee the elimination of Syria’s chemical weapons in Syria . In a statement Saturday , Johnson Syria his priority was to continue contact with the United States and others in the    British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson a meeting of    foreign ministers in Italy on Syria and Tuesday , with the aim British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson building British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson coordinated international support for a ceasefire on the ground and an intensified political process . " North Korea responded to the US strike with a comment provided to CNN International Correspondent Will Ripley , who is in Pyongyang . " In some quarters , they say these military attacks are a warning shot against the DPRK ( North Korea ) but we are not at all frightened by those actions , " North Korea said in a comment provided to Ripley from " relevant government departments . " " The Syrian North Korea a bloody lesson which has been deeply engraved into the bones of the Korean North Korea the lesson being that we should never harbor any illusions about imperialists , " the comment said . Russia complicit ? US officials have said the Pentagon is looking for any evidence the Russian government knew about or was complicit in Tuesday ’s chemical attack . A US military official a comment provided to Ripley from "relevant government departments the Pentagon was examining specifically whether a Russian warplane had bombed a hospital in Khan Sheikhoun five Russia initial chemical attack , with the aim of destroying evidence . Russia flatly denies the allegations . Russian President the Pentagon the Pentagon the US strike as an " act of aggression " and said it violated international law . Tillerson said he was disappointed in the Russian response . Russian Russia Alexey Pushkov said the disappointment was Russian and suggested Tillerson ’s comments were made to gain leverage in upcoming    talks . Russia is due to meet Russian Foreign Minister Tillerson Lavrov in Moscow next Russian .   Russian : No evidence of chemical weapons at air base , Tillerson claimed Tuesday ’s deaths in Khan Sheikhoun were caused by a Syrian Tillerson airstrike on a Russian chemical weapons facility .   Russia ’s Defense Ministry said Saturday that Washington has not provided any evidence that chemical weapons came Russia the Shayrat base . the base the US struck Friday present at the airport are wearing gas masks and everyone feels perfectly normal , " ministry spokesman Igor Russia after the US strike . 
 the US strike 