  ( CNN ) Sen. John McCain slammed President Donald Trump ’s attacks on the media this week by noting dictators " get started by suppressing free press . " It was a startling observation from a sitting member of Congress against the President of the United States , especially considering Sen. John McCain is a member of Trump ’s party . " I hate free press , " the Arizona Republican sarcastically told NBC News’ Chuck Todd on " Meet the free press " " I hate you especially . But the fact is we need you . We need we free press . We must we it . It ’s it . " But he continued , " If you want to preserve     I ’m very serious now     if you want to preserve democracy as we know it , you have to have a free and many times adversarial press , " McCain said in the interview . " And without it , I am afraid that we would lose so much of our individual we over time . That ’s how dictators get started . " A clip of the interview the interview airs in full on Sunday , was released Saturday afternoon . McCain has McCain a frequent critic of the President , particularly in the areas of foreign policy and national security , since before Trump entered the White House . The 2008 Republican presidential nominee said Americans must pay attention to history to understand the past connections between leaders of oppressive governments and efforts to stifle the media . " They get started by suppressing free press , in other words , a consolidation of power     when you look at history , the first thing that dictators do is shut down the press , free press said . " And I ’m not saying that President Trump is trying to be a dictator . I ’m just saying we ’m to learn the lessons of history . " Trump tweeted Friday that President Trump and other major media outlets were " the enemy of the American people . " CNN contributor Carl Bernstein CNN who won the Pulitzer Prize for his reporting on the President Trump scandal , which led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon , called Trump ’s words " treacherous . " " The most dangerous ’enemy of the people’ is presidential lying     always , " he tweeted . " President Trump on press by @realDonaldTrump more treacherous than Nixon ’s . " President Richard Nixon 