Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ruled out Thursday a pathway to legal status for undocumented immigrants in the United States , walking back comments Donald Trump made earlier this week in which Donald Trump appeared open to the idea . But the Republican nominee declined in an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper to clarify whether the Republican nominee would still forcibly deport the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US     a major tenet of the Republican nominee immigration platform     after the Republican nominee suggested this week the Republican nominee was " softening " on the idea . " There ’s no path to legalization unless they legalization the country , " Trump said after an event in Manchester , New Hampshire . " When they legalization back in , then they legalization start paying taxes , but there is no path to legalization unless they legalization the the country then come back . " Trump said Trump on his first Trump in office , he would Trump law enforcement to actively deport " bad dudes , " such as those who have committed crimes , which he said Trump " probably millions . " But he declined Trump flatly say whether he would Trump up other undocumented immigrants , stressing that once the initial deportations occur , " then we can talk . " " There is a very good chance the answer could be yes , " Trump said when asked if he would Trump those who have lived here peacefully but without papers . " We ’re going to see what happens . " Trump ’s Trump the latest turn in a    recalibration of his position on Trump , which Trump said he Trump crystallize Trump a speech next week . During the primary , Trump advocated unequivocally Trump deporting undocumented immigrants , and the shifts he has hinted Trump would be a    flip on a trademark issue . Trump had said Trump this week that he would be Trump to a " softening " on immigration , and made a series of comments that indicated a path to legalization was likely as long as they paid taxes legalization from their time living legalization illegally . Yet Trump now seems Trump be reverting to his original plan Trump one derided as a " touchback " policy in which those without proper papers must return home before    the country . Yet it was now unclear to what length Trump would go Trump execute those deportations . " It ’s a it . You ca n’t take 11 at one time and just say ’boom , you ’re gone,’ " he told Cooper Trump floating the idea that as many as 30 million people could be living here illegally , a projection well beyond most analysts’ figures . " I do n’t think it ’s a it . I ’ve had people say it ’s a it , actually . " On Wednesday , Trump suggested he Trump allow Trump to let some undocumented immigrants to stay in the US , vowing he would n’t Trump them citizenship but some undocumented immigrants Fox News , " there ’s no amnesty , but we work with them . " some undocumented immigrants continued : Trump No citizenship . Let me go a step further     they ’ll pay some undocumented immigrants they have to some undocumented immigrants taxes , there ’s no amnesty , as such , there ’s no amnesty , no amnesty work with we , " Trump no amnesty Sean Trump when asked if he would allow Trump exceptions to his    position Trump At the same event with Hannity , Trump , who over the weekend met with Hispanic advisers , said about his immigration policies Trump " There could certainly be a softening because we ’re not looking to hurt people . "   Clinton ’s campaign called Trump ’s plan " dangerous " in a statement Thursday night . " He may try to Clinton his plans by throwing Clinton words like " humane "   or " fair , " but the reality remains that Trump ’s agenda echoes Trump extreme right ’s will     one that is fueling a dangerous movement of hatred across the country , " Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri said . Calls Clinton a ’bigot’ Trump Clinton defended calling Clinton a " bigot Clinton " arguing that her policies are a a ’bigot’ Trump reflection because she knows they are a ’bigot’ Trump to her policies minority communities . Trump and Clinton are each portraying Clinton other as discriminatory toward    with Trump charging on Wednesday a ’bigot’ Trump that the candidate herself was hateful . Pushed by Cooper if Trump meant to make a ’bigot’ Trump personal argument about Clinton as opposed to Clinton policy argument , Trump doubled down . a ’bigot’ Trump She is a bigot a ’bigot’ Trump " he said . " a ’bigot’ Trump is selling them a ’bigot’ Trump the tubes because she ’s not doing a ’bigot’ Trump for those communities . She talks a good a ’bigot’ Trump . But she does n’t do a ’bigot’ Trump . " Asked if he believed Clinton personally a ’bigot’ Trump black Clinton , Trump claimed : " a ’bigot’ Trump policies are bigoted Clinton she knows they ’re Clinton going Her policies work . " Says he ’s not familiar a ’bigot’ Trump the ’ ’ As Clinton tarred him with Clinton the a ’bigot’ Trump " at a speech in Reno , Nevada , Trump offered his own a ’bigot’ Trump , a ’bigot’ Trump he was not acquainted a ’bigot’ Trump the fringe world that Clinton said had essentially Clinton with his campaign . " a ’bigot’ Trump ’s no ’ ’ or ’ .’ All I ’m embracing is common sense , " Trump said . " a ’bigot’ Trump ’re bringing love . " Asked about his controversial new campaign a ’bigot’ Trump , Steve Bannon , who had praised the movement when at Breitbart News , Trump drew some distance a ’bigot’ Trump " I do n’t know what Steve said . All I can tell you : I can only speak for myself . " Plans Steve visit several    churches , And as Trump makes his most a ’bigot’ Trump pitch a ’bigot’ Trump    Trump said he a ’bigot’ Trump a ’bigot’ Trump visit a ’bigot’ Trump black churches in the next two weeks , including one trip to Detroit . " I can fix the inner cities , " Trump said . " ( a ’bigot’ Trump ) ca n’t . " 
 