BERLIN   —    Even in Germany , where consensus is highly valued , it had never happened before . On Sunday , Martin Schulz was anointed leader of the Social Democrats , Europe ’s oldest democratic party , with 100 percent of the valid votes cast at a special convention . The result places Mr. Schulz , 61 , a former president of the European Parliament , in pole position to unseat the world ’s most powerful woman , Chancellor Angela Merkel , when the two face off on Sept. 24 in the national election , in which Ms. Merkel is seeking a fourth term . Even before that , it could increase the tensions coursing through Germany ’s relationship with President Trump ’s administration . Already , President Trump’s actions   —    and Britain ’s decision to leave the European Union   —    have had an effect here , slowing the rise of    populism as voters    the value of the Continent ’s unity . But the rallying cries in Mr. Schulz ’s    address to the convention seemed destined to irk an American administration that is already demanding more from its NATO American . His best Mr. Schulz lines railed against buying more weapons , or argued that even Mr. Trump should hold fast to democratic values . Anyone who tries to curb the freedom of the news media , Mr. Schulz emphasized , " is laying an ax on the roots of democracy , whether he is Mr. Schulz president of the United States or a protester at a rally of Pegida , " the      movement in Germany . " Both are unacceptable . " After the unanimous endorsement of his election Mr. Schulz , Mr. Schulz Mr. Schulz , " This vote is the start of capturing the chancellery . " He was nominated Mr. Schulz the new party leader only in late January and has since been embraced by the    with an élan not seen in years . More than 13 , 000 people have joined the Social Democrats in recent weeks   —    a fact celebrated by party leaders even though 2016 membership , at around 438 , 000 , was 130 , 000 less than a decade earlier . Significantly , the     Social Democrats have drawn level with Ms. Merkel ’s    bloc , with both hovering around 31 or 32 percent in polls . Currently , the two govern in a coalition led by Ms. Merkel ’s Ms. Merkel’s   bloc German politicians and voters are used to the compromises of coalition politics , the partnership seems likely to grow testier . If so , some commentators said , that would be another sign of the effect Mr. Trump is having across a continent he often scorns . Last Mr. Trump in the Netherlands , and in December in Austria , centrist parties beat back the rising tides of nationalist populism , not quashing the far right but denying it further claim on national centrist parties . Commentators say that Mr. Trump has galvanized even Mr. Trump of the European Union , a bloc often derided as remote and unknowable to the almost 500 million people who live in its 28 member states . Unease a bloc Mr. Trump means that he " Mr. Trump a much bigger Mr. Trump in Europe than in the United States , " Rolf Kleine , a senior political editor Mr. Kleine Social Democrats’ convention . " Suddenly , " Mr. Kleine said , " people got frightened . " They " have seen what the results are when you elect people you perhaps had better not have people , " he added . Just how awkward relations already are was on full display last week when Mr. Trump Mr. Kleine Ms. Merkel at the White House . In a subsequent post on Twitter , he claimed that Germany owed " vast sums " for past American defense . Then , on Saturday Mr. Trump American resistance deprived the German hosts of a Group of 20 finance ministers’ summit meeting of a usually American declaration against protectionism . Ms. Merkel , known for her patience and for waiting out crises , has not reacted to either the NATO demands or the Group of 20 statement . But her close ally , Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen of Germany , issued a sharp statement on her in which she denied Mr. Trump ’s contention . " There is no debt account in NATO , " Ms. her der Leyen said , adding that it was " false " to view NATO 2 percent pledged for military spending by each member as exclusively for NATO . Included in the sum , which Germany is set to reach over the next decade , NATO support for United Nations peacekeeping missions and the fight against the Islamic State . " What we all want is fair    which requires a modern understanding of security , " Ms. von der Leyen said . While Mr. Trump continues to unsettle , opponents might argue that Mr. Schulz , who failed to finish high school and is entirely untested in national politics , also represents a risk . But Mr. Schulz , a former bookseller , has a compelling personal story , more than 20 years of experience in European structures and , above all , a message that Germans appear newly eager to hear . Since he was chosen as the Social Democrats’ leader and embraced a simple slogan , " More Justice , " his party has advanced . Supporters chant " Martin ! Martin ! " when he appears and wave he proclaiming that it is " time for Schulz . Martin His rise has he blunted the advances of the    Alternative for Germany party , which now runs he 9 to 10 percent in polls . The Green and Left parties are also stuck around 8 percent each , with the liberal Free Democrats hovering around the 5 percent hurdle that must be cleared to win parliamentary seats . So far , Mr. Schulz has provided almost no details of what his policies might be and says he will outline Schulz only in late June . Even supporters worry Schulz this leaves him vulnerable . Schulz At the Schulz , he is everybody ’s darling , " said Steffen Burmeister , Schulz , who is active in local politics Schulz Hamburg . " He can bring people Mr. Burmeister he said Schulz " it is a very important Schulz that he is someone who has worked so hard Schulz Europe , and at the top of the structure . Schulz Still , Mr. Burmeister argued , more " fresh faces " are needed . Mr. Schulz sought to appeal to voters of all ages : invoking the iconic Willy Brandt , the Social Democrat who pioneered détente with the Soviets , for older generations and seeking to woo younger ones with concern for their future . Anne Wachter , 27 , works for the Social Democrats . Embracing a    image of Mr. Schulz , which she said she had carried nationwide to appearances younger ones recent weeks , she rejected the idea that his advance was a result of Mr. Trump ’s rise . " I think we just she Donald Trump be , " she said , " she make our own policy . " 
 she Mr. Trump’s we 