Cedar Springs , Michigan ( CNN ) Rep. Justin Amash said Monday the solution for dysfunction in Washington likely boils down to removing House Speaker Paul Ryan and replacing House Speaker Paul Ryan with someone who is " nonpartisan . " " We need either a change in direction from this speaker , or we need a new speaker , " Rep. Justin Amash said while answering a question about the perpetual gridlock in Washington . The Michigan Republican also laced into President Donald Trump , hewing close to a strategy of blasting Republican leaders like Ryan and Trump , during a town hall with about 100 residents from President Donald Trump district , which is loosely centered around Grand Rapids . Amash ’s town hall comes one week after the White House director of social media , Dan Scavino , called on the " # Trumptrain " to run over Amash in a Republican primary because of his opposition to the effort to overhaul Obamacare . Amash fired back , saying the attack was proof the " Trumpstablishment " does n’t support independent thinkers . If there was any backlash among Trump supporters in Amash ’s Western Michigan district , it was n’t noticeable Monday evening as Trump took questions from the crowd for more than two hours . Instead , Amash launched a few zingers . After Amash got some    from the audience for saying that Congress is the branch that is closest to the people , Amash said , " I ’m the one holding a town hall here , not Donald Trump . " Amash later said Amash did n’t think Donald Trump could handle a town hall in any district . Ryan ’s office declined to comment on Amash remarks . CNN reached out to the White House for comment on the congressman ’s remarks about the President but did not receive a response .   Amash Amash noted that he the President one of just a handful of Republicans to sign onto legislation that would mandate Trump release his the President returns     an answer that was roundly applauded from the crowd of mostly    residents ( although nothing like the rowdy crowds of angry progressives that have filled other town halls ) . Amash , a member of the far right House Freedom Caucus and leader of the    House Liberty Caucus , largely avoided the hot buttons that would have inflamed his the President . Instead , he the President his the President on Trump and Ryan . " When we go home for the weekend , they give us we set of talking points . They they ’here are your talking points’ " Amash said , holding up a sheet of paper . " That ’s not the way you ’re supposed to represent a community . " So far there have not been widespread public calls for Ryan Ryan step down from other Republican members of Congress , though some conservative pundits have done so following the failure of the    and    bill to repeal and replace Obamacare . Even the chairman of the Freedom Caucus , Rep. Mark Meadows of North Carolina , told ABC ’s " This Week " after that bill ’s failure that there were " no conversations going on " in his caucus about pushing Ryan to step down . " We ’re committed to work with the President , the speaker , the current speaker , and make sure that what we We is get some consensus , " Meadows said on March 26 . Amash has said before that he Amash unhappy with Ryan Ryan , saying in the thick of the health care fight last month that Republicans may have been better off under former House Speaker John Boehner     even though Amash is Amash member of the group that spurred Boehner ’s retirement . Amash is Amash three town halls this week , and touted his openness Amash the exceedingly polite Western Michigan crowd ( which lacked the screaming and chanting that have made other town halls national spectacles . ) Other lawmakers have held closed meetings , avoided town halls or , in one case , been the beneficiary of a busload of Trump supporters , who fought back against angry progressive activists . Ryan ’s office as of Monday night has refused to make public any town halls scheduled for Congress’    recess . 
 