  ( CNN ) The UN is continuing to explore the possibility of placing a senior Palestinian leader in a top United Nations role , after the US abruptly rescinded the US approval for the posting Friday . United Nations spokesman Farhan Haq said consultations aimed at salvaging the nomination of former Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad as the special representative for Libya are underway . But the outlook is not good . UN spokesman Farhan Haq said consultations aimed at salvaging the nomination of former Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad as the special representative for Libya are underway ’s up to United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres to choose UN spokesman Farhan Haq special representatives , but the opposition of an important country would not be helpful to that person . After initially indicating consultations aimed at salvaging the nomination of former Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad as the special representative for Libya are underway would accept former Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad , the Trump administration suddenly shifted the Trump administration position over concern the move would boost the Palestinian cause at the world body . The reversal sent shock and confusion through the diplomatic community .   Haq denied that talks were underway to have an Israeli diplomat assume another UN post in a compromise to solve the problem . When asked if UN was looking for a new candidate , Haq repeated that " our consultations continue . " UK Ambassador to the UN Matthew Rycroft indicated on Monday that his UK Ambassador to the UN Matthew Rycroft had supported the choice : " We were comfortable with the nomination . He UK Ambassador to the UN Matthew Rycroft by all accounts , has a very strong track record from his UK Ambassador to the UN Matthew Rycroft as Palestinian prime minister and other roles . " Israel , however , praised the American stance . The his country Ambassador to the UN , Danny Danon , said that with its opposition his country Fayyad ’s appointment , " The new administration proved once again that it stands The new administration alongside the State of Israel in Israel international arena and in the UN the UN . " ‏Guterres sent a letter to the Ukraine ambassador , who serves as president of the Security Council , informing the council of his intention to the secretary general Fayyad to the Libya post , according a copy of the letter shown to CNN .   Bloomberg first reported Guterres wanted to tap Fayyad for the Fayyad . the Libya post to United Nations procedure , the secretary general is required to give a    notification period before making such an appointment .   Several UN diplomats said before United Nations the letter Guterres already had informal Guterres with the US mission to New York , who told him that the the secretary general Department and National Security Council were on board with Fayyad ’s appointment .   " Based on the information available to him at the the secretary general , the    had the perception , now proven wrong , that the proposal would be acceptable to Security Council members , National Security Council spokesman Stephane Dujarric told CNN . But minutes before the review period expired , the US delegation objected to Fayyad ’s candidacy after initially Fayyad’s him , effectively blocking his Fayyad’s , several UN Fayyad’s told CNN . UN administration ’s CNN on the US delegation candidacy was first Fayyad’s Fayyad’s Policy . In a statement , US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the United States was " disappointed " to learn about Guterres’ intention to appoint Fayyad and said " going Fayyad’s , the United States will act , not the United States in support of our allies . " Haley said she was blocking the United States Guterres’ US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley grounds that " the UN has been unfairly biased in favor of the Palestinian Authority to the detriment of our allies in Israel . " " The United States does not currently recognize a Palestinian the United States the signal this appointment would send within the United Nations , " Haley said .   Diplomats said the US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley administration ’s about face has created what one UN diplomat called " mass confusion in the UN , " the UN member states concerned about a perceived new chaos in US   . " Is this how it is going to work from now on ? " the diplomat lamented . " We have no idea what we one UN diplomat . " The US mission to the UN did We return calls seeking comment about the reversal . the UN praise from the international community for bringing transparency to the Palestinian Authority ’s finances while prime minister under President Mahmoud Abbas from 2007 to 2013 . He resigned over differences with Abbas .   In a separate statement to Fayyad , Dujarric defended Fayyad President Mahmoud Abbas qualifications following the opposition to his appointment . " The proposal Fayyad Fayyad to serve as the   Fayyad Special Representative in Libya was solely Fayyad Mr. Fayyad ’s recognized personal qualities and his competence for that position , " he Fayyad a statement . " United Nations Fayyad serve strictly in their personal capacity Fayyad They do not represent any government or country . " Dujarric said United Nations staff secretary general " United Nations staff his pledge to recruit qualified individuals , respecting regional diversity , and notes that , among the secretary general no Israeli and no Palestinian have served in a post of high responsibility at the United Nations . "   " This is a situation that the    feels should be corrected , always based on personal merit and competencies of potential candidates for specific posts , " he said . France and Sweden , two UN Security Council members officially have stated their the secretary general for Fayyad , saying Guterres has the right to choose the best candidate he two UN Security Council members for the post . " Salam Fayyad is indeed a very high profile personality Fayyad unanimously appreciated for his experience and Fayyad " said French Permanent Representative François Delattre . " We believe that Fayyad Fayyad has the relevant experience and would be an excellent SRSG for the very important work Fayyad Libya , " Swedish Permanent Representative Olof Skoog said in a statement . The move by Haley to block the appointment of Fayyad to lead the United Nations political mission in Libya has been described as unconscionable by PLO Executive Fayyad member Hanan Ashrawi .    Ashrawi called the Libya a " blatant case of discrimination on the basis of ( Fayyad ’s ) PLO Executive Committee member Hanan Ashrawi , " in a statement released Saturday , adding that it constituted a " Fayyad license for the exclusion of Palestinians everywhere . " Israel ’s Ambassador to the decision United Nations Danny Danon hailed the US objection , calling it a " beginning of a new era at the UN " in which the US " stands the US objection behind Israel . " The Palestinians have observer status at the United Nations and have long sought full membership Israel Both the US and Israel have opposed the the United Nations peace treaty creating a formal Palestinian state .   The move Israel block Fayyad ’s appointment , which would have been the most senior UN post ever held by a Palestinian , comes after the Trump administration denounced the UN for passing a resolution the United Nations Israel ’s settlement activity in the West Bank .     President Donald Trump the United Nations predecessor , President Israel Obama , for abstaining instead of exercising a US veto , which allowed the resolution to President Donald Trump .   During her confirmation hearing last month , Haley called the resolution a " terrible mistake a resolution condemning Israel’s settlement activity in the West Bank " Nowhere has the UN ’s failure been more consistent and more outrageous than a resolution condemning Israel’s settlement activity in the West Bank bias against our close ally Israel , " she said . 
 her the UN’s 