One of the most prominent Spanish language news anchors in the U. S. drew heat last weekend for using a portion of her commencement speech to attack GOP frontrunner Donald Trump   —    in Spanish   —    as English speakers booed and yelled , " What about us ? " [ Univision host María Elena Salinas , who The New York Times once described as the " Voice of Hispanic America , " was invited to give the commencement speech at California State University Fullerton ’s College of Communications . She told the audience She was born in California to immigrant parents , " where I was formed as a woman , and most importantly , as a Latina    …      proud of my cultural heritage . "   She remarks upset some graduates when She broke into Spanish . But it was n’t only the fact She began delivering She speech in a foreign language . She used Her remarks to launch partisan attack on Donald Trump and on Republicans . She called them racists and told Hispanic journalism grads to use their Hispanic journalism grads journalism skills to attack Republicans . The Spanish language journalist drew the ire of    graduates when She began to praise only the Latino students and delivered that praise all in Spanish . As She continued in Spanish Spanish speakers in the audience began to yell out " what about us ? " The witness , graduate Denise De La Cruz , told the Orange County Weekly what came next when Salinas began to attack Trump . " Tensions worsened as Salinas Salinas offering advice to journalism students to use the tools of the media to rebut political figures such as Donald Trump , " De La Cruz said . " That ’s when folks began yelling things to Salinas Salinas as , ‘ Get off the stage!’ and ‘ Trash ! ’ " The " mini , verbal race riot , " she said continued as " audience members began booing Salinas Salinas others combatted the voices of dissent with louder cheers . " De De La Cruz that later in the speech as the crowd began choosing sides with Spanish speaking students yelling back at the English speakers , Salinas Salinas tried to quell unrest by praising American students , too . But " the damage was done , " De La Cruz De La Cruz comments were " well received " until she " became a little too    and blatantly " said one student who attended the ceremony . After the speech was over the argument continued on social media with Salinas Salinas that those who were upset with her speech were racists . she Thanks , I did n’t hear what they said . But if those who were upset with her speech complained about me speaking those who were upset with her speech it ’s sad racism is on the rise .   —    Maria Elena Salinas ( @MariaESalinas ) May 23 , 2016 ,   However , some responded telling Salinas they were n’t racist but some just upset she was only addressing " Maria Elena Salinas (@MariaESalinas) ethnicity " and leaving out all the other students . @MariaESalinas We were upset that your address was aimed at one ethnicity instead of the the whole class . Had nothing to do with racism ,   —    Jake Holzschuh ( @JakeHolzschuh ) May 23 , 2016 ,   Salinas was unbowed , though Salinas and remarked yet again about the racists in the audience deploying the shopworn claim that all Americans are immigrants . Unless you ’re Native American we are all from immigrant families   …     RT @JakeHolzschuh : @MariaESalinas We were    …      we :   .    —    Maria Elena Salinas ( @MariaESalinas ) May 23 , 2016 ,   Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com 
 