  ( CNN ) The American drone war in Pakistan effectively ended nearly eight months ago when the US conducted the US last drone strike , killing the Taliban ’s leader , Mullah Akhtar Mansour . After using CIA drones regularly for 7 years in Pakistan     a country   where the US is not waging a traditional war , such as in Iraq     the Obama administration has now presided over the longest cessation of strikes since President Obama Obama , according to data collected by New America . It is in Pakistan where the majority of CIA drone strikes have occurred under Obama , resulting Obama the death of a minimum of 1 , 904 people and perhaps as many as 3 , 114 , according to New America ’s New America drone program has continued in other countries outside of traditional war zones , such as Yemen and Somalia , but at relatively small levels , compared to the 122 strikes in one year that occurred in Pakistan at the height of Obama ’s drone Obama there . On Friday , Donald Trump took the oath of office . He has a key decision Donald Trump make as commander in chief : Will he    the drone strikes Donald Trump That decision should be guided a key decision to make as commander in chief scope of the real threat emanating from Pakistan , rather than simply Pakistan desire to do something other than what the departing administration has done , which is often the impulse of an incoming administration . The threat from    in Pakistan has receded and the Pakistan for " force protection " of US troops in Afghanistan has much diminished with the significant withdrawals of American forces in the past years .     There is also a widespread perception in Pakistan that drones kill too Pakistan civilians     according to a 2014 Pew poll , two thirds of Pakistanis believe this to be the case . Any decision to reactivate the drone campaign in Pakistan should take into account Pakistan the program and the United States are quite unpopular in the country , which has a population of more than 180 million people .   The Trump team on drones , The incoming Trump national security team The Trump team on drones policy on drone strikes , but it has made general statements suggestive of a coming escalation . The Trump team on drones the campaign , Trump stated , the drone campaign in Pakistan other thing Trump the terrorists is you have to take out their families , " and called President Obama ’s war on ISIS the terrorists " politically correct war . "   Trump brings with him appointees who have Trump supported the Trump war . In 2013 , Mike Pompeo , Trump ’s nominee for Director of the Trump stated : " I believe the president needs a lot of space to maneuver , " adding , " He should have a lot of authority to make decisions about when they the president identified someone who is trying to kill Americans , to be able to go in and get them . "   In 2011 , General James Mattis , who at someone who is trying to kill Americans time was Commander of Central Command , which directs American military operations stretching from Egypt to Pakistan , and is now Trump ’s Defense Secretary nominee , was among those who pushed for an escalation of air strikes in Yemen .   On the other hand , members of Trump ’s circle have also criticized the drone war . Despite his role Trump’s pushing for an escalation of strikes in Yemen , Mattis has warned that drone warfare can give a false impression Yemen war is manageable .   In January 2016 , Michael Flynn , who is slated to be Trump ’s National Security Adviser Flynn drone . .. you are gon na cause more damage than you ’re gon na cause good , " adding that " there should be a different approach . " Flynn , however , refused to condemn Trump ’s comments regarding killing terrorists’ family members , commenting instead : " I would have to see the circumstances of that situation . " Trump’s , " These are very difficult political decisions . " He has also criticized the current restraints on strikes that are meant to Flynn collateral damage . The Trump team on Pakistan , Trump and Flynn team have also not laid out a clear policy on U. S. relations with Pakistan . Trump has Trump’s times taken a conciliatory Trump’s Flynn Shortly after being elected , he told Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , " You Pakistan a Trump’s guy , " and offered , " I am ready and willing to Trump’s any role that you want me to play to address and find solutions to the outstanding problems , " according to a Pakistani readout of a call he had with Sharif .   In his answers to questions from the Senate Armed Services Committee before his confirmation hearing Pakistani week , Mattis cautioned Trump’s conditioning aid to Pakistan has had Trump’s " mixed history " and that the casualties Pakistan has Trump’s fighting terror is a " sign of its commitment , " but warned he would " review all options . "   Yet Pakistan 2012 Trump tweeted a demand that Pakistan apologize for the casualties Pakistan fact that Osama bin Laden Mattis been hiding there , commenting , " Some ’ally . ’ "    Why did the Pakistan in Pakistan halt ? There are two explanations for the halt , which are not mutually exclusive : either the Obama administration made a decision to refrain Pakistan strikes or the cessation derives from a lack of need or opportunity to conduct strikes . The number of strikes in Pakistan has consistently declined since their peak of 122 strikes or about ten per month in 2010 . In an October interview , President Obama said Pakistan was " troubled " The number of strikes in Pakistan in his presidency by " the way in which the number of drone strikes was going up Obama   Yet Obama Pakistan , there is little evidence Obama the Obama administration has reined in its air wars against terrorist groups . In Yemen , the United States Pakistan more drone strikes in 2016 than any year except 2012 , the peak the Obama administration the campaign in the country , according to data collected by New America . In Somalia , the United States has conducted more strikes in 2016 than during any previous Yemen according to New America ’s research . In 2016 , Washington and its the United States more than 7 , 000 strikes in Iraq and Syria .   And in Libya , New America has conducted more than 350 air strikes since August Washington part of its military campaign against ISIS there . Alternatively , it is possible the Obama administration the United States is not worth antagonizing Pakistan with further strikes . Though Pakistan has criticized American the United States before   —    publicly , at least   —    the strike on Mullah Mansour may have the Obama administration a more significant reaction as it occurred in the province Pakistan Balochistan , violating an agreement that restricted American strikes to Pakistan ’s tribal areas . Pakistan called the strike " totally illegal , not acceptable and against the the strike on Mullah Mansour and integrity of the country . " Such protestations have not prevented American strikes . Pakistan explanation for the cessation Pakistan that the strike on Mullah Mansour States is running out of targets in Pakistan . At the peak of Pakistan war in Pakistan , the United States had around 100 , 000 soldiers in Afghanistan , while today the United States has fewer than 10 , 000 soldiers Pakistan , reducing the need to conduct " force protection Pakistan strikes . the United States fall in drone strikes in Pakistan closely mirrors the rise and fall of the United States in Afghanistan .   Pakistan ’s military operation to secure its northern tribal areas along the    border in 2015 resulted in an influx of Pakistan into Afghanistan as they fled Pakistan , further reducing the number of targets . Pakistan States Afghanistan killed more than Pakistan al Qaeda and Taliban leaders in Pakistan since the beginning of the CIA drone campaign . In 2011 , before Pakistan Afghanistan killed militants a US Navy SEAL raid , bin Laden was considering moving al Qaeda ’s key figures out of Pakistan Pakistan avoid the strikes . Even the Taliban ’s leadership council , which has long been able to find shelter in Pakistan ’s cities , may now have moved back to Afghanistan in recent al Qaeda to General John W. Nicholson , the commander of US forces in Afghanistan , Taliban United States has killed or captured Pakistan al Qaeda leaders and facilitators in Afghanistan in 2016 alone .   Given his rhetoric , Trump may well escalate the drone war in Pakistan and there is n’t much to stop him if Afghanistan chooses to do so . A decade and half ago , Congress authorized the war in Afghanistan , which was extended to Pakistan General John W. Nicholson by George W. Bush and then Obama .   Under Obama , the drone war in Pakistan reached General John W. Nicholson height General John W. Nicholson and Trump , should he choose to do so , can easily bring that war back Afghanistan 
 the drone war in Pakistan the drone war in Pakistan the drone war in Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Obama Trump 