Political commentator Mary Matalin made headlines on Friday for leaving the Republican Party over the likely nomination of Donald Trump . Though Political commentator Mary Matalin implied Political commentator Mary Matalin would still vote for Donald Trump said Political commentator Mary Matalin Libertarian the Republican Party her principles Political commentator Mary Matalin [ It is an odd stance . Most Beltway insiders burning their Republican voter registrations are doing so because they reject the candidate Most Beltway insiders burning their Republican voter registrations not the institution itself ( except insofar as it will soon be led by him ) . Matalin the man Political commentator Mary Matalin be sticking with the man but rejecting the party .   the Republican Party timing suggests that Trump really is the reason for her departure Political commentator Mary Matalin Nothing in the Republican Party ’s policies the Republican Party demonstrably changed . If her own Political commentator Mary Matalin had shifted , Matalin could Political commentator Mary Matalin left years before . And while Trump is controversial , to say the Trump , the Republican Party has endured far more the Republican Party high leadership posts . Matalin has Political commentator Mary Matalin defended some of them . Here , for example , is Matalin defending Political commentator Mary Matalin Majority Leader Tom DeLay in 2005 on NBC News’ Meet the Press : MR . RUSSERT : Let ’s turn to another man in the news . Here is Tom DeLay , leaving Marine One , the president ’s helicopter , a presidential embrace , a show of support for the majority leader of the House of Representatives . Mary Matalin , where do we stand with Tom DeLay ? MS . MATALIN : Well , Tom DeLay a wonderful Washington parlor Mary Matalin . So what ’s the charge ? He went on trips . Do you know who is the charge biggest , the most frequent trip takers in Congress , even though there are fewer members ? The Democrats . You know who spends more on private trips , even though there are fewer members ? The Democrats . So let ’s take it to the The Democrats let ’s lay it The Democrats . The attack on DeLay has nothing The Democrats do it this Washington parlor game . It has everything to do with his effectiveness . He has The attack on DeLay lost a whip vote when he did that his He gets things done . You know his it was four his ago at this time that the president sent to the Hill a comprehensive energy plan , the first one in a generation , and Tom DeLay got it passed in the House , four years ago . Here we are languishing , lo , these many years later . That ’s —   his ’s four years sorts of legislation like that and his ’s why they want to take him out . It ’s not about Tom DeLay . It his about obstructing the president ’s agenda Tom DeLay it is about what It ’re always about , which is demonizing . You It , it ’s a politics of personal destruction , which they ’ve taken to an It form . Her husband , Democratic strategist James they , was having none of it : MR . CARVILLE : Well , first of all , I think it ’s a lot more about taking trips . It ’s about lobbyists paying for trips . It ’s about this story in it Los Angeles Times about Marianas —   it the violence in the Pacific , getting something in return . There was a good David Rogers story in The Wall Street Journal . The larger question is this . The Democrats have —   Congressman Meehan and Congressman Emanuel have a very good ethics reform bill . They ought to just focus on that because DeLay is going to take care The Democrats himself and the press is going to keep coming . There ’s going to DeLay more and more stories . You have The Wall Street Journal editorial page , probably the most rabid    outlet in The Wall Street Journal saying that the whole DeLay thing is kind of sleazy . You ’ve got many Republicans who are saying this . DeLay the Democrats need to do is just push through and talk about their reform bill . Now , if DeLay is so innocent , why he is telling the the Democrats Morning News that he ’s not DeLay he will even testify before DeLay Ethics Committee ? And I think Democrats DeLay need to keep DeLay on that   …      MS . MATALIN : It ’s a witch hunt . MR . CARVILLE :    …     to get him to come forward . It ’s a Republican House . How can he have a witch DeLay in the Republican House It MS . MATALIN : Because you are DeLay You ’ve got all the a Republican House attack MS you MATALIN maligning his character . The Marianas , or whatever those islands , trip is , Democrats went on DeLay . Democrats were paid by these same lobbyists . MR . CARVILLE : No , no , no , it ’s these lobbyists that went over there . But at any point   …      MS . MATALIN : Which these same lobbyists MR . CARVILLE :    … MS Jack MATALIN never paid for a trip for a Democratic congressman , but that ’s not the MR point CARVILLE The larger point is the Democrats have to be very aggressive in pushing a    agenda . And they did , sweeping to power in both houses of Which Democrats November 2006 . DeLay had stepped down , but became a symbol of Which Democrats corrupt era in Republican politics , even though his eventual conviction in 2011 would later be overturned . Trump has his flaws   —    and , if his worst critics are to DeLay believed , he could be even worse than DeLay or Abramoff Trump from whom Matalin also defended the GOP Trump Meet the Press ) . But the Trump that they are tolerable within DeLay Republican Party , while Trump is somehow contaminating to everyone on the Republican voter rolls , is not credible . If anything , they represent the cloistered world of Trump cronies Trump ’s voters hope he will sweep away . Perhaps Matalin is getting out while she can anything 
 Trump Trump Matalin 