  ( CNN ) Texas Democratic Rep. Beto O’Rourke knows most people are already writing off Texas Democratic Rep. Beto O’Rourke bid to unseat Republican Sen. Ted Cruz , but he Texas Democratic Rep. Beto O’Rourke his Texas Democratic Rep. Beto O’Rourke could be the key to flipping the Senate in 2018 . " I ’d like nothing more for the establishment to count us out , " O’Rourke told CNN in a phone interview from El Paso . The       House Democrat is n’t hiring pollsters or campaign consultants and is sticking with a pledge he The      House Democrat during his The      House Democrat run for the House to refuse any corporate money or donations from political action committees . He The      House Democrat to his The      House Democrat dismal record in the last 30 years trying to win a Senate seat in Texas , saying Democrats spent close to a billion dollars on " consultants , polls , wizards and experts , and we really came up short . " O’Rourke insisted that his retail O’Rourke to travel the state is " not complicated " and made it clear he does O’Rourke think much of targeted    campaigns , saying , " I ’m going back to the basics . " He said O’Rourke could O’Rourke the same playbook that other Democratic statewide candidates like former state Sen. Wendy Davis tried , or " I can run an honest campaign about Texas , driven by Texas . Texas Cruz did n’t respond directly to O’Rourke ’s argument that the senator has been too focused on national politics , but said in a written statement to CNN that he " the senator continue to work every day to earn and keep the trust of Texans across our great state . I ’m confident that Texans want a senator who will lead the fight for freedom     defending the Constitution , getting government off our backs government and allowing small businesses to create jobs and opportunity . "   The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee was more direct about O’Rourke , saying he ’s The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee of step with the state . " Beto O’Rourke O’Rourke a    for the United States Senate if he was The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee in Massachusetts or California     his voting The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee is perfect for those states , " committee spokeswoman Katie Martin told CNN in a written statement .   O’Rourke , who once traveled the country in a punk rock band , now represents the    corner of the state along the southwest border . He officially The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee his campaign The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee his hometown The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee El Paso on Friday , saying , the state needs the state senator who is not using this position of responsibility and power to serve his own The National Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee , to run for president , to shut down the government . "   Cruz was among those Republicans arguing that a    spending bill in 2013 strip funding for Obamacare , and the standoff with the White House over the issue triggered a    shutdown when federal agencies did n’t have funding . When told that the other Texas Republican senator , John Cornyn , told Politico earlier this week that his campaign amounted to Politico " suicide mission , " O’Rourke seemed unfazed by the description , saying he has " a Politico amount of respect " for Cornyn and they ’ve worked on the other Texas Republican senator, John Cornyn, told Politico earlier this week that his campaign amounted to a "suicide mission issues together . O’Rourke said on a O’Rourke level Cruz is a " nice guy , " although he does n’t know O’Rourke well . He O’Rourke that the O’Rourke senator does n’t have an office in his district near the the GOP senator , and said he approached Cruz during O’Rourke 2013 Cruz over federal funding that resulted in a shutdown to appeal to him to back down O’Rourke border agents and other federal employees were affected by the shutdown .    a shutdown can train his focus on Cruz O’Rourke however , Cruz might need to O’Rourke a primary fight .   Rep. Joaquin Castro , whom O’Rourke phoned to tell him O’Rourke was announcing O’Rourke O’Rourke , is O’Rourke considering the Senate race . O’Rourke said his colleague would make " O’Rourke great candidate , and I ’m a fan of his , a friend of O’Rourke , " but when O’Rourke how he could prevail over him O’Rourke a potential matchup O’Rourke O’Rourke replied : " I O’Rourke n’t know . " The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee so far is n’t weighing in , instead deciding to focus on protecting incumbent senators in states Trump won in 2016 , such as North Dakota , Missouri , and Indiana . The party faces tough odds The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee the chamber although the GOP holds a narrow ,    majority , Democrats will have to defend 25 of the 33 contests in the 2018 midterms , including the two independents who caucus with the party , Maine ’s Angus The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Vermont ’s Bernie Sanders . But aides at the Senate Democrats’ campaign arm tell CNN they are monitoring the Texas race . aides at the Senate Democrats’ campaign arm O’Rourke and Castro speak highly of aides at the Senate Democrats’ campaign arm cut different profiles in the House Democratic caucus . O’Rourke noted he voted against House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and said O’Rourke is " fiercely independent , " while Castro helps O’Rourke leadership team corral votes and has been Castro a coveted seat on the House intelligence committee . Castro told CNN earlier this week that O’Rourke ’s move Castro n’t change his plans to continue O’Rourke the race , and Castro ’s sticking with a timeline to make his decision Castro in April . Meanwhile , the dynamic Castro Democrats want to highlight is Cruz ’s own split with the President during the contentious GOP presidential primary . " Castro some words we almost never say : Donald Trump was right     about ’Lyin Ted,’ " David Bergstein , spokesman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , told CNN . " Texans know Ted Cruz is a    politician , and this campaign will spotlight Cruz ways in which he ’s only ever looking out for himself , "   In El Cruz on Friday , O’Rourke said that Cruz those he meets across the state who voted for Trump say they want someone O’Rourke the Congress who will be willing to break through even those he meets across the state who voted for Trump sniping and get things done . But O’Rourke acknowledged that people are saying the same things now that they said O’Rourke his first run for his congressional seat . " I people a lot O’Rourke people feel this O’Rourke impossible , " he said , but he dubbed El Paso , where he began a O’Rourke around the state O’Rourke " an underdog city . O’Rourke 
 