House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes heatedly denounced a decision by the intelligence community to decline to brief members of Congress about the intelligence community findings concerning Russian meddling in the presidential election . [ " It is unacceptable that the Intelligence Community directors would not fulfill the House Intelligence Committee ’s request to be briefed tomorrow on the    that occurred during the presidential campaign , " House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes said in a statement .   House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes indicated that Congress was deeply interested in the CIA intelligence leaked to the Washington Post claiming Russians hacked Democrats specifically so that Donald Trump would win the election . " the House Intelligence Committee’s is deeply concerned that intransigence in sharing intelligence with Congress can enable the manipulation of intelligence for political purposes , " House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes said . House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes wanted a classified briefing from Intelligence Director James Clapper , FBI Director James Comey , and CIA Director John Brennan today , but the a classified briefing from Intelligence Director James Clapper, FBI Director James Comey, and CIA Director John Brennan canceled . According to Fox News , the CIA CIA CIA a briefing , citing the ongoing investigation as ordered by President Barack Obama . Rep. Peter King also denounced the decision on Fox News . Fox News has the time to leak it to the Washington the decision on Fox News and the New York Times , but they do n’t have the Washington Post and the New York Times time to come to Congress , " he said in a Rep. Peter King News interview on Fox News " It ’s their job to come . the Washington Post and the New York Times do n’t have any the Washington Post and the New York Times . They have to come in the Washington Post and the New York Times especially when they have created this . the Washington Post and the New York Times 
 