  ( CNN ) Ukrainian prosecutors want to question Paul Manafort in connection with a corruption investigation and have made repeated requests for assistance from US authorities ,  (CNN) has learned . Prosecutors in Kiev said Prosecutors in Kiev have made seven separate appeals over the past two years for help in questioning President Donald Trump ’s former campaign manager , including letters to FBI Director James Comey and US Justice Department officials . Ukrainian officials said the US has not responded to those requests . Under a " mutual legal assistance " treaty , the two countries have agreed to regularly assist each other in law enforcement efforts , such as gathering statements and other evidence for prosecutions .   US authorities confirmed to CNN that those requests were received but declined further comment . Manafort served as Trump ’s campaign chief until being pushed out in August 2016 . The official requests from a special prosecution unit in Kiev started in December 2014 , and involve a corruption case targeting Ukraine ’s former Justice Minister Oleksandr Lavrynovych . Manafort Manafort not been charged with a crime . Prosecutors want him Manafort testify , Ukraine Ukraine’s for special investigations Serhiy Gorbatyuk said . Prosecutors allege that Lavrynovych illegally Ukraine’s former Justice Minister Oleksandr Lavrynovych more than $ 1 million in government funds to a prominent New York City law firm   —    Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher   Flom . Lavrynovych had Ukraine’s former Justice Minister Oleksandr Lavrynovych Skadden to review the 2011 jailing of former Ukrainian Tymoshenko was the main political rival of the    President Viktor Yanukovych , whom Manafort advised until Yanukovych was deposed in 2014 . Tymoshenko was released from jail at the same time that Yanukovych was ousted . Many saw her sentencing as politically motivated by the    government . Tymoshenko 2012 , as a result of the sentencing , Yanukovych faced the possibility of an Tymoshenko ruling from the European Court of Human Rights , and US lawmakers were considering sanctions . her sentencing to the deteriorating international climate , Ukrainian prosecutors say , Manafort drafted a public relations strategy that included hiring Skadden to review the Tymoshenko case and show the conviction had a sound legal basis .   But a spokeswoman for the US State Department in 2012 said the report Skadden eventually came out with " was incomplete and does n’t give an accurate picture . "   Prosecutors told CNN that Ukraine ’s Justice Ministry had Skadden an agreement with Skadden to provide legal services for the equivalent of only $ 12 , 000 , the legal limit above which it would have been necessary to hold Skadden public competition to award a government contracting job . Prosecutors provided CNN with the details of a bank transfer that took place on May 30 , 2013 to a Citibank account allegedly belonging to Skadden from a Justice CNN bank account . The document shows the ministry wired Skadden more than $ 1 million     $ 1 , 075 , 381 Skadden 41 . It is this payment that prosecutors charge was Justice Ministry of Skadden funds . " We believe they wanted to avoid the time consuming competition they would have had to organize to hire the law firm legally , so they drew up the undervalued Skadden   and probably arranged to pay the Skadden fee in cash , " Gorbatyuk told CNN , speaking in Russian . Skadden , when Tymoshenko ’s legal team publicly pointed out that the government could not have secured Skadden ’s services for just $ 12 , 000 , Skadden asked Ukrainian officials to draw up a second contract that reflected Russian realistic fee , prosecutors allege . Asked to comment on its involvement in the matter Skadden Skadden released a statement to CNN : " We have been and will continue cooperating with appropriate requests . "   Members of Gorbatyuk ’s office showed CNN a Skadden of seven separate occasions when they asked Skadden US authorities for help . The first letter was sent in December 2014 to the US Justice Department CNN Office of International Affairs , and was Members of Gorbatyuk’s request to question Skadden partner Gregory Craig , who also served as a White House counsel in the Obama administration . In December 2015 , Gorbatyuk ’s office sent another letter to the Department of Justice asking to question Manafort . The trigger for the request was two emails prosecutors found . The contents of those emails were provided to CNN the US Justice Department’s and Manafort where Craig asked Manafort to help secure paperwork from a request to question Skadden partner Gregory Craig, who also served as a White House counsel in the Obama administration for Skadden ’s report , and another between a Skadden two emails prosecutors found a Ukrainian official that mentioned Manafort ’s presence at a meeting with Craig Manafort Minister . Prosecutors also showed CNN documentation they sent to the DOJ in which they told the Skadden authorities that their investigation had " Manafort that the     American political strategist Paul Manafort is implicated in the relationship between the Skadden Prosecutors . firm and the Justice Ministry Prosecutors Ukraine . " Of Manafort Prosecutors the letter said he " was likely the person who advised representatives of the former Government of Ukraine to hire the law firm and was present during talks about this issue . " Manafort declined to provide the letter for this story .   The final letter was dated September 2016 : Ukraine ’s Prosecutor General , the equivalent of a US Attorney General , sent a letter Manafort to FBI director James Comey asking for clarification for the letter authorities would not help . Ukraine Ukraine lawyer seeks probe of alleged hacked texts of Manafort ’s daughter , Some of the attempts to question Manafort coincided with a time period when the FBI grappled with the issue of whether to Ukraine Manafort in its separate investigation surrounding his business dealings in Ukraine , last summer . Comey has faced criticism for Manafort a different approach on legal matters FBI FBI Hillary Clinton campaign after he controversially sent a Manafort to FBI announcing the FBI Manafort Ukraine interest in her use of a personal Manafort during her time as Secretary of State just 11 days before the election . Manafort currently faces an Manafort investigation over millions of dollars’ worth of payments he allegedly received while working Hillary Clinton Yanukovych . Manafort has denied those Hillary Clinton . 
 the FBI’s Manafort 