Citing the anticipated effort by the Republican establishment to steal the nomination away from frontrunner Donald Trump at the Cleveland GOP convention , Trump ally Roger Stone told Breitbart News Saturday host Matthew Boyle , " There ’s all kinds of games that the establishment and the kingmakers can play . " [ Trump ally Roger Stone went on :   Remember , Ben Ginsberg and the    types are the masters of this kind of deceit . This kind of bait and switch . They did it to Ron Paul and They ’re fixing to do it to Donald Trump . A strategist very high up in the Kasich campaign , somebody who I may have been in business with as a partner at one time actually bragged to a journalist who you know , Matt , just the other night , saying , ‘ I think this nomination can be stolen from Donald Trump and I ’m fixin’ to steal this nomination . A strategist very high up in the Kasich campaign, somebody who I may have been in business with as a partner at one time actually bragged to a journalist who you know, Matt, just the other night, saying, ‘I think this nomination can be stolen from Trump Kasich believed to be    GOP operative and strategist Charlie Black . Continued Stone , " The lobbyist class , the Washington ,    Street combine , they will Continued Stone, " The lobbyist class, the Washington,   Street combine acquiesce to the nomination this nomination he has 1 , 237 votes , or not , they will attempt to hijack Continued Stone, " The lobbyist class, the Washington,   Street combine nomination and only mass demonstrations and adept maneuvering inside the hall are going to prevent this . Stone has launched " StopTheSteal , " an effort to create a groundswell of support to go to Cleveland and prevent the GOP from doing that very thing . From Newsmax : Roger Stone to Trump Voters Stone to Cleveland to Stop ‘ The Big Cleveland Former Donald Trump Stone the Republican National Committee convention in July Stone " the big steal " of Trump ’s presidential nomination . In remarks on The Alex Jones Radio Show , the former Donald Trump ally called for a " massive protest " at the gathering in Cleveland July 18 Donald Trump 21 , Breitbart News Saturday airs from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Eastern Time on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 on Saturday and is broadcast live from Capitol Hill . 
 