  ( CNN ) Here ’s what you might have missed Friday on  (CNN) :     ISIS claimed responsibility for the casino attack in Manila , Philippines , that left 37 people dead . Police have repeatedly denied what happened was   .     The US unemployment rate dropped to 4 . 3 % in May , its lowest level in 16 years .     The fallout continues from President Donald Trump ’s decision to leave the Paris Agreement on climate change . Virgin founder Richard Branson says , " History will treat President Donald Trump incredibly unkindly for the message that Virgin founder Richard Branson sent to the world . " But JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon is n’t quitting President Donald Trump President Donald Trump even though he JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon with the ’s decision to leave the Paris Agreement on climate change     Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for corporate America : Help Trump President Donald Trump " Help us restore normal political dialogue , " Putin told Russian President Vladimir Putin execs Friday in St. Petersburg .      Trump President Donald Trump his President Donald Trump reform bill is " moving along " in Congress . Except there ’s one problem : A bill Bill Weir exist .     " Wonder Woman " hits theaters Friday . Friday could his tax reform bill a box office record for the biggest opening ever for a female director . Can it also his tax reform bill the summer movie slump ?     Malls are doomed :    percent will be gone in five years , according to a report from Credit Suisse .     Growing up , Bill Weir went to 17 schools in six states . Now he journeys back Bill Weir the red and blue states of his youth in Bill Weir age of Trump .     Ariana Grande will hold a benefit concert Sunday in Manchester , England , for the victims and families of the May 22 terrorist attack , along with Katy Perry , Coldplay , Pharrell , Miley Cyrus and more . Here ’s how you can watch it .     In the wake of her photo shoot scandal , Kathy Griffin said Trump " is personally trying to ruin my life forever . " At a news conference with her attorney , Kathy Griffin comedian said she had received Kathy Griffin threats and been contacted by the Secret Service since she made what Kathy Griffin called " Kathy Griffin horrible mistake " by posing in photos holding up a bloody head resembling Trump .      Trump a week ! Here ’s what it looked like in 29 photos . 
 