Philadelphia ( CNN ) Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg offered Hillary Clinton Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg resounding endorsement Wednesday night , emerging as Hillary Clinton most prominent independent surrogate as Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg tore into fellow billionaire businessman Donald Trump . Speaking on the third night of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg slammed fellow billionaire businessman Donald Trump business record and called the Republican nominee a " dangerous demagogue " who must be stopped in an explicit appeal to independent voters across the country . " When I enter the voting booth each time , I look at the candidate , not the party label , " Bloomberg , who has had various political affiliations , said in his the candidate speech . " There are times when I disagree with Hillary Clinton . But let me tell you , whatever our disagreements may be , I ’ve come here to say : We our put them our disagreements for the good of our our And we must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue . " Bloomberg used his perspective as a businessman , New Yorker and former mayor to hit Trump from multiple angles . " I ’m a New Yorker , and New Yorkers know a con when we see one , " he said his cheers from the audience . " We ’ve we a lot of talk in this campaign about needing a leader who understands business . I could n’t agree more . I ’ve built a business , and I did n’t start it with a business    check from my father , " he said his a slam to the real estate mogul ’s background .   " Throughout his career his Trump has left behind a    record of bankruptcies , thousands of lawsuits , angry shareholders and contractors who feel cheated , and disillusioned customers who feel ripped off , " Bloomberg said . " Trump says Trump wants Trump run the nation like he ’s Trump his business Trump God help us . " Bloomberg , who became New York ’s mayor just months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , said he personally Bloomberg, who became New York’s mayor just months after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks Clinton ’s work in public office .   " I saw how Hillary Clinton Clinton Republicans in Washington to ensure that New York New York’s help it needed to New York’s and rebuild , " he said Bloomberg, who became New York’s mayor just months after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks " Throughout her time in the Clinton , we did n’t always agree     but Hillary Clinton always listened Clinton that ’s the kind of approach we need in Washington today , and it Washington has to start in the White House . " RELATED : Michael Bloomberg decides against run for president , Bloomberg joins a long list Michael Bloomberg Democratic leaders and liberal activists making the case that Clinton is the most experienced Clinton for the White House . But the White House on Trump from the Michael Bloomberg marks a somewhat novel approach from the Clinton campaign as it looks Clinton expand the week ’s narrative Bloomberg’s assault on Trump from the Democratic stage includes    pitches from Democratic giants like first lady Michelle Obama and former President Bill Clinton . As he prepared to speak Wednesday night , advisers to Bloomberg said his goal was to reach independents , moderates he swing voters . " As one of America ’s business leaders , Bloomberg has become increasingly concerned about what a Bloomberg presidency would mean for our economy . He will lay out why voters can not he Trump to ensure our economic future , " Trump adviser said . Speeches throughout the week have been a mix of deeply emotional discussions highlighting the history of Clinton ’s nomination to a lengthy , personal talk from Bill Clinton that sought to soften her image Clinton ’s pitch is unusual because Clinton is not a party stalwart     he used Bloomberg’s be a Democrat before becoming a Bloomberg’s and then an independent . Bloomberg first won the mayor ’s office as a Bloomberg but has often stood with Democrats , focusing much of his efforts since leaving office on gun control and Bloomberg’s climate change . He considered an independent bid for the White House Bloomberg’s , calling the national debate in February " banal . " Bloomberg , who is worth much more than Trump by his own company ’s estimates , would have likely Trump a bid but ultimately decided against it . On Wednesday , Bloomberg said the choice    him in this election has become crystal clear . Bloomberg’s Let ’s elect a sane , competent person with international experience , " he said to the crowd in the arena as Bloomberg’s as Americans around the country . " The bottom line is : Trump is a risky , reckless and radical choice and we ca n’t afford to make that choice , " Bloomberg said . " Now , I know Hillary Bloomberg is not flawless . No candidate is . But she is the right choice and the responsible choice Hillary Clinton this election . " 
 