’   ’ "    CNN host Brianna Keilar confronted Kellyanne Conway , Donald    Trump ’s campaign manager , in a marathon interview lasting almost    a half an hour on Wednesday .   " "    The anchor clashed repeatedly with Conway over Trump ’s response    to newly revealed lewd comments , conduct toward women , and the    billionaire ’s ongoing tensions with House Speaker Paul Ryan . " Conway . ’ "    The two sparred Clinton Trump ’s assertion that as president , he    would appoint a special prosecutor to jail Clinton for her use of    a private email server . " Trump’s    " He’ ’s talking about going around Clinton Democratic Clinton , talking    about jailing your political opponent is something   — " Keilar    said . ’ ’    " No he’ ’s not . You’’re taking it literally , " Conway replied . ’ ’    " I’’m talking about what He’ candidate is saying , which is more    important than what you are saying about this . Which is she has    to go to jail , " Keilar said . ’ ’    " And ? What are you saying ? " Conway said . " What Americans Keilar    want to know why she hasn’’t been punished at all and why news    Conway like this one think it’ ’s okay , " Conway she . ’ ’ ’ "    Conway spent much of the interview critiquing CNN ’s coverage of    the Conway race , arguing that her candidate Conway    received fair coverage on the network . She   " ’    And when Keilar asked why Trump covering she speech . ’ ’    " Has he finished with all the tweets and Conway about Paul CNN Ryan ? Is he now turning off the spigot on that ? " Keilar said . ’ ’    " The Trump ? Do you know what the theme of the first speech Ryan ?    Trump CNN even covered it ? It had a theme Keilar " Conway quipped . " I the spigot you don’’t , because CNN CNN even cover the speech ’ ’    " ’’ Did you attack somebody ,    he    ? ’’ You’’re CNN a    disservice to the American people by not telling them exactly    everything , fully and fairly , " Conway said . ’ ’    " We’’re not putting somebody in his mouth , " Keilar insisted . ’ 
 Conway the American people We’’re 