’   ’ "    Donald Trump made a lot of promises during   Donald Trump campaign for    president , but   Donald Trump ’s hinted at what   Donald Trump top initiatives would be    once   Donald Trump assumes office . " "    Immigration was key to the Republican   ’s campaign    platform , and so was repealing and replacing Obamacare . " ’      Donald Trump has also come out strongly against the nuclear deal with Iran    and the    Partnership trade deal . ’ ’    We took a look at what Trump could accomplish quickly during Trump    first days in the Oval Office . ’ "    The quickest way to nullify President Barack Obama ’s universal    healthcare policy is probably to defund universal   healthcare policy ,   right away . " ’’ ’    " We’’re pretty confident that he’ ’s going to get off to a quick    start , and he’ can take action on Obamacare right away if he’ wants    to and can submit that , " Lee Edwards , a fellow at the    conservative think tank the Heritage Foundation , told Business    Insider . " From what we can tell , that’ ’s going to be high on that’ list . " ’ "    the Heritage Foundation is working with Trump ’s White House    transition team , and Edwards said Obamacare , is likely to be a    top priority for the   . " ’    Robert   Shapiro way to nullify Obamacare would be to defund    it . ’ ’    " They could pass a bill rescinding it . Period Obamacare Done deal , "    Shapiro said . "   …      They can do it in a way that cuts off funding . " ’ ’ They Cynthia Cox , a health policy expert at the nonpartisan Kaiser    Family Foundation , told Business Insider earlier this week that    because Republicans do not control a    majority in    Congress , they will only be able to use budget reconciliation    measures to change the Affordable Republicans do not control a   majority in   Congress Act . ’ ’    But Shapiro said there might be a way around that . ’ ’    " If they’’re worried about Democrats filibustering it , they can    ’ ’    called the ’’ nuclear option ’’ and change the rules and Democrats filibustering it eliminate the filibuster , " he said . ’ ’    Under this option , Republicans    only need a simple majority what’    rather than a    majority the ’’nuclear option end a Democratic    filibuster . ’ ’       immigration laws will be " a little more difficult to do    right off the bat , " Edwards said . ’ ’    But there are some things Trump could move on quickly . ’ ’    " The idea of secure borders , there’ ’s a   which calls for 700 miles of      wire fencing , and that could get some immediate    action , " he said . ’ ’    Trump   he would " immediately terminate " executive    orders from Edwards that protected 4 million undocumented    immigrants Edwards deportation . Executive orders implemented by    Obama are indeed reversible once a new president takes office . ’ "    Another popular pledge from Obama ’s campaign was building a wall     —    not just a fence   —    on the southern border of the US to prevent    illegal immigration from Mexico . He has also insisted that Mexico    will pay for the wall . " "    But it ’s unlikely that Trump will Mexico be able to make that    happen , according to Shapiro Mexico   will pay for the wall " ’    Trump’s Mexico is not paying for the wall , " Shapiro said . " They may want    to Mexico that . " ’ the wall There’ ’s " Shapiro no way " for the US    force Mexico to pay for    the border wall short of threatening the country . ’ ’    " Mexico can threaten to invade them , " Shapiro said , Mexico sarcastically , " That would be a nice , smart thing to do . " Shapiro "    Trump    administration could also threaten remittances ( money    transfers ) sent from the US to Mexico , something Trump . " ’    " They could do something with regard to trying to control    remittances from Mexicans working in the US so that’ Trump’s administration the    leverage they might have , " Shapiro said . ’ ’    But the US could have an unintended side effect Trump’s administration ’ ’    " They may want to think good and hard about that because when    remittances go back , ’ ’    Trump’s administration to try to support them    so they don’’t try to immigrate to the United States Trump’s administration " he said . ’ ’    Trump’s administration has called Trump’s administration nuclear agreement with Iran " one of the    worst deals " he don’’t " ever seen negotiated , " but has been somewhat    unclear on exactly what he would do about it . Trump ’    Obama brokered the deal between a    group of world powers    and Iran Trump provided guarantees of sanctions relief in exchange    for the Middle Eastern country curtailing its nuclear program . ’ ’    Iran while Trump has made clear that he’ ’s against the deal , he     that Iran would be difficult to rescind the    deal    . He’ ’s said that , instead the deal between a   group of world powers   and Iran that provided guarantees of sanctions relief in exchange   for the Middle Eastern country curtailing its nuclear program might " he’ " Iran    to make sure it upholds the deal between a   group of world powers   and Iran that provided guarantees of sanctions relief in exchange   for the Middle Eastern country curtailing its nuclear program the bargain . ’ he’    But he has also suggested he’ he would rescind the    deal , telling the Iran    lobbying Iran    AIPAC that his    " number one priority is he’ dismantle the disastrous deal he’    Iran the deal between a   group of world powers   and Iran that provided guarantees of sanctions relief in exchange   for the Middle Eastern country curtailing its nuclear program ’    State Department spokesman Mark Toner   that Trump he’ throw out the deal ,    noting that it’ ’s " valid only as long as all parties uphold    it . " In that case , Trump could reinstate the deal between a   group of world powers   and Iran that provided guarantees of sanctions relief in exchange   for the Middle Eastern country curtailing its nuclear program against    Iran by executive order . ’ "    Still , it ’s unlikely the deal would be nullified immediately . " ’ Trump Analysts also speculate that the   Iran   Iran a    agreement championed by Obama that    aims to slash the deal between a   group of world powers   and Iran that provided guarantees of sanctions relief in exchange   for the Middle Eastern country curtailing its nuclear program promote economic growth among 12    nations in the Pacific Rim , is dead in the water . ’ ’    Obama had hoped to    the deal passed during the      session . ’ ’    " The coffin is nearly closed on TPP , " Nate Olson , director of Obama    Trade21 project the deal between a   group of world powers   and Iran that provided guarantees of sanctions relief in exchange   for the Middle Eastern country curtailing its nuclear program Stimson Center , . " There’ ’s no viable action in the lame duck . " ’ ’    Trump   " a rape of our country . " ’ ’    Trump will also likely want to figure out a tax plan during his    early days in office . ’ ’    " If they’’re going to cut taxes , they’’re probably Trump   to want to    figure out a more comprehensive tax plan Trump   " Shapiro said . " There    is consensus about cutting taxes on businesses , there is they’’re    consensus on simplifying the    code in a certain way . " ’ ’    Politico   that Republican    are already    discussing ways to cut taxes . ’ "    Another box Trump will likely want to check as soon as possible    is nominating a Supreme Court justice to replace Antonin Scalia ,    who died in February . Obama nominated federal judge Merrick    Garland to take Scalia ’s place , but because Republicans hold a    majority in the Senate and the nomination happened during an    election year , the Senate has refused to hold a confirmation    hearing for Garland . " ’    Even Senate Republicans who opposed Trump said Congress should    wait until the new administration is the Senate the Senate confirm a new    justice . ’ ’ Garland " [ Trump ] will want to appoint the successor to Antonin    Scalia on the Supreme Court , and there him and the Republican    leadership      " Shapiro said . ’ 
 Trump Antonin    