Border Patrol agents in the Tucson Sector arrested multiple illegal aliens who had entered the U. S. including a Mexican convicted of sex crimes against a child and a Salvadoran man who had been convicted of murder . [ The arrests took place in the Tucson Sector in southern Arizona last week , according to information obtained from U. S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) officials . On November 21 , agents assigned to the Brian Terry Border Patrol Station apprehended a Mexican national who had illegally reentered the U. S. A records check revealed the Mexican man had been previously convicted on a felony charge of lewd conduct with a child under the age of 16 . the Mexican man spent 365 days in an Idaho prison and was subsequently deported .   The Mexican national now faces felony charges of illegal reentry after being deported as a convicted sex offender . Two days earlier , Border Patrol agents detained a group of suspected drug smugglers . a group of suspected drug smugglers was carrying more than 350 pounds of marijuana , according to CBP officials . Border Patrol agents took the suspected smugglers into suspected drug smugglers processing , it was learned that one of the men , a Salvadoran national , had previously been arrested for homicide . He was convicted and spent nine one of the men, a Salvadoran national, had previously been arrested for homicide in prison . The location of his offense was not disclosed by one of the men, a Salvadoran national, had previously been arrested for homicide officials . The Salvadoran man CBP subsequently deported one of the men, a Salvadoran national, had previously been arrested for homicide now been arrested and charged with one of the men, a Salvadoran national, had previously been arrested for homicide reentry after deportation . Breitbart Texas has reported extensively on these types of criminal aliens who repeatedly reenter the U. S. after being deported for their crimes . These individuals frequently include previously criminal aliens sex offenders . These criminals feel free to come and go across the Mexican border at will because of the federal government ’s failure to properly secure the nation ’s border .    Donald Trump repeatedly promised during his presidential campaign to build a wall and Donald Trump secure the border . The Brian A. Terry Border the nation’s border is named in honor of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry who was shot and killed during a night operation near the Arizona Border with Mexico in December 2010 . Two guns from teh Obama Administration ’s Operation Fast and Furious were found at the scene of his murder . Bob Price serves as associate editor Donald Trump senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Donald Trump . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . Texas Donald Trump 