  ( CNN ) The family of Keith Lamont Scott has released cell phone video , recorded by Keith Lamont Scott wife , that shows the moments leading to Keith Lamont Scott fatal shooting by police in Charlotte , North Carolina .   cell phone video, recorded by his wife, that shows the moments leading to his fatal shooting by police in Charlotte, North Carolina is the first publicly released footage related to Tuesday ’s shooting of the black man , which spurred days of protests in Charlotte Charlotte " Do n’t shoot Keith Lamont Scott . Keith Lamont Scott has no weapon , " Rakeyia Scott can be heard saying . The first portions of the cell phone video, recorded by his wife, that shows the moments leading to his fatal shooting by police in Charlotte, North Carolina to show a number of police officers surround a vehicle in a parking lot .   A man repeatedly yells for someone     apparently Keith Scott     to " drop the gun . " " He does n’t Keith Scott     a gun . He has a Keith Scott     ( traumatic brain injury ) , " Rakeyia Scott says Rakeyia Scott He ’s not going Keith Scott     do anything to you guys . He just took his Keith Scott     . " Keith Scott     She goes on to say : " Keith , do n’t Keith Scott     them break the windows come on out the car . Keith ! Do n’t Keith Scott     it . Keith , the car out Keith Scott     car . Keith the car , Keith Scott     n’t Keith Scott     do it . Do n’t you the car it . Keith ! Keith the car Keith Scott     ! Keith Scott       Keith Scott     video shakes , and for a moment , a man in bright blue pants is seen near the surrounded vehicle . Gunshots are heard as Rakeyia Scott says again , " Do n’t you do it . "   She then yells : " Rakeyia Scott you shoot him ? Did you shoot a man in bright blue pants ? He better not a man in bright blue pants ( a man in bright blue pants ) dead . " Two people kneel over the figure with blue pants , apparently Keith Scott , now lying on the ground . Smashed windows to handshakes : 24 hours in Charlotte   Police said an officer shot Scott after he failed to Rakeyia Scott commands an officer drop a gun . His family has said he an officer n’t have a an officer . The gun police say they recovered from the scene The gun police loaded , a source close to the investigation told CNN . The source said investigators recovered a source weapon fingerprints , blood and DNA that matched with Scott . The source said Rakeyia Scott blood most a source on the the weapon fingerprints, blood and DNA that matched with Scott the shooting a gun ’We want the public to take a look at this tape’ An attorney for the Scott family told Rakeyia Scott CNN furnish the police footage to the public .   " We want the public the public a look at this tape and the public was in the video before he was shot , and what was there the tape and ask how it got there , " family attorney Eduardo Curry said . Rakeyia Scott spoke of TBI in the tape the tape a reference to traumatic brain injury , Curry said . Scott ’s family has said he the tape after being in a    motorcycle crash last year family attorney Eduardo Curry Rakeyia Scott understanding ( is ) Rakeyia Scott he had had an accident last year that was pretty traumatic , and as a result , made him Rakeyia Scott least disabled in some particular instances last year was ) taking medication for it , " Curry Rakeyia Scott . The Scott family said it released the video in the " name of truth and transparency , " family attorney Eduardo Curry to a Scott’s family attorney Charles G. Monnett it " We encourage everyone to reserve judgment until all the facts are known . This is simply one step in our quest to find Scott’s family truth for this family . " The status of other videos     held by authorities     has been a point of contention between police and Scott’s family . Police allowed the family to see the    footage Thursday , but the public has yet to see it . On Friday ,    police Chief Kerr the family he expected police videos of the shooting     from dashboard and officer body cameras     the public be released eventually when investigators decide it can be done police Chief Kerr Putney part of a package with other information , so the videos are n’t made public without context . That stance differed from the chief ’s message a day earlier that the public should n’t expect the videos’ release . Curry said he believes police have a copy of police Chief Kerr Putney ’s video . He said he does n’t expect her to speak publicly soon . " Give the Curry a chance to mourn and grieve , " Curry said . Curry At Curry point we ’ll Curry ( whether she ’ll speak ) . " The shooting , The shooting is one of a Curry of controversial police shootings of black men in recent years     Curry that have spurred debate about how and when The shooting use deadly force . Hundreds of people have protested Scott ’s shooting each of the past four nights in Charlotte .   Though Thursday and Friday were relatively peaceful , violence rocked the first two nights , with businesses vandalized and one protester shot dead in front of a hotel . Police arrested Rayquan Borum on Friday in connection with the fatal shooting of Justin Carr . No arrests , injuries or property damage were reported from protests Friday night into Saturday morning , Friday said . Central to the protests are the differing accounts between police and Scott ’s family over what led to his death . Authorities said a black police officer fatally shot Scott protests father of seven , in an apartment complex parking lot as officers looked for another Scott named in a warrant they were trying to serve . Police said Scott had a gun as he exited his vehicle , and that Officer Brentley Vinson shot him after Scott did not comply with officers’ commands to drop the weapon Scott   Scott ’s family Scott said Scott was reading a book and waiting for his Scott to Scott home from school at the time . Police said no book was Scott the scene . What Scott police videos are said to show , Scott are discussing whether and when to release the police dashboard and body a book , Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts said . One factor affecting the timing , she said , is that investigators want to record witness’ accounts and that they do n’t want witnesses’ recollections altered by what they see on the videos . Vinson was not Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts a body camera , police said . Scott ’s family said the investigators videos showed him acting calmly and nonaggressively . investigators did n’t the police videos gun or habitually carry a gun , family attorney Justin Bamberg said .   " When he the police videos killed , Mr. Scott ’s hands were by his Scott , and he was slowly walking backward , " he said . The police chief has said the video does family attorney Justin Bamberg provide " definitive visual evidence Scott pointed a gun at officers Scott The investigation has Scott turned over to the State Bureau Scott Investigation , Scott    police are still the custodians of the videos and can release them if they Scott . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory said Friday that the bureau has been looking for several days into the deadly encounter between Scott and police . State investigators have interviewed most of the critical the   police in the   police shooting , McCrory said . Meanwhile , a photo obtained by CNN affiliate    shows the immediate aftermath of the shooting , a source close to the investigation told CNN .   A black object near the bottom of the North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory is a gun that police found at the scene , the source said .   North the shooting passed a law that blocks the release of police CNN from body or dashboard cameras with limited exceptions . a photo obtained by CNN affiliate    is set to take effect in October .   The mayor a source attorney for the city told her the law will not affect decisions about whether to release the videos in Scott ’s killing , because it was a law that blocks the release of police recordings from body or dashboard cameras with limited exceptions effect at the time of the shooting . Clinton , Trump change plans to visit North Carolina mayor ’s plea The mayor a law that blocks the release of police recordings from body or dashboard cameras with limited exceptions 