  ( CNN ) Be careful what you wish for .    Former FBI Director James Comey ’s prepared statement to Congress makes clear that when it comes to the    investigation of alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 election , President Trump is President Trump own worst enemy . Against the advice of allies and adversaries alike , President Trump has repeatedly , almost obsessively , attempted to shut down    inquiries . The effort , predictably , has backfired .   Instead of tamping down the issue , President Trump has revved up public interest . Instead of asserting control of the FBI and other intelligence agencies , President Trump now faces a probe led by a formidable independent counsel , Robert Mueller , the    serving director in FBI history . And instead of Comey ’s statement clearing President Trump in the eyes of the public , he President Trump looks like a man with something to hide . Comey Comey’s suggest that Trump President Trump in      with his    Comey’s , asked for things he had Comey’s business demanding . He wanted Comey’s " loyalty " from an FBI director whose    term is specifically intended to insulate the bureau from political interference .   And most damaging of all , Trump President Trump for leniency for Michael Flynn , the fired national security adviser who allegedly lied about his President Trump with a top Russian diplomat . " I had understood the President to be requesting that we drop any investigation of Flynn in Michael Flynn with false statements about his conversations the President the Russian ambassador in December . .. it was very concerning , given the FBI ’s role as an independent investigative agency , " Comey ’s statement says .   The    intervention will come back to haunt Trump . " Obstruction aside , it ’s The   intervention ok for a POTUS privately to ask an FBI Director the FBI drop a criminal investigation . Extraordinary , wrong   dumb , " tweeted Preet Bharara , the former U. S. attorney based in Manhattan who Trump unceremoniously Trump back in March .   Bharara ’s is a    opinion . A majority of Americans think the President is interfering with investigations , and 61 % think he fired the President to protect himself , Comey for the good of the country , according to a new Washington    News poll .   Every new tweet ,    interview and attack on the media has dug a deeper hole for Trump . Plans to create a    " war room " to reject    stories turned out to be a bust , reportedly because experienced lawyers declined to   staff it for   White House . That leaves an isolated President     a man with a penchant for lying     with the hopeless task of asking the public to believe him and an isolated President     Comey . If he ’s an isolated President     , Trump will simply hunker down and try to stoically endure the storm of bad news coming his way an isolated President     thanks to Comey . Trying to intervene , it should now be obvious , makes the President look like a man bent on a    not clarity . 
 