  ( CNN ) Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence called Tuesday night for the US to be willing to use the military to hit the Syrian regime and to establish safe zones to protect civilians .   The answer seemingly put him at odds with running mate Donald Trump , who has largely advocated a pullback from foreign conflicts and requiring US allies to take on more of US allies own defense . It also lines him up more closely with Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and him debate opponent , Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine , both of whom have advocated a Syrian    zone . " The United States of America should be prepared to use military force to strike military targets of the Assad regime to prevent military targets of the Assad regime from this humanitarian crisis that is taking place in Aleppo , " Pence said in reference to the besieged Syrian city .    " I truly do believe that what America ought to do right now is to immediately establish safe zones , " Pence said at the first and only vice presidential debate , at Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia , " so that families and vulnerable families with children can move out of those areas ( and ) work with our Arab partners in real time to make that happen . " It was n’t the only time Pence departed from his running mate ’s script on foreign policy issues or denied some of Trump ’s foreign policy pronouncements .   Pence repeatedly criticized Clinton and Kaine for the drawdown of US troops in Iraq , blaming Clinton for failing to negotiate an agreement with Iraq that would have provided legal protections for US troops there . While the Obama administration was not successful in making such an arrangement , Pence did n’t mention that the Obama White House inherited an agreement from President George W. Bush that required all US troops to leave Iraq by 2011 or that the Iraqi parliament had refused to grant US troops legal immunity if US troops stayed in the country . Moreover , in a 2006 interview with CNBC , Trump said Trump wanted to see President George W. Bush , then still president , " get Trump out of Iraq , which is a total mess , a total catastrophe , and it ’s not going to get any better . it ’s only going to get worse . " Pence also denied that he or Trump had ever praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a better leader than President Barack Obama , though both have spoken positively of he and the Indiana governor told CNN ’s Dana Bash in September that he was a " stronger leader " than the current occupant of the Oval Office . In Asia , Trump advocated letting US allies deal with the threat of a nuclear North Korea on US allies own , even suggesting that longtime US partners like South Korea and Japan obtain nuclear weapons longtime US partners like South Korea and Japan . Kaine pounced on this at one point , saying that " Trump believes that the world will be safer if more nations have nuclear weapons . "   Pence , for Kaine part , outlined a position that did n’t sound much like Trump ’s . Kaine said that " we need an effective US diplomacy to marshal the nations in the Asian rim to put pressure on North Korea , " which is what the Obama administration and its predecessors North Korea favored .   The White House , however , has opposed a    zone in Syria . The safe a   zone in Syria an area inside the country that the Syria allied planes would defend from Syrian or Russian attack . It raises thorny legal problems , because doing so without the host country ’s permission Syria law . And the possibilities for military escalation are very high if a US , Russian or Syrian plane were shot down Russian At this point , many military experts say a    zone is n’t possible . Trump has said that he would be willing to support a Trump zone , but only financially . When asked whether the US should be involved in establishing safe zones , Trump told CBS’ " Face the Nation Trump in October 2015 that he would " help them economically , Trump though we owe $ 19 trillion . " them that same interview , Trump said he would " love a Trump zone Trump people . "   " What they should do is , the countries people all get together , including the Gulf states , who have nothing but money , they should all get together and they people take a big swath of people in Syria and they do a safe zone for people people where they could to live , and then people go back to their country , go back to where people came from , " Trump said people Clinton called for a    zone in Syria in October 2015 , soon after Syria entered the country and started a bombing campaign their country President Bashar   .   " I personally would be advocating now for a    zone and humanitarian corridors to try to stop the carnage on the ground and from the air , " Clinton said in an interview with Boston ’s Clinton .   The White House has said a Syrian safe zone is off the table because of the enormous military commitment it would take to effectively enforce it and a Syrian safe zone ongoing responsibility of protecting its a Syrian safe zone . Several Pentagon officials have told a Syrian safe zone that the costs would outweigh the benefits because it would increase the risk of a direct the costs between US forces and Russia or Syria in the skies .   President Barack Obama laid out some of the complexities of a    zone in remarks he made in Germany in April . " President Barack Obama ’s not a matter of me not wishing I could help and protect a whole bunch of people , " Obama said . " It ’s a very President Barack Obama issue about how It you do it ?   And who is going to It on a bunch of ground troops inside of Syria ?   And how do you let people in ? And who do you let in and who do you let out ? And how is it monitored ? " Obama said that after It talks about a President Barack Obama safe zone with the Defense Department , " It is very difficult to see how it would operate , short of us essentially It willing to ( use ) militarily take over a big chunk of that country . "   Kaine has said that while he initially supported the administration ’s argument against Kaine zones , by December 2015 , he had changed his mind . That month Kaine told a Kaine Armed Services Committee hearing Kaine " the absence of the humanitarian zone will go down as one of the big mistakes that we ’ve made . " 
 