A new poll from Rasmussen Reports shows Donald Trump edging Hillary Clinton in a hypothetical general election   . The poll , of likely voters , finds Donald Trump with 41 percent , followed closely by Hillary Clinton with 39 percent . [ While A new poll from Rasmussen Reports is certainly good news for Trump Donald Trump , there is one interesting caveat to the result . Voters were not given the option of simply staying home and not voting . Last week , when a Rasmussen poll gave voters that the option of simply staying home and not voting Trump Donald Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton tied , taking 38 percent of the vote each .   Even with the " staying home " option removed , 20 percent of voters say they would 20 percent of voters a third candidate or are undecided between Trump Donald Trump Trump and Clinton , one ca n’t really remove the " stay home " option for voters . Even if one were able to do this , however , the benefit to Trump Donald Trump slight . Essentially , the race between Trump Donald Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump and Clinton to Rasmussen . Indeed , Rasmussen polling in the race has Rasmussen largely static the race between Trump and Clinton past six months . In October , Trump Donald Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton an almost equal amount ,    percent .   In December , Clinton Hillary Clinton the edge ,    over Trump Donald Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton best showing was in early March , when she Hillary Clinton the GOP frontrunner by five points ,   . Both Trump Donald Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton still facing some headwinds among their party ’s voters . Trump Donald Trump Both Trump and Clinton support of just 73 percent of Republicans in a general election contest , while Clinton Hillary Clinton the backing of just 77 percent of Democrats . Republicans are twice as likely as Democrats to support a    candidate . Among truly Independent voters , with no ties to either political party , Trump Donald Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton 6 points ,   . Actually , among these voters , Clinton Hillary Clinton in third . Almost     unaffiliated voters , 32 percent , back a    candidate or are undecided . The Rasmussen poll suggests a    in November . The numbers suggest that neither candidate is particularly popular beyond a small core of supporters . The conventional wisdom from partisans of both candidates that the one will crush the other in November seems very premature . Neither Trump November Clinton seems to have any kind of insurmountable advantage over the other at this stage . Clinton , however , does have more Clinton to grow her support . Among black voters , Clinton leads    percent . Among    Clinton , she leads    percent . In both Clinton blocks , Trump is garnering an average level of support for a Republican candidate . Clinton ’s support , however , is Clinton that expected of a Democrat candidate . If she can get these numbers closer to that Clinton an average Democrat , without losing support , her position in November will strengthen . In Clinton end , this poll probably says more about the candidacy of Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump . Those Republicans Clinton Donald Trump being the nominee would do well to Donald Trump the Democrats will be saddled with Clinton . She is currently one of the worst Clinton Democrat Clinton in a very long time . 
 