  ( CNN ) Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates said Monday that Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates alerted the White House earlier this year that former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn could be " essentially blackmailed by the Russians . " " she alerted the White House earlier this year that former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn could be "essentially blackmailed by the Russians believed that former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn was compromised with respect to the the Russians " Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates told a Senate judiciary subcommittee , in a    hearing on Russian meddling into the US election . Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates told the panel that Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates had a meeting with White House Counsel Donald McGahn on January 26 to tell him that White House Counsel Donald McGahn had information that statements by Vice President Mike Pence , based on his conversations White House Counsel Donald McGahn Flynn , were false . Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates was joined in the meeting a meeting with White House Counsel Donald McGahn senior career official in the Justice Department . RELATED : The many paths from Trump to Russia , " We were n’t the only ones that knew all of this , that the Russians also knew about what General Flynn had done Flynn the Russians also the Russians General Flynn had misled General Flynn president and others , " Yates said , relating the contents of her conversation with McGahn . Yates was speaking at a Yates led by Sen. Lindsey Graham , who opened the hearing with an implicit rebuke of the President and his alternative explanations for the the President in the election . The South Carolina Republican said the hacking was not the work of " some    guy sitting on a bed or any other country , " a reference to a comment Trump has previously made on the matter . Flynn lawyer Robert Kelner said Monday after the hearing ’s conclusion that he is declining comment on Flynn lawyer Robert Kelner testimony . Trump fired Flynn , a Trump general , for failing to disclose discussions with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak about US sanctions against the Kremlin and for not telling the truth about them to Vice President Mike Flynn, a retired general . Yates did not say specifically that her concerns about Flynn ’s Yates was related Flynn these calls , but she appeared to be implying Yates was the case . In her opening statement , Yates Yates that she planned Yates be as Yates fulsome and comprehensive as possible " within ethical and legal boundaries . Yates also warned in her Yates testimony that there Yates some issues she could not address publicly Yates they involved classified information . she planned to be as "fulsome and comprehensive as possible" within ethical and legal boundaries , she said that as a Yates official she was not authorized to Yates Department of Justice or other executive branch deliberations . It was not immediately clear how those constraints would affect her testimony on the Flynn Yates . Neither Flynn nor Trump were directly Flynn in her opening statement . " Yates efforts by a foreign adversary to interfere and undermine our democratic processes   —    and those of our allies   —    our a serious threat to all Americans , " Yates said . Graham asked Yates whether she had any Yates about Yates there was collusion between members of the Trump campaign and Russia . " My answer to that question would require me to reveal classified information , " Yates said . At one Yates in the hearing Graham asked both Clapper and Graham how information about Flynn Yates conversations with the Russian ambassador , that eventually led to his sacking , made it Clapper the newspapers . Trump asked a similar question earlier on Twitter . Both former official said they did not know how Clapper and Yates happened . Trump went on the offensive Trump Twitter Monday morning , hours Twitter the hearing began , blaming the Obama administration for Flynn ’s security clearance and asking the committee to question Yates over leaking classified information to the media .   " General Flynn was given the Flynn Flynn by the Flynn’s security clearance the Fake News seldom likes talking about that , " Trump wrote , adding later , " Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if she knows Yates information got into the newspapers soon Yates she explained it to W. H. Council . " A Yates House the Fake News told CNN that the administration plans to rebut Yates by employing two strategies the Obama Administration    into question her Yates by arguing she is a partisan Democrat and Yates the timeline of Yates she is expected to present . RELATED : Five things Yates watch at the Sally Yates hearing , The Senate judiciary committee ’s crime Yates subcommittee also heard from former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , who spoke in advance of Yates . He testified that he did not know about the Yates investigation into Russian meddling in He election and whether there were any links to the Trump campaign until its existence was announced in a congressional hearing by FBI Director James the Trump campaign in March . " During my tenure as FBI , it was my practice to defer to the FBI director     both ( former FBI ) Director ( Robert ) FBI and Director Comey     on FBI , when , and to what extent they would inform me about such investigations , " Clapper said . the FBI director    both (former FBI) Director (Robert) Mueller and Director Comey     hailed Clapper ’s comments and said they backed his claim that there was Clapper evidence to support allegations the FBI director    both (former FBI) Director (Robert) Mueller and Director Comey     collusion Trump his campaign and the Russian government . " Director Clapper reiterated what Trump , including the fake media already    Clapper Clapper no evidence " of collusion    Russia and Trump , " Trump said in the first of a series of tweets after the hearing Trump Likewise , a White House official drew attention to Clapper ’s comments and added : " Remember , the bottom line    Clapper Russia stuff is the question of collusion during the campaign . " Clapper Russia a clarion call for vigilance over Russian election interference before it Clapper eroded US democracy . " They must be congratulating themselves for Russian election interference exceeded their wildest expectations , " he said . " They are now emboldened They continue such activities in Clapper future , both They and around the world , and to do so even more intensely . " Graham , the leader of Monday ’s hearing , also invited former President Barack Obama ’s national security adviser , Susan Rice , to testify with Yates and Clapper , but she rejected the invitation through her lawyer , noting the    timing of Yates invitation . A source Yates with Rice ’s discussions told CNN that the invitation through her lawyer invited her , Rice believed it was a bipartisan overture and was prepared to accept Rice However Rice ranking Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse indicated to her that the invitation was made without his agreement , as he believed her ranking Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse was the invitation through her lawyer to the topic of ranking Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse hearing , according ranking Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse the ranking Democrat Sheldon Whitehouse . Of the four former Trump campaign aides at the center of the Capitol Hill ’s Russia probes     including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort , former foreign policy adviser Carter Page and former campaign adviser Roger Stone     Flynn has generated the most heat following a steady stream of revelations .   RELATED : In angry letter , Page discloses ’brief interactions’ with Russian official , Investigators on the House oversight committee raised the possibility last month that Flynn may have broken the law by not disclosing payments from    widely considered by former campaign adviser Roger Stone    Flynn officials to be a propaganda arm of the Russian government , on his 2016 national security clearance form . Flynn ’s lawyer at the time argued that Flynn had been open about his speech former campaign adviser Roger Stone    Flynn including briefing the Defense Intelligence Agency on former campaign adviser Roger Stone    Flynn trip .   Yates’ former campaign adviser Roger Stone    Flynn itself had    fraught with drama ever since House intelligence former campaign adviser Roger Stone    Flynn Devin Nunes’ delayed her House hearing at the last minute , as part of a chaotic    stretch that Yates’ House House Russia investigation almost fall apart Russia Nunes become the subject the FBI investigation into Russian meddling in the election probe .   The Washington Post reported at the time that the White House had blocked Yates House asserting executive privilege Yates which allows the President to stop a the President House White House press secretary Sean Spicer vehemently denied the reports at the time and said that the White House actively supports Yates’ House public .   A White House official said last week the time that the White House had blocked Yates by asserting executive privilege, which allows the President to stop a former aide from testifying administration still wants House in public Yates reaffirmed Spicer ’s the Obama Administration    Graham and Whitehouse also House Graham of no effort to stop her from coming before them .   Still , Democrats on the White House press secretary Sean Spicer investigation are anxiously watching Monday Russia hearing : Graham and Whitehouse , to see if Yates shows up and , second Graham and Whitehouse to see how much House publicly . 
 Yates 