Scandal star Kerry Washington lit into Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Scandal star Kerry Washington campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , during an appearance Friday on HBO ’s Real Time , telling host Bill Maher that Democrat Hillary Clinton has the better policies , but that Democrat Hillary Clinton message has been drowned out while the media chooses to focus the media coverage on Trump . [ When asked by Bill Maher about the " enthusiasm gap " that threatens Democrat Hillary Clinton candidacy   —    support for the Democrat Hillary Clinton millennials has dropped nearly 2o points in one month , the Wall Street Journal reported Friday   —    the     actress said the bigger problem is that Americans are being led to vote based on " cult of personality " instead of the issues .   " I think if we really look at policy , voting for Trump is voting against our best interests as Americans , as workers , as people of color , as women , " Washington said . " Not voting is voting against ourselves   …      and I think , in this election , voting for a    candidate is voting against ourselves . " Washington also Washington Conway , who took over as Trump ’s Trump this summer , and Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka , whom she called smarter than the candidate himself a   candidate think it ’s important that we not be distracted by these very smart , very articulate , beautiful women who work in the Trump campaign , who are Trump lot smarter than the candidate I think , and we need to be not we by that because they will not have their we not be distracted by these very smart, very articulate, beautiful women who work in the Trump campaign, who are a lot smarter than the candidate I think on the button we not be distracted by these very smart, very articulate, beautiful women who work in the Trump campaign, who are a lot smarter than the candidate I think he will . " Washington a   candidate on to call Trump ’s childcare policy " logistically inept " before showering praise on Clinton , who visited the set of the actress’ show earlier this year . " A lot of people say , ‘ She does n’t have policy , she does n’t address the She that are important to us,’ but I think that ’s because the noise , again , is coming from the bully in the playground , " she said . " If She do the research , the policy is there . " " Kellyanne [ Conway ] is really good at what she does believe me , She Olivia Pope , I know spin when I see it , " the actress added , referring to her character on Scandal . the actress We have to do the work to dig because the media is not    us the information we need We vote in We best interest . " We is among the dozens of celebrities and activists who in January signed on to the " Stop Hate Dump Trump " campaign , in which they pledged to " speak out in every way possible " to prevent the Republican candidate from winning the White House in November . In March , the actress appeared in an ad for Clinton ’s campaign alongside Scandal showrunner Shonda Rhimes and actresses Ellen Pompeo and Viola Davis . Washington is up for an Emmy Award at Sunday night ’s ceremony for her role as Anita Hill the actress the HBO movie Confirmation . Watch Washington ’s appearance on Real Washington .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 