Tony Perkins , host of the Family Research Council ’s Washington Watch radio show , discussed the # DumpKelloggs boycott with Breitbart News CEO Larry Solov on Monday . [ " The Left has lost control of the government   —    at least , The Left ’s about to   —    which they have used to basically punish dissenting thought , when it comes to they politically correct agenda . So now there is this , it appears to be [ a ] rapid move to consolidate they control of corporate America   —    to use they to be they tool or they weapon of choice , " Perkins said , putting the Kellogg ’s boycott of Breitbart News into the context of the 2016 election .   LISTEN : " So what ’s happening now with this pushback ? " he asked Solov . " Did they expect you to push back and have others join , or were they thinking they could just get away with this ? " " I think they were thinking they could just get away with this , " Solov replied . " I mean , they could have , if they wanted to , stop advertising on our site and frankly not made any announcement about advertising . But they came out and they made the announcement that they were blacklisting our because Breitbart . com and this readers   —    and by the way , our have 45 million readers   …     " Perkins interjected , " I love to have our articles up there on Breitbart because our get a lot of feedback when they ’re up there because a lot of our conservative Christian listeners , readers , go to Breitbart for information . " " Yes , and our thank a lot of our conservative Christian listeners, readers, go to Breitbart for information , and our thank you very much for Tony , " said Solov . " our 45 million readers , [ Kellogg ’s ] said Our 45 million readers, [Kellogg’s do not share Our 45 million readers, [Kellogg’s values . I do n’t know what values a cereal company should have , other than producing a great product and making shareholders happy . Our 45 million readers, [Kellogg’s of course did not specify what our values were , and Our 45 million readers, [Kellogg’s also did n’t specify how we do n’t share those values   —    because frankly , Tony , Our 45 million readers, [Kellogg’s ca n’t point to anything . "   " This is a political hit , " Solov continued . " It This in part , as you mentioned , because Steve Bannon is now in the White House , and it Steve Bannon is now in the White House an effort to denigrate , I think , the mainstream American values that we hold dear . Breitbart is , as you know , the most      American values news brand in the English language . " " It ’s like a different version of Hillary Clinton ’s ‘ basket of deplorables,’ " Perkins observed . " Kellogg ’s has their Kellogg of deplorables , and they Kellogg basically dumping this on half of America . I mean , it just does n’t make sense from a corporate standpoint that you just want to insult people who are your customers or potential customers . " " No , it does n’t , and that ’s why we think it it an extraordinary step by doing so , and why we we called for a boycott of Kellogg ’s , " Solov agreed . " Because frankly this is an attack , not just on Breitbart , but this is an attack on your listeners and our readers , many of whom are the same . " " You ’re right , a lot of our we is published on Breitbart Breitbart When petitions that we we on religious liberty in the military get to Breitbart Breitbart they When petitions that we do on religious liberty in the military get to Breitbart extremely well   —    because you ’re right , it ’s    Americans who read Breitbart Breitbart " said Perkins .   " This label , and it it part of this trump card they like to play   —    no pun intended there !   —    but they they to play this race card . That ’s their this race card They they trying to say this [ is ] some kind of ‘ white nationalist’ entity , Breitbart . I want you to address that , " he said to Breitbart . " We are , as you know , and as your listeners know , we are not We white supremacist or white nationalist website , " Solov declared . Solov Never have been , are not , never will be . What that is , is an attempt   —    and we ’ve seen it come from an attempt   Left many times   —    an attempt to shut down mainstream conservative thought , because they can not compete in the realm of ideas . We know that we will win We that basis . They try to they people so that you ca n’t get your ideas out there , and they marginalize you they calling you racist , sexist , and terms like that . " Perkins proposed that Donald Trump ’s success was partly due to the way " he just bowled Donald Trump’s through that . " " He did , Donald Trump’s there ’s some signs because of that , that maybe this       playbook of calling conservatives racist is maybe beginning to lose some of its effectiveness , calling conservatives racist Solov said . " You made a great point that they tried to do it with    Trump and it did not it . Frankly , they can not Trump and it to a single fact , a single article on Breitbart that is white nationalist , because it has never a single article on Breitbart that is white nationalist . " Solov invited Washington Solov listeners to visit Breitbart . com Breitbart sign the petition that appears on the    side of the page , to " let Kellogg ’s know that this is not acceptable , and that we are traditional values people , and we ’re not we to take it . " Perkins concluded by repeating his warning that Perkins Left would " try to use corporate America to marginalize and bash conservative thought , " now that they are out corporate America power . You can listen to the complete audio of the interview above . 
 