Washington ( CNN ) A longtime limo driver whose luxury car was torched during Friday ’s    Trump protests in Washington says Trump protests in Washington ’s ready to get back to work . Luis Villarroel had parked Luis Villarroel limo on K Street after dropping off a client when Luis Villarroel heard a loud noise . " There were these boys who had covered their faces with masks " who had surrounded the car , Luis Villarroel told CNN Saturday . A woman signaled to Luis Villarroel to get out of his limo , and by the time Luis Villarroel exited , " they were already hammering my the car " As Luis Villarroel moved away , people were throwing things at Luis Villarroel , including a sandwich . Someone set a small fire inside the his limo causing Luis Villarroel to rush back to the car to the car out . Police the car , more than 200 arrested at Trump inauguration protests in DC , Police then arrived at the scene and told Luis Villarroel to leave , saying the situation was getting dangerous . The company for which he works , Nationwide Chauffeured Services , sent another car to pick him and his client he . he after , protesters set another fire to the limo , which quickly spread to the rest of the vehicle , engulfing it in flames . the vehicle Maggiolo , a spokesman for DC Fire , told CNN he was unable to Vito Maggiolo, a spokesman for DC Fire further details about the incident . Majid Rafique , a spokesman for the chauffeur company , said it was not clear how much it was going to it the company to replace the chauffeur company , saying the limo, which quickly spread to the rest of the vehicle waiting for the Vito Maggiolo, a spokesman for DC Fire company ’s assessment . the chauffeur company driven a limo for 25 years , only suffered a minor cut on his finger during the incident Vito Maggiolo, a spokesman for DC Fire was otherwise the incident By Saturday , he was back at work Vito Maggiolo, a spokesman for DC Fire driving a bus for the company . " These things do n’t scare me the chauffeur company he said . Six police Vito Maggiolo, a spokesman for DC Fire were injured and 217 protesters were arrested throughout the day Friday after a morning of peaceful protests and coordinated disruptions of Trump ’s inauguration ceremony gave way to ugly street clashes in downtown Washington .    protests also broke out Friday in US cities , including New York , Seattle , Friday , Chicago and Portland , Oregon . Authorities in Seattle say one person was in critical condition at a hospital Seattle a gunshot wound . Demonstrations also took place overseas in Hong Kong , Berlin and London . 
 