  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is pushing back against reports that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus voiced concerns to Donald Trump about the billionaire ’s tone when talking about undocumented immigrants during a Wednesday phone call . Donald Trump instead told CNN on Thursday a Wednesday phone call had a " congratulatory " tone     but conceded that Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus suggested Donald Trump " tone it down a little bit . "   " Donald Trump did say , Donald Trump know , you could keep it it a little bit , but you ca n’t change your personality and I understand that.’ It was really a nice call , a congratulatory call , " Donald Trump told CNN CNN Donald Trump said Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus congratulated Donald Trump on Donald Trump surge in the polls , telling Donald Trump that Donald Trump ’s " literally not seen anything like this . " The RNC declined comment on Thursday on Donald Trump version of events . The Washington Post first reported Priebus’ phone call to Trump Donald Trump   RELATED : Top 6 Trump takeaways , A Republican source familiar with the call Priebus’ phone call on Wednesday that Priebus expressed his concern to Priebus Donald Trump the call and Priebus’ phone call discussed a range of topics . " Look , I ’ve got ta tell you , I spent four years trying to make inroads with the Hispanic community . .. how we address illegal immigration is very important , " to winning back Hispanics politically , Priebus said at the Priebus of the call , according Priebus’ phone call GOP source . Trump Donald Trump told CNN he Donald Trump have brought up the issue of immigration himself , mentioning the San Francisco shooting at the hands of an illegal immigrant . The Donald Trump insisted he would " Donald Trump the Hispanic vote " because he will create Donald Trump most jobs of any presidential candidate . Trump calls out Donald Trump for being ’weak’ on immigration , praises Cruz , And Trump gave an Donald Trump " no " when asked if his comments hurt Donald Trump GOP ’s efforts to make inroads with Hispanic voters . Earlier on Thursday , Trump tweeted that Donald Trump media had " totally false reporting " on his call with Donald Trump , suggesting the RNC chief did n’t suggest toning down his immigration remarks Donald Trump " He called me , ten minutes , the RNC chief I hit a " nerve " doing well , end ! " Trump tweeted . Donald Trump a source said on Wednesday night that Priebus was returning a message from Trump Priebus who sits second in the race for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination , according to recent national polling . The source said Priebus did not initiate a source to Priebus the billionaire reality TV star . " They had a respectful discussion across a wide range of issues including illegal immigration , " Sean Spicer , an RNC spokesman , told CNN on Wednesday . During Trump ’s announcement speech he     now infamously     talked about Mexican undocumented immigrants being " rapists " and " criminals . " In the 2012 presidential election , Mitt Romney won only 27 % of the Hispanic vote after using harsh terms during the GOP primary like   . After that stinging loss , Priebus commissioned a    autopsy to analyze how Republicans could    the White House . The subsequent report said Republicans must change their language and approach in the Hispanic community Republicans order to win over voters . Macy ’s dumps Donald Trump , Another top Republican distanced himself from Trump on Thursday : House Speaker Another top Republican Boehner Donald Trump " I disagree the White House Mr. Trump ’s comments , " Boehner said Donald Trump weekly press conference . " John Boehner you Thursday at John Boehner presidential   candidates , they ’ve all pretty well made their position clear ( the presidential  candidates immigration ) . " Boehner the presidential  candidates who has been repeatedly thwarted by his own party on efforts to move immigration reform legislation John Boehner , " This has become the biggest political football I ’ve seen in my Congressional career . This whole issue of illegal immigration and what to do about it . " 
 This 