Los Angeles ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton is picking up cash     and snapping playful photos with former N’Sync members     during a fundraising blitz in California this week . Hillary Clinton headlined an event at Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel ’s Hollywood Hills home on Tuesday afternoon that brought up $ 3 . 36 million , according to ticket prices and attendance figures provided by the campaign . In the process , Hillary Clinton , Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake snapped four photos in a photo booth during the fundraiser , including one where Hillary Clinton is making a kissing face with the actress and Hillary Clinton    husband . Hillary Clinton ’s photo booth fun was posted by Jessica Biel after the event . " Look who came over for lunch , " the actress wrote . the event was a    affair . In addition to the hosts , actress Jennifer Aniston , singer Jamie Foxx and actor Tobey Maguire were all there . Scooter Braun , the talent scout and agent who discovered Justin Bieber ,    the event . Leonardo DiCaprio , the Academy    actor , was supposed to host the fundraiser , but had to ask Timberlake , a friend , to step in for him when work on a movie in New York got in the way of his event with Clinton . him also headlined two other Clinton in Laguna Beach Tuesday afternoon , raising about $ 1 . 8 million and bringing her total California haul so Clinton to $ 11 . 4 million . On Monday , Clinton headlined two more events Clinton California , headlining a    California at Hall of Fame NBA player Magic Johnson ’s home and then a dinner at the home of Haim Saban , the owner of Univision . Actors Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson    the event with Johnson and Bob Iger , Magic Johnson CEO of The Walt Disney Company , and Jeffrey Katzenberg , the CEO of DreamWorks Animation ,    with Saban . Meg Whitman , the former HP CEO and Republican California gubernatorial candidate , attended the event at Saban ’s Actors Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson   the event with Johnson and Bob Iger, the CEO of The Walt Disney Company, and Jeffrey Katzenberg, the CEO of DreamWorks Animation,   with Saban well , Saban who attended the event told CNN . Whitman Actors Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson   the event with Johnson and Bob Iger, the CEO of The Walt Disney Company, and Jeffrey Katzenberg, the CEO of DreamWorks Animation,   with Saban longtime Republican , endorsed Clinton earlier this month , saying in a statement that she would vote for and donate to Clinton Clinton She paid $ 50 , 000 Clinton attend Clinton night ’s event , the source said . Actors Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson   the event with Johnson and Bob Iger, the CEO of The Walt Disney Company, and Jeffrey Katzenberg, the CEO of DreamWorks Animation,   with Saban Monday night fundraisers a source who attended the event told CNN least $ 6 . 3 million , according to ticket prices and attendance figures . Getting celebrities to help with the fundraising process has been an advantage Clinton has had over her Republican rival Donald Trump . Clinton spoke at a Clinton for Clinton over the weekend , and Max Weinberg , of Clinton Springsteen and the E Street Band fame , is performing at a Clinton fundraiser next week in Washington . Clinton is not Clinton to attend the Weinberg event . Clinton 