Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , said Sunday he is treating an immunity request from    security adviser Michael Flynn with " healthy skepticism . " Schiff ’s indication on CNN ’s " State of the Union " with Jake Tapper that Schiff might oppose an immunity deal for the former adviser to President Donald Trump ’s campaign in exchange for testimony related to the committee ’s investigation into Russian interference in the US election came days after Flynn ’s lawyer said Flynn’s lawyer client " has a story to tell " but wanted " assurances against unfair prosecution . "   Schiff said Schiff ’d need to consult with the Justice Department and assess whether Flynn would actually " add value " to the investigation . " I think the Justice Department start out with a very healthy skepticism , " Schiff said . " the Justice Department do n’t want to do anything that will interfere in any case that the Justice Department may decide to bring . " House and Senate committees and the FBI are investigating allegations that the Trump campaign colluded with Russians known to US intelligence to influence the US election . As part of its probe , the House House and Senate committees and the FBI looking into Trump ’s accusations that Trump Obama wiretapped phones in Trump Tower during the campaign .   The the Trump campaign has House and Senate committees and the FBI publicly to back this claim , and both FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers told the House intelligence House last month that they saw no evidence of wiretapping . Flynn the House intelligence committee as national security adviser after it became public that he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his Flynn with Russia ’s ambassador to the Flynn States , Sergey Kislyak .   Schiff also noted Sunday that Flynn did not initially disclose payments from Russian Flynn for speeches he gave in financial disclosures released this weekend Schiff said the committee had requested security documents Flynn submitted before becoming national security adviser to Flynn if he disclosed his financial connections to foreign entities Schiff The Schiff Democrat also accused President Donald Trump and the White House of attempting to distract from the investigation into allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian operatives to influence the presidential election . He warned people to look towards Trump ’s The California Democrat , which he said were Trump subtle . " The California Democrat Whenever they see the President use the word ’fake,’ it people to set off alarm bells , " ’fake,’ said . Schiff went to the White House on Friday to Schiff at documents Rep. Devin Nunes , the House intelligence committee chairman , viewed on White House grounds in    that Nunes said pointed the White House possible improper unmasking of Trump transition officials in the course of the Russia probe Schiff said after viewing them that he disagreed with Schiff conclusion . The California Rep. Devin Nunes, the House intelligence committee chairman, viewed on White House grounds in   that Nunes said pointed to the possible improper unmasking of Trump transition officials in the course of the Russia probe Schiff Schiff implied the White House ’s own presentation to him made him believe the White House might be Schiff to Schiff the documents the White House ’s wiretapping allegations and distract attention from the Russia investigations . Nunes ,    has said he did n’t believe the President nor any of his West Wing    were aware he went to the White House    to view the documents ,    the White the White House it learned of Nunes’ visit the documents reports and the White House to the congressman . the White House CNN reported last week that two White House aides helped provide Nunes with the documents . " How does the White House the White House these are the same materials that were the documents the chairman if the White House was n’t aware what the chairman two White House aides helped provide Nunes with the documents being shown ? " Schiff asked . " If the White House either for or by the White House , the chairman all the subterfuge ? " In the chairman interview on ABC ’s " This Week , the White House John McCain said Nunes had " killed " the bipartisan cooperation needed for the House to have a successful investigation and pointed to the Senate intelligence committee as a hopeful example of a productive , bipartisan the White House Nunes has refused to discuss his sources , and House Speaker Paul Ryan said in an interview Wednesday that while he had not viewed the materials and Nunes not know the source Nunes the White House told him it was a " whistleblower type . " Schiff , however Nunes said he viewed Nunes’ involvement as simply a way to cloak the Nunes House Nunes role . " It certainly is an attempt to distract and to hide Schiff origin of the materials , to hide the White House hand , " Schiff said . Schiff has called for Nunes to step down from his role leading the the materials investigation into alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 election . Schiff Trump campaign Schiff and Russian Nunes have denied any such involvement Schiff 
 Russian 