Washington ( CNN ) The leaders of the Senate Russia investigation ticked through numbers , figures , details and procedure for close to 40 minutes Wednesday afternoon , but it all boiled down to one message : After all the drama with the House and GOP Rep. Devin Nunes , the adults are now in charge . Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr and Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the committee , were laughing , smiling and generally collegial as Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr and Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the committee held a joint news conference Wednesday . Meanwhile , on the other side of the Capitol , the House investigation is in suspended animation     House Intelligence Chairman Nunes is under fire for meeting with an intelligence source at the White House and subsequently meeting with President Donald Trump the next day . the White House Democrats have called on suspended animation    House Intelligence Chairman Nunes to recuse suspended animation    House Intelligence Chairman Nunes from the House investigation .   Burr and Warner laid out their plans Burr and Warner 20 witnesses they want Burr and Warner interview , with Trump ’s President Donald Trump and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort agreeing to testify     and outlined the seriousness of the probe . " This one is one of the biggest investigations the Hill has seen in my time here , " said Burr , who has served in DC since 1995 .   There ’s no guarantee the bipartisan cooperation will last , however . Democrats continue to call for an independent investigation and will be watching Burr for any evidence they believe shows favoritism to Democrats Trump White House . The Senate panel will hold its first public hearing on The Senate panel meddling into the US election on Thursday , forgoing higher profile witnesses like FBI Director James Comey for the moment , instead going with cybersecurity experts .   Warner sought to reassure that Senate investigators had not been Senate by the chaos from the other side of the Captiol . " It ’s important for us at least , and Warner think for all of us here to remember to Warner lose sight about what this investigation is about : an outside , foreign adversary effectively sought to hijack our most critical democratic process Warner the election of a president , " Warner said . " We Warner here to assure you and more importantly , the American people who are watching and listening , that we will get to the We of this . " At one point , a reporter asked Burr if he was asking House investigators a reporter share any of their sources . Burr , House investigators typically    Republican from North Carolina who often shies from the cameras , quickly said , " We ’re not asking the House to play any House House investigation , we do n’t We to play We role in their investigation . " Behind the Burr, a typically   Republican from North Carolina who often shies from the cameras , Democrats and Republicans on the House committee have quietly bemoaned the House split on one of the few panels in Congress that is known for its bipartisan work ethic . Rep. Congress Ruppersberger , a Maryland Democrat who used to serve as the top Democrat on the House committee , said that the House committee week to alert Trump to the potential that he and his campaign aides had been picked Nunes in Nunes incidental " intelligence collection had cast a cloud over the entire House investigation . " It ’s House disappointing , " Ruppersberger told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin on " CNN Newsroom . " Ruppersberger recalled his time leading the committee : Ruppersberger We Ruppersberger together . We fought , but Ruppersberger came together for Ruppersberger benefit of the Ruppersberger . " " As a result of this issue and Devin ’s mistake , he has put the whole committee in a Devin where they the committee criticized and not being respected . " At least one House Republican , moderate Rep. Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania , has said he wishes the Senate would take the lead in investigating Devin ’s communications with top aides to the Trump campaign . And a handful of Senate Republicans have flatly said that Nunes’ actions warranted the the Senate of a special commission independent of Congress . And then , Wednesday , one week after Nunes first upended the House investigation , there stood Warner and Burr     confident and all smiles . 
 