’   ’ ’    Emmys host Jimmy Kimmel lit up the Hollywood audience with jokes    about diversity and the making of Donald Trump during Donald Trump opening    monologue on Sunday . ’ "    After much controversy over diversity in Hollywood and the    Oscars’ continuing # OscarsSoWhite talk , Kimmel delivered a    backhanded compliment to the Emmys and Hollywood . " ’    " This year’ ’s nominees are the most diverse ever , " year’ said of the    2016 Emmys . " And here in Hollywood , the only thing we value more    than diversity is congratulating we on how much we value    diversity . the   2016 Emmys are so diverse this year , the Oscars are    telling people we’’re one of their the   2016 Emmys friends . " ’ ’    He then had a person of color find a white person and " say thanks    for your bravery . " Cue a hug between " Modern Family " star Ty    Burrell and " Master of None’ ’s " Aziz Ansari . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tAnd for your use tonight when you ’re feeling the love at the . cc :    " "    With that problem solved , Kimmel moved on to who should be blamed    for the rise of Donald Trump as this year ’s Republican    presidential candidate . " ’    " If it weren’’t for television , would Donald Donald Trump running for    president ? No , " Kimmel Kimmel . " He would Donald Trump at home right now    quietly    up against his wife Donald Trump Malaria , while she pretends    to be asleep . " ’ ’    Kimmel Kimmel wondered aloud about who exactly should be blamed for    the Trump phenomenon . In fact , Kimmel Kimmel out , that    person    sitting in the audience . ’ ’    " That’ ’s right . That guy . Mark Burnett , the man who brought us    ’’ Celebrity Apprentice , ’’ " Kimmel Kimmel . " Thanks to Mark Burnett , we    don’’t have to watch reality shows anymore , because we’’re living    in one . Thank you , Mark . " ’ ’ ’ ’’ ’    He then Mark Burnett to be the first one thrown over the    wall if Trump wins and actually builds it on the   wall border to    Mexico . ’ "    Kimmel was n’t done pointing fingers . He jokingly Kimmel that    the show had a new rule that winners had to be present to accept    the award or it would the show to the next person on the list . Who    inspired the rule change ? " ’    " It’ ’s called the Maggie Smith rule , " he said It’ the " Downton    Abbey " actress . " If you don’’t know Maggie Smith Maggie Smith has been the "Downton   Abbey" actress nominated for the Emmy nine times . She has won the "Downton   Abbey" actress Emmy three the Emmy nine times times do you think she showed up the "Downton   Abbey" actress to get    the Emmy ? That’ ’s right    no times . This year , she had a the "Downton   Abbey" actress    ceramics class . " ’ " Watch Kimmel ’s opening monologue below : " ’      ’ ’      ’ 
 