’   ’ "    Two polls released on Wednesday showed that Hillary    Clinton ’s lead over Donald Trump in Wisconsin has shrunk    considerably since early August . " ’ found that , in a    presidential race that    includes Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee    Jill Stein , Clinton is ahead of Donald Trump in Wisconsin by 3 points among likely    voters . ’ ’    In early August , Clinton Clinton up 13 points on Donald Trump in Wisconsin in the same      poll . ’ ’    Another poll ,   showed    similar results , with Clinton Clinton 5 points on Donald Trump in Wisconsin in a      race . ’ ’    " After a strong bump in Clinton’ ’s favor following the national    party conventions , the electorate in Wisconsin has returned to       where the vote stood in July , prior to the conventions , "       Charles Franklin , director of the Marquette Law School Poll    and professor of law and public policy . ’ ’’ "    The Marquette poll showed that Clinton ’s favorability has dropped    off considerably while Trump ’s already dismal mark stagnated .    Clinton Clinton viewed favorably by 35 % of respondents , while    63 % viewed her Clinton . In early August , the The Marquette poll that    43    of Wisconsin voters viewed the Democratic nominee favorably ,    while 53 % held unfavorable views of her . Clinton comparison , Trump ’s    favorability improved 1 point from early August early August    from 27 % to 28 % . " ’    In 2012 , President Barack Obama defeated former Massachusetts    Gov. Mitt Romney by 7 points in the Badger State . ’ ’    " The current    race in Wisconsin is looking a    lot like the 2012 contest right now , " said Patrick Murray ,    director of the Monmouth University Polling Institute . ’ ’    The Marquette poll surveyed 803 registered Wisconsin voters by Wisconsin landline and cellphone from August 25 through 28 . The margin    of error is 4 . 5 percentage points . The Monmouth poll was    conducted over    and cellphones from August 27 to 30 ,    using a    of 404 likely Wisconsin voters . The margin of    error for    poll was The Monmouth poll 9 percentage points . ’ 
 