Jerusalem ( CNN ) President Donald Trump met with both Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas during the second leg of President Donald Trump first foreign trip as president , pressing forward with President Donald Trump bid to advance the peace process . President Donald Trump does n’t expect to emerge from President Donald Trump visit to Israel and the West Bank with a deal in hand , but he President Donald Trump the latest president to arrive here with the lofty goal in mind . Trump President Donald Trump Iranian threat as unifying force in quest for Middle East peace , " During my travels I have seen many hopeful signs that lead me to believe that we can truly achieve a more hopeful future for people of this religion and for people of all faiths and all beliefs and frankly all over the world , " Trump said , delivering remarks Monday evening alongside Netanyahu . Standing alongside Abbas on Tuesday in the West Bank , Trump Trump he Trump " truly hopeful " that his Trump could broker a peace agreement and called his Trump with Arab leaders in the region " deeply productive . " But even as Trump Trump to a behind the scenes rapprochement between Israel and Arab countries in the Middle East and with his Trump insisting the new US administration is approaching the conflict differently from those that preceded it the new US administration the political conditions between Israelis and Palestinians appear largely unchanged . The current Israeli government led by Netanyahu is one of the most conservative in the country ’s history , and Abbas’ hold on power is as tenuous as ever     and mistrust reigns between the two . But Trump , on his Trump stop of a    tour highlighting the world ’s three largest monotheistic religions , is continuing to ramp up expectations , expressing optimism that a peace deal can finally be brokered to end the nearly     conflict and even suggesting a resolution may not be so difficult to obtain after all . " It is something that I think is , frankly , maybe , not as difficult as people have thought over the years , " Trump Trump last month during a meeting with Abbas . He Trump even more evidence to back up his Trump on Monday , signaling that his Trump to Saudi Arabia brought him Trump that Arab leaders would begin to throw more weight toward reaching a peace deal to resolve the    conflict , pointing in particular to growing unity in the face of Iranian actions in the region . " There ’s a great feeling for peace throughout the world , " Trump said . " I ’ve seen such a different feeling toward Israel from countries that , as you know , were not feeling so well about Israel Israel " He Trump : " I was deeply encouraged by my conversations with Muslim world leaders in Saudi Arabia , including King Salman , who I spoke to at great length . King Salman feels very strongly , and I can tell you would love to see peace between Israel Israel the Palestinians . " Former Middle East peace envoy George Mitchell said that Gulf countries like Saudi Saudi Arabia have increasingly awakened to the reality that their real Gulf countries like Saudi Arabia comes not from Israel Israel but rather from Iran . . " " The prospects of their uniting Gulf countries like Saudi Arabia do something to try to reduce their differences Gulf countries like Saudi Arabia Israel Israel .. creates an opportunity , " Mitchell said Monday on CNN . Still , Mitchell stressed Mitchell the challenges in Israel Israel the Palestinian territories remain just as stiff as ever as Trump joins the long list of US presidents who have tried to broker Middle East peace . Jumpstart to talks ? That ’s not to say that Netanyahu and Abbas , both wary of being pegged as the unwilling party , are n’t projecting an eagerness to jumpstart peace talks with a new president . " For the first time in my lifetime I see a real hope for change , " Netanyahu said Netanyahu with Trump at his side Netanyahu " The Arab leaders who you met yesterday could help change the atmosphere . .. and could help change the conditions for a realistic peace . " Interactive : The many paths from Trump to Trump , Abbas on Tuesday promised Trump that Trump are committed to peace and said his meetings Abbas Trump have Trump Palestinians and Palestinians countries in the region " so much hope and optimism of the possibility to make true a    dream and ambition , and that is a lasting peace . " Robert Danin , a former US official with decades of experience in    negotiations , said that while both leaders are eager not to get on Trump ’s " bad side , " the dynamics of reaching a deal remain largely unchanged . " Behind the smiles and the warm feelings that will be generated on this visit , there is a lot of apprehension , " said Danin , the Council on Foreign Relations’ senior fellow for Middle East studies . " The reality is that in Israel and in the Palestinian territories and , frankly , here in Washington , very few people see a real change in the dynamics that would lead to a breakthrough towards peace in the fundamentals that impeded the previous presidents . " Anthony Cordesman , a Middle East Middle East the Center for Strategic and International Studies , echoed that assessment . He said the Anthony Cordesman, a Middle East expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies Trump can expect from the visit is for Netanyahu to discuss " preserving at least the shell of an effort to keep the    solution going and limit settlements . " But both Netanyahu and Abbas Netanyahu domestic political challenges . " The fact is , Israeli domestic politics really do n’t lend themselves to reaching Israeli domestic politics particular conclusion , " Cordesman said . " It does n’t seem to be one of the prime minister ’s priorities . You have a divided , weak Palestinian movement , which is not clearly in a position to make concessions that would move this process further any more than Israel is . " Trump administration officials have dismissed experts expressing skepticism at Trump ’s ability to move the peace process this process in the same conventional wisdom that has failed to secure a deal in the past and insist the administration is taking a different approach . Different approach , In some ways , Trump is approaching the issue Trump’s . Unlike past US presidents who have drawn clear lines for both sides to follow in order to achieve a deal , Trump has offered little     Trump’s not inconsistent     public guidance for the Israeli and Palestinian leaders . Instead , Trump has pitched himself as Trump’s " mediator Trump’s an arbitrator or a facilitator " to help both sides to reach a both sides settlement and has resisted stating    aspects of such a deal . Trump shocked longtime observers of Trump’s    peace process earlier this year when he declined to endorse a Trump’s solution to the conflict , breaking with stated US policy under his past two predecessors , Trump’s George W. Bush and Barack Obama . " I ’m looking at    and    and I like the one that both parties like , " Trump said during a joint news conference with Netanyahu at the White House in February . " I ’m very happy with the one ’m both parties like the one that both parties either one both parties Trump did , however , urge Netanyahu during his visit to Trump to " hold back on Netanyahu for Netanyahu little bit , " though he did not offer any more specifics to back up the Netanyahu     including whether it applied to Israeli construction in East Jerusalem . Campaign rhetoric , And while Trump has diverged in some ways from past precedent in his Trump to the conflict , he is also shirking some Netanyahu his hardline    rhetoric from Netanyahu campaign trail in favor of Netanyahu traditional US policy . Despite pledging during the campaign to recognize Jerusalem as Israel ’s capital and move the US embassy to the city , which both Israelis and Palestinians claim as their own , Trump last week backed off tentative plans to both Israelis and Palestinians the bold move during Trump ’s visit to the city amid a wave of warnings Trump foreign policy Israel Arab diplomats . Administration officials told CNN last week that Trump would not announce the embassy move during the trip last week did Trump rule out a future decision on the topic . Where Trump ’s approach to the conflict has markedly differed from that of past Trump is in how he has staffed the team of top officials leading the peace effort , picking Trump’s a crop of individuals from the private sector with no prior government experience     just like himself . Overseeing the push is Trump ’s     Jared Kushner Trump’s fellow real Trump’s mogul who now serves Trump ’s senior adviser . Trump ’s Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is the former CEO of Trump and the President ’s top envoy for the peace negotiations . Jason Greenblatt was until last year the chief legal officer at the Trump Organization . Trump ’s ambassador to Israel David Friedman Israel a    bankruptcy lawyer who worked with Trump . Trump has sought input from a range of experts and former US officials involved in Trump peace process Jason Greenblatt but this process the officials leading the peace process will bring fresh thinking this process the President of America , he feels like it ’s one of the things that he has to try to do , " a senior White House Jason Greenblatt said . We ’ll approach it , I think Jason Greenblatt with a lot of humility . We ’ve looked at what other people have done . But I think that our process     right now , we have We very good idea what that will be . We ’ve worked with Secretary We , and Jason Greenblatt ’s We working with us on this     we ’re working very We and quietly and Trump’s Secretary of State Rex Tillerson we ’ll see Jason Greenblatt We We We 