  ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey said for the first time Monday that the bureau is investigating whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and Moscow while Russia was interfering in the presidential election . FBI Director James Comey also delivered an implicit rebuke to President Donald Trump , saying that FBI Director James Comey had " no information " to support claims by the President that FBI Director James Comey was wiretapped on the orders of predecessor Barack Obama . In a dramatic hearing before the House Intelligence Committee , Comey , once again finding FBI Director James Comey at the epicenter of a political storm , also said that Russian President Vladimir Putin had a clear preference for whom Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted to see as the next president     and it was not Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . Comey ’s comments represented Comey most explicit intervention yet in the controversy over what US intelligence agencies have assessed was a Russian attempt to disrupt the election     and a string of    against the previous administration leveled by Trump himself . Comey on Monday publicly confirmed for the first time that Comey agency is investigating possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign and whether any crimes may have been committed during last year ’s election campaign as part of a wider probe into the hacking of Democratic servers and the Clinton campaign . " That includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia ’s efforts , " Comey said in Comey opening statement to the committee . The hearing , which also featured testimony from National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers saw Democrats highlight publicly available information about links between Trump associates and Russia . Republicans tried to turn The hearing, which also featured testimony from National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers into leaks that led to the resignation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn . Comey testified that US intelligence agencies were agreed that Russia ’s aim evolved into an effort during the election to aid Trump over Clinton . " They US intelligence agencies to hurt our democracy , hurt her Clinton help Comey . I think all three we our confident in at least as early as December , " Comey said . Comey also said Comey had no information to support claims by Trump Trump Comey was wiretapped by Obama     made in a series of explosive tweets two weeks ago . " I have no information that supports those tweets , " Comey told the committee , adding that the Justice Department , along with the FBI , had no information to support the allegations . Comey said that no president could order a wiretapping operation against a specific American citizen . RELATED : Trump ’s wiretapping accusation comes to a head at Comey hearing , Republican Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes had said the hearing would have several areas of focus     the extent to which Russian intervened in the US election and whether any campaign officials conspired in those efforts . He Republican Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes that there was not a wiretap on Trump Tower , but did not rule out other kinds of surveillance against the Trump campaign . Nunes Republican Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes also said the the hearing seek information about who leaked classified information linked to the issue or Russian election Russian . The White House launched a political offensive even as the hearing the hearing . Trump ’s spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump would not Trump to Obama for the accusations against him , adding Trump there were questions still remaining about surveillance that may or may not have taken place during the campaign . He also raised Trump’s spokesman Sean Spicer question of the leaking of information about Flynn ’s conversations . " There was some new information that come from the hearing that we believe is newsworthy about the intelligence gathering process and the unmasking of Americans identified in intelligence reports . " Asked whether the President retained confidence in Comey , Spicer replied there ’s " no reason to believe he does n’t the President this time . " Comey was also Comey to explain the conclusions of the unclassified report released by the US intelligence community in January that found that Russia had attempted to stir mistrust in US democracy , and had developed a preference for Trump over Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton owing to her stance on Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton while secretary of state . " I do n’t know for sure , but I think that was a fairly easy judgment for the community , the US intelligence community said . " He     Putin     hated Secretary Clinton so much Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton flip side of that coin was he had a clear preference He    Putin     the person running against the person he hated so much . He    Putin     Republicans on the committee pressed Comey on how Flynn ’s Comey became public , or was unmasked , in news reports about his conversations with Russian ambassador Comey Washington Sergey Kislyak     apparently in telephone calls picked up by intelligence sweeps targeting Moscow ’s embassy . Flynn ’s failure to tell Flynn’s about those calls led to the request for his resignation . But Republicans Comey that the leaking of his name was a criminal Comey in contravention of laws that mask the identify of US citizens caught up in surveillance operations targeting foreign nationals . Comey would not talk Monday Comey specific cases or confirm newspaper reports , but said that leaks about classified activity were " terrible . " South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy read out the names of Obama administration officials , including former national security adviser Susan Rice and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , asking whether they would have had access to the names of Obama administration officials, including former national security adviser Susan Rice and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper name of a unmasked person . Comey said that their positions would likely allow them the names of Obama administration officials, including former national security adviser Susan Rice and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper information but did not their positions on the individual cases . " The felonious dissemination of classified material most definitely is a crime , " Gowdy warned . The top Democrat on the committee , Rep. Adam Schiff , said it was not yet known whether the Russian operation was aided by US citizens , " including people associated with the Trump campaign . " " Many of Trump ’s campaign personnel , including the President himself , have ties to Russia and Russian interests . This is , Russian course , no crime , " Schiff said . RELATED : Lawmakers offer clashing opinions on Russia question , " On the Russia hand , if the Trump campaign , or anybody associated with it , aided or abetted the Russia , it would not only be a Russia crime , it would also represent one of Russia most shocking betrayals of our democracy in history . " Schiff related alleged links between people Schiff to Trump and Russia , including his former campaign aide Paul Manafort Schiff using the President ’s words during the campaign and publicly available information contained in a dossier drawn up by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele , large portions of which have yet to be corroborated by CNN . " Is it possible that all of these events and reports are completely unrelated . . .. Yes , it is possible , " Schiff said . " It is also possible , maybe more than possible , that they are not coincidental , not disconnected and not unrelated and that the Russians used the same techniques to corrupt US persons that they employed in Europe and elsewhere they We simply do n’t know , not yet , and we owe it to the country We find out . " Rogers said under questioning from the top Democrat on the committee that there was no information that the Obama administration requested the British surveillance agency GCHQ to conduct eavesdropping on Trump , as stated in a Fox News report that has been cited by the White House . He also said that he had Rogers personally done so Rogers " No , sir , and nor would I , that would be expressly against the construct of the Five Eyes agreement that has been in place for decades . " Trump tried to shift attention away Trump the wiretapping claims in a series of Monday morning tweets . " James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia . This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it ! " Trump wrote shortly This story 6:30 a. Trump ET , followed by : " The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse This story terrible campaign . Big advantage in Electoral College   lost ! " The controversy over the wiretapping claims was unleashed by the wiretapping claims in a series of Monday morning tweets tweets from the President at his the President resort in Florida two weeks ago . He the President parallels to Watergate and McCarthyism and said Obama was a " Obama ( or sick ) guy ! " for ordering surveillance of his the President York residence     allegations the the President denied through a spokesman . RELATED : Trump stands by wiretapping claim during Merkel visit , Trump were quick to jump on Comey ’s remarks Comey pressure on Trump over his allegations , arguing Comey the President ’s Trump severely damaged " his credibility .   " the President Trump owes the American people and President Obama more than just Trump , but Obama , " said Democratic Senate Minority leader Chuck Schumer . " He should admit he was the President , stop the President outlandish tweets , and get to work on behalf of this country . " This story is being updated to include breaking news the country This story 