CLEVELAND —   The Republican Party Platform approved by the Platform Committee this week in CLEVELAND adopted Donald Trump ’s call for a security wall on America ’s southern border as part of the solution to the nation ’s broken immigration system , as well as safeguarding national security . [ Republican Party staffers prepare a first draft of The Republican Party Platform for delegates to use as a starting point for debate , a draft based on the previous convention ’s platform ( in this case , the 2012 platform ) updated to account for current issues . These Republican Party staffers already included language in the first draft calling for " construction of a physical barrier " on what it called " our vulnerable borders . "    But some delegates noted that a " physical barrier " could mean all manner of things , from a    fence , to a series    high concrete blocks like Americans typically see on construction sites or around sensitive government buildings . The delegates some delegates remove all ambiguity , replacing it with Donald all ambiguity ’s words , calling for the construction of a " wall . " The platform specifies that the security wall should secure " the entirety of the Southern Border and must be sufficient to stop both vehicular and pedestrian traffic . " Kansas Secretary of Kobach to explicitly call for an actual wall . Kobach was one of the elected officials who endorsed Trump early in the primary process , in large part due to Trump ’s strong stand on securing the border . " For me , the most important issue in the Republican presidential contest is immigration and its effect on Trump national security , " Kobach said on February 29 , when Trump his endorsement . " On that issue Mr. Trump stands head and shoulders above the other candidates . " " Our porous borders constitute the Republican presidential contest huge national security threat , " Kobach ’s statement continued , " and our Kobach system Kobach been abused by terrorists the most important issue in the Republican presidential contest Trump is likely to be abused by ISIS terrorists today . " America ’s immigration crisis is also an economic issue , Kobach noted , Kobach " too many Americans are out of work because of illegal immigration . " This border wall amendment was one of many that Kobach successfully added to the draft platform this week , working with other conservative leaders among Kobach delegates . Speaking exclusively to Breitbart News today , Kobach explained , " The border wall needs to be a real wall , not a fake Kobach wall’ consisting of sensors in the ground . " The time for action has come , he added , because , " The American people Kobach been wanting this for years . If Mr. Trump is elected , it will finally happen . " The platform will be formally adopted in its final form by the Platform Committee on Kobach , and then presented to the full Republican National Convention and the GOP ’s presidential nominee . Ken Klukowski is senior Mr. Trump is elected editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 The platform Ken Klukowski 