HICKORY , North Carolina   —    Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence tells New Hampshire residents that " mishandling classified information is a crime " and is discussing Hillary Clinton ’s ethical lapses . [ During a rally in North Carolina on Sunday , Pence taled about FBI Director James Comey , shortly after news broke that Comey FBI Director James Comey a written that the bureau had " not changed " its the bureau that Clinton Hillary Clinton’s not face indictment over her Hillary Clinton’s email scandal .   Speaking at the Hickory Regional Airport , Pence Pence , " You have a    general that might get five years in prison , before the end of this year , for mishandling classified information , " of retired Gen. James Cartwright who was charged with lying to the FBI about discussing classified information with reporters about Iran ’s nuclear program , during a probe . Pence continued , " you have a sailor that just went to jail for taking a     photographs in a classified area of a nuclear submarine . So let me say this , if only for their decades of    with the politics of personal enrichment , mishandling classified information and compromising our national security , we our ensure that Hillary Clinton is never elected president of the United States of America . " Pence declared , " the American people have had enough , " " and they the American people especially had enough of the fast and loose ethics of Bill and Hillary Hillary Clinton " The crowd enthusiastically chanted , " Lock her up Hillary Clinton " FBI Director James Comey issued the bureau ’s conclusion through a written statement on Sunday . This second probe into Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton was conducted using classified materials that were unearthed in emails found in the Anthony Weiner underage sexting investigation . Comey wrote FBI Director James Comey " Based on our review , we have our changed our conclusions our we expressed our July with respect to Secretary Clinton Hillary Clinton Pence was not having it . " Pence and gentlemen , mishandling classified information is a crime . " He reminded the FBI Director James Comey that " Hillary Clinton said Hillary Clinton nothing marked classified on her emails , sent Hillary Clinton received , and the FBI director told to Congress , that ’s not true . " He also pointed out FBI Director James Comey Clinton said she did Hillary Clinton email Hillary Clinton classified information to anyone . " And the head of the FBI told to FBI there was classified Congress that was emailed . " Separate emails also indicated that a top State Department official had attempted to offer the FBI quid pro quo if FBI bureau agreed to let Clinton alter the classified Hillary Clinton of the documents found on her private server . Hillary Clinton chairman Reince Priebus issued a statement to Breitbart News , following Comey ’s announcement , making it clear that the FBI ’s public corruption investigation of the Clinton Foundation   —    which has raised billions of dollars   —    is ongoing : The FBI ’s findings from the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton the FBI secret email server were a damning and unprecedented indictment of her judgment . The FBI found Hillary Clinton Clinton broke the FBI the FBI that she Hillary Clinton highly classified national security information Hillary Clinton risk and repeatedly lied to the American people about her reckless conduct . None of this Hillary Clinton the fact that the FBI continues to investigate the Clinton the FBI the FBI involving her tenure as secretary of state . Hillary Hillary Clinton should never be president . Pence Hillary Clinton sizable crowd that had gathered at the airport hanger to see him , and payed a special thanks to those Hillary Clinton trekked from the Appalachian Mountains , which are at least an hour drive away from the location of Sunday evening ’s event . A panorama captures a glimpse at this sizable crowd in # NorthCarolina pic . twitter .    —    Adelle Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) November 6 , 2016 ,   Donald Trump ’s     Lara Lea Trump , was also present during Sunday Donald Trump Pence invited her on stage after he spoke , to stand with him Donald Trump his wife , Karen . Lara is originally from he Carolina he She is married to Donald Trump ’s    Eric Trump . Both Donald Trump Pence and Trump Donald Trump of their Donald Trump the importance of building a foundation Donald Trump strong family values . the Pence and Trump families Hickory , N. Carolina , Lara Trump makes an appearance in her home state to show support for her Donald Trump running mate , Mike Pence Donald Trump . twitter .    —    Donald Trump Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) November 6 , 2016 ,   " In two days , the American people can put an end to decades of political corruption , " Pence said . " We can close the history books on the Clintons once and Mike Pence all by electing Donald Trump as President of the United States of America . The American people are sick and tired of     politics . And that ’s exactly the American people politics that ’s going to come to a crashing halt the day that Donald Trump walks into the Oval Office . " He reminded those gathered that " his only special interest will be you : the American people Donald Trump " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Donald Trump and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 the American people 