’   ’ ’    Hillary Clinton implored the FBI on Friday evening to release    information on the FBI     " pertinent " to the probe into Hillary Clinton use of a private email server . ’ ’    " The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts    immediately , " Hillary Clinton told reporters before taking questions . ’ ’    Earlier in the day , FBI Director James Comey sent a vague letter    to congressional leaders notifying ’ ’   Earlier in the day that the bureau was again    actively investigating Hillary Clinton use of a private server after       new documents " pertinent to the investigation . " ’ ’ ’ ’Hillary Clinton : " The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately " ’ ’    Clinton Hillary Clinton she Hillary Clinton of the news from media reports and had       " been contacted by anyone " from the FBI .   ’ ’    The Democratic nominee added that she Hillary Clinton " confident " the    new emails would not change the results of the FBI’ ’s initial    conclusion . The bureau declined to recommend charges against    her Hillary Clinton July , and Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the case was       . ’ ’    The the   new emails said to have surfaced during a federal    investigation into    New York Rep. Anthony Weiner , the    estranged husband of top aide Huma Abedin . ’ ’    Clinton said she was not Clinton whether such reports were true . ’ ’    " We ’ve heard these rumors , " she said . Clinton We do n’t We what to    believe . " ’ ’    After the conclusion of the news conference , a reporter asked    Clinton if Clinton Clinton worried Clinton the news could " sink " her campaign . ’ Clinton    The former secretary of state responded with laughter ,   at the scene . ’ "    The FBI ’s announcement on Friday threw a wrench into an    already turbulent presidential campaign with just 11 days before    Election Day , coming as Clinton held leads over her Republican    opponent Clinton Donald Trump , in national polls and surveys in key    battleground states . " ’ Natasha Bertrand contributed to this report .   ’ 
 