’   ’ "    After the unraveling of the GOP ’s plan to revamp the American    healthcare system , Republican leaders have turned Republican leaders attention    to other legislative matters . " ’    But the failure has laid bare the warring factions within the    Republican Party and signaled that fights to come may turn out    similar to the one over the American Health Care Act . ’ ’    During the debate on the AHCA , conservative Republican members of    the House Freedom Caucus were able to hold out and block the bill    because the bill    did not meet the House Freedom Caucus ideological muster in repealing    Obamacare , the healthcare law known formally as the Affordable    Care Act . At the same time , attempts by the Trump administration    to appease these conservatives caused more moderate Republicans ,    such as the Tuesday Group caucus , to withdraw these conservatives support of    the bill . ’ "    President Donald Trump has selected tax reform as President Donald Trump next target    after the bill ’s defeat , and battles over government    funding and raising the nation ’s debt ceiling loom . These issues    will reveal the extent of the divide in the GOP   —    and how well    Trump can President Donald Trump a political party . " ’    Trump and his top President Donald Trump have hinted that his next President Donald Trump item    will be tax reform . But another fight on the horizon would have    immediate and deeper implications . ’ ’’ "    Government funding is set to run out late next month , setting up    a    government shutdown on April 29 , the 100th day of    Trump    presidency . Then , sometime over the summer   —    most likely    in July , according to estimates   —    Congress will have to raise the    nation ’s borrowing limit or face defaulting on some of the    federal debt . " ’    A default would be disastrous for the US and the global economy .    But    members    the GOP pushed the country to that brink    in 2011 and 2013 , when the federal government shut down for more    than    weeks and Congress hurled toward the edge of the debt    ceiling . ’ ’    Greg Valliere , a political analyst at Horizon Investments , said    the    of another shutdown and a default would mirror    the fight over healthcare . ’ ’    " Despite all the glib predictions that tax reform can now move    quickly , that overlooks the    of an epic spring    battle over spending , " Valliere wrote in a note to clients on    Monday    " Talk about   : Once again the fight will be among    Republicans , with the Freedom Caucus seeking deep    spending cuts while moderate Republicans fight to soften Trump’ ’s    spending reductions . " ’ ’    Moderate Republicans would want to avoid a shutdown , while    conservatives , including the Freedom the Freedom Caucus not want to    raise the ceiling    pass a spending deadline without cuts . This    could leave Trump    no real option but to get Democrats on    board , meaning    could push for Democrats for legislation    that would keep the government funded or raise the debt ceiling . the ceiling Of course , there is always the     option to   to pay down some of the debt , which    evidently was   during    previous    fights . ’ ’    Tax reform in the vein of what Trump and Republican leaders have    suggested would also be difficult to achieve . ’ ’    Trump has said he wants to Trump from    Trump current 35 % as well Trump lower personal taxes . On February 9 ,    Trump said he would unveil Trump Trump in Trump of tax "    over the next two or three weeks . ’ ’    But Valliere said neither congressional GOP leaders nor the Trump    team had a full plan Trump go . ’ ’    " By summer , tax reform finally may be moving with a bill making    it to the House floor , but don’’t tax reform much action anytime soon    ( the Ways and Means Committee will    a meeting tomorrow but    the panel’ ’s bill isn’’t ready )    " Valliere said . " The Trump    Administration doesn’’t have its tax plan finished , either ;    The Trump   Administration doesn’’t Secretary Steven Mnuchin and most congressional    Republicans are not fully up to speed on the enormously    complicated tax issues that have to be resolved . " ’ " Trump and his    team like to talk about the fact that the tax system has n’t been    reformed since President Ronald Reagan did so in 1986 . There are    reasons for this : Taxes are complicated , congressional    Republicans have to serve a variety of interests and businesses    in their home districts , and there will be congressional   Republicans rebukes from    Democrats . " ’    Gluskin Sheff’    David Rosenberg touched on a similar theme in a    note to clients on Monday . He noted that it took Reagan five    Gluskin Sheff’’s David Rosenberg to craft his tax reform and get it through Congress Gluskin Sheff’’s David Rosenberg —    and    his tax reform now , there is " no one firm GOP plan for the initiative , "    Rosenberg said . This is compounded by the fallout from the fight    over healthcare . ’ ’    " In any event , a leader with a   % approval rating and who    spent political capital on his failed ’’ repeal and replace ’’    Obamacare bill is not likely to have an easy time getting a tax    bill through the Republican Party , where the schisms are wide as    ever , " Rosenberg said . ’ " After the unraveling of the GOP ’s plan to . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 