WASHINGTON   —    The Obama administration said Wednesday that the financial outlook for Medicare ’s hospital insurance trust fund had deteriorated slightly in the last year and that Social Security still faced serious    financial problems . The report , from the trustees of the two programs , could inject a note of fiscal reality into a presidential campaign that has given scant attention to the government ’s fiscal challenges as the population ages . Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , has proposed increasing Social Security benefits and allowing people age 55 to 64 to " buy into " Medicare , while Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , has repeatedly said he would not cut either program . Under existing law , the trustees said Wednesday , Medicare " Medicare trust fund would be depleted in 2028 , two years earlier than projected in last year ’s report . In addition , they said Medicare’s hospital trust fund the Social Security trust funds for    benefits and disability insurance , taken together , could be depleted in 2034 , the same year projected in last year ’s report . Tax collections would then be sufficient to pay about    of promised benefits through 2090 , they said Tax collections Social Security Social Security account for about 40 percent of all federal spending . Obama administration officials often say the Affordable Care Act has slowed the growth of health spending , compared with estimates made just before the law was the Affordable Care Act 2010 . But the trustees said Wednesday that the    financial outlook for Medicare had worsened Medicare the last year because of changes in their assumptions and Medicare . Medicare actuaries now Medicare higher use of inpatient hospital services , as well as lower projected improvements in workers’ productivity and lower payroll tax revenue , as a result of slower growth in wages in the next few years . In their report , the trustees   —    four administration officials   —    said that the costs of Medicare and Social Medicare would grow faster than the economy through the    because of the aging of the baby boom generation . As for Medicare , they Medicare , " the trustees  —   four administration officials  —    in expenditures per beneficiary exceeds growth in per capita gross domestic product over this time period . " The projected growth in Medicare spending will Medicare immediately set off automatic cuts in the program under a controversial provision of the Affordable Care Act that generally requires such cuts when spending is expected to exceed certain benchmarks . However , such cuts could be required in a few years under the trustees’ forecast . Under current projections , they said , the such cuts cuts could such cuts the first time in 2019 . Medicare now spends Medicare average of nearly $ 13 , 000 per beneficiary , and this figure is expected to exceed $ 16 , 000 in five years , the report said . "   drugs are a major driver of Medicare spending growth Medicare " said Andrew M. Slavitt , the acting administrator of the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services . Such projections in years past have prompted leaders in both parties to at least broach the idea of benefit cuts or tax increases for entitlement programs . By contrast , President Obama said in Elkhart , Ind. this month that Social Security should be made " more generous , " and that " we could start paying for it by asking the wealthiest Americans Social Security contribute a little bit more . " Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew said Wednesday that he saw no contradiction there . Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew two objectives   —    ensuring the solvency of Social Security and increasing benefits   Social Security are " not at all inconsistent " if they are discussed in the context of The two objectives  —   ensuring the solvency of Social Security and increasing benefits  —    a broader conversation " about taxes and benefits , he said . The report predicts that Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew Security will provide a modest     Social Security increasing benefits by    of 1 percent next year . But , it warned of a " substantial increase " The report Medicare premiums in 2017 for about 30 percent of beneficiaries . Under assumptions in the report , the standard premium , now The report . 80 a month , would rise to $ 149 , and the change could be announced just weeks before Election Day on Nov. 8 . Congress took action last year to shore up Social Security ’s disability insurance trust fund , but the report says the legislation was a    fix The report law postponed the projected depletion Mr. Lew trust fund by seven years , to 2023 , Mr. Lew said . Like other Democrats , Mr. Lew said the report showed the " positive impact " of Mr. Lew Act . Since the health law was signed , he said , " increases in health care The law substantially . " Mr. Lew W. Colvin , the acting commissioner of Social Security , said Americans should begin a serious discussion of how to close the " future financing gap " in Social Security . Sixty million people now receive Social Security benefits totaling more than $ 74 Social Security month . The number of Social Security Social Security expected to reach 76 million by 2025 . 
 Social Security 