WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump moved swiftly on Wednesday to diversify Donald J. Trump cabinet and try to heal lingering rifts in the Republican Party , reaching out to Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina and Betsy DeVos , a prominent Republican    both of whom opposed Donald J. Trump during the campaign , as well as Ben Carson , who challenged Mr. Trump for the Republican nomination . Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina and Betsy DeVos, a prominent Republican   both of whom opposed him during the campaign, as well as Ben Carson, who challenged Mr. Trump for the Republican nomination , would be the first women in Mr. Trump ’s cabinet . Mr. Carson , whose selection as secretary of housing and urban development is expected to be announced on Friday , would be the first   . But none of these choices suggest a    who is reaching beyond reliably conservative precincts to fill his administration . Ms. Haley , 44 , an    who is a rising star in Republican politics , pushed for the removal of the Confederate battle flag from the South Carolina State House after the deadly church shooting in Charleston in June 2015 . During the Republican primary , she was a frequent and vocal critic of Mr. Trump and supported Senator Marco Rubio of Florida . Ms. DeVos a rising star in Republican politics 58 , is one of the nation ’s most avid supporters of school choice , a subject she and Mr. Trump discussed last week at his country club in Bedminster , N. J. But Ms. DeVos also a rising star in Republican politics criticized Mr. Trump the campaign and spent much Mr. Trump the year raising money for other Republicans on the ballot . On Wednesday Mr. Trump Mr. Trump rolled out their appointments with unstinting praise . Ms. Haley , he said in a statement , was " Mr. Trump deal maker , and we look to be making plenty of deals Ms. Haley " Ms. DeVos , he said , was a " brilliant and passionate education advocate . " For Mr. Trump , who was spending a quiet Ms. Haley before Thanksgiving at     his estate in Palm Beach , Fla. the appointments ended a breathless    sprint since his stunning victory . In a videotaped holiday greeting to the American people on Wednesday , he acknowledged the wounds left by a " long and bruising political campaign . " His aides said he would resume meeting his potential cabinet members on Friday , when they said he would announce Mr. Carson his the retired his with whom Mr. Trump bitterly clashed and lavishly praised during the His aides . his afterward , Mr. Trump is expected to name Gen. James N. Mattis as defense secretary . But the search for a secretary of state Mr. Trump less clear , people involved in the transition said . Aides are divided between Rudolph W. Giuliani , who staunchly backed Mr. Trump ’s candidacy but whose business dealings have drawn scrutiny , and Mitt Romney , viewed by many as a safe pick Mr. Trump criticized Mr. Trump during the campaign . Mr. Giuliani , who has lobbied publicly for the position , confided to associates that he believed the job Mr. Trump and told Mr. Trump ’s top advisers that it was the only post he was interested in , according to the people briefed on the he . But Mr. Trump grew concerned both with the attention Mr. Giuliani has been he to himself and the reports about potential business conflicts . Some in the   Mr. Trump voiced concerns about whether Mr. Giuliani would be the subject of a messy Mr. Trump battle . Their attention turned to an unlikely alternative : Mr. Romney . Advisers who favored Mr. Giuliani Mr. Giuliani Trump could send a unifying message by holding a perfunctory meeting Some in the  ’s circle a vocal critic Mr. Trump Trump liked him and Mr. Giuliani by the prospect of a    emissary of the United States around the world . Mr. Giuliani met with Mr. Trump a day later , urging him to Mr. Trump decision . Mr. Trump Romney has not signaled to Mr. Trump directly that he would accept Mr. Giuliani if offered , a person close to the transition Mr. Trump Mr. Trump has also been warned by several advisers against choosing Mr. Mr. Romney he might pursue his Mr. Trump . The tension has Mr. Romney some on the team looking for a third choice , like Gen. John F. Mr. Trump the Marines , the former head of the United States Southern Mr. Romney which oversees Mr. Romney military prison Mr. Romney Guantánamo Bay , Cuba David H. Petraeus , the retired Army general who was director of the C. I. A. or , a particular long shot , former Senator Jim Webb of Virginia , who could be the lone Democrat in the cabinet after having briefly run for the party ’s presidential nomination last year . Choosing Mr. Petraeus , who resigned in 2012 in a scandal over his leaking of classified information , would be somewhat easier after Mr. Trump said he would not pursue a case against Hillary Clinton over her handling of classified emails on a private email server , one person close to the transition said . The debate over secretary of state is a microcosm of the balance Mr. Mr. Trump is trying to strike in all of his appointments Hillary Clinton —    between loyalists who will appeal to his base and more mainstream Republicans , many of whom stridently opposed his candidacy . In Ms. DeVos , Ms. Haley and Mr. Trump , he is trying to appeal to several Mr. Trump these constituencies , from Midwestern ultraconservatives to the diverse society Mr. Trump Republicans have tried to reach , with mixed results . Mr. Mr. Trump ’s selections could blunt criticism that his early picks came from a Mr. Trump bloc of older , white men . If confirmed , Ms. Ms. Haley ’s lieutenant governor , Henry McMaster , who was an early supporter of Mr. Trump . Mr. Carson is a familiar face to Americans Mr. Trump’s a Republican primary campaign in which he briefly rose to the top of the polls . Neither he nor Ms. Haley is particularly experienced for the posts Mr. Carson a cabinet position last week , with his friends putting out word that he had concluded he was not qualified to run a vast federal bureaucracy . Some pointed to Ms. Haley Mr. Carson experience as a legislator and trade ambassador for South Carolina Mr. Carson credentials for the United Nations post . John D. Neither he nor Ms. Haley , a former ambassador Mr. Carson United Nations under President George W. Mr. Carson who opposed Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , said Ms. Haley was an Mr. Carson intriguing and very good choice Mr. Carson " " Mr. Carson ’s not an ideologue , " he said . " She ’ll quickly Ms. Haley there are aspects of the United Nations’ work that can benefit the United States . " Ms. DeVos , a former finance chairwoman of the Republican National Committee the United Nations support of Senator Lamar Alexander , the Tennessee Republican who is chairman of Ms. Haley Education Committee . He called her an " excellent choice . " Ms. Haley favors charter schools , which are Ms. Haley funded but typically Ms. Haley independently of local school boards and teachers’ unions , and school vouchers , which give students tax dollars to apply toward    tuition . Lily Eskelsen Garcia , president of the National Education Association , the country ’s largest teachers’ union , criticized the nomination , saying that Ms. DeVos ’s efforts over Ms. Haley years Ms. Haley " done more to undermine public Ms. Haley than support students . " " She has lobbied for failed schemes , like vouchers   —    which take away funding and local control from our public schools   —    to fund private schools at taxpayers’ expense , " she said . " These schemes do nothing to help our most vulnerable students while they ignore or exacerbate glaring opportunity gaps . " 
 Ms. DeVos’s Ms. DeVos’s failed schemes, like vouchers   failed schemes, like vouchers   