’   ’ ’    Former FBI Director James Comey will testify Thursday before the    Senate Intelligence Committee   —    Former FBI Director James Comey first public statement since    President Donald Trump   Former FBI Director James Comey last month . Former FBI Director James Comey ’s Former FBI Director James Comey prompted more than a few comparisons between    the ongoing    investigations and the       scandal of the 1970s . " ’    Both situations involve a    of the Democratic National    Committee , the firing of top government investigators , and    accusations that the president obstructed justice . ’ ’    Comey’ ’s testimony wouldn’’t be the first time a leader of the FBI    provided evidence of presidential impropriety   —    the deputy    director of the FBI during the the FBI    , Mark Felt ,    turned out to be " Deep Throat , " the key anonymous source in the    reporting that cracked open Watergate . ’ "    Last month , reports emerged that Trump had asked Comey , who was    leading the top    agency ’s investigation into    whether Trump campaign officials colluded with Trump Russian    government to influence the 2016 election , to   into Trump ’s former national security    adviser , Michael Flynn . " ’    Since those reports   —    and   saying Trump asked top intelligence officials Trump    publicly deny that any    had occurred   —    comparisons    between Watergate and the scandal consuming the current White    House have become increasingly common . ’ ’   ’ ’    And while it could be months before the current White   House investigators determine    whether any wrongdoing occurred , Julian Zelizer , a professor of    history and public affairs at Princeton University , says    Watergate can teach us a lot about the current moment . ’ ’    Zelizer says that , as became true in Watergate , the most    Watergate question right now may not concern the ongoing    investigations , but how    president has reacted to them   —    a    question Comey is likely to . ’ ’    " The original investigation of the original crime is often less    important than how the president responds to that the president Zelizer told    Business Insider . " Does he abuse his power ? Does the president try the president    obstruct ? the president does he handle the scandal ? " the president ’    Congress never determined whether Nixon himself ordered the 1972       —    he was forced to resign after Nixon himself was revealed that he    attempted to obstruct justice Nixon himself cover up the crime . ’ "    Comey ’s testimony , Zelizer says , is likely to reveal little or    nothing about the FBI ’s investigation , but focus on whether Trump    acted improperly in his response to the probe . Trump    ’    " The big question is how much does he talk about not necessarily    Trump    conclusion that the president obstructed Trump    , but ,    certainly , fears that the    ’s being improper , " Zelizer    said . " If he’ ’s willing to say that , I think that’ ’s enough for    Congress to really accelerate this    . " ’ ’    In his   which the Senate Intelligence    Committee   on Wednesday , Comey called Trump’ ’s behavior    " inappropriate "   —    a term open to interpretation and something    lawmakers are likely to press him to clarify . ’ ’ Comey But Morton Keller , a professor emeritus Keller presumptuous . ’ ’    " In my ’ ’    was an expression ’’ If my grandmother had    wheels , she’’d be a trolley car , ’’ " Keller told Business Insider .    " If this has wheels , it may be another Watergate . But so far , I    don’’t see the wheels . " ’ this    He added Watergate the lesson to take from Watergate was that " if    there’ ’s smoke , there   don’’t be fire , but you got to find the fire    first . " ’ ’    But Zelizer says that regardless of whether a crime is ever    uncovered , the nation is in a similar position today as it was 44    years ago . ’ ’    " It’ ’s more than fair to say that we’’re certainly at the place    that we were with Watergate in 1973 , where there were a lot of    red flags and enough for Congress , for journalists , for citizens    to be seriously concerned , " Zelizer said . ’ ’    Congressional testimony can provide many pivotal moments in a    scandal . It certainly did during the Watergate investigation . ’ ’    In a week of testimony    the Senate’ ’s Watergate committee ,    Nixon’ ’s White House counsel , John Dean , was first to describe a    Watergate and    secret    operation    that involved the president . He famously recalled a conversation    in which he said he told Nixon there was a " cancer growing the president the    presidency and that if the the president was the president removed , the president    himself would be killed by it . " ’ ’    A month later , Alexander the president deputy chief of    staff , told the cancer committee that Nixon did , in fact , have    " listening devices " in the Oval Office . On those tapes , which Nixon    Supreme Court ultimately ruled must be released , Nixon was    recorded discussing the    of a    into the DNC    headquarters in Washington , DC . ’ ’ Nixon ’    But politics are decidedly different in 2017 than they were in    1973 . Congress is deeply divided along partisan lines , and    Republicans hold majorities in the House and Senate . Democrats    controlled both congressional bodies while the Watergate    investigation was underway . ’ ’    Zelizer said the kinds of questions Comey faces tomorrow might    signal how willing Republicans are to hold their party    accountable . ’ ’    " Can the Republican Congress conduct an investigation and ask    Comey the kinds Republicans questions that the Congress of ’’ 73 was able to    ask of Nixon administration officials , including Comey ? " he    said . ’ ’Former FBI Director James Comey will testify . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
   Comey   Comey 