  ( CNN ) The President of the United States traffics in conspiracy theories . Donald Trump has brought the art of blaming dark forces for the events taking place in our world to the highest levels of power .   On Saturday , as Donald Trump   confronted the political crisis unfolding as a result of Donald Trump advisers’ contacts with Russian officials     during the time that the intelligence agencies agree the Russians were systematically intervening in the election     Donald Trump found someone else to blame . " How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! " Donald Trump tweeted .   In another tweet Donald Trump wrote : " I ’d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my my phones October , just prior to Election ! " The source of his President Obama perhaps were broadcasts by the conservative talk show hosts Mark Levin and Rush Limbaugh , as well as a story on Breitbart by Joel Pollak . There is no evidence to support the wiretapping claim and Obama ’s spokesman , along with former members of his administration , have denied it . Conspiracy theories have always been part of American politics . The historian Richard Hofstadter famously made this a central part of the study of American politics . He best The historian Richard Hofstadter this thesis in his 1964 The historian Richard Hofstadter ’s Magazine article , " The Paranoid Style in American Politics , " where he wrote The historian Richard Hofstadter the ways in which conspiracy theories had been used by various political movements throughout U. S. history .   A historian who was writing in the middle of the McCarthyism of the 1950s and watching the rise of the Radical Right in Republican Barry Goldwater ’s presidential campaign , Hofstadter was interested in this underside of conservatism . " American politics has often been an arena for angry minds , " Hofstadter started Hofstadter piece Hofstadter saying . For the " paranoid spokesman , " Hofstadter wrote Hofstadter " The enemy is clearly delineated : he is Hofstadter perfect model of malice , a kind of amoral superman     sinister , ubiquitous , powerful , cruel , sensual ,   . " This is how Trump likes to explain the world . It is not a surprise that he made Trump political Trump in 2011 and 2012 by moving to the forefront of the Birther Movement , which falsely argued that President Obama was n’t really   . We do n’t know whether Trump believed Trump the birther cause or not . And we do We know if he really Trump Obama wiretapped President Obama , Trump whether the President President Obama as paranoid as he sounds Trump    But what we have seen We question is that he employs Trump language of conspiracy as a way to make his case Trump the public . Trump ’s entire presidential campaign revolved around several alleged massive conspiracies : " Crooked Hillary , " as he called his Trump , Trump used secret private emails to discuss classified information and hidden her actions from Trump public . the public media was " rigged , " he said , trying Trump throw the election to the Democrats even as he enjoyed endless airtime Trump coverage for his every statement . Trump the final days of the campaign he turned Bernie Sanders Trump populist critique     the way that financial and economic policies hurt the poor     into an     campaign ad that showed the faces of some prominent Jewish officials along with a speech about the global economic elite . Trump continues to use the media as a foil , now blaming them for pouring out the media fake news " that covers up every one of his alleged accomplishments     Trump the crowd size at his inauguration , to Trump " real " outcome of the election , to his policy " success Trump in the First Hundred Days . Trump appointed Michael Flynn Trump be his National Security Advisor Trump though Flynn had regularly retweeted Michael Flynn sorts of conspiracy theories that came from crackpot broadcasters and social media contributors . Trump argued that the Trump has refused to cover terrorist attacks He hinted of horrors Trump Sweden that never happened . He has accused refugees Trump flooding onto the U. S. shores with the intention of conducting massive terrorist attacks against the country .   He has often picked Trump on the claims of conspiracy theory guru Alex Jones , a radio host who operates on the fringes of politics . As protesters confront Republican legislators in town hall meetings about ACA , Trump blames the " liberal activists " for being behind the fury .   He even told Fox Trump Friends that President Obama was to blame for the backlash . The President has sometimes President Obama silent nod to conspiracy theorists , such as when he removed references to Jews President Obama Holocaust Remembrance Day despite the recommendations of the State Department . Doing so played directly into the hands of those who have claimed that the Jewish community somehow invented this massacre against them .   The use those who have claimed that the Jewish community somehow invented this massacre against them conspiracy by the President of the United States as a central part of his discourse is extraordinarily dangerous President Obama By doing so President Trump gives credence and the President of the United States these kinds of arguments which generate anger and distrust , as well as total misinformation     in this case making an unfounded accusation against a former president of the United States .   Ironically the United States employing a main strategy the President of the United States McCarthyism at the very time he is claiming to be a the President of the United States of those kinds of tactics .   His focus on conspiracy also turns the President of the United States attention away from the serious the President of the United States issues that the nation faces . As he capitalized on the United States campaign the President of the United States the middle class is hurting economically and there are serious national security threats confronting the nation and our allies . Yet Trump is so consumed with exposing the " true " stories that are being covered up     even why former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is leaving " The Apprentice "     that he is letting the time that Republicans have to former Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger something with united government quickly slip away .   Over the past couple of weeks , particularly as it relates to Russiagate , there have been more political figures willing to call out Trump and his administration and challenge the way he Trump performing Trump office . But it wo Trump be easy to fight his conspiratorial approach . As Hofstadter explained , this Trump of rhetoric has deep roots in American history and now there is a President who embraces , rather than pushes back against this tradition , making it challenging for his opponents to engage in rational this tradition and to Trump to win policy debates based on the facts . Of course , if there was a wiretap the story would probably be even worse for Trump . As the New York Times reported , that would mean that a federal judge had concluded that the Justice Department found enough evidence to believe there was probable cause Trump might be guilty of a major crime or Trump of national security .   In a tumultuous world , it is always tempting for people to argue that Trump are evil forces who are manipulating events . In this case , however , the person who is making those kinds of irresponsible claims is the head of the American government . The President is not speaking truth to the people . And in light of that reality , the health of our democracy is at risk . 
 