Washington ( CNN ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said Thursday that Indiana Gov. Mike Pence ’s " starting to get a whiff of desperation from the other side " when it comes to rhetoric from Democrats about Indiana Gov. Mike Pence running mate , Donald Trump . Speaking to CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront , " Indiana Gov. Mike Pence was referring to comments made earlier in the day by Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid , who on the Senate floor called Trump a " spoiled brat , " " a con artist " and a " human leech who will bleed the country . " " I think those remarks are beneath the dignity of the United States Senate , " Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said . " Look , to be honest with you , I ’m starting to get a whiff of desperation from the other side . It seems like the attacks are getting a little more intense . " On ’curious’ Fed policies , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence defended Trump ’s recent comments about Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , whom Trump accused of keeping interest rates low and creating a " false stock market " in order to help President Barack Obama .   President Barack Obama declined to accuse Yellen of political gamesmanship , but said he had President Barack Obama hard time figuring out the Fed ’s policies . Trump ’s unfulfilled promises , " I think it ’s hard to understand why the Fed continues the Fed’s Fed that really work for hedge fund managers on Wall Street , here in New York City , but really are n’t working for working families on Main Street , " Pence said . " I think Donald Trump saying that it ’s time that we brought forward the kind of economic policies that will allow interest rates to return to a rational point . " He added Trump " I just think it ’s very curious to see the Federal Reserve continue to resist efforts to respond in the marketplace in a way that puts the interest of middle class families first . " Trump ’s Trump returns , Asked about Trump ’s Trump     which the GOP nominee has refused to release     Pence reiterated the campaign ’s stance that voters wo n’t see them until the conclusion of what voters has said Trump an ongoing IRS audit . " I do n’t hear a lot of people talking about tax returns , " he said . " I think he ’s been very forthcoming about he that he ’ll reveal those tax returns he a routine audit is done . " Pence maintained that voters curious about Pence more about Trump ’s financial Trump have that information available . " What your viewers ought to know is that both Donald Trump and I Trump frankly the other two major party candidates in this race , have all filed the full financial disclosure that federal law requires , " Pence said . " And people that want to learn about Donald Trump ’s financial interests Trump over 100 pages of disclosure online right now at the Federal Election Commission . And I encourage people that are curious to do that . Those tax returns will be coming when that routine audit is done . " Defends Donald Jr. Pence also defended Donald Trump Jr. ’s controversial comments earlier Thursday when he referred to " warming up the gas chamber Donald Trump Jr. ’s in complaining about the treatment his father has received from the media compared to Donald Trump Jr. ’s coverage of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . Trump his father after Flint pastor who interrupted him for attacking Clinton in church , " Well Donald Trump Jr. ’s clearly he Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton talking about capitol punishment and not making Trump to that awful period of history we know to be the Holocaust , " Pence said . " But look , his point is well made beyond whatever rhetoric he Trump to use . " Walks back child Trump comments , When asked about Trump ’s new child care plan that the businessman unveiled on Tuesday with the help of his daughter Ivanka , Pence said that it ’s the businessman ’s " appreciation Pence the role Pence working Trump’s . " Pence also defended his 1997 remarks when he wrote Pence " The daycare kids get the his end of the emotional stick , " saying that he has since changed his mind about the issue his   " That his probably a real long time ago . .. I think I still had dark hair back then , Erin . .. I will always believe that the best child care is an is in the home where a family that has the means to be able to provide that , " Pence said , adding , " But we have some    child care in our country today . " 
 