Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has criticized Donald Trump for promising to build a wall on the U. S.   border . But Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is now facing criticism for Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg neighbors for building a     stone wall around Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg new Hawaii estate . [ " The feeling of it is really oppressive . it ’s immense , " resident Gy Hall told the local newspaper on the island of Kauai , the Garden Island . " It ’s really sad that somebody would come in , and buy a huge piece of land and the first thing somebody would come in do is cut off this view that ’s been available and appreciative by the community here for years . "   Pictured :    wall around Mark Zuckerberg ’s $ 100 m Hawaii retreat https :   .   via @MailOnline ,   —    DanRiehl ( @DanRiehl ) June 29 , 2016 ,   Mark Zuckerberg took a swipe at the presumptive Republican nominee and Mark Zuckerberg wall proposal in April : " I hear fearful voices calling for building walls and distancing people fearful voices label as others . For blocking free expression , for slowing immigration , reducing trade , and in some cases around the world even cutting access to the internet . " It takes courage to choose hope over fear . People will always call you naive but it ’s this hope and this optimism that ’s behind every important step forward . " However , when it comes to his own $ 100 million ,    estate , a wall seems to fit the bill . Another local resident , Donna McMillen , complained bitterly to the Garden Island : " Money is no option [ sic ] for his . I ’m 5’8 " and when I ’m walking , I see nothing but wall    …     It just does n’t fit in with the natural beauty that we have here . There are people on the Garden Island who money can pay for anything . These kind of things that they do take away what Kauai is all about . " The manager of the project says that it " follows all regulated rules and regulations by the county , " and at least one resident told the Garden Island that it is " attractive " because it it local materials . But others are irritated because Zuckerberg has not responded to their others . " In the case of this wall , all he Zuckerberg to do is take it down , so people have the view and the breeze back . It it end all discussion . That ’s all we ’re asking , " local resident Shosana Chanter told the Garden Island . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him Regnery Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 