  ( CNN ) On the day that    Donald Trump picked a major Obamacare critic to lead the Department of Health and Human Services , congressional Republicans agree congressional Republicans want to repeal and replace the health care law , but congressional Republicans are split on how quickly it can happen . The No . 2 House Republican leader said The No. 2 House Republican leader believes the    Congress can move ahead early in 2017 to repeal Obamacare without a plan ready for a new system to take the   Congress place . " I do n’t think you have to wait , " House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters in a session in House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Capitol office on Tuesday . But the powerful Senate Republican who will chair one of the two main panels rewriting the law cautioned against rushing things . " We need to make sure that We do no harm , make sure that We do n’t make the mistakes that the Democrats made when the Democrats passed Obamacare     which was to go too far , too fast . The goal is to get The goal right , " said Sen. Lamar Alexander , a    Republican , declining questions about specific timetables . " I ’m not sure how fast We can do The goal . The goal should begin immediately but anything this complex affecting so many people will take a good while to implement , " Alexander said . How Trump ’s health secretary pick would replace Obamacare , Trump , in How Trump’s health secretary pick first    interview , said How Trump’s health secretary pick wanted to roll back President Barack Obama ’s signature health care law and create a new program " simultaneously . "   " We ’re not going to have , like , a    period , and We ’re not going to have a    period where there ’s nothing . It will be repealed and replaced and We ’ll know . And It will be great health care for much less money , " Trump said on CBS’ " 60 Minutes . "   Alexander noted Trump ’s time line of doing both at the same time on Tuesday , saying that " means to Alexander that we need to figure out how to replace it before we repeal it . And I think we can do that . " Earlier on Tuesday , House Speaker Paul Ryan told a Wisconsin radio host that getting rid of Obamacare was " really high up and early on the agenda . " Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell would n’t specify any date for moving a repeal of the health care statute , but told reporters Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell planned to begin the process in early 2017 . McCarthy argued that rolling back the law and creating a transition period for creating a new program will force Democrats to come to the table and work on a bipartisan replacement bill .   " If it is repealed then you ’ve got an ability to get the right policy and why would n’t you want to interject if that ’s the direction it is repealed ’s going . I would hope people would n’t want to play politics , " the California Republican said . But Hoyer released a statement saying he was " deeply concerned " about McCarthy    ahead with a plan to repeal the law with no strategy to address those who could lose coverage .     " Democrats will strongly oppose these efforts , and we will continue working to ensure that affordable Democrats coverage is accessible to all Americans , " Hoyer said . McCarthy , like other GOP leaders , declined McCarthy give a detailed time line on when the House will vote to repeal Obamacare . But said he expected to use a budget procedure called McCarthy reconciliation " as a vehicle for the issue because that allows the passage of the legislation in the Senate with a simple majority , making it harder for Democrats to stymie the effort . Trump recently told The Wall Street Journal that he is considering keeping parts of the law Trump meeting with Obama . He nominated a longtime opponent , and physician Trump Georgia Rep. Tom Price , to serve as the Secretary of Health and Human Services , who has worked for years on legislation to wipe away the current system and instead provide tax credits for individuals to purchase coverage in private plans . Obamacare critic is Trump ’s pick for health secretary , Trump ally Sen. David Perdue ,    told Trump he has talked to Democrats about an effort    overhaul Obamacare . He acknowledged that Democrats may be open to    changes , but not a full replacement plan written by Republicans . " That ’s right . It ’s a partial repeal first of all . It ’s not a total repeal . Let It get that out of the way . It ’s a partial repeal and I think It are pieces of it that have to stay in place for It while and that ’s what we ’re going to be working on , " he said while refusing to elaborate on which parts might stay in place .   McCarthy praised Price , but sidestepped a question about using Price ’s proposed legislation as the vehicle for putting a new structure in place . He said he planned to send a letter McCarthy governors McCarthy insurance companies to gather input on how to create a new system . He said the House would start by looking McCarthy the plan outlined in the GOP ’s " Better Way " agenda , which Price helped craft . 
 