Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live update of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 9:00 : Mitt Romney ’s niece ( Michigan GOP Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel ) tells Breitbart News that she intends (Michigan GOP Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel) support Trump after the first ballot at a potential contested convention : Romney McDaniel (Michigan GOP Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel) News Breitbart News Berden will (Michigan GOP Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel) to the national convention as Trump delegates . Agema Trump expected to pledge his vote to Cruz Agema Asked Friday if she plans to support (Michigan GOP Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel) ’s nomination beyond Trump ballot , McDaniel told The Detroit (Michigan GOP Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel) Breitbart News do so . (Michigan GOP Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel) 7:40 : Cruz on his way to big win Cruz Colorado : Per the Colorado GOP , @TedCruz is up to Colorado bound delegates in the state , five away from being able to claim victory : https :   .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 8 , 2016 ,   7:35 : Kasich marvels at Sanders ’s success : Kasich marvels at where Bernie Sanders is Kasich the race . Sanders you believe what s happening with Bernie ? " Then gives his Ben   Jerry ’s joke .   Sanders    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) April 8 , 2016 ,   7:29 : Clinton surrogate refers to Clinton as the " real Democrat " in Clinton race . " You know what we the race na do ? " Rep. Louise Slaughter says at @HillaryClinton event in Rochester . " We ’re gon na vote for the real Democrat . "   —    erica the "real Democrat" in the race ) April 8 , 2016 ,   7:17 : Clinton again blasts Trump as a " flamboyant " Clinton who incites and blasts him for his " amateur hour " statements on Clinton stump Clinton She also mocks his plans to build a border Clinton : Hillary Clinton , in Rochester : " Building a Clinton having Mexico pay for it , is like a Saturday Night Live skit . "   a wall    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) April 8 , 2016 ,   7:10 : Clinton ’s response when asked if her husband should apologize Clinton Black Lives   Matter activists Clinton Asked Hillary Clinton if Bill Clinton should apologize to the BLM Clinton She did Clinton , but said this : pic . twitter Clinton    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) April 8 , 2016 ,   7:06 : Clinton seems to be getting more hoarse and says students should not Clinton to pay off their debt after 20 years . She wants " national service options " to students people to go Clinton college . 7:05 : Clinton continuing Upstate New York tour to win back voters who supported Clinton during her Senate run : Hillary Clinton says she ’s happy Clinton be Clinton in Rochester . Clinton it ’s Clinton place she " grew to admire " during Clinton time as senator .   Clinton    Lynette Adams ( @whec_ladams ) Clinton 8 , 2016 ,   7:03 : Kasich getting strong reception in New York : After months+months of this , this eve might be biggest regular town hall crowd I ’ve seen for Kasich . More than 1500 . pic . twitter .    —    Kailani Koenig Kasich @kailanikm ) April 8 , 2016 ,   7:00 : Dr. Ben Carson ’s advice to Trump campaign : " I would say read the Bible and pray , and learn how to put yourself in other people ’s shoes . "    6:55 :    Super PAC attacks " crazy "   : 5:33 : Sanders vows local police reform and to " redo the War on Drugs . " He says we can argue about the " plusses and minuses " of marijuana but Sanders is not a killer drug like heroin and that is why marijuana use should not be a federal crime . 5:25 : Sanders calls for a political revolution where millions stand up and tell the " billionaire Sanders that they ca n’t have it all . " He continues to blasts the " rich millions after talking about the Panama Papers . Sanders shouts out the # panamapapers : ’just one more scam’ by the rich ’to Sanders paying their fair share’   —    Alan Yuhas ( @AlanYuhas ) April 8 , 2016 ’just one more scam’ by the rich ’to   5:18 : Sanders surrogate Sarandon says he is not bought and the Iraq War Clinton supported did Sanders damage . " Sanders : Sanders has never been bought , that crowd had done its research . Says Sanders surrogate Sarandon war Sanders ’psychic damage , to US pic . twitter .    —    Alan Yuhas ( @AlanYuhas ) April 8 , 2016 ,   5:17 : Sanders supporter screaming about " systemic racism " at Brooklyn rally : Girl in front of Sanders screaming abt systemic racism on the phone . But at least it ’s finally sunny ! pic . twitter .    —    Inae Oh ( @eenayo ) April 8 , 2016 ,   5:11 :    voter guide attacking Trump for being " . " Our Principles PAC had an    voter guide that attacks him for being    pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) April 8 , 2016 ,   5:09 : Clinton continues to go after Sanders for saying she was not qualified to be president : Clinton on Sanders’ qualified comment : " It Clinton completely a misrepresentation   …      I Clinton n’t know why he made them in the first place . "   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN Sanders April 8 , 2016 ,   4:32 : Sen. Mike Lee ( ) says Cruz has the advantage because of his delegate recruitment efforts and Trump ’s ceiling in the polls .   Lee has said Sanders would be surprised if Cruz did not win on the second ballot at a contested Lee . 4:25 : Trump Cruz really downplaying expectations in Colorado : Patrick Davis , leading Trump ’s CO delegate op , again downplays expectations : " We do n’t expect even 1 delegate . If we get one , that ’s a win . "   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( We ) April 8 , 2016 ,   4:22 : Huffington Post Blasting Bill Clinton for Defending Welfare Reform : " C’mon Man . " Huffington Post raking Bill Clinton over the coals on Welfare Reform comments . https :   Huffington Post pic . Bill Clinton    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) April 8 , 2016 ,   4:20 : When asked about Clinton ’s remarks to Black Lives Matter agitators , Devine says the Clintons need to realize that the Bill Clinton Lives Matter movement is important and the activists have " real grievances that they are trying to air " and the Clintons do n’t realize they do have real grievances . the activists : On CNN , Tad Devine the Clintons ’s top strategist , the activists Sanders did n’t go too far in insisting that Clinton was n’t qualified to be president . He has Sanders no regret " about it at all . Devine says Krugman could not be more wrong Sanders saying that Sanders is acting like a " Bernie Bro Tad Devine " 4:05 : Clinton at another Buffalo event : Hillary Sanders now making a stop at Golden Coffee Up in Buffalo . Clinton She ordered the " Buffalo Clinton ") pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz Buffalo @ABCLiz ) Clinton 8 , 2016 ,   4:00 : Ice Cube also says he has met Trump in the past and said the GOP frontrunner was " cool . " 3:35 : Cruz Ice Cube up delegates in Colorado as Trump focuses all of his efforts in New York : Ted Cruz wins three more delegates in Colorado , raising Trump to 12 : Ice Cube :   .   via Cruz # copolitics ,   —    Colorado Plunkett ( @chuckplunkett ) April 8 , 2016 ,   Cruz slate sweeps in Colorado ’s second district pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) April Cruz , 2016 , Colorado goes to Cruz . One pledged to Cruz , but the two unbounds are Cruz supporters . Now has 15 delegates , 11 Cruz . pic . twitter Cruz    —    Katherine Faulders ( Cruz ) April 8 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Clinton may have broken NY MTA rules : JUST IN : Clinton ’s subway ride broke NY rules https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( Clinton April 8 , 2016 NY MTA   3:20 : Trump mocks Clinton ’s " sad " attempt at " pandering " by riding subway : 3:15 : Clinton Library releasing 464 documents related to Clinton : Trump ’s at center of Clinton Library   " document dump " set for Clinton 12 . Ca n’t imagine @tedcruz Trump be paying Trump . pic . Clinton .    —    Hallie Jackson ( @HallieJackson ) April 7 , 2016 ,   3:13 : She says Trump hates it when she says this but she has gotten a million more votes than Trump during this election cycle . 3:11 Trump Clinton Trump in Buffalo , She the New York She will " decide Clinton happens in this nominating race " and insists New York Buffalo the race . 3:00 : Protesters outside of Clinton ’s Buffalo Clinton : Protestors against Hillary Clinton gather outside her rally at Pierce Clinton Museum @HillaryClinton event in Rochester pic . twitter .    —    Buffalo Eyewitness Clinton @WKBW Clinton 8 , 2016 Clinton     3:57 : Clinton learning about Buffalo in Buffalo : Hillary Clinton , at the @JacobsInstitute in Buffalo Clinton learning how to treat a brain aneurism . pic . twitter .    —    Liz Buffalo ( Clinton April 8 , 2016 ,   Buffalo : Cruz issues statement on Lackland Air Force Base shooting : . @SenTedCruz issues a statement on the shooting at Lackland Air Force Base : pic . twitter .    Cruz    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 8 , 2016 ,   2:50 : Bernie Sanders holds campaign event in front of his Lackland Air Force Base This @BernieSanders event taking place in front of his Sanders in Brooklyn . Apartment 2C , per Sanders . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman Sanders April 8 Brooklyn 2016 , 
 