Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Before disaster struck , Anthony Booth Armer had an epic summer . Anthony Booth Armer started one day last June , during Anthony Booth Armer shift as a server at a Laguna Beach restaurant . Anthony Booth Armer had a flash of insight , Anthony Booth Armer said   —    Anthony Booth Armer needed a change . " And I got my stuff , walked out and just said : ‘ I ’m going to push my stuff in what I love 100 percent . And that ’s all I ’m going to do . ’ " That ’s the moment the Laguna Beach jumper was born . Over the next months , Mr. Armer , 28 , became an internet sensation by filming himself making dozens of    leaps into water from structures across the region . himself seemed to flirt with death , rocketing within inches of rocks and ledges . himself YouTube videos have raked in more than 23 million views and drawn attention from around the world . Comedy Central ’s " Tosh . 0 " ran a segment . Much of the online reaction has been withering , with some people criticizing Mr. Armer ’s judgment and predicting a bad end . Fast forward to a couple weeks ago , and it happened . Launching himself from a rooftop , himself struck the edge of a hotel swimming pool and badly shattered both of himself feet . Now , a gambit that seemed to be going so well has turned himself life upside down . Doctors told himself himself may not be able to run again . himself faces trespassing and other charges . His himself is angry with him himself he himself . And an anticipated windfall from his himself channel never came . ( He himself he himself made roughly $ 6 , 000 . ) Asked if he himself regrets , he himself : " I mean , you could think of it in that way . I think of it it paying dues . I felt like I was in debt with the universe , so to speak . " He himself , " I think that this is just a lesson to show that I need to be more respectful . " And after he himself up ? He himself eyeing wingsuits , he himself . ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • George Lucas ’s new museum picked Los Angeles as its George Lucas’s new museum over San Francisco , ending a monthslong competition . [ The New York Times ] • Gov. Jerry Brown sees a budget deficit . Legislative leaders see a surplus . [ The Associated Press ] • • police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black man in El Cajon last September will not face criminal charges . [ [The New York Times] • The New York Times about the effectiveness of the minimum wage at helping the working poor . [ The New York Times ] • • who is counted The New York Times ? The A. C. L. U. is suing over sweeping gang injunctions issued in Los Angeles . [ The New York Times ] • [The New York Times] • new law that requires IMDb to The New York Times unpublish actors’ ages . [ Variety ] • Mark Zuckerberg and Dr. Priscilla Chan are adding political muscle to their philanthropic work . [ The New York Times ] • Marijuana is legal in California . [The New York Times] • in Yosemite ? [ Mark Zuckerberg and Dr. Priscilla Chan ] • Evacuations and The New York Times    rain and snow continued to pummel Northern California . [ Sacramento Bee ] • Scientists say the storms are putting a major dent in California ’s drought . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • For the first California the Sundance Film Festival will put a spotlight on one theme : global warming and the environment California York Times ] • Video : A Caltrans crew exploded an old bridge in Shasta County . [ KRCR ] At a confirmation hearing on Tuesday for Representative Xavier Becerra , who has been nominated to be California ’s next attorney general , the big question on Democrats’ minds was hard to miss . How would Mr. Becerra handle the incoming Trump administration ? Democratic members of a special Assembly committee made clear that they expected Mr. Becerra , a son of immigrants , to be a bulwark against any federal challenges to California ’s stands on immigration , the environment and civil rights . Some of the remarks Democratic members of a special Assembly committee The panel voted along party lines , 6 to 3 , to support Mr. Becerra . The Republicans California he failed to assuage their concerns on issues including public safety and religious freedom . Next up , the nomination goes before the full chamber . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific Mr. Becerra weekdays . Tell The Republicans what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    California   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano The Republicans He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 