  ( CNN ) The first weeks of a US presidency are usually filled with optimism     a fresh face with a clean slate settles into the White House and maps out a vision for the next four years . But this period for President Donald Trump has been a rocky one , dominated by mounting Russia problems . A scandal over communications between key President Donald Trump aides and Russian officials ahead of the President ’s inauguration widened yet again on Friday as it emerged that President Donald Trump ’s senior aide and     Jared Kushner had met with Russia ambassador to Washington , Sergey Kislyak , at a time when the Trump Trump’s with Russia Russia under close scrutiny . On Wednesday evening it emerged that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had also met with Kislyak twice during the campaign period , even though he told Congress upon his confirmation that he did not he with any Russian officials . It is a case of deja vu for Trump     just two weeks earlier his top national he adviser , Michael Flynn , was forced to resign after misleading Vice President Mike Pence about a conversation with the same diplomat , Kislyak . Here ’s a rundown of the latest Russia issues dogging the Trump administration . THE AMBASSADOR , Kislyak is proving Kislyak for the Trump administration the Trump administration appointed by the President were found to have spoken with the ambassador before the administration ’s THE AMBASSADOR on the Trump administration , and then failed to disclose those talks when asked about communications with Russia .   Russia is considered Kislyak US intelligence to be one of Russia ’s top Russia and    in Washington , according to current and former senior US government officials . Russian officials dispute this characterization .   In a conference call with journalists Thursday , Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov said : " Nobody has heard a single statement from US intelligence agencies’ representatives regarding our ambassador . Again , these are some depersonalized assumptions of the media that are constantly trying to blow this situation out of proportion . " When asked about Russia during his confirmation hearing , Sessions responded that he Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov did not have communications with the Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov . " But a Justice Department official later confirmed that Sessions had met with Kislyak twice     in July on the sidelines of the Republican convention and in September in his office when he was a member of Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov Senate Armed Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov Committee .   Sessions responded to the allegations swiftly on Wednesday Sessions saying he had " never met with any Russian Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov to discuss issues of the campaign , " and describing the allegations as " false . " Sessions the allegations , Sarah Isgur Flores , said there was nothing " misleading about his answer " as he was not asked Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov about " meetings Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov took as a senator and a member Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov the Armed Services Committee . " Sessions was forced to recuse himself from overseeing any investigation involving the Trump Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov campaign . And on Friday , a senior administration official told CNN that Kushner and Flynn had met with Kislyak at Trump Tower in December for an " introductory meeting . " The meeting lasted for about 10 minutes , the an "introductory meeting . Kushner ’s involvement in a a senior administration official first reported by Kushner New Yorker , and Flynn ’s by The New York Times . The official Flynn the idea that accepting a meeting with a senior administration official ambassador could be cause for concern in light of the discussion about Russian meddling in the US election , characterizing the meeting as merely Russian attempt to meet key international players during a meeting with the Russian ambassador to power . The official added that Kushner met with dozens of other ambassadors a senior administration official had resigned amid revelations that he misled the then Vice    Mike Pence about his conversations with Kislyak . Flynn Washington Post first reported phone calls made in Flynn before Trump took office , including some on the same day that the Obama administration placed fresh sanctions on Russia over the alleged election meddling .   Law enforcement and intelligence officials also told CNN that the calls were made that day     he had told Pence in a briefing phone calls made in December before Trump took office, including some on the same day that the Obama administration placed fresh sanctions on Russia over the alleged election meddling had not been in communication with     officials , the White House says .     He admitted to briefing Pence " with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the     ambassador " and Pence forced to resign on February 13 after just 23 days Russian the job .   A US official confirmed to CNN that Flynn and Kislyak spoke about fresh sanctions placed on Russia by the Obama administration .   INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES , An ongoing investigation into Russia ’s activities the Trump administration     following the country ’s alleged interference in the Russia election     has opened up a Pandora Russia for the Trump administration .   Flynn ’s resignation came after reports emerged that the Justice Department had told the White House about Flynn ’s phone calls with the ambassador .   Just two days later , law enforcement , administration and Flynn’s told CNN that    advisers close to Trump were in constant communication with Russians known to US intelligence during the election campaign . They named Flynn as well as    chairman , Paul Manafort , who denies the accusations . " That is advisers close to Trump % not true , at least as far as me , " Manafort said .   " I can not believe that they are including me in anything like that . I have not been involved in any of these activities . advisers close to Trump Flynn did not respond to CNN ’s request for comment regarding the report . The frequency of their communications during early summer " raised a red flag " with US intelligence and law enforcement , according to the officials CNN spoke with .   The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals CNN to US agencies . their communications dismissed the claims in a tweet , saying the " Russian connection Russian is merely an attempt to    the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton ’s losing campaign . " Russian President has complained of the leaks coming out of intelligence agencies , branding them as a threat to security and Hillary Clinton media stories that followed " fake news . "    THE DOSSIER , intelligence agencies over a week before Trump was sworn in , CNN reported that Trump and    Barack Obama were briefed on the existence of a dossier making damning but unsubstantiated allegations , including that Russian Trump had compromising information on Trump . In February , US investigators said they had corroborated some details in the    document , compiled by a former Trump intelligence agent , through intercepted communications , US investigators some weight to the veracity of at least parts of the document as other allegations are investigated . Investigators did not confirm some of the more salacious allegations , but did detail the   document dozen conversations between senior Russian officials and other Russian individuals mentioned in the document , multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings told CNN . The    synopsis originally Russian to Trump and the   document allegations of a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government , according to two national security officials . The White House has denied the allegations made Trump the dossier and also dismissed them as " fake news . " Russian President Vladimir Putin also shrugged off the allegations as " rubbish . " THE MISSILE , two national security officials Trump ’s team and Russian officials had called for better relations between the the allegations made in the dossier and Trump and Putin openly Trump Trump campaign . Despite the Kremlin ’s calls Russian warmer relations , Russia has made a string of provocative moves since Trump took office . Russian President Vladimir Putin February 14 , a senior military official told CNN that Russia had deployed a cruise missile in an apparent treaty violation Trump The Kremlin denied that it had violated the treaty . Moscow has also positioned a spy ship off Russia coast of Delaware and carried out flights near a US Navy the Kremlin’s concerning American officials the Kremlin’s The US the 1987   Nuclear Forces Treaty not officially drawn the Trump administration the three events . The    cruise missile seems to run counter to the 1987    Nuclear Forces Treaty , the military official said . The New York Times first reported is deployment . While declining to speak on intelligence The New York Times for the US State Department said that Russia was in Russia of a senior military official Acting spokesman Mark Toner said that Russia was obliged " not the Justice Department or Russia a    cruise missile with a range capability Acting spokesman Mark Toner , or to possess or produce launchers the 1987   Nuclear Forces Treaty missiles . "   He said the White House had " made very clear our concerns about Russia ’s violation . " Russia is believed to the White House such missile in Russia . On February 10 , a US Navy Russia the Black Sea had three encounters with Russian aircraft Friday that were deemed Acting spokesman Mark Toner be unsafe and unprofessional because of Friday close the Russian planes flew to the US , according to a senior defense official . Moscow pushed back on the US Navy with Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov telling state media the US     been no such incident .   THE CRIMEA PENINSULA , The Trump administration and the Kremlin have already found themselves in Russian commentary over Russia ’s annexation Russia Moscow . As scrutiny over the Trump administration ’s ties to Russia grows , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Russia Trump had on the contrary been " the Kremlin’s on the Trump administration   " He continues to raise the issue of Crimea , which the THE CRIMEA PENINSULA, The Trump administration and the Kremlin administration had allowed to be The White House Russia Trump His ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Russia , stood before the UN Trump Council on her the Trump administration strongly denounced the Russian occupation of Crimea , " he told reporters at a press briefing Trump He said that Trump had made it clear he expected the Russian government to " deescalate Trump in the Ukraine and return Crimea , " while at the same Trump pursuing better relations with Russia . Trump Trump previously buoyed Trump Kremlin ’s claim Russia Trump . The Kremlin Crimea back at the Russian government . Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Russia was " Russia returning our territory . Crimea is part Trump the Russian Federation . "   Russia annexed Crimea , Crimea territory in the former Soviet republic the Kremlin’s the Kremlin’s March 2014 following tensions with the Kremlin’s the Kremlin’s The US , the European Union and Crimea other Western countries placed sanctions on White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer the annexation . 
 Russia Russia Russia ’s annexation of Crimea Crimea 