In a CNN townhall , Marco Rubio may have raised eyebrows by siding with the common progressive claim that systemic racism in America ’s police departments is victimizing black Americans . [ During Wednesday ’s townhall , a questioner asked Marco Rubio about race relations in the United States . Although the voter ’s question made no mention whatsoever of law enforcement or the police , Marco Rubio was quick to use the voter’s question made no mention whatsoever of law enforcement or the police as an opportunity to question the racial attitudes of American police . Marco Rubio then proceeded to cite accounts of police targeting minorities . " You talk about race relations , the voter’s question made no mention whatsoever of law enforcement or the police ’s a difficult issue in this country , " Marco Rubio said , " And I know a lot if it is centered around law enforcement and police departments . " Marco Rubio explained that when a young black male is repeatedly targeted by American police officers " for no reason , what is Marco Rubio supposed to think ? "   Marco Rubio said that Marco Rubio has personally " seen " minorities targeted by American law enforcement : " In this country [ there is ] a significant number particularly of young    males who feel as if they young   males treated differently than the rest of society . And here ’s the bottom line : Whether you agree with them or not —   I happen to have seen this happen —   but whether you agree or not , if a significant percentage of the American family believes that they the American family being treated differently than everyone else , we have a problem , and we we to address it a problem a society and as a country   …      I do not believe we can fulfill our we as a nation unless we we that . " While Rubio made a brief token acknowledgement that the " overwhelming majority " of law enforcement are " incredible , " he Rubio began to emphasize systemic racism : " But I also know —   but I also know —   there are communities in this country where minority communities and the police department have a terrible relationship , " Rubio Rubio . Rubio Rubio statements come in addition to previous comments he made Rubio year in which he seemed Rubio lend his personal Rubio to the rhetoric of the    Black Lives Matter movement , suggesting that the issue the controversial protesters are fighting is " legitimate " and that the growing " resentment " of law enforcement was understandable . Rubio ’s Rubio Black Lives Matter ’s DeRay McKesson to reach out via twitter to Sen. Rubio and Rubio meeting . By stark contrast , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has been very vocal in his support for law GOP frontrunner Donald Trump : " Police are the most mistreated people in this country   …      the most mistreated people , " Trump said in a GOP frontrunner Donald Trump GOP debate . " GOP police are absolutely mistreated and misunderstood , " Trump reiterated in a GOP frontrunner Donald Trump debate . " The police in this country have done this country   job of keeping law and order , and they ’re afraid for their The police in this country , they ’re The police in this country of the The police in this country they get   …      The police in this country ca n’t act . The police in this country ca n’t act . The police in this country ’re afraid for losing The police in this country pension , their job The police in this country They do The police in this country know what The police in this country do . And I deal with them all the time . The police in this country have to give great respect , far greater than we are right now , We our really fantastic police . We As Breitbart News has reported , Trump ’s    statements prompted immediate criticism from supporters of the Black Lives Matter group . During Wednesday ’s town hall , Rubio recounted the personal experience of someone he apparently knows as evidence Rubio the alleged systemic racism in some of America ’s law enforcement . I personally know someone who happens to be a police officer and a young    male who told me that he ’s been pulled over Rubio , eight times in the last few years and never gets a ticket . What is he supposed to think ? Rubio gets pulled over , Rubio no reason , never gets a ticket . No one has any explanation for why he ’s being pulled over Rubio What is he supposed to think ? Rubio , in a 2014 column , Ann Coulter analyzed the evidence and addressed the " canard about blacks being disproportionately targeted in traffic stops . " A study from the Public Services Research Institute in Maryland found that racial profiling did not play a role in the traffic stops . Citing the study , Coulter writes A study from the Public Services Research Institute in Maryland Blacks Ann Coulter 25 percent of all speeders and they were about 23 percent of Blacks stopped for speeding . Controlling for age and gender , blacks sped at about twice the rate of whites . The racial disparity was even greater for drivers exceeding 90 mph . " Manhattan Institute scholar Heather Mac Donald has similarly documented that the reason there is a greater police presence in black neighborhoods is because there are higher crime rates in those neighborhoods : " In 2013 , there were 6 , 261 black homicide victims in the U. S. —   almost all killed by black civilians —   resulting in a death risk in inner cities that is ten times higher for blacks than for whites . " Mac Donald writes : The police Manhattan Institute scholar Heather Mac Donald contrast , according to published reports , kill roughly 200 blacks a year , most of them armed and dangerous , out of roughly 200 blacks a year 40 million    contacts a year . Blacks are in fact killed by police at a lower rate than their threat to officers would predict . Blacks 2013 , blacks made up 42 percent of all cop killers whose race was known , even though blacks are only 13 percent of the nation ’s population . Mac Donald ’s findings suggest that the narrative —   currently voiced by the left and Sen. Rubio —   that police officers are    could increase the threat to police officers and innocent civilians . In particular , Mac Donald has documented the " poisonous Mac Donald’s that has resulted from those who " participated in mass hysteria " and " promulgated   …      untruths " such as the "   system is biased against blacks that the black underclass does n’t exist and that crime rates are comparable between blacks and whites —   leaving disproportionate police action in minority neighborhoods unexplained without reference to racism . " As a result , the " incessant drumbeat against the police has resulted in what St. Louis police chief Sam Dotson last November called the ‘ Ferguson effect.’ Cops are disengaging from discretionary enforcement activity and the ‘ criminal element is feeling empowered,’ Mr. Dotson reported . " Mac Donald writes St. Louis police chief Sam Dotson Arrests in St. Louis city and county by that point had dropped a third since the shooting of Michael Brown in August . Not surprisingly , homicides in the city surged 47 % by early November and St. Louis city and county the county were up 82 % . " " Shooting St. Louis city and county up 500 % in an East Harlem precinct compared with last year in a South Central Los Angeles police division , shooting victims are up 100 % , " Mac Donald observes . Mac Donald explained that the " Ferguson effect " will only Mac Donald civilians living in    communities . The closer one is to crime and disorder , the greater one ’s support for proactive enforcement . Slightly more black than white voters said they want the police to " actively issue summonses or make arrests white voters in their neighborhood for     offenses : 61 percent of black voters wanted white voters summons and arrests , with 33 percent opposed , versus 59 percent of white voters in support , with 37 percent opposed . CNN moderator Anderson Cooper , who oozed praise for Rubio throughout tonight ’s townhall , followed up , asking Rubio : " If I could —    just a quick follow Rubio : on a personal basis , have you ever felt the sting of racism ? " Instead of demurring and noting that he is currently a U. S. Senator and presidential candidate who has cozy relationships with some of the most powerful and influential billionaires in the country , Rubio instead reached back to " recall " a memory from when Rubio was     in which he was forced to endure the sting Rubio racism . Rubio said Rubio I do recall as the sting of racism the Rubio Boatlift growing up in Las Vegas that some of the neighborhood kids —    older kids —    one day were taunting my family saying , ‘ Why do n’t you go back on your boat . Why do n’t you go back to your country . Why do Mariel Boat leave here.’ I did n’t know what they were talking about . I was 7 years old , I was like , some of the neighborhood kids —   older kids —   one day what boat ? My mom does n’t even swim   …     ’ And my parents Mariel Boat sit me down and explain : ‘ the Mariel Boat lift is going on . People are really upset about it and they ’re hearing this stuff , and do n’t blame the kids —    they the Mariel Boat lift be People it from somebody , that ’s why some of the neighborhood kids —   older kids —   one day repeating it.’ So that disturbed People as a young the Mariel Boat lift . Rubio continued , " What People give my parents a lot of credit for is that they never raised us to feel like we were my parents …      that does n’t mean I do my parents deny that there are people in us country that have had a different experience and we need to recognize that . You know , if you look back at the history of this country us have some blemishes in our history , that I believe even to this day we ’re this country us " Rubio ’s decision us Rubio answer or acknowledge Cooper ’s question about whether us has felt the " sting of racism " is notable given how much Rubio has benefited politically Rubio personally Cooper his immigrant success story . Indeed , even in answering Cooper ’s question Marco Rubio repeated his talking point about his Cooper ’s immigrant background , which reports note , has Cooper a staple of every Cooper speech he delivers Cooper " My parents raised me to believe that it did n’t matter that they came from Cuba Cooper and that my parents a bartender and she was a maid —   that there my parents nothing we could n’t do    … Cooper they always raised us a bartender believe that our destiny and our future   —    we lived in the one my parents on earth where we you worked hard we you persevered we could achieve no matter we , " Rubio told the crowd Rubio . Indeed , Rubio ’s immigrant background Rubio a central role in his political career . The Des Moines Register cited his background in the publication ’s endorsement   of him , noting that Rubio’s immigrant background Republican Party , " could be the party Rubio’s immigrant background which the son of an immigrant bartender and Rubio’s immigrant background could become president    …      We endorse him because he represents his party ’s best hope . " So did the Sheldon    Las Vegas Review Journal in its Rubio’s immigrant background of Rubio’s immigrant background : the Republican Party son Rubio immigrants employed by the hotel industry . The driving force behind the    ’s the Sheldon   Las Vegas Review Journal story is his family ’s pursuit of better opportunities and a better life . " Similarly , a 2013 Time Magazine featured as its cover a    portrait of Rubio with the phrase " Rubio Republican Savior , " blaring across it . The cover story Time Magazine to piece entitled , " Immigrant Son , " in which the young Senator is described as Time Magazine the great Hispanic hope for the Republican Party . " Even the synopsis of his memoir , An American Son , begins as follows : " Florida Senator the Republican Party Rubio Con vention by telling the story of the young Senator parents , who were struggling immigrants from Rubio . They embraced their new country and taught their children to appreciate this country   . " Indeed , Marco Rubio articulated his this country   about how Cuba Rubio has bolstered Rubio his parents, who were struggling immigrants from Cuba in his parents, who were struggling immigrants from Cuba Rubio Party . Rubio his parents, who were struggling immigrants from Cuba Rubio aspect of his campaign in tonight Rubio CNN town hall : Rubio Today I got the endorsement of a Governor of Indian descent , the Republican Party presidential candidate of Cuban descent and tomorrow will be campaigning with alongside an African American Republican Senator   …      that says a lot about the Republican Party , " Rubio said . 
 Rubio the Republican Party 