Sarasota , Florida   ( CNN ) Donald Trump reflected Monday on the movement that has propelled Donald Trump candidacy , and let loose on the stump as during Donald Trump last full day of campaigning ahead of Election Day . The Republican presidential nominee also reminisced on The Republican presidential nominee successes and called attention to the lasting impact The Republican presidential nominee believes The Republican presidential nominee campaign will have on the country , even if The Republican presidential nominee does n’t win the presidency Tuesday . " It ’s been some campaign . It ’s been some campaign , " Trump said after taking the stage here to a rousing reception . " They say It ’s the single greatest movement in the history of the country . .. that ’s quite an honor . " " We ’ll get a tremendous amount of credit if we We or lose , " he Trump , adding that his Trump has made the public more aware than ever of the " rigged system . " He Trump said he Trump worked very hard " to get the government to publish data on Obamacare premium hikes , a disclosure he Trump in fact , did not influence .   Still , Trump stressed that he Trump " not looking for credit " should voters deal a death knell to his Trump aspirations . Even as he Trump the possibility of defeat , Trump Trump hope that his Trump would triumph Tuesday , predicting with characteristic bravado victories in blue states like Michigan , Minnesota and Pennsylvania , where he Trump hoping white working class voters will turn out in droves . " You watch what ’s going to happen in Pennsylvania , the miners are going to come out , the workers are going to come out , the steel workers who lost their the workers are coming out , " he Trump . The Republican nominee also predicted women , too , would turn out in droves to support him The Republican nominee , despite a candidacy marred by sexual assault allegations and a 2005 tape in which he The Republican nominee about sexually assaulting women . Trump also appeared to relish in his Trump political rallies , raucous spectacles that have defined his Trump from the start . After a week during which he Trump to closely stick to the prepared remarks scrolling on the teleprompters before him Trump Trump Trump off script several times as he Trump his Trump victories and his Trump more than 500 days ago to run for president . RELATED : In final push , Trump Trump campaign swing creeps past midnight , " It was time . It was time . I had to join the other side , which is you , " Trump said Trump his switch Trump insider to    outsider . " We are going to do things so special . " After spotting a costume mask of his own Trump in the crowd , Trump had Trump mask brought up and held it up ,     with his own his own face it into the crowd it Minutes the crowd he spotted Trump fireman ’s helmet and held that up on stage as well , touting his support Trump firemen . Trump also Trump his last Trump of campaigning by serving up some of the vintage ,    riffs that have long been staples of his     Trump , like his idealistic Trump humorous vision of a    country . " We will start winning again and winning like you ’ve never seen before . I ’ll tell you , we ’re gon na win We . In fact , the people of Florida may get tired of it . You may say the people of Florida ’Oh , this guy Trump wins too Trump , we ca n’t take it . We wins too Trump the people of Florida ’ll send your emissary , ’Please Mr. President , the people of Florida just do n’t want to Florida this much . It ’s true . You ’re winning on trade , you ’re bringing back jobs , you ’re winning at the border , the military is unbelievable , it ’s too much,’ " And the military ’ll say , ’sorry folks , we ’re gon na keep on winning’ right ? " he said . 
 