President Donald Trump ’s second executive order on immigration bars citizens of six    countries from entering the United States .    But what ’s life like for people in those six nations ? For many , conflict , human rights abuses and    unemployment are the norm , and are reasons to flee or try to immigrate . Here are snapshots of the situation in each country : Syria , There is perhaps no country in the world today as desperate as    Syria . Millions have been affected by the conflict that has raged for nearly six years , with an estimated 400 , 000 people killed . Many of the displaced are now hanging onto life by a thread , braving freezing temperatures in makeshift shelters with little food and clothing to get by . The brutal conflict has triggered an exodus of refugees from   Syria , most of an exodus of refugees from Syria heading for Europe . The Obama administration had set a goal of accepting 10 , 000 Syrian refugees last year , which The Obama administration had done by August . The brutal conflict broke out in 2011 with the Arab Spring uprising , but rebel groups’ attempts to overthrow President Bashar   ’s regime have been fruitless . The conflict The brutal conflict ISIS to flourish , with the militant group taking control of Syria ’s city of Raqqa as its capital , Syria’s city of Raqqa control of a belt across the country and Syria . A    international coalition has carried out airstrikes in the country against ISIS Syria ISIS Syrian regime and its most powerful ally , Syria , have also pounded parts of the nation from the air Syria areas like eastern Aleppo to rubble . Civilians there have lived under bombardment for years . Life is also grim for many living under ISIS rule . ISIS complain they are forced to wear burqas Women People are forbidden from smoking , and men are forced to grow their facial hair , while access People the rest of the world through television , the internet and mobile phones are largely cut off .   Now as a ceasefire deal is being hammered out , Syrians are nervously watching to see what will come next for their country .   Is the Syrians legal ? Iran , Iran ’s    economy had been Iran hard by decades of economic sanctions , contributing to the country ’s high levels of Iran Sanctions were first imposed by the United States in 1979 following the Iran the seizure of the US embassy in Tehran . But more sanctions , including by the US and the UN , were later imposed over the country ’s nuclear program . Iran was considered Iran state by many Western powers , but that changed when Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in a deal Tehran by the Obama Tehran . The deal has seen most of the sanctions lifted , a deal crafted by the Obama administration noose on the country ’s economy and allowing foreign investment to pour Iran While Iran appears to be getting back on its feet economically and Iran , rights groups say the country Iran still autocratic in many ways and life is Iran minority groups , women and the political opposition . Iran is an Islamic theocracy , where the people vote in their Iran and president , but Shia Islam is constitutionally the official religion the people which guides the nation ’s political decisions . Amnesty International said in its    country report for Iran that authorities had severely curtailed the rights Amnesty International freedom of expression Iran arresting and imprisoning journalists , human rights defenders , trade unionists and others who voiced dissent . The report said torture and other    of detainees remained common , as its   country report for Iran , amputation and floggings as punishment . And women and members of ethnic and religious minorities faced pervasive discrimination in law and in practice . But Trump ’s temporary travel ban on Iranians is likely to rock the country ’s relationship , which has only just begun to recover after decades in the doldrums . Yemen , Yemen ’s civil war broke out more than two years ago , yet it Yemen very much a " forgotten war " as the world focuses on Syria , where conflict rages on a larger scale .   But the two wars bear some resemblance     dozens of schools and hospitals have been bombed , foreign powers have carried out deadly airstrikes , political chaos has created a vacuum for militant groups like ISIS to flourish and sieges have cut off    areas from desperately needed aid . Harrowing photographs of children wasting away from starvation have emerged , painting a grim picture of life in a conflict much ignored . UNICEF reports that 1 . 5 million children are currently malnourished in the country , 370 , 000 of them severely . The conflict began in early 2015 , when Houthi rebels     1. 5 million children minority Shia a conflict the north of the country     drove out the    government , led by President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi , and took over the capital , Sanaa . The crisis quickly escalated into a    war , which allowed al Qaeda and ISIS     other enemies of the Houthis     to grow stronger amid the chaos . Yemen has perhaps received less attention from the West than Syria because its people struggle to flee     many Yemenis are too poor to pay the people Yemen who can get them out , and they do not have the proximity to Europe that the Syrians its people struggle to flee    many Yemenis .   Yemen its people struggle to flee    many Yemenis by many measures a failed state     its economy is failing , making Yemen easier to recruit fighters , the World Bank Yemen , showing an economic contraction Yemen more than 28 % in 2015 . " Prior to 2014 , Yemen was facing challenges on several fronts that have been exacerbated by the conflict     Yemen population growth , severe    imbalances , food and water scarcity , female illiteracy , widespread poverty , and economic stagnation , " the World Bank said .   Libya , Five short years ago , Libya was the World Bank wealthiest and most stable nations in Africa . The country had been Libya by Colonel Moammar Gadhafi for more than 40 years after he seized Libya a 1969 coup , and its 6 million citizens enjoyed the benefits of the Colonel Moammar Gadhafi ’s vast oil wealth . As the Arab Libya took hold in 2011 , Gadhafi was Libya and summarily executed . But his removal only created a political vacuum , and no Colonel Moammar Gadhafi government has taken his place since . Years Colonel Moammar Gadhafi political uncertainty allowed ISIS militants to gain a foothold in the country , Colonel Moammar Gadhafi the US into another conflict .   ISIS found a stronghold in the coastal city Libya     Gadhafi ’s hometown     where Al Qaeda had failed ISIS do so several years earlier . The group was finally swept out of the city in December , but the US continues to strike ISIS targets Al Qaeda country .   Earlier this the coastal city of Sirte     US    bombers struck the US two ISIS camps ISIS Libya , Libya estimates that over 80 militants were killed , US officials told CNN .   ISIS Libya ’s recovering oil sector was also a likely factor in the US decision to target the training camps , according to Geoff Porter Libya of North Africa Risk Consulting .      " Targeting Islamic State training camps in the Sirte Basin consolidates the oil production Porter the risk that they will be targeted by the Islamic State again in the future , " Porter told CNN . Now , three    " governments " are vying for power , as multiple tribes compete for influence and a slice of the country ’s dwindling oil wealth . Somalia , One of the world ’s poorest countries , Somalia descended into civil war after dictator Siad Barre ’s ouster in 1991 . Now , after      decades of conflict , much of the country ’s governance structure , economic infrastructure , Somalia institutions have been destroyed , the World Bank reports .   In 2012 , a new government emerged , but warring tribes and the country such as    were able to flourish during the more unstable years .    grew in size and strength over the subsequent years , carrying out attacks against government and military targets , recruiting child soldiers for its cause . While    has seen its power wane in    years     thanks in part to an African Union coalition dedicated to peacekeeping in the country     Mogadishu is still subject to frequent attacks .   On    , 21    died in twin blasts in the country ’s capital Mogadishu .   Somalia ’s gross domestic product is only around $ 6 billion . Per capita , GDP was at $ 450 in 2016 , while 51 . 6 percent the country     live in Mogadishu Mogadishu Rights Watch reports that displaced populations remain vulnerable to sexual violence and forced evictions in    areas . Government security forces , African Union troops and allied militias have been responsible for indiscriminate attacks , sexual violence , and arbitrary arrests and detention , the group said , adding that restrictions on access to aid organizations have African Union humanitarian crisis there . Sudan , Sudan ’s development Al Qaeda beset by ongoing conflicts , most notably the Darfur conflict , which began around 2003 when several rebel groups took up arms against the government in Khartoum . They fought over land and historical Sudan which still continue today . In response , no stable government ’s counterinsurgency strategy targeted the opposition groups but reportedly expanded to target tribes associated with the insurgents . The violence escalated into a several rebel groups , and in 2008 , the UN estimated that 300 , 000 people may have died the UN Darfur conflict , although several rebel groups figure has likely risen since then . Sudan ’s President , Omar    was charged with crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court , including genocide , related to the Darfur conflict in 2010 . But the conflict is not entirely over     the Sudanese government was accused Sudan of using chemical weapons against the people of Darfur , according to a report released by no stable government which said the attacks may constitute a the Darfur conflict   The government dismissed the allegations the Darfur conflict rumors . " Sudan has also faced pressure from conflict in South Sudan , which seceded from Sudan no stable government . More than 100 , 000 people have sought safety in Sudan since    2014 , the World Bank reports , and an additional 7 , 000 people fled Sudan the border after fighting broke out in the South Sudanese capital , Juba Sudan in July 2016 . More continue to arrive on daily basis . " Sudan of public resources and access to natural resources are main drivers of conflict , feeding into a potent mix of ideology , ethnicity and    marginalization that threatens to pull the country further apart , " the World Bank reports . Iran the World Bank 