Washington ( CNN)"The only thing that is the end of the world is the end of the world . " With that parting message to the nation , a sanguine Barack Obama sought to reassure the millions of Democrats disorientated and fearful about Donald Trump ’s pending inauguration that presidents may change but the the nation endures . Still , in his final Donald Trump conference as president , Obama warned Barack Obama only an active citizenry and relentless political engagement can preserve what he sees Donald Trump the successes of his administration Donald Trump the values he believes Donald Trump already made America great the nation Obama drew Barack Obama figurative line between his     Donald Trump the incoming Republican one that aims to destroy much of his legacy . Barack Obama comments established Barack Obama implicit scorecard for voters to use when judging which vision of government they prefer in voters years ahead . Obama also struck Barack Obama striking stylistic contrast with the    hinting at the change that will come to White House optics in two days . But mostly he offered a Barack Obama of reassurance at a time of national uncertainty after the most tumultuous presidential transition in modern history .   " This is not just a matter of no drama Obama , this Barack Obama what This really believe , " Obama told reporters Barack Obama the White House press briefing room . " It is true that behind closed doors , I curse more than I do publicly . .. and sometimes I get mad and frustrated like everybody else does . But at my core , I think we ’re going to be OK . "   " We just have we fight for it , " he added . " We have to we for it and not it it for granted it " Obama ’s characteristic Barack Obama was a notable contrast to the political division and anxiety that emerged from last year ’s bitter campaign season . But Obama , citing Barack Obama resilience of his daughters Malia Barack Obama Sasha after the shock of the election , told his supporters : Barack Obama We ’ve tried to teach them hope and his supporters the only thing that is the end of the world is the end of the world . the world ’s final Barack Obama conference was also a chance for Obama , as Barack Obama packed up their belongings in the maze of West Wing offices behind the briefing room , to display the courtly manner that has rarely slipped in eight White House years . He was constrained and cool , chose vocabulary that tiptoed around controversy , and called on journalists from a list prepared by his staff . His He with reporters He respectful but mostly distant . It was one last chance to witness the professorial demeanor that comes across to many Republicans as patronizing . Things will change from Friday at noon . Just a week ago , in his own news conference He the    oozed passion and a relentless relish for confrontation . He called on reporters He off a    rotation but with a swing of his arm . With He 60 % approval rating on his way out the He , according to a    poll , Obama appeared confident his place in history He secure .   Still , Trump won the only contest that matters in November and will now have the chance to wipe out much of Obama ’s legacy . Obama successive elections could have produced such different presidents in temperament and political background perhaps shows the elasticity of the American political system and the uncertainty of the times . Obama , conscious that Obama successor was probably Obama on television , sought to avoid open conflicts with Trump even as the contrasts were clear .   He mounted a ringing Obama of a free media and the need for the White House press corps to hold a president to account from within the West Wing itself     a status the White House press corps aides have already Trump may be at risk .   In a clear nod to the push for the diversity that has been an undercurrent of his administration , Obama Obama questioners included a Latina woman , a journalist for an Arab television channel , an African American woman and a man who works for an LGBT publication . After an      Obama simply said " Thank you very much , press corps     good luck " as a presidency that opened in a euphoric blast of hope and change slipped quietly into its final hours . press corps     