Washington ( CNN ) Ohio Gov. John Kasich worked to repair ties with President Donald Trump on Friday , offering what Ohio Gov. John Kasich said were candid views on topics like foreign policy and health care during a    sit down in the Oval Office . The former rivals for the GOP nomination were able to discuss The former rivals for the GOP nomination differences frankly , Ohio Gov. John Kasich told reporters after the session . Ohio Gov. John Kasich explained that Ohio Gov. John Kasich wanted to provide honest advice in a bid to help Trump succeed . " The man is the president of the United States , " The man said . " It ’s sort of like being on an airplane you want to root for the pilot . If you ’re on the airplane with the pilot , you do n’t want the the pilot screw up . " Ohio Gov. John Kasich often offered stinging criticism of Trump during the battle for the GOP nomination last year , suggesting Trump was woefully unprepared for the challenges of the presidency . Even after Trump bested Trump for the party ’s nomination , Ohio Gov. John Kasich remained a critic . Ohio Gov. John Kasich skipped this year ’s Republican National Convention even though it was Republican National Convention in Ohio Gov. John Kasich own state , and Ohio Gov. John Kasich voted for Sen. John McCain in November rather than Trump . On Friday , Ohio Gov. John Kasich did n’t mask the differences between Ohio Gov. John Kasich and the President , but Ohio Gov. John Kasich said Ohio Gov. John Kasich worked to avoid making those differences the differences between himself and the President " I can have my opinions but now it ’s time my opinions be constructive , " Ohio Gov. John Kasich said . " And sometimes being constructive is to not be positive , to make your point , and I ’m very glad that I ’ve been able to make my point on this whole business of Obamacare and Affordable Care Act , and I ’m going to continue to make it . And if it upsets Republicans in the Congress , that ’s life . " Kasich said he pressed Trump Kasich maintain an expansion in Medicaid funds under Obamacare , which has helped insure thousands of his state ’s Kasich , and called a Republican proposal for a health care replacement " inadequate . " He also detailed Kasich argument to Kasich about developing Trump cohesive foreign policy across the administration , which he said was Kasich during last week ’s Munich Security Conference , attended by Vice President Mike Pence and Defense Secretary James Mattis . " It ’s important for the administration to speak with one voice , " Kasich said . " He listened , Kasich it , I It was somewhat taken aback , even though he had the Kasich president and general over there , that sometimes people want to hear from him , and Kasich listened to Kasich . " 
 