The man who scaled Trump Tower last week told investigators The man who scaled Trump Tower last week did so for " the publicity , " which The man who scaled Trump Tower last week hoped would earn The man who scaled Trump Tower last week a meeting with Donald J. Trump , Manhattan prosecutors said in court on Wednesday . Prosecutors said Mr. Rogata , made the statement after The man who scaled Trump Tower last week was detained for the Aug. 10 stunt . It turned into an international spectacle , streamed over social media and broadcast by television news . Mr. Rogata appeared in Criminal Court through a video link to Bellevue Hospital Center , where he has been under psychiatric care Mr. Rogata the episode . Wearing a pale blue hospital outfit , his brown hair covering most of Mr. Rogata face , Mr. Rogata sat Mr. Rogata as prosecutors Mr. Rogata charges , including reckless endangerment and criminal trespassing . Judge Kevin McGrath set bail at $ 10 , 000 cash or $ 5 , 000 bond . Prosecutors said Mr. Rogata , who lives in Virginia Mr. Rogata atrium , sneaked into a    area and began his climb of the building ’s exterior Mr. Rogata the fifth floor . Mr. Rogata had been scaling the building for nearly three hours when he was grabbed by officers who the building a window on the 21st Mr. Rogata . The climb , which was watched by millions of viewers the fifth floor online , as well as hundreds of people from the streets below , was the latest    chapter for Trump Tower , since Mr. Trump began his presidential campaign there last summer . On Wednesday , Pierre Griffith , an assistant district Mr. Trump , said that Mr. Rogata told investigators he had wanted to give Mr. Trump , the Republican nominee , Mr. Trump information " that Mr. Trump has to do with when he ’s president , how he ’s going to govern . " Prosecutors said Mr. Rogata told Mr. Trump that he had hoped Mr. Trump make it to the top of the    Mr. Trump also knew he would Mr. Trump likely be arrested . Mr. Rogata , prosecutors said , waited for his parents to Mr. Trump home before driving to New York Mr. Trump where he arrived on Aug. 9 . Mr. Trump bought climbing equipment online in the weeks before the stunt and practiced Mr. Trump a    building in Virginia Mr. Trump Mr. Griffith said . Mr. Griffith asked the judge for a $ 20 , 000 bail , saying several items fell out of Mr. Griffith ’s backpack Judge McGrath climbed , including a laptop computer . " This defendant ’s crime endangered not only himself and people beneath him Mr. Rogata’s " but also emergency responders , he said . But Judge McGrath lowered the amount after being petitioned by himself Rogata ’s lawyer , Tara Collins of himself Legal Aid Society . Ms. Collins said Mr. Rogata had been receiving Mr. Rogata’s Bellevue . She described him as a good student   —    Tara Collins of Mr. Rogata’s and the cross country teams in high school   — Tara Collins Mr. Rogata’s volunteered for Mitt Romney ’s 2012 presidential campaign . He works at a plant nursery , she said . She described Mr. Rogata ’s father as a " " officer in the Navy Mr. Rogata’s a specialty in flight navigation , and Tara Collins both of Tara Collins parents had visited him at the hospital . Mr. Rogata , she said , " did something that was profoundly stupid with hopes Mr. Rogata’s meeting someone who Mr. Rogata’s will never get to meet Mr. Rogata’s 
 Tara Collins Mr. Rogata’s 