Two conservative students at the University of Michigan ruffled some feathers when Two conservative students at the University of Michigan traveled to a Bernie Sanders rally in an effort to raise money for Donald Trump . [   Hunter Swogger and Aliceea Rice received some interesting reactions when Two conservative students at the University of Michigan asked a crowd of Bernie Sanders supporters to contribute to Donald Donald Trump plan to build a border wall to prevent illegal immigration . While most Bernie Bernie Sanders were able to laugh off Swogger ’s Hunter Swogger others responded with anger and frustration . Swogger , who is the Executive Editor of the Michigan Review , remained upbeat and humorous throughout the video , despite some Sanders’ supporters spitting in his donation bucket Sanders’ attempting to use it as a his donation bucket can . Swogger and Rice Hunter Swogger forced to defend themselves against allegations Swogger and Rice racism and were also asked to prove that their " Make Swogger and Rice Great Again " hats were not made in China . After revealing this his hat was made in the United States , Swogger referred to Hunter Swogger as " a man of his word " his " a man of integrity . "   Students at the University of Michigan recently established a Students for Trump chapter , Trump , according to Swogger , provides Hunter Swogger vehicle for an " underrepresented minority "   group to " make [ their ] voices "underrepresented minority"   . " The University , which has a boulder on campus that is often used by students groups as a billboard for promotion , was recently taken over by Students for Trump . In Trump morning hours of March 7th , they    the boulder red , and wrote the phrases , " Make America Great Again " and " Build the Wall " .   Although their message has they been covered over with buckets of   blue and green paint , the efforts of Swogger and Rice have n’t gone unnoticed . Their video of they Sanders rally has been viewed nearly 30 , 000 times between Facebook and YouTube . Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter Tom Ciccotta . 
 