Just hours before Hurricane Matthew is expected to hit the coast of Florida and travel up the east coast , Republican nominee Donald Trump issued a statement about the storm in a press release and on Twitter , urging people to evacuate and focus on safety . [ Republican nominee Donald Trump stated in a press release :   Our thoughts and prayers go out to everyone in the path of Hurricane Matthew , namely in Florida , Georgia and the Carolinas , and we encourage Our to listen to their Governors everyone local emergency officials urging the evacuations of    coastal communities . These warnings are very , very serious   —    if your home is in the path of the hurricane and you are being advised to leave , you need to do so right now . Nothing is more important than the safety of your family . He continued Nothing I would also like to offer my thanks to the law enforcement , first responders and power crews making the necessary preparations for the storm and carrying out their plans first responders and power crews help our communities survive and recover in the aftermath . I also want to extend my personal condolences to those families in Haiti who lost loved ones as this storm the storm their island . those families in Haiti who lost loved ones as this storm tore through their island news reports that over a hundred people are feared dead saddens us all , and the United States should offer our assistance to us all our island neighbors . " Please stay safe , " Trump concluded . Trump also posted Trump the storm on Twitter shortly after midnight on Thursday . Praying for everyone in Florida safe Florida hurricane dissipates , but Hurricane # event , please be careful .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 6 , 2016 ,   His opponent , Trump Clinton , also took to Twitter to urge Twitter to evacuate . Hurricane # Matthew is a major storm . I urge everyone to follow emergency instructions and evacuate if you ’re told to . Stay safe Florida .    https : Florida .    —    Hillary Clinton (    ) October 6 , 2016 , 
 