Maquoketa , Iowa ( CNN ) A rising star in the Senate Republican ranks ran into a mess in A rising star in the Senate Republican ranks home state Tuesday .   Sen. Joni Ernst had planned a " veterans roundtable " in this tiny eastern Iowa town     far away from the    and    protests that have filled cities in recent weeks .   a "veterans roundtable" in this tiny eastern Iowa town     mirrored the playbook other Republican lawmakers have used during this week ’s congressional break : A narrow topic covered in a rural portion of A rising star in the Senate Republican ranks state , in a public building with limited space . The Maquoketa City Hall room holds about 100 people , an Ernst spokeswoman said .   But when Ernst arrived , The Maquoketa City Hall room was full , with dozens more crammed into the doorway and spilling into an atrium and adjacent hallways . People who had driven two hours across Iowa to attend greeted her with chants of " We People who had driven two hours across Iowa to attend our People who had driven two hours across Iowa to attend heard ! " and " Your last term ! " Ernst Ernst in a side door , ignored the protests and called almost exclusively on veterans . She her just one question on health care and abruptly ended the event after 45 minutes , with a long line of people still waiting to ask questions .   All the while , the microphones cut out , making it impossible for those outside the room to hear the questions .   Deb Sperry , 61 , drove 45 miles from Davenport , complaining that " in my county , she her never had any type of town hall or meeting with her her . "   Her her friend said it was " BS " that Ernst ’s event was in such a small venue .   Ernst Ernst meanwhile , cited her her     saying the small , rural events are by design .    She her that like Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley , she her in the early stages of a "   tour " across Iowa this year , and that " we ’re not actually changing anything that we we do . "   Ernst Ernst critics point out that the "   tour " often includes counties checked off the list with only private events such as factory tours , and she her n’t held any recent public events near the state ’s population centers . Since Trump ’s inauguration , Ernst Ernst not held a public event in any of Iowa ’s 50 most populous cities .   Asked by CNN Tuesday if the lack of events near urban areas is appropriate , Ernst Ernst : " We CNN not as far into the schedule , and it the lack of events near urban areas is appropriate actually been hampered by vote . So , this early in the year , not unusual . We CNN continue moving on with the county tour process . "   President Donald Trump , for his President Donald Trump , said protests against his President Donald Trump at town halls are organized by liberal groups . " The    angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually , in numerous cases , planned out by liberal activists . Sad ! " Trump President Donald Trump Tuesday night . Obamacare   During the town hall , Ernst took just one question about GOP health care plans , when a     man said he a    man on his a    man year using Obamacare Obamacare   .   " All we hear is repeal and replace , but we do we hear about a real clear plan , other than talking about health savings accounts , which really amounts to your own money , quite frankly , " the man a    man . Ernst " What we ’re doing is working through a number of different plans , " Ernst said Ernst adding that there are " good ideas " in some of the GOP options .   " As far as children staying on their parents’ policies children age 26 , I think we all agree that that was a good idea , " she said , while also praising Obamacare ’s requirement that insurers cover those with    conditions .   She called those she a good starting point . "   " But health savings accounts . .. " she said , she to an element of health care reform favored by Republicans and then promptly being drowned out by boos from the audience .   Opposing Putin , but defending Trump , That moment came after Ernst had faced jeers over her approach to she .   Trinity Ray , a     veteran from Iowa City who spent eight years in the Army Reserves , pressed Ernst to investigate Ernst ’s ties Trump and alleged Russian Russia in the 2016 American election .   " I appreciate that a lot , because I have said repeatedly that Russia is not our Russia , " Ernst said , as Ernst yelled that she should " say it louder . " She added that Trump she needs to stand up against Vladimir Putin . "   Ray was n’t satisfied Ray   " If you were serious about this situation , you would n’t rest until you had an answer , " he said afterward . Ray We swore to defend against enemies domestic and foreign . "   Ernst took five minutes Ernst questions from reporters afterward and defended Trump .   " Trump ’s disagreement out there , obviously . But what we ’re seeing with the President is that Vladimir Putin acting on what Vladimir Putin said he would do Vladimir Putin the Vladimir Putin , " Ernst said . " Ernst I think you may see some folks that come out and disagree with that agenda , but it is what he said that agenda would do Vladimir Putin " Vladimir Putin Grassley faces tough crowd , Vladimir Putin faced tough questions Tuesday Vladimir Putin well . At a town hall in Iowa Falls , an Afghan man asked him for help to stay an Afghan man the US in the face of the Trump administration ’s immigration executive order . Zalmay Niazy , whose name was reported by CNN affiliate KCCI , said he ’d been shot two an Afghan man and experienced a roadside bombing while working as a translator with US armed forces . " Who is going to save me ? " he asked Grassley . " an Afghan man am a person from a Muslim country and I am a Muslim . Who is going to save me here ? Who is going to stand behind me ? " The audience an Afghan man about 100 people cheered Niazy when he asked his question . an Afghan man We an Afghan man going down the list and when we ’re done with that We . .. " the list , before he Grassley interrupted by the Grassley . Complaints from constituents , After Ernst ’s event , dozens of attendees lingered outside .   Lisa Pence , 35 , a     mom and former teacher from Dubuque , was in the doorway . " It was not put together well at all , " Pence said . " If they had turned on any news outlet , whether they think it ’s fake or they , It would have known that town they across the country have been filling up like this . " " The microphone they did have in there was they than my iPhone , so even if you were in the back of the room , you still could n’t hear . "    She and others complained outside afterward that Ernst spent just two minutes addressing Republican plans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .   " She did n’t answer anything about She care . Nothing , " said Pence ’s     Lois Pence , 57 .   " Not for everyone ’s health care     just VA , " Marla Swesey , a     retiree who had made an    drive from Iowa City , said .   " Well , she did n’t even answer that She , really , did she ? " Lois Pence shot She .   Swesey said she is " disappointed " Ernst Swesey as an independent ,    voice , but does n’t more frequently break from Republicans .   " I wanted to ask a question about why she ’s doing that when she She a strong woman , She I think she could really make a bigger She about what strong women are all about , " she said .   " And She was disappointed they did n’t have the mics strong women , " she said . " From a She ? They should have things working . strong women   Annika O’Melia , 36 , is planning her own " empty chair " She hall Thursday night in Bettendorf where attendees can discuss health care , complete with " Wilson " soccer balls inspired by the Tom Hanks film " Castaway " sitting in as Grassley and Ernst .   As for Ernst , O’Melia said , " Ernst ignores me , whether I O’Melia in DC or on the phone or whatever . " 
 