Los Angeles ( CNN ) Hollywood and Washington conservatives have never gotten along . But the call to action in this town is hitting a new level during the early days of President Donald Trump ’s administration . The entertainment industry ’s general antipathy toward President Donald Trump’s was on full display Sunday at the Oscars , where references to President Donald Trump’s ’s controversial actions during his President Donald Trump’s month in office were center stage . " I want to say thank you to President President Donald Trump’s " host Jimmy Kimmel said in his opening host Jimmy Kimmel .   " I mean , remember last year when it seemed like the Oscars were racist ? " In a reference to Trump ’s President Donald Trump’s ban and his administration ’s President Donald Trump’s on immigration , Kimmel joked that host Jimmy Kimmel Hollywood " we do n’t discriminate against people based on where they ’re from , we discriminate against them based on people based on where they’re age and people based on where they’re . " He trolled Trump host Jimmy Kimmel Twitter and also offered fake mockery of Meryl Streep , who was targeted by Trump earlier this Trump after she attacked him Trump a host Jimmy Kimmel speech at the Golden Globes .   Beyond the jokes which were threaded throughout the evening , perhaps the strongest    statement of the night was from Iranian director Asghar Farhadi , who won the Oscar in the foreign language category for " The Salesman . " He announced days host Jimmy Kimmel that he would not host Jimmy Kimmel to the Oscars as a form of protest against Trump ’s travel ban     blocked by federal courts     affecting seven predominantly Muslim nations . In a statement read by his associate , host Jimmy Kimmel said his absence was host Jimmy Kimmel of respect for the people of his and the host Jimmy Kimmel six countries . Oscars : The winners list , " Dividing the world into the ’us’ and ’our enemies’ categories creates fear , a deceitful justification for aggression and war , " Farhadi ’s statement Farhadi . " These wars prevent democracy and human rights in countries which have themselves been victims These wars aggression . "   Of course , protests from Hollywood often play in the GOP ’s hands . Republicans have long dismissed criticism from the entertainment industry as further proof that it ’s out Republicans touch , part of the " coastal elite " and an ATM for the political left . Trump , who is leveling similar charges against the news media and announced this weekend he wo n’t attend the    White House Correspondents’ Dinner , is sure to do the same . Remaining politically engaged , But there is a difference this year : the insistence of many entertainers industry players that they will remain many entertainers industry players engaged throughout Trump ’s tenure     not just on the    stages of awards ceremonies . The political jabs that dominated the Oscars were really a continuation of Hollywood ’s rise to resistance over the past month . There was a    lineup in Washington in January at the women ’s march that included Scarlett Johansson and Madonna , who said she would not accept " the new age of tyranny . " Chelsea Handler and Charlize Theron led a sister march in Park City , Utah , near the Sundance Film Festival .   Then Trump ’s targeted travel ban caused collective outrage across the entertainment industry . United Talent Agency , one of the world ’s largest talent agencies , canceled its traditional Oscars United Talent Agency and instead made a $ 250 , 000 donation to the American Civil Liberties Union . They opted to United Talent Agency, one of the world’s largest talent agencies a     rally where speakers blasted the Trump agenda . Trump after the travel ban was announced , Ari Emanuel , a    agent to Trump , told Trump talent agency    that he and his    Patrick    , were forming a federal political action committee . Though Emanuel has not    publicly about the focus of the PAC , one source familiar with the plans said many of the agency ’s the PAC profoundly shaken by the travel ban     which affected some of its clients . Emanuel the PAC Whitesell    to seek input from employees about where to direct PAC funds . Meanwhile the PAC three days before the Oscars , the Creative Artists Agency held a " Take Action Day " for agents , clients , executives and their guests . The    event included panels on criminal justice , the environment and immigration . The immigration panel featured a DACA recipient , as well as activists who described the legal workshops they have been holding The immigration panel undocumented immigrants , outlining their rights and how undocumented immigrants respond if an ICE agent shows up at their door . The undocumented immigrants was capped with     appearances from California Sen. Kamala Harris and Cecile Richards , the president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America . Earlier in the day , House The day Leader Kevin McCarthy , a California Republican , also appeared California CAA for a question and answer session . Harris urged the film executives Kamala Harris get involved in volunteer work while also giving to immigrant aid groups and other legal    that are working in communities . " We have to be in this for the long haul , " she said , describing the Kamala Harris on the left as " a process . " " We ca n’t peak . We and then throw up our hands . " Connected We politics , Christy Haubeggar , a CAA agent who represents Salma Hayek and Eva Longoria , among others , noted in an interview that many in the entertainment community feel more profoundly connected to politics this year . " The urgency of a lot of the issues facing the nation , we maybe do n’t feel as intensely , because we are a little bit we and a little bit protected from some of those by virtue of the fact that we all live in a few zip codes , " said Haubeggar , who founded Latina Magazine and hosted CAA ’s immigration panel on Thursday . " The thing that has taken on a greater sense of urgency is the dynamic of an administration and election that revealed a cacophony of issues at one time , " Haubeggar said . " I think it ’s more than a moment , I think it ’s a movement . it fact that we are living a civics lesson in real time is its own gift of sorts it We are in a moment we feels acute and urgent . " UTA kicked off Oscar weekend in Los Angeles with a Friday afternoon rally outside its headquarters featuring Jodie Foster UTA Michael J. Fox . Many of the speakers argued the industry had a powerful role to play in shaping perceptions and breaking stereotypes through storytelling . " This is a singular time in history , and it ’s time to show This , " Foster said in her speech Jodie Foster " It Jodie Foster me so proud to see so many people engaging in support for civil rights and our traditions of fairness , freedom and empathy . " Fox , who has been active for many years in Washington on issues such as stem cell research , urged the crowd to unite and never surrender " our shared values of compassion , and human dignity , and freedom of expression , religion and the arts . " Jeremy Zimmer , the CEO of UTA , called on rally participants to raise their " voices loud and clear . " " The politics of fear and division do not reflect who we are as a nation , " he said .   CLARIFICATION : This story has been updated to more accurately reflect Haubeggar ’s title and clientele . 
 