WASHINGTON   —    Senator Tim Kaine ’s    office is much as Senator Tim Kaine left office , with a minifridge full of    hummus and an iPod playlist heavy on bluegrass and classic rock . The trademark harmonicas have been holstered , at least for now , Senator Tim Kaine audience shrinking from a spellbound national electorate to a spirited weekday gathering of the Virginia Chamber of Commerce . And Senator Tim Kaine campaign plane ? It was repurposed this past week to deliver the United States men ’s soccer team to a match in Costa Rica , with only one lingering reminder   —    an H on the tail   —    of the first female presidential nominee for a major party in American history and the affable      running mate who traveled the country making her case . " I like feet on the ground , " Mr. Kaine said with a smile this past week , suggesting Mr. Kaine was not dwelling on the trappings of temporary fame . Mr. Kaine boarded an elevator in the basement of the Capitol , nowhere to go but up . Such is Mr. Kaine view from the great election comedown of 2016 : that quadrennial moment of humility , electoral grieving and reverse culture shock , foisted upon members of the losing ticket as they resume electoral grieving and reverse culture shock glamorous public lives . Secret Service agents are reassigned . Media scrums migrate elsewhere . The junior senator from Virginia is , as it turns out , a heartbeat away from very little . Yet as Mr. Kaine and his party seek to regain their bearings Mr. Kaine and his party a stunning loss , he has his at least one task for himself in his interim : taking his place his as necessary , in the wall of opposition to    Donald J. Trump . " The Democratic Senate minority is about the only emergency brake there is on the train right now , " Mr. Kaine his past week , adding that the levers of obstruction must be used " judiciously . " " To avoid a disaster , " he added . his You use it to avoid something really bad for the country . " Though fellow Democrats , including aides to Hillary Clinton , have long trumpeted Mr. Kaine ’s his multiple constituencies   —    given his fluency in Spanish his genial manner and eloquence on matters of faith   —    his role in the his ’s    future is unclear . Progressive activists have emerged from the election with a conviction that new voices must be elevated . Mr. Kaine , who is up for    in 2018 , said that he would not seek the presidency or vice presidency in 2020 . Liberal stars like Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont have delivered stern , rousing addresses about the way forward . No one is clamoring for a Tim Kaine revolution . But as Senate Democrats gird for bruising policy squabbles and confirmation hearings in a Trump administration , they are expected to Senate Democrats gird for bruising policy squabbles and confirmation hearings in a Trump administration to Mr. Kaine with particular Tim Kaine foreign affairs . A member of the Foreign Relations and Armed Services committees , from a state with a major military presence , Mr. Kaine has made foreign Tim Kaine priority of his first term in the Senate Tim Kaine He has seized especially the issue Tim Kaine war powers , breaking with President Obama by calling for Congress to provide authorization for military action against the Islamic State . Among his arguments , as he sought Tim Kaine galvanize Democrats : Tim Kaine is no telling who might be president down the line . " With Trump ’s maybe erratic foreign policy , his leadership is more important , Tim Kaine Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio said of Mr. Kaine . " I mean , we were sad to lose him , " he added , Mr. Kaine to Mr. Mr. Kaine ’s    prospects in Mr. Kaine branch . " But we wanted to lose him , obviously we " Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine purpose in recent days Mr. Kaine at times more therapeutic than strategic . With emotions still raw , he supplied a measure of catharsis for devastated Mr. Kaine as he introduced Mrs. Clinton before her concession speech Mr. Kaine He said what Mrs. Mrs. Clinton chose not to Mr. Kaine —    Mrs. Clinton had won the popular vote   —    Mrs. Clinton that the party ’s ideals remained resonant despite the outcome . And he channeled William Faulkner to appraise the collective Mr. Kaine psyche . " They killed us , " Mr. Kaine said , " but they ai Mr. Kaine us yet . " Among losing They mates through the us , soul searching has assumed different forms . After the Republican ticket ’s defeat in 1976 , Hubert H. Humphrey tried to lift the spirits of his despondent friend , Bob Dole , the party ’s Hubert H. Humphrey nominee , with an ice cream outing . After a loss in 1980 , former Vice President Walter Mondale went on to be Democrats’ nominee for president in 1984 , and lost 49 states to Ronald Reagan . Sarah Palin announced her resignation as Alaska governor eight months after she and Sarah Palin John McCain lost the 2008 election . Sarah Palin Kaine , who has communicated occasionally with Mrs. Clinton since the defeat , is accustomed to jarring Sarah Palin He recalled the day of his successor ’s inauguration as governor of Virginia in 2010 . He They take you home , and they drop you off and then they drive away , " They said . " I had They same feeling this time He Shaking hands with everybody was very emotional , but watching the cars drive away , I had an immense feeling of relief . " His most    turn , a debate with Vice    Mike He , attracted a smattering of critics , who chafed at his repeated interruptions of his opponent onstage . Mostly though , He Kaine cultivated an He image during the campaign , introducing He viewers to his assemblage of harmonicas , which remain in his briefcase , and He voters to choose a " you ’re He " president instead of a " you ’re fired " president . He often took the stage with a flurry of      gesticulations , He a    coach flashing signals , proving proficient at vigorous fist pumps and seemingly indiscriminate   . He once described life as a    nominee , playfully , as He " kidnapped . " " The entourage felt cool on occasion , " he said this past week , " but it was never me He So this is more me . " Senator Benjamin L. Cardin , Democrat of Maryland , said he expected Mr. Cardin very   He colleague he had come to know before the election . Mr. Cardin did He a measure of concern about Mr. Kaine ’s    health . " He ’s tired , " Mr. Cardin said . " He needs to gain a little weight back . Mr. Kaine lost too much weight Mr. Cardin he ’ll get back Mr. Kaine his fighting weight . " 
 Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine Mr. Kaine 