During an event scheduled as a part of " Whiteness History Month " at Portland Community College , a woman was ejected by a man in a " Black Power " shirt for challenging a lecturer that claimed that " Donald Trump is racist . " [ The woman , who is not a student at the college , claims that a woman decided to challenge the speaker after the lecture moved in an    direction . After the speaker made claims of Donald Trump ’s racism , a woman politely told the speaker that the speaker a woman seen black people speaking at Trump events . "    After challenging the speaker , the the speaker several people in the room were upset . " A woman sitting beside me decided to question me with the intent of having me thrown out of the meeting , " claiming that she was " upsetting " people A woman sitting beside me " creating a bad vibe , " the woman a woman independent journalist on campus . She told the a woman journalist that she believes the an independent journalist on campus double standard for   : " If white people did this , all three local news stations would be down here recording it . " The independent journalist , who posts this on the YouTube Channel " Laughing at Liberals , " challenged several individuals running the " Whiteness History Month " event . A man in a " Black Power " shirt asked a police officer to remove the journalist because he was n’t " bringing the The independent journalist, who posts videos on the YouTube Channel "Laughing at Liberals," . " A man in a "Black Power" shirt officer told him that " this is a public a police officer everybody A man in a "Black Power" shirt the right to be here , " and that he has the right to " videotape the events taking place a police officer " Although she acknowledged that he had the right to film in a public place , a police officer    employee of the college asked the journalist to leave campus . She accused him repeatedly of " hurting people " and " she telling the journalist truth . " " I was a little intimidated and a little scared if I were to actually go into that room , " the independent journalist told The College Fix , a news outlet the journalist . " You can see in a couple shots [ in his video ] that there are actual militant Black Panthers in that room the journalist " Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity that room . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or on Facebook . You can email him at the journalist . com 
 the journalist 