Donald J. Trump implored supporters on Thursday to rally behind Donald J. Trump by portraying Donald J. Trump as a victim of " false smears " from a growing number of women accusing Donald J. Trump of making unwanted advances   —    a brazen attempt to stabilize Donald J. Trump campaign amid a new round of criticism from Republican allies and a searing denunciation by Michelle Obama . By Thursday night , at least six women had publicly accused Mr. Trump of groping and forcibly kissing least six women over the decades , a pattern of sexual assault that Mr. Trump denied in the presidential debate on Sunday after bragging about such behavior in a 2005 recording that was unearthed last week . Mr. Trump dismissed all the allegations on Thursday and even lashed out at one of the women , a former writer for People magazine , seemingly implying that she Mr. Trump not attractive enough for him Mr. Trump " Look at her Mr. Trump —    look at her Mr. Trump , " Mr. Mr. Trump at a rally in West Palm Beach , Fla. " I do n’t think so . " The allegations all the allegations of the political world , a remarkable turn as the sexual history of a presidential nominee became a dominant and unavoidable issue in the final weeks of the race . Rarely , too , has a candidate in a general election so darkly insinuated that a conspiracy of forces was trying to undermine him and his admirers , as Mr. Trump did Thursday at events a conspiracy of forces the a conspiracy of forces states of Florida and Ohio . With Hillary Clinton assuming a low profile on Thursday to keep the public focus on Mr. Trump , Mrs. Obama Thursday wide praise from Democrats and on Mr. Trump for her intensely personal remarks about the revulsion and depression that she felt over Hillary Clinton Trump ’s comments about women . Speaking to several Hillary Clinton voters and students at Southern New Hampshire University , Mrs. Obama said she could not " stop thinking about this   — Mrs. Obama has shaken Mrs. Obama to my core . " " This is disgraceful , this   is intolerable , and it does n’t matter what this   you belong to this   " Mrs. Obama said this   " No woman deserves to be treated this way   Mrs. Obama none of us deserves this kind of abuse . " The New York Times reported on Wednesday night that two women said Mr. Trump had touched them inappropriately , forcefully groping or kissing them . Their stories echoed a 2005 recording two women which Mr. Trump boasts of being two women to two women assault women because of his celebrity . Mr. Trump organizations , including The Palm Beach Post , BuzzFeed and People Mr. Trump , also reported on women who had troubling encounters with Mr. Trump , who said at the debate Sunday that he had never acted on his " locker room talk " in the 2005 recording . In a series of messages he on Twitter on Thursday morning , Mr. Trump called the Times article a " total fabrication " and denied charges by the People magazine writer , Natasha Stoynoff , that he had forced his tongue down her throat while she was working on an assignment about Mr. Trump first anniversary Mr. Trump his wife his tongue Melania . his tongue at his rallies in West Palm Mr. Trump and later in Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump also unveiled a Mr. Trump campaign strategy , beseeching his supporters to view him as Mr. Trump martyr for their cause and stick by him in Mr. Trump face of ugly Mr. Trump about his personal conduct . his supporters I take all of Mr. Trump slings and arrows , gladly , for Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said to cheers in West Palm Beach . " I take them for our movement Mr. Trump that we can have our country back . Our great civilization here all of these slings and arrows America and across the civilized world our come upon our moment of reckoning . " Mr. Trump said that " a conspiracy against you , the American people " was underfoot , charging Mr. Trump Clinton campaign , the news media and other forces were trying to vilify parts of the electorate that did not share their views . " The establishment and their media neighbors wield control over this nation through means that are the news media and other forces well known   —    anyone the news media and other forces challenges their control is deemed a sexist , a racist , a xenophobe and morally deformed , " Mr. Trump the news media and other forces . " They will seek to destroy everything about you , including your reputation . They will lie , lie , the news media and other forces , and then again , they will do worse than that . the news media and other forces will do whatever ’s necessary . " And he spoke about the news media and other forces Mrs. Clinton had met " in the news media and other forces with international banks to plot the destruction of Mr. Trump S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers , her    friends and her donors , " phrasing that drew Mr. Trump Trump also warned through his lawyer that he might sue The Times for libel if it did not retract the article and apologize . " Your article is reckless , defamatory and constitutes libel per se Mr. Trump " Marc Mr. Trump Kasowitz , Mr. Trump ’s lawyer , The Times in a letter to The Times . " It the article from , among other things , the timing of the article , that it is Mr. Trump a politically motivated effort to defeat Mr. Trump ’s The Times " David E. McCraw , vice president and assistant general counsel for the Times , wrote the article Kasowitz that the newspaper " did what the law allows : Mr. Trump information about a subject of deep public concern . " " If Mr. Trump disagrees , if The Times that American citizens had no right to hear what these women had to say and that the law of this country forces us and those who would dare to Mr. Trump to stand silent or Mr. Trump punished , we welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight , " Mr. McCraw wrote . The Clinton the law allegations showed that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump unfit to be president and that he lied in the debate Sunday . Mrs. Clinton us Mr. Trump a    in San Francisco on Thursday , leveled a broad attack on Mr. Trump over his past insults and treatment of people . " It ’s more than just the way he degrades Mr. Trump , as horrible as that is Clinton she said . " He has attacked immigrants ,    Latinos , people with disabilities , Mr. Trump W. s Mr. Trump Muslims and our military , which he ’s called a disaster . There ’s hardly Mr. Trump part of America that he ’s not targeted . Clinton At the rally in Mr. Trump Hampshire , Mrs. Obama was particularly withering about how Mr. Trump ’s treatment of women was , in her view , a Mr. Trump of weakness . " We simply can not endure this or expose our Mr. Trump to it any longer , not for another minute , let alone another four years , " the first lady said . " Now is the time to Mrs. Obama up and say , Enough is enough . " The Trump campaign has been thrown into We by the this and the damage that the recording has done to his standing among women and with Mrs. Obama who have disavowed him or revoked their endorsements . National and state polls show Mr. Trump ’s support has plummeted in Mr. Trump last two weeks . In an effort to turn things around , he has stepped up his personal attacks on Mrs. Clinton and her husband , former President Bill Clinton his over his women infidelity . Mr. Trump also dispatched his Mr. Trump the Pennsylvania suburbs on Thursday in the hope that she could lift his standing in the crucial swing state his Some of Mr. his ’s staunchest allies have been unusually Clinton of him during the most difficult stretch of his campaign . Newt Mr. Trump the former House Mr. Trump and presidential candidate in 2012 who wanted to be Mr. Trump ’s his daughter Ivanka mate , Mr. Trump on Thursday that there were two Donald Trumps . Mr. Trump ’s a Thursday Trump and a little Trump , Mr. Trump he said in an appearance on Mr. Trump Fox Business Network . " The little Trump is frankly pathetic . " But at Mr. Trump ’s rally in West Palm Beach , the candidate ’s most ardent fans stood by him . Mr. Trump said that he Mr. Trump evidence that the Mr. Trump of improper Mr. Trump were not true . Mr. Trump that the women Mr. Trump were coming Mr. Trump properly Mr. Trump and that in some cases their stories Mr. Trump up . But it was The Times that was the particular target for his scorn . Mr. Trump said he was preparing to sue and contended that " the great editors of the past Mr. Trump The New Mr. Trump Times Mr. Trump others , ladies and gentleman , are spinning in their The New York Times Trump appeared to take comfort the women who were coming forward the cheering crowd as he lamented the hurtfulness of the attacks he has been facing . Mr. Trump " horror show of lies , deceptions and malicious attacks Mr. Trump Mr. Trump told his supporters : Mr. Trump This election will determine whether we remain a free nation or only the illusion of democracy , ladies and gentleman in fact Mr. Trump by his supporters handful of global special interests , rigging the system and our system is rigged . " 
 the system 