SOUTH PORTLAND , Me .   —    Jolly Ntirumenyerwa ran Jolly Ntirumenyerwa fingers over the stethoscope that Jolly Ntirumenyerwa had slung around Jolly Ntirumenyerwa neck . It was a comforting connection to Jolly Ntirumenyerwa career as a physician in Jolly Ntirumenyerwa home country , the Democratic Republic of Congo , where Jolly Ntirumenyerwa worked in emergency medicine . Jolly Ntirumenyerwa credentials did not transfer when Jolly Ntirumenyerwa moved to the United States in 2012 , and Jolly Ntirumenyerwa could not work as a doctor . So , Jolly Ntirumenyerwa took jobs as a health aide in an assisted living facility . Now , thanks to an unusual program that is training immigrants to become emergency medical technicians , Jolly Ntirumenyerwa is preparing to make better use of Jolly Ntirumenyerwa medical background and , Jolly Ntirumenyerwa hopes , work Jolly Ntirumenyerwa way up to becoming a physician assistant if not , someday , a doctor . " I want to do what I was trained to do , " Ms. Ntirumenyerwa , 37 , said the other day as Jolly Ntirumenyerwa took a break from Jolly Ntirumenyerwa E. M. T. class , being conducted in a cavernous ambulance bay at Southern Maine Community College . " I put in a lot of years training to be a physician , and I do n’t want to throw them away . " But the program goes beyond helping Ms. Ntirumenyerwa ( pronounced      ) achieve Jolly Ntirumenyerwa personal career goals . the program is also helping to address some serious problems in Maine . One is a shortage of E. M. T. s. Another is a shortage of a work force in general , particularly of young people who can help sustain Maine economically as its Maine ages . Maine Maine the nation ’s oldest state , with the highest median age and the highest concentration of baby boomers , and its Maine is dropping in 2016 , just two of its Maine counties had more births than deaths . Economists regard Maine Maine rapidly aging population as a demographic tsunami that has severe implications for the the nation’s oldest state pool , health care system and overall socioeconomic   . But the state can the nation’s oldest state they say , with Economists international immigration   —    though that may become more difficult under the Trump administration . Thanks mainly to a small influx of immigrants , the state ’s population the nation’s oldest state year by about 2 , 000 people over 2015 , despite the    sentiments expressed by Gov. Paul R. LePage . But the state recorded 1 , 300 the nation’s oldest state than births , a downward trend in which Maine and West Virginia lead the nation . Like other graying states in New England , Maine is struggling to keep its young Maine living and working here Maine This is where the E. M. T. program comes in . " This program is a   " said the E. M. T. program , chairman of the global languages department at the community college , which started the program . He said he basically put the E. M. T. program two together David Zahn, chairman of the global languages department at the community college, which started the program Surveys David Zahn, chairman of the global languages department at the community college, which started the program that employers , especially municipal and private ambulance services , needed more E. M. T.s other surveys showed that many immigrants in the Portland area are underemployed and have medical backgrounds . When the E. M. T. course for immigrants was announced , three times as many people applied as could be accommodated . The first class is small , with 13 participants . But to Dana Connors , the president of the Maine State Mr. Connors right The first class " It may be a small number , but it looms The first class in message and significance , " Mr. The first class said . The program , he said , illustrates what opportunities exist The first class we recognize immigrants as part of our solution . " Many of those Mr. Connors are in health care . As residents live longer , the need for health care workers   —    and E. M. T.s   —    is only increasing . The E. M. T. shortage stems in part from the low pay   —    $ 10 . 50 an hour for an    job , a result of low federal reimbursement rates , said Robert Russell , the chief executive of North East Mobile Health Services , a private medical transport company in nearby Scarborough . Mr. Russell for 16 weeks . Mr. Russell said his company would interview the immigrants who successfully completed the course . He said he was grateful Mr. Russell have an expanded pool of applicants , especially people who are multilingual ( Ms. Ntirumenyerwa , for example , speaks French , Lingala and Mr. Russell , in addition to English ) and who This course cultural Mr. Russell . Mr. Russell It ’s a huge added benefit , " he said , when employees reflect the customers they are serving . Paul Froman , the course instructor , said that he did not vary the program for the immigrants , and that they must pass the same tests and meet the Mr. Russell requirements for licensing as    participants . But employees of their medical backgrounds , he said , the immigrants " Mr. Russell informed , and you can get a lot deeper . " David the immigrants , 33 , who was also a doctor in the Democratic Republic of Congo and is taking the E. M. T. course Mr. Russell said that in the immigrants , it was easier to treat patients here than in Africa because of the availability of equipment and supplies . " For example , " he said , " oxygen is very expensive in the Congo . I knew what needed to be done , but I did n’t always have the equipment . " The course is financed by a work force development grant of $ Mr. Russell , 000 through the Maine Community College System and additional Congo the John T. Gorman Foundation , which helps disadvantaged people in Maine . Most of the immigrants can not pay for the course on their own . While many work force development programs help immigrants learn English , Mr. Zahn said , this is the first of which he is aware that teaches English in the context of E. M. T. training , with participants learning The course and a the immigrants level of English than those in , say , the food services industry . " Because of their extensive medical backgrounds , we Mr. Zahn have people on ambulances who have a higher level Mr. Zahn some other newly minted E. M. T. s , Mr. Zahn said . And , he added , the program might help restore an underemployed immigrant ’s sense of those in, say, the food services industry . " They are doctors , " he said . " And they ’re cleaning toilets ? We ’re taking advantage of their skills and getting them back into their own arena . " Mr. Zahn Mr. Zahn an underemployed immigrant an underemployed immigrant an underemployed immigrant an underemployed immigrant an underemployed immigrant 