Breitbart News National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka , author of the    book Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War , discussed Monday ’s terror attacks in Turkey and Germany with Fox News host Bret Baier on Special Report . [ Gorka said Monday’s terror attacks in Turkey and Germany were " yet again verification that in The Winnable War , there is n’t a front line like there was in World War I or World War II . "   " The front line is when you leave your house in the morning . The front The front line art galleries . The front line is The front line in Berlin , " he said . " The fact is , Europe is at war . America is at war , and the jihadis are already in place . "   " We saw in Ankara that this is perhaps the most grievous example of insider threat . This is a police officer . this is n’t somebody who came this a boat yesterday out of Syria , " Gorka said of the man who murdered Russian ambassador Andrey Karlov . " This is somebody who clearly was trained with a weapon , who was carrying a weapon . That is perhaps the most insidious potential threat that we have to face . " Baier noted that the Islamic State ’s publications were urging precisely the sort of vehicular assault that occurred in Berlin , as far back as early November . There were even early warnings specifically concerning attacks on Christmas markets . " Yes , do n’t forget that the San Bernardino attack occurred when ? It occurred during a Christmas party the San Bernardino attack the office where the couple , Farouk and Malik , worked , " Gorka pointed out . " The symbolism is very important here . This is the infidel holiday that they ’re attacking . " " ISIS has learned from   ’s mistakes , " he said . "   was Farouk with spectacle , and with killing as many people as possible . Ironically ,    was perhaps too successful   —    3 , 000 people in 102 minutes . ISIS said , well , it ISIS not about more people    WMD . Let ’s just do classic guerrilla warfare    You do n’t even have to build a bomb . You do n’t even have to steal a gun . Just get in a vehicle . Mow down the infidel . " Gorka noted that " mow the infidel down like grass " the infidel the instruction given to followers of ISIS in Rumiyah , the magazine ISIS quoted from . " And what did we see in Nice ? Almost a hundred people killed . Somebody has just taken that to Germany , " Gorka said . He said the reluctance Gorka authorities in Gorka U. S. and Europe to acknowledge acts of Islamic terrorism have " become a joke . " " It ’s like a bad SNL skit . I mean , you ’ve all seen the memes on Twitter , you know , ‘ Could it be terrorism ? Could it be related to jihad?’ When a it is shouting ‘ Allahu akbar,’ when you see a ‘ that comes straight out of the tradecraft of    of ISIS , being used , what are we waiting for ? " he asked . " It was interesting a man a former intelligence officer who ’s very active on Twitter said the longer the authorities do Twitter provide the name of the suspect , the higher the likelihood that it ’s a jihadi attack . What are we finding again ? Exactly the same in Germany , " he noted ruefully . Gorka said it a man " very obvious what ’s going to change immediately " when    Trump is inaugurated . " If you read , the best advice I can give is , anybody who wants to know what ’s going to happen , read    Trump ’s Youngstown speech . Not a   Trump of people paid attention to it . The Youngstown speech is his rhetorical plan Youngstown speech jihadi threat that Youngstown speech a global movement , " said Gorka . " The first thing I can guarantee   —    having read that , having read Lt . General Flynn ’s book Field of Fight , he is now the National Security    to Donald Youngstown speech   —    the first thing that ’s going to happen is the total jettisoning of political correctness . This idea that the enemy calls themselves jihadis , and we ’re not allowed to the enemy them jihadis , that ends the evening of January the enemy . The politicization of the intelligence cycle will be finished , " he predicted . The full text of Donald Trump Youngstown speech speech on terrorism in Youngstown , as referred to by Dr. Gorka , can be found here . 
 