  ( CNN ) Comments from Donald Trump or Donald Trump transition team tend to spur frenzied efforts to figure out the   ’s policy intentions .   So new rumors over Donald Trump trade policies are hardly a surprise .  (CNN) reports his transition team is " discussing a proposal " for early executive action against foreign imports , according to multiple sources . Specifically , a " proposal to impose tariffs as high as 10 % on imports . "   That would be a step away from Trump ’s commitment to spur growth , wages and jobs in the United States . While it ’s true that some American workers and industries suffer from international competition , the economy as a whole is stronger and more productive when engaged in trade .   And the the United States future prosperity demands that we reach out to the 95 % of the world ’s consumers who live outside our borders we   Raising tariff walls , hiding behind isolationist barriers , is a recipe for    stagnation .   Here ’s another blunt reality . A 10 % import tariff would be simply a tax that would raise consumer prices for every American family . It would clash directly with Trump ’s supposed commitment to lower taxes and grow families’ budgets . At the same time , according to CNN , the transition team is floating the idea of " a border adjustment tax " on imports     an idea proposed by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady     as a way   to spur American   manufacturing . This is an entirely different kettle of fish . Brady ’s plan is n’t a trade policy at all .   Today , a business producing goods in the United States and selling them overseas faces the corporate income tax on those exports . Under the House proposal ( not current law ) imports would not be tax deductible expenses . Since the tax rate is proposed to be 20 % this is a de facto 20 % tax on imports .   Because it would this US exports from tax , it would this them to it would exempt US exports from tax on a level tax playing field in their country it would exempt US exports from tax destination     both US goods and Brazilian goods , for example , would pay Brazil ’s taxes .   Similarly , US goods and imports would both pay the US tax . Fair is fair , and the best products win in market competition .   Moreover , this is n’t a matter of collecting cash in every port . Under Brady ’s proposal , as each firm prepares its    each firm return , it would each firm from the tax base all    transactions . Specifically , it would each firm report overseas sales revenue     effectively exempting it from each firm US tax     or costs of imports into the United States , thereby including the cost of imported intermediates .   This has three virtues . First , the tax code is much simpler . A US multinational firm engages in three types of transactions : between its foreign A US multinational firm and others abroad , between the domestic company and its foreign A US multinational firm , and between the domestic company and others in the United the United States compute their tax under the House proposal , firms operating in the United States would the United States report transactions of the last type     domestic transactions . This limited focus also makes it easier to verify that firms This limited focus complying with the tax code .   The second virtue ? The incentives to " game " the tax system , or hide profits offshore , are eliminated . The tax base is unaffected by the value of exports or the cost of imports , so there is no payoff to manipulating " transfer prices " between domestic and overseas operations so that reported profits are lower in the United States and higher in overseas ,    jurisdictions .   Most importantly border adjustment removes incentives for domestic firms to relocate production offshore . Because they will owe taxes on US domestic firms whether production takes place in the United States or elsewhere , the United States US taxes on    sales , they will gain no tax benefit from shifting domestic firms abroad .   We can concede global production to our competitors and make it more expensive for We families to purchase global production products . Or , in the context of a larger tax reform package , we can remove the incentives that drive production to other countries and increase jobs , wages and US prosperity . Interest from the Trump transition team in moving this effort forward is a good sign . 
 