People who support rolling back the state and leaving the EU have been labelled " authoritarian populists " by a group of left wing researchers , cheered on by the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) who warned readers of the British Broadcasting Corporation website that half of the adult population of Britain shares those views . [ A study by academics at the universities of Essex and Exeter claims to be the first to delve into the    of people A study by academics at the universities of Essex and Exeter has labelled " authoritarian populists , " but who might be more accurately labelled simply as    conservatives or libertarians . A study by academics at the universities of Essex and Exeter have found that 52 per cent of the population fall into this category . A study by academics at the universities of Essex and Exeter do n’t discuss any others .   Finding that that A study by academics at the universities of Essex and Exeter are united by a desire to cut taxes and reduce the state , a belief that Britain should play a leading role on the global stage , cynicism towards    immigration and the European Union , and distrust of human rights legislation , the researchers warn : " the researchers may not like Authoritarian Populists but the researchers are here , now , in large numbers   —    far more numerous than the four million voters who supported UKIP in 2015 . " the researchers appear to be basing the label " authoritarian " on the fact that those within the group tend to favour a strong military presence on the world stage , citing Thatcher ’s strong , defensive stance during the Argentine invasion of Britain ’s Falkland Islands as an example of foreign policy favoured by " authoritarian populists . " Thatcher’s strong, defensive stance during the Argentine invasion of Britain’s Falkland Islands admit that the group tends to be economically liberal . In attempting to define the typical " authoritarian populist " the paper has identified some key demographics more likely to be of that persuasion . " Our results showed that AP attitudes are significantly more prevalent among those who read    newspapers and who hold traditional social values with regard to patriotism , gender roles , and the need for children to respect authority . " There is also a clear demographic to Authoritarian Populist sentiment : it is lower among graduates , the middle class and trade unionists it it higher among the old . " " Authoritarian populists " are also overwhelmingly likely to vote Conservative ( 55 per cent at the last general election ) or UKIP ( 22 percent ) but a further 13 per cent voted Labour , while the remaining 10 per cent were scattered across the remaining parties . One of the researchers , Thomas Scotto of the University of Essex , told the BBC : " People like us academics and the London elite just shrug off concerns about immigration , they People like us academics and the London elite off concerns about the decline of Britain as a military power . " This is where I think some of animosity is coming from and the electorate is saying we count too . " The findings appear to have troubled the the BBC    examining the paper , the BBC ’s the BBC Hawkins mused : " Some look anxiously across the Atlantic at Donald Trump ’s progress and wonder if a similar movement could happen here . " But they may come as less a similar movement a surprise to anyone familiar with British electoral history , and in particular the three General Election victories by the Conservatives under the leadership of Margaret Thatcher , when the party won , on average , 43 per cent of the vote . The researchers acknowledge this , a similar movement their definition of " authoritarian populists a similar movement to Thatcherism . " Authoritarian Populist was a label often hung on the Thatcher governments of the 1980s , Margaret Thatcher they note . " Although the a similar movement political landscape has changed enormously since 1990 , the popular sentiments that underpinned Margaret Thatcher ’s repeated electoral successes Margaret Thatcher among British voters today . " By contrast , the modernised Conservative Party under David Cameron won 36 . 1 per cent of the vote in 2010 and 36 . 8 per cent in 2015 , prompting Hawkins to predict : " Those on the Tory right will also seize on the work to argue the " modernisation " of the Conservative party under David Cameron has gone far enough . " David Cameron 