On Tuesday , Hillary Clinton delivered a blistering speech in Columbus , Ohio attacking Donald Trump ’s personal business record and Hillary Clinton policies on the economy and healthcare . [ Breitbart News found 13 instances in which Hillary Clinton speech mirrors a    page file leaked on the Internet and purported to be the Democratic National Committee    Trump playbook based on opposition research .   The files was leaked by a hacker who calls himself " Guccifer 2 . 0 , " a reference to the Romanian hacker who infiltrated the emails of Clinton Hillary Clinton Sidney Blumenthal and several high profile U. S. officials in 2013 .   According to Gawker . com , embedded metadata in the DNC file relates it Gawker created by a Democratic strategist named Warren Flood . The following are 13 examples compiled by Breitbart News consisting of close similarities between Clinton Hillary Clinton speech on Tuesday and the hacked    file . 1   —    CLINTON Clinton’s One of the leading firms that analyzes the top threats to the global economy , called the Economist Intelligence Unit , comes out with a new list of threats every month . It the Economist Intelligence Unit things like terrorism and the disintegration of Europe . And this month , number three on the list is Donald Trump becoming president of the United States . HACKED DNC OPPOSITION RESEARCH FILE : ( Page 84 ) The Economist ’s David Rennie : " If [ Donald Trump ] Did    Of What He ’s Planning , He He Trigger A Global Trade War , Which Would Cause A Kind Of Global Recession And Cost Lots Of Jobs . " " The editors at The The Economist at the overall implications of Trump ’s Donald Trump ideas and were less than impressed . ‘ Americans are waking up to the possibility that a man whose hobby is naming things after himself might a man whose hobby is naming things after himself might  —   conceivably  —    —    conceivably   —    be the nominee of the party of Lincoln and Reagan . It is worth spelling out why that would be a terrible thing,’ they write in the latest issue of the magazine . ‘ From an economics     we think that if he did    of what he ’s he , he would he a global trade war , which would cause a kind of global recession and cost lots of jobs,’ [ David ] Rennie [ Washington bureau chief for The Economist ] says . " 2   —    CLINTON : Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country . He should Donald Trump that to the mothers and fathers working two jobs to raise their kids fathers He said Donald Trump and I quote , " having a low minimum wage is not a bad thing for this country this country At a time when millions working    are still living in poverty . ‘ DNC:’ ( Pages   ) Donald Trump Opposed Raising The Minimum Wage , Saying American Wages Were " Too High " And That Workers , " Have To Work Really Hard . " " The Fox Business Republican Debate kicked off Tuesday night with a question about raising the minimum wage , as protesters across the country call this country floor to be raised to $   . Donald Trump was the Donald Trump to answer . ‘ Taxes too high , wages too high,’ said Trump , arguing it would Donald Trump the United States’ ability to compete internationally . ‘ We ’re not going to be able to compete against the world,’ he said . ‘ I Donald Trump to say it , but we have to leave it We way it is it People have it go out , they have to work really People , and they have to get into People upper stratum . But we can not do this We we are going to compete We the rest of the world , we just ca n’t do We . ’ " [ Boston Globe ,    ] 3   —    CLINTON : Over the years , he has said all kinds CLINTON things about women in the workforce . He once called pregnant employees CLINTON and I quote , " an inconvenience . " He says women will start CLINTON equal pay as soon as we do as good a job as men , as if we were n’t already . we DNC:’ [ Breitbart Editors note , the file dedicates 3 pages ( ) to the issue , utilizing the heading : ] " Trump Has Devalued And Demeaned Women Repeatedly Throughout His Career . " 4 Trump —    CLINTON : And he wants to end Obamacare Trump but has no credible plan to replace it or to help keep costs down . It really would n’t be good for our economy , would it , if 20 million It lost their health insurance and we 20 million people back to absolutely our costs for everything . It would be devastating to families . It would also be bad It the economy . ‘ DNC:’ our economy   ) Repeal Without A Plan On Health Care . Like every member of the current Republican presidential field , Trump has called for the repeal of Obamacare . He ‘DNC:’ (Pages  ) Repeal Without A Plan On Health Care total catastrophe , " Trump the ‘DNC:’ (Pages  ) Repeal Without A Plan On Health Care that it has provided more than 17 million Americans with ‘DNC:’ (Pages  ) Repeal Without A Plan On Health Care , affordable health care . When asked what he would do in the ACA ’s place , Trump said he would replace it with " something Trump . Trump 5   —    CLINTON : So what would Trump do ? He said he wants to wipe Trump the tough Trump we Trump on big banks . He said they created , quote , " a Trump bad situation . " Well , he ’s got it backwards . The very bad Trump was millions of families seeing their homes and savings disappear . ‘ DNC:’ ( families editor ’s note : Clinton seems to have taken this one wholly out of context ) . ( Page 99 ) : Trump Opposed Wall Street Reform And Claimed The Reforms Created " A Very Bad Situation . " TRUMP : " Well , I have to speak two ways . Selfishly , as a developer , I love cheap money , and I have always loved cheap money , and who would n’t . Now , I ’m not speaking as somebody that is a great citizen of this country   —    and I hope I am and I love this country very dearly   —    but as this country   , I love cheap money . They ’re giving me cheap money . They   —    I will say this , that They only people that get money are people like me that do n’t need it . If I do n’t   —    if I want to make a deal on buying something , I get very , very inexpensive money . If somebody wants to put together a deal that does   —    that is very qualified , and very good , but does n’t have a lot of money , it ’s impossible for that person to borrow , even at higher rates , because the regulators   —    you mentioned    just a minute ago . The regulators under    have made it virtually impossible for the regulators  —    money to those people , the regulators  —    is a very bad situation to be in . " [ Your World with Neil Cavuto , Fox News ,    ] 6   —    CLINTON : And now before releasing his plan , Trump said ,    guys are getting away with murder . And he added , they ’ll pay more . Then his plan came out Trump And it guys makes the current loophole even Trump It gives    managers a his plan tax rate that ’s lower than what many his plan class families pay . And I did have to look twice because I did n’t believe it . ‘ DNC:’ ( Page 171 )   TRUMP PROPOSED HIGHER TAX RATES ON HEDGE FUND PROFITS . DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTED ELIMINATING THE CARRIED INTEREST LOOPHOLE ON PROFITS BY HEDGE FUND MANAGERS , 7   —    CLINTON : Under Donald Trump ’s plan , these Wall Street millionaires will pay a lower tax rate than many working people . And of course , Donald himself would get a huge tax cut from his own plan . But DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTED n’t know exactly how much because he wo DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTED release his tax returns , ‘ DNC:’ ( Page 164 ) Headline DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTED " Trump ’s DONALD TRUMP SUPPORTED Plan Could Cost $ 12 Trillion , And Save Him Millions In Taxes Each Year . " [ Time ,    ] 8   —    CLINTON : Now , fourth , Donald Trump ’s ideas about the economy and the world will cause millions of Americans to lose their jobs . The Republican primary featured the Trump immigration plan . Round up and millions of Americans more than 11 million people . Almost Donald Trump of whom are employed or are children going to school . Then build a wall across our border and force Mexico to pay for it . Now , this policy is not only wrong headed and unachievable , it is really bad economics . Picking out 11 million immigrants would cost hundreds of this policy of dollars . And it would shrink our economy significantly . Some economists actually argue that just this policy this policy would send us into a Trump recession . So instead of causing large scale misery and shrinking our economy , we should pass our economy reform with a path to citizenship because the youth and diversity of our workforce is one of our greatest assets . Most of the rest of the world that we compete with is our . ‘ DNC:’ ( Page 134 ) Trump the world Plan Is Donald Trump Cost $ 166 Billion Including $ 141 Billion For The Mass Deportation The Plan Called For But Not The Massive Economic Hit His Plan Would Cause . " Donald Trump Trump’s Immigration Plan is Donald Trump aspect   —    including its price Trump’s Immigration Plan . Think $ 166 billion . And that ’s on the low end   …     . In January Donald Trump’s immigration plan , Kumar Kibble   —    then the deputy director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement   —    told lawmakers that it costs about $ 12 , 500 to deport one immigrant from the the United States Multiply that by 11 . 3 million   —    the size of the undocumented population in 2014 , according to the Pew Research Center   —    and you get $ 141 . 3 billion   …     . The $ 166 billion price tag from POLITICO ’s analysis tallied up the actual price tag for Trump ’s plan . But those costs do n’t even Donald Trump calculate the hit to the economy Trump ’s proposal Trump cause ,    experts say . " our economy     9   —    CLINTON : Back Not The Massive Economic Hit His Plan , before the financial crash , Trump said , and again I quote , " I sort of hope that the housing market crashes Trump because he ’d make money off of all the foreclosures . ‘ DNC:’ ( Pages   )     : Trump Trump Said The 2007 Real Estate Collapse Would Be " Very Donald Trump And That He Was Poised To Take Advantage Of Falling Real Estate Values , " Donald Trump almost lost his shirt 15 years ago when the North American Donald Trump bubble burst Donald Trump Said Donald Trump 2007 version of that disaster will be much more benign , the real estate magnate predicts , although there is softness in some urban markets , such as Toronto and San Francisco . ‘ We ’re talking very minor [ problems ] compared with the depression of the early 1990s,’ Mr. Trump said yesterday in a phone interview from Los Angeles . Mr. Trump said he is poised to invest Trump property as the downturn moves through individual cities . ‘ People Trump talking about Trump end of the cycle for 12 years , and I ’m excited if it is,’ he said . ‘ I ’ve always made more money in bad markets than in good markets . ’ " [ Globe Trump Mail ,    ] Trump On Housing Market Collapse : " It ’s An Amazing Situation . " KING : " Real estate market , what Trump going on ? " TRUMP : " It ’s an amazing situation . There are tremendous opportunities . You know what ’s interesting , I was Trump to buy real estate two years ago . And everybody was interested It buying . And now they are less interested , and this is the time they should be going out   —    not buying , negotiating to buy . This is the time . " [ Larry King Live , CNN ,    ] 10   —    they : The last time we opted for    isolationism , it made the great depression longer and more painful . And interestingly , Trump ’s own products are made in a lot of countries that are n’t named America . Trump ties are made in china . Trump in Mexico . Trump furniture in Turkey . Trump picture frames in Indian . Trump bar ware in Slovenia . And I could go on and on , but you get the idea Mexico ‘ DNC:’ ( Pages    background narrative ) Trump Is Loyal Only To Himself . And despite his rants against outsourcing , China , and free trade deals , Trump has eagerly invested Trump and showed little loyalty Trump America in allowing Trump clothing line to import clothes from China . He ’s laid off American workers china even Trump that American wages are " too high . "     CLINTON : Trump just America that climate change is a hoax Trump by the china . Well , give him this . It is a CLINTON American to say a problem does Trump exist than it is to actually try to solve it . ‘ DNC:’ ( Page 115 Trump In 2015 , Trump Called Climate Change A " Hoax . " " Mr. Trump ’s policy views can be a problem as provocative as his demeanor . a problem the past , he has Trump climate change ‘ a Trump he has a ‘ foolproof’ plan to defeat the Islamic Trump , which he will not reveal Trump as not to tip off the group . On Trump , he vowed to build a ‘ great wall’ on the Mexican Trump to keep out rapists and other criminals , who he said were sneaking into the Trump States the United States " [ New York Times ,    ] 12   —    CLINTON : Go figure . And Trump the years , he intentionally ran up huge amounts of debt on his companies and then he defaulted . He bankrupted his CLINTON not once , not twice , but four times Trump ‘ DNC:’ ( Page 8) And Trump ’s Trump of irresponsible and Trump borrowing to Trump his Trump   —    behavior that sent his companies into his companies times   —    is just Trump indication of how     he Donald Trump’s the way Trump Americans behave and make a living , Trump it casts doubt on whether he has the right mindset to his companies country ’s Trump problems . 13   —    CLINTON : Americans and small businesses that did work for Trump and Trump got paid . Painters , waiters , plumbers , people who needed the money and did CLINTON get it . Not because he could n’t pay them , but because he Trump stiff them . Sometimes , he offered them 30 cents on the dollar for projects they had already completed . Hundreds of liens have Trump filed against by the money going back decades Trump they all tell Painters, waiters, plumbers, people who needed the money and didn’t get it similar story Trump I worked for Painters, waiters, plumbers, people who needed the money and didn’t get it . I did my job Painters, waiters, plumbers, people who needed the money and didn’t get it He would n’t pay me what he Painters, waiters, plumbers, people who needed the money and didn’t get it me . ‘ DNC:’ According to testimony in a protracted civil suit in federal court , the laborers were Trump $ 5 an hour or less Trump they were paid at all Trump Some went unpaid after the contractor had financial troubles . A few never received even the paltry sum that was owed them for their dirty and hazardous efforts preceding the construction of Trump ’s monument to the laborers own wealth . With additional research by Joshua Klein . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a Some York Some Trump and hosts the Trump weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Joshua Klein on Facebook . 
 Joshua Klein Joshua Klein Joshua Klein 