Nigel Farage hit back at accusations by a Clinton crony that the Russian government " openly fund[s ] " " " UKIP . Nigel Farage observed that the negative campaigning from the Clinton camp is " almost the mirror image " of Remain ’s ‘ Project Fear’ in the lead up to the European Union ( EU ) referendum . [ Speaking to Breitbart London ’s     Raheem Kassam on Breitbart News Daily , outgoing UKIP leader Mr. Farage said that the comments made by longtime Hillary Clinton confidante Neera Tanden were " slanderous " and that anyone using the epithet " far right " to describe people who believe in    democracy " have lost the plot " .    Tanden , who served in the White House during both the Bill Clinton and Barack Obama administrations and is president of the    progressive    Center for American Progress , made the comments during an interview for Politico ’s " Off Message’ " podcast . The Clinton Bill Clinton came out and said that the " Russians are openly funding the    groups , from [ Britain ’s ] UKIP to [ French political leader ] Marine Le Pen " saying that " there is widespread knowledge among the    parties that that is a rising development " .   Mr. Farage said of Hillary and her Hillary acolytes " : " They Hillary and her "acolytes": " chosen me as a political football in this election campaign " referencing Clinton ’s recent rant where she Clinton out and accused the UKIP MEP of being in bed with Russian president Vladimir Putin . " I ’m absolutely thrilled that they Hillary and her "acolytes": " done that because it gives me a chance to respond , " he Russian president Vladimir Putin . " All I can say to her Clinton is that I have never taken a penny piece from Mr. Russian president Vladimir Putin so frankly what she Clinton saying is slanderous . There is no other way of putting it . " Adding : " If anyone stoops to the level of using the epithet ‘ far right’ to describe people who believe in    democracy , well clearly they are anyone stoops to the level of using the epithet ‘far right’ to describe people who believe in   democracy ones that have lost the plot , not me . " When asked by Mr. Kassam whether he anticipates Mr. Kassam fully negative election campaign from the Clinton camp , Mr. Farage Mr. Kassam there would be an "   assault " and proceeded to draw parallels between the Democratic campaign and the Remain campaign during Britain ’s referendum on membership of the EU : " If you look at what I said on that platform [ with Donald Trump ] in Jackson last week I talked about ‘ Project Fear’ . " I talked about the negativity that was used by the Remain in the EU campaign in the EU Britain ] which was to tell us that awful things would happen if our side of us argument won , and that all of the protagonists for Leave were bad people   —    demons , basically . " I predicted that that is exactly what would happen in the States in this presidential election campaign   …     It will be an    assault on Trump and anyone that is seen to stand with him or around Trump . " Trump we ’ll be told that if Trump wins Putin Trump control America , there the States be risk of war , there ’ll be poverty . " It ’ll be exactly the same game . Almost the mirror image of what we saw during the referendum campaign . And you know what ? It did n’t work . " 
 