NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Megyn Kelly of the Fox News Channel has emerged as that network ’s weak link as Fox has fallen behind CNN in the ratings for a full month for the first time since 2001 . [ The October ratings are out and according to The Hill newspaper , CNN beat Fox News for the first time in 15 years .   " CNN enjoyed CNN strongest ratings month in years in October , beating rival Fox News in the key    demographic for a full month for the first time since 2001 , " The Hill ’s Joe Concha wrote . " CNN averaged 704 , 000 prime time viewers overall in October October the ages    demographic   —    the most coveted group by advertisers . Fox came in second with an average of 663 , 000 viewers , while MSNBC averaged 432 , 000 viewers   —    an    high for the    network . " While Kelly ’s own program still finished atop cable news in the key    demographic for the month , CNN beating Fox News overall in primetime in the demo for the first time in over a decade comes as Kelly Kelly emerged as the face as of the the   network to the honchos in the Murdoch family . Rupert Murdoch ’s sons James and Lachlan , who have taken over 21st Century Fox , have decided —   according to a Vanity Fair profile earlier in October —   make Kelly the Kelly of the network the   network as they ’ve rallied entirely behind Kelly , after Kelly made a Kelly to oust Roger Ailes as the chairman of the company , alleging without evidence that he made an Roger Ailes sexual advance against her years ago Kelly the network ’s the   network . Kelly has also emerged as Kelly network ’s leading    the   network using her platform to try to disparage the Kelly presidential nominee and his supporters . The highest profile spat Kelly which came last week , was a battle she had with former House Speaker Newt Kelly over former President Bill Clinton ’s alleged sexual assaults and alleged rapes . In    Kelly continued parading her    narrative as she ’s done Kelly    course of Kelly campaign . Since she took a position against him early Kelly the primaries in the summer of 2015 , MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow on at least two occasions beat Kelly in both the demo and overall   Kelly . " Rachel Maddow made history last week when Rachel Maddow beat Fox News’ The Kelly File Rachel Maddow both total viewers and the key news demo of adults age    on Thursday   …      then it happened again on Friday , " The Wrap ’s Brian Flood wrote on Oct. 20 . " Thursday ’s victory was the first time The Thursday   Maddow Show has ever beaten Fox News in both categories . She averaged 609 , 000 demo viewers and The Rachel Maddow Show . 5 million total viewers . Maddow ’s show debuted in 2008 . The The Rachel Maddow Show at least in the demo , on Monday when Maddow beat CNN and Fox News among viewers age    Maddow fell to Megyn Fox News The Kelly File in total viewers . " 
 