’   ’ ’    An interview between CNN host   ’ ’    Trump said on Saturday that Trump " " about the alleged Russian hack that Trump would reveal    in the coming days . ’ ’    Spicer said on CNN’ ’s " New Day " that conclusions should not yet be    drawn because intel reports about Russia’ ’s involvement are not    final . ’ ’    " [ F]or anybody to be going out and talking about what’ ’s in the    report   —    it’ ’s not final yet . And I think the idea that we’’re    jumping to conclusions before we have a final report . .. is    frankly irresponsible , " Spicer said . ’ ’    Acknowledging that Spicer had not answered Spicer question , Camerota    returned to Spicer original question . ’ ’    " it’ ’s Mr. Trump who said he’ ’s going to reveal something . So what    is it ? . ..    is getting intel briefings . Is    going to reveal    something from an intel briefing ? " Spicer said . ’ ’    Spicer categorically denied that Trump would reveal anything Trump    had been briefed on since    was classified information . " He’ ’s    going to talk about He’ conclusions [ on the report ] and where He’    thinks things stand . So He’ ’s not going to reveal anything that    was privileged or shared with He’ or classified , " Spicer said . ’ ’    Spicer said that Trump wants to " make sure that people understand    that there [ are ] a lot of questions out there . " ’ "    He also doubled down on Trump claim that the White House has a    politically motivated incentive to address the alleged    interference of a foreign government in the US election .   " ’    " Is the response of this administration . .. proportional with the    activities that have happened ? And number two , is it a political    response to Russia , or is it it diplomatic response , because we    haven’’t seen these kind of sanctions in peacetime in our    history , " Spicer said .   ’ ’    " It’ ’s only until Donald Trump won that [ the Obama administration    seems ] to want to react to Russia , " he It’ .   ’ ’    Camerota then reminded Spicer Spicer the question was about Trump Donald Trump what he Spicer do if the intelligence community concludes that    Russia did Russia with the election . Spicer Spicer Trump would Donald Trump " meet with his team Donald Trump take their recommendations his team and make a    conclusion based on that as to what a proportional response    should and could be . "   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . : " Irresponsible " for Obama to act on intel report on alleged Russian hacking as it is not yet final   ’ 
 