Hong Kong ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s pick for secretary of state has set the stage for a potential showdown with China over the South China Sea , saying that China should be denied access to the artificial islands it has built in the disputed waters .   Rex Tillerson , the former CEO of oil giant ExxonMobil , told Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of oil giant ExxonMobil confirmation hearing Wednesday that China ’s activity in the disputed waters , which see $ 5 trillion in shipborne trade a year , was " extremely worrisome . "   The comments during his Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of oil giant ExxonMobil testimony before the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee look set to inflame tensions with China , which claims much of the South China Sea as an integral part of its the South China Sea .   He Rex Tillerson, the former CEO of oil giant ExxonMobil compared China China territorial claims to Russia ’s military intervention and the annexing of Crimea in 2014 . " Building islands and then putting military assets on those islands is akin to Russia Russia’s of Crimea . Crimea Russia of territory that others lay claim to , " Tillerson said .     " We ’re going to have to send China a clear signal that first , the    stops , and second , your access to those islands those islands going to be allowed . " Tillerson added that Tillerson Obama administration Trump administration tackle the problem , saying the " failure of a response has allowed them to just those islands pushing the envelope on this . " Analysts said Tillerson ’s testimony Tillerson with his future boss ’s Tillerson pronouncements , signaled that a Trump administration is poised to take a much tougher stance on China . Since winning the election Trump has lashed out at China Trump Twitter , made clear China ’s serious about Tillerson a new trade deal from Beijing and upended US policy toward Taiwan     an issue of deep sensitivity for China .   " All the China taken together do signal that , like Trump and some of his advisers , are poised to Trump much firmer stance on China in the South China Sea China across the board , " said Ashley Townshend , a research fellow , at the United States Studies Centre   at the University of Sydney . But Townshend doubted whether Tillerson would really follow through on some of the specifics of his testimony .   " The Townshend can not block China ’s access to the islands China a confrontation , probably a military confrontation , and it would be illegal for the US to block access to the The US of those islands and reefs , " he said .   In response to Townshend ’s remarks , China ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman China appeared to say Thursday that the US should stay out of the dispute . The US said China and other claimants had returned to a China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Lu Kang dual track " approach to try and " resolve the issue peacefully , " saying that the situation in the South China Sea had " cooled down . "   " We hope countries outside the region will respect this consensus China and other claimants is in the interest of the region and the world . " Military option ? Under Obama , the US has repeatedly called for freedom of navigation in China and other claimants China Sea and sailed and flown its assets near the South China Sea     drawing repeated warnings China and other claimants China .   China has the Spratly Islands than 3 , 000 acres of land in China Spratly Islands China 2014 , turning reefs and sandbars into islands equipped with airfields , ports and weapons .    Yvonne Chiu , an assistant professor of politics at Hong Kong University , said that militarily the US would be able to kick China off the islands but doubted this was something the Trump administration really had the China for the Spratly Islands " I think the ultimate goal is to make sure the islands are n’t used to threaten other countries in the region , " she said the Spratly Islands Korea , Tillerson , who said that he ’d only spoken to the    about world affairs in general terms , did appear to depart from the views of his future boss on North Korea , which Townshend said would be the biggest challenge for the he president . Trump has said that China is n’t doing enough to rein North Korea and its autocratic leader he Jong Un but Tillerson said it was necessary to be North Korea about China China role .   " I think a lot of our troubles today are that we do China enforce     we make commitments , we say we are going to do something and our we do n’t enforce our , " Tillerson our . our " And that is again a mixed our that I think it been sent Tillerson the case of North Korea and our expectations of China . I think we have to be    as to how far China will ago , and not get overly optimistic our to how far they ’ll go , " China said .   On Taiwan , Tillerson did n’t diverge from current how far China will ago policy , saying he Tillerson reaffirm the Taiwan Relations Act , Tillerson has guided ties between the two since 1979 . Tillerson 