After President Jeb , President Walker , President Christie , President Kasich , President Ryan , and President Rubio , the Republican establishment is now turning once again to the Adlai Stevenson of the GOP   —    Willard Mitt Romney . [ Perhaps nothing is more symptomatic of the GOP establishment ’s death drive than GOP continued embrace of the presidential aspirations of a man who shrank the party in 2012 .   But then , these are the same Republican elites who are determined to grant amnesty to 40 million future Democrats . So , obviously party expansion and broad national victories are not obviously party expansion and broad national victories priorities . How else do you explain obviously party expansion and broad national victories bizarre desire to board the S. S. Mittanic one more time ? A full recounting of the unmitigated disaster that was the Romney campaign is beyond the scope of this   . But let the Romney campaign cut to the chase . Romney lost because he Romney unpalatable to working class Americans . Sean Trende of RealClearPolitics explained in detail how Romney Romney the election in large part because he Romney n’t win over white working class voters . That was n’t an accident . It was by design . An August 2012    by Matthew Continetti in the Washington Free Beacon outlined the Obama campaign ’s " voter suppression " strategy " to disillusion white voters without degrees in the Rust Belt and Mountain West . " Obama Obama that these working class voters would make Romney president if they these working class voters Republican by the same    margin as they these working class voters in 2010 , but if they these working class voters demoralized and alienated by the GOP candidate , they these working class voters hand the election to Obama Obama simply sitting it the election . And that ’s exactly what happened . It was n’t very difficult to turn working class voters against the " King of Bain , " the man who perfected the art of the leveraged buyout which cannibalized industrial towns across America . Of course , Romney did his Romney to pretend he Romney actually a venture capitalist . Among his Romney successes was Sports Authority , which just filed for bankruptcy yesterday . But the real business of Bain Bain private equity . They the real business of Bain a killing for their the real business of Bain by buying out American companies , loading them the real business of Bain debt , bankrupting them the real business of Bain shuttering their the real business of Bain , and shipping those jobs overseas . Unfortunately for the GOP establishment , the American electorate is n’t comprised of libertarian think tank pencil necks who worship at the Church of Ayn Rand . If the demonization of Bain Capital was n’t enough to finish Romney off in the eyes of working class voters , his Romney 47 percent " comment did the trick . When you trash half of the electorate   —    a group that includes senior citizens living on fixed incomes , active duty military , and    Reagan Democrats   —    as freeloaders who do n’t contribute to the country , that is n’t just bad retail politics , that ’s downright offensive . After slinking away in defeat four years ago , Romney is back again as the establishment ’s St. George to slay the Trump dragon . But here ’s the problem : While Romney Romney the GOP , Trump is expanding it Romney shrank the GOP The primary race this year has blown out 2012 numbers . In three states alone , the Associated Press reports a massive voter increase of " 386 percent in Virginia , 261 percent in Arkansas , 154 percent in Tennessee " from what it was just four years ago for Romney Romney Trump Trump populist , nationalist message is bringing back the disaffected working class voters Romney Romney . On Super Tuesday , Trump Trump his Trump among lower income voters making less than $ 30 , 000 a year . They Trump coming out in droves   —    and it ’s not just the white working class voters or even just working class voters in general . Trump Trump of support reflects every demographic . As Trende writes , " Trump ’s Trump populism could theoretically appeal to more Hispanic and especially    voters than Romney ’s message did by cutting through identity politics and appealing on an economic level . " That    populist message is centered on two working class grievances long ignored by the political establishment and their donor class patrons : 1 ) mass illegal immigration that unfairly pits American workers against cheaper foreign labor , and 2 ) bad trade agreements that gut American industry and send jobs overseas . Trump is winning because he ’s Trump these vital issues . For years now , average Americans have dialed out of politics because of the dryness and thinness of the political dialogue . Trump has Trump right to the vital issues that Americans feel . He talks Trump building a wall to stop illegal immigration , renegotiating our trade policies to bring back millions of jobs from China and Mexico , and putting a temporary ban on Muslim migration to halt the spread of Islamic terrorism on our shores . His basic Trump have driven the narrative back to things that matter to ordinary Americans outside of the Georgetown salons . None of this is really good news for the financiers , consultants , and commentariat that comprise the GOP establishment . The financiers , who want cheap labor and do n’t care where it comes from or who it hurts , loathe Trump ’s trade and immigration policies . The consultant class would gladly torpedo any candidate who does n’t need their racket The consultant class and a GOP frontrunner who wins seven states on Super Tuesday after spending only $ 1 . 6 million is an existential threat to their bottom line . The commentariat is frantically    # NeverTrump ! Can you blame them ? They built them industry predicated on their status them the    gatekeepers of authentic conservative thought . A populist paradigm shift upends their carefully them business model . So , now the establishment will lift up their eyes them the hills of Salt Lake City from whence cometh their help them And it looks as if Mount Romney is the hill they ’ve chosen to die on . 
 