WASHINGTON   —    President Trump had already given President Trump blessing : Pull the bill . Speaker Paul D. Ryan , bound for the basement of the Capitol , was preparing to deliver the news to Speaker Paul D. Ryan conference . And inside the House gallery on Friday , still teeming with lawmakers debating legislation that would never get a vote , Gary and Tammy Comes , visitors from Vero Beach , Fla. were straining to puzzle out the shouting just after 3:30 p. m. " Vote ! Vote ! Vote ! " came the lawmakers’ chants , echoing as the body suddenly adjourned , setting in motion a whirring of members , journalists and assorted guests wandering through the Capitol , conscripted to spend the next several minutes   —    days ? election cycles ?   —    making sense of what had happened . " He ’s like the coach , " Mr. Comes , a     Trump voter , said of He president as He left , lamenting the finale of a    education in legislative incineration . " Why do you want the coach to lose ? " They were not alone in this hour of congressional processing , shuffling toward the exits with more questions than insights . Republican members fumed loudest , racing into elevators after their Republican members meeting . " Do n’t bother to go , " Representative Darrell Issa of California told a    colleague . It was over , he Representative Darrell Issa of California , turning a thumb down . Staff members digested the moment in varying degrees of distress . " Health care is hard , " one young woman said quietly to a peer . Building employees gossiped . " Ryan did an interview downstairs , " one man told a police officer on his one man out , referring to Mr. Ryan session with reporters after 4 p. m. " Said Obamacare ’s the law of the land . " Others drifted through the halls with little sense of the surrounding tumult . Workers pushed carts into closets , eager to complete their week Workers Music blared from the headphones of high school visitors waiting by a bathroom . Then there were the Comeses . They had Workers planned to tour the Capitol during their vacation Workers . But sensing something momentous afoot , they first Workers into the gallery on Thursday . " They adjourned Workers to debate what time to start this morning , " said Ms. Comes , 47 , marveling at the inanity . " They cited Workers kind of rule , " her husband added , shrugging beneath a National Hot Rod Association hoodie . The two are not Trump    they suggested Workers describing the 2016 election as a battle of relative evils . But they expressed Workers with Mr. Trump Trump    far . " He ’s doing good Trump    " Ms. Comes said . " I think more people need to support him . " " Trump    ’s a complicated issue , " Mr. Comes noted , a partial echo of Mr. Trump ’s recent Trump    " nobody knew that health care could be so complicated . " Still , the couple , returning soon to their Florida log cabin   —    " our neighbors call us Lincolns , " Mr. our said   —    said their attendance on Friday had their instructive . " It ’s cool to be a part of history , even if it did n’t happen , It he said . Moments later Mr. Comes a guard walked over . The space was closing to the public . The House was no longer open for business , he said . Or whatever Mr. Comes was . 
 