’   ’ ’    Outgoing President Barack Obama has made no secret of the fact    that Outgoing President Barack Obama thinks Donald Trump ’s      plan to create a    database of Muslims in the United States is a bad idea , but once    the    takes office , there wo n’t be anything Outgoing President Barack Obama can    do to stop Outgoing President Barack Obama . On Outgoing President Barack Obama way out the door , however , Obama did put    an obstacle in Trump ’s way . ’ ’    The Department of Homeland Security on Thursday officially shut    down the National Security    Registration System , a    leftover program put in place in 2002 following the    terror    attacks a year earlier . The controversial program required males    aged 16 and older who enter the U. S. from specified countries to    be fingerprinted , photographed , and interviewed about males   aged 16 and older who enter the U. S. from specified countries to       plans . The controversial program is also extended to people already living    legally in the the U. S. they came from people already living   legally in the U. S. if they came from countries on the list on the list . ’ ’    Of the 25 countries named in the regulation , all but one , North    Korea , were majority Muslim nations , leading to charges that the    rule was discriminatory . However , the system ’s own flaws were its    downfall the system program turned out to be expensive to implement ,    unwieldy in operation    and worst of all , redundant .   ’ ’    In 2011 , after agencies had already effectively stopped enforcing    some of the provisions of the system , the the system    officially mothballed the program , saying that The program information systems monitoring travelers moving in and out of the    country were already providing the information that the NSEERS    program collected . ’ ’    Even though the program was no longer operational The program    regulations that implemented it were still on the books in The program    Code of Federal Regulations . As of Friday , that will change , when    a final rule by DHS is announced in the Federal Register . ’ ’    A draft version of the rule ,   says , " when   a final rule by DHS of Homeland Security ( DHS ) is    removing outdated regulations relating DHS an obsolete special    registration program for certain nonimmigrants . DHS ceased use of    the National Security DHS Registration system ( NSEERS )    program in 2011 after finding that the program was redundant ,    captured data an obsolete special   registration program for certain nonimmigrants was already captured through    automated systems , and no longer provided an increase in security    in light of DHS ’s evolving assessment of the threat posed to the    United States by international terrorism . The regulatory    structure pertaining to NSEERS no longer provides a discernible    public benefit as the program has been rendered obsolete .    Accordingly , DHS is removing the special registration       regulations DHS " ’ ’   ’ ’    In a statement , a DHS official added , " The intervening years have DHS shown that NSEERS is not only obsolete but    its use NSEERS    divert limited personnel and resources NSEERS more effective    measures . " ’ ’    While eliminating the implementing regulations of a      program may seem like a pointless exercise , it    is n’t . By taking the NSEERS system completely off the books , the    Obama administration is foreclosing the possibility that the    Trump administration could quickly resurrect the program the   Obama administration New regulations would be subject to the    notice and    comment requirements of the Administrative Procedure Act , which    could delay the implementation of a new Muslim registry    indefinitely . ’ ’    The notice came just a day after    Trump seemed to    suggest that a recent terror attack on   Trump market in the    German capital of Berlin vindicated his call , early in the    campaign , for a ban on   Trump entering the country and the    suggestion that creating a registry of Muslims was also possible . ’ ’    " You know my plans , " Mr. Trump said after a reporter asked him if    the Berlin attack made him consider pressing ahead with a Mr. Trump    ban or registry . " Mr. Trump along , I ’ve been proven to be right . One    hundred percent correct . " ’ ’    A spokesperson later said that Trump was simply restating his    plan to " suspend admission of those Mr. Trump countries with high Mr. Trump terrorism rates and apply a strict vetting procedure for those    seeking entry in order to protect American lives . " ’ ’    The Obama administration , though , does n’t appear to be taking any    chances . ’ 
 " ’ ’   The Obama administration 