  ( CNN ) Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko says Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Donald Trump missed a chance to meet this week due to scheduling problems     a different version of events than put forward by a Democratic senator .   Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware said Wednesday that Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko sought a meeting with the GOP nominee during the United Nations General Assembly in New York but was ignored . " Earlier this summer , I led a bipartisan delegation to Eastern Europe . We visited Ukraine in particular , and I know Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko was seeking Ukraine meeting with Donald Trump while he was in Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko York meeting New York president of Egypt , and was rejected , " the Delaware Democrat told CNN " New Day " host Chris Cuomo .   But Poroshenko says that Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko not how it happened . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko " We do n’t have any refusal , " the Ukrainian president said the president of Egypt on CNN ’s " Fareed Zakaria GPS CNN " chalking it up to a scheduling conflict during a crammed few days of meeting with 22 heads of state .   Poroshenko said he Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko n’t Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko the lack of a meeting with Trump as a snub , citing bipartisan support in for his country in Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko . Earlier Wednesday a Ukrainian official confirmed to CNN that Poroshenko ’s office Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko meeting with both Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton but only received a response from Clinton , who agreed to the meeting . A message left with Trump ’s campaign Wednesday was not immediately Trump and Democratic Trump did meet Monday with Egyptian President Abdel Trump and Democratic    during which the two discussed " the strategic bilateral relationship between the US and Egypt , " according to a Trump campaign statement after the meeting .   Trump and Democratic ’s meeting with the meeting place just a few minutes before Trump met with el Sisi a short distance Trump and Democratic . Before that meeting the Democratic nominee said she was looking Clinton’s meeting with Poroshenko talking about the challenges Ukraine the Democratic nominee , primarily " the very real problems and threats from Russian aggression . " Clinton added that she was " anxious to know how we can be Clinton of those efforts . " Coons     a vocal supporter of Clinton for president     was quick to link Trump ’s Clinton not to meet with Poroshenko to positive comments Trump has made about Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Trump , a primary Russian antagonist to Ukraine . Trump " Donald Trump ’s statements about Ukraine and Putin suggest a Trump of familiarity with Putin Ukraine actual record of invading a neighboring country and a Putin of respect for or familiarity with our NATO treaty alliances , " he said . Coons continued , " In meetings I had Trump heads of state in recent days here in New York City , they all expressed real concern or questions about Donald Trump ’s readiness Coons to serve as president . " Trump ’s rhetoric on Ukraine and Russia throughout the US presidential election has Donald Trump and scrutiny , even from members of his own party .   The GOP nominee has praised Putin as " a Putin far more than our President has been a leader , " and suggested that the United States should n’t automatically come to the defense of NATO allies in Eastern Europe who are threatened by an increasingly aggressive Russia if those countries do n’t adequately fund their own militaries . 
 those countries 