  ( CNN ) Meryl Streep was honored at the Golden Globes for a lifetime of notable work , and Meryl Streep took the opportunity to make a sustained attack on US    Donald Trump . In a nearly    address while accepting the Cecil B. DeMille Award , Meryl Streep denounced Trump   Donald Trump rhetoric and criticized him for the Cecil B. DeMille Award a disabled reporter . Related : Trump attacks   Donald Trump for speech at Golden Globes , As the audience of Hollywood stars and executives sat in silence , Streep said Streep " There was one performance this year that stunned me . It sank this year hooks this year my heart . Not because it was this year , there was nothing good about it , this year it was this year and it did this year job this year " It was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter . Someone he outranked the person privilege , power and the capacity to fight back . " Streep ’s comments were a reference to a rally by Trump in November 2015 when he imitated New York Times reporter Serge Kovaleski , who has a condition that affects his joint he . Trump has Trump denied he was Trump the reporter . In an interview with the The New York Times Monday morning , Trump said Trump was Trump not surprised " by the criticism from " liberal movie people , " pointing out that Streep was a supporter of his defeated Trump , Hillary Clinton . Streep used Streep speech Streep highlight the importance to American culture of outsiders and foreigners , whom she said Streep among the " most vilified segments in American society right now .    " Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners and if we kick them all out , you ’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not the arts , " Streep said to huge applause from the room . RELATED : Golden Globes 2017 : ’La La Land’ breaks record , Streep said Streep ’s attack on the New York Times reporter legitimized bullying .   " It kind of broke my heart when I saw it and It still ca n’t get it out It my head because it was It in a movie , it was real life , " Streep said Streep " This instinct to humiliate when it ’s modeled by someone in the public . .. by someone powerful , it filters it into everyone ’s life because it kind it gives permission for other people to do the same . " Streep added Streep " When the powerful use their position to bully others , we all lose . " She called Streep the press to " hold power to account , to call him on the carpet for every outrage "     another apparent reference to Trump .   Streep asked Streep members to support the nonprofit Committee to Protect Journalists " because we ’re the nonprofit Committee to need them going audience members and they ’re audience members to need us to the nonprofit Committee the truth . " The Golden Globes are awarded by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . Trump : Trump is Streep ’Hillary lover’ Responding to Streep ’s Streep Trump again denied Trump Kovaleski . " I was never mocking anyone , " Trump told the Trump York Times . " People keep saying I that I intended to mock the reporter ’s disability , as if Meryl Streep and Streep read my mind , and I did no such thing . " Trump , who had not seen the speech , called Streep " a Hillary lover , " according to the Times .   the New York Times Globes and online , Streep received support from Streep peers .   Streep members listened with rapt attention . Actress Kerry Washington appeared near tears in the audience when the camera cut to her . On Twitter , Actress Kerry Washington actress Julianne Moore wrote : " Thank you # MerylStreep . " " Everything she said . Thank you the actress Julianne Moore MerylStreep for you work #MerylStreep , " added Laverne Cox . The response to Streep ’s speech was n’t all positive .   Fox News host Sean Hannity tweeted : " This is exactly why Hwood is DYING , what a bunch of hypocrites . Sex , violence , and drivel rule hwood . Turning the channel . " Radio host Meghan McCain , daughter of Republican Senator John McCain , added : " This Meryl Streep speech is why Trump won . Streep’s speech Hollywood do n’t start recognizing why and how    you will help him get   . " Streep also drew some criticism from the    Martial Arts community . Meryl Streep In a letter posted to Twitter , Scott Coker , an MMA promoter and fighter , invited Streep to an upcoming event in Los Angeles so she can see Meryl Streep that Mixed Martial Arts is truly artistic . Meryl Streep   Streep closed her speech with a quote from her late friend Carrie Meryl Streep : Meryl Streep Take your broken heart , Meryl Streep it into art . " 
 