PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    A protest against the    Partnership free trade deal broke out on the floor of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells Fargo Arena on Monday afternoon , in the midst of an address by Rep. Elijah Cummings ( ) . [ Delegates , many of Delegates wearing Bernie Sanders    unfurled a large banner reading : " Economic Justice , Climate Justice , Trade Justice . " Delegates began shouting " No TPP ! "     Signs opposing TPP began appearing across the Wells Fargo Arena , as other delegates picked up the chant .   In the    to the convention , Cummings was in charge of drafting the party platform , which excluded opposition to TPP TPP the direct request of President Barack Obama , according to the Washington Post . The Democratic platform merely includes a list of demands that are to apply to all trade agreements , including the TPP Cummings was Cummings the midst of speaking about the Black Lives Matter movement , but delegates apparently wanted to make sure they interrupted delegates while Cummings had delegates opportunity . Opposition to TPP has TPP a major feature of protests around the convention . Supporters of Bernie Sanders told Breitbart News that it was a major reason they opposed Hillary Clinton ’s vice presidential pick , Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) . Some Sanders delegates Bernie Sanders intend to stage a " mutiny " against the pick . On the Republican side , opposition to TPP has also featured in Donald Trump ’s campaign . Trump says Donald Trump’s is Donald Trump’s free trade , but against deals that benefit other countries at the expense of the United States , and that enshrine special interests . In Philadelphia , protests against TPP both TPP and outside the convention hall were accompanied by    Clinton chants and jeers . When House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer ( ) told the convention , " We are here to nominate Hillary Clinton   Clinton there were loud boos . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 