   Donald Trump is encouraging voters in Louisiana to get out and vote for the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy as Louisiana holds Louisiana runoff elections on Saturday . [ " the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy ’s a great guy   …     somebody that I ’ve known over the years , "   Donald Trump said of the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy , speaking from Baton Rouge , Louisiana on Friday afternoon . " If you go to the polls , the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy ’s going to win . If you do n’t go to the polls , the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy ’s not going to win . "   the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy is Louisiana ’s state treasurer . The    told the crowd that the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy must win . " We need John in Washington   …     for leadership and everything else . " Trump : If the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy does n’t win the Senate seat in Louisiana , " I ’ve got myself a problem in Washington " Washington :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) December 9 , 2016 ,   Trump said Kennedy the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy help push forward Trump ’s Trump , which includes : protecting the second amendment , securing the southern border , repealing and replacing Obamacare , reducing taxes , and confirming a nominee to the Supreme Court . " Kennedy the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy a proven leader , " he the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy , telling the people that Kennedy the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy 16 budgets and will cut taxes . " He the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy be a true fighter for Louisiana in Washington . He the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy be a fighter for you . " " Electing John the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy help ensure government stops listening to the special interest , " Trump stressed . He also praised Republican Electing John Kennedy Johnson , who is running for Congress for Louisiana ’s 4th District . The    heads to Michigan for a " Thank You " rally Friday evening after his stop in Louisiana Electing John Kennedy 
 Louisiana’s 