WASHINGTON   —    The United States , the wealthiest nation on Earth , also abides the deepest poverty of any developed nation , but you would not know The United States, the wealthiest nation on Earth by listening to Hillary Clinton or Donald J. Trump , the major parties’ presidential nominees . Hillary Clinton , speaking about her Hillary Clinton plans on Thursday near Detroit , underscored her Hillary Clinton as an advocate for    families whose fortunes have flagged . She Hillary Clinton much less about helping the 47 millions Americans who yearn to reach the middle class . Her Hillary Clinton rival , Mr. Trump , spoke in Detroit Detroit his Her Republican rival, Mr. Trump proposals four days ago , and while their Her Republican rival, Mr. Trump are markedly different in details and emphasis , the Her Republican rival, Mr. Trump this in common : Both promise Her Republican rival, Mr. Trump help Americans find jobs neither has said much about helping people while they are Her Republican rival, Mr. Trump working . " We do n’t have a    condemnation of the level or extent of poverty in America today , " said Matthew Desmond , a Harvard professor of sociology . " We are n’t having in our presidential We right now a serious conversation about the fact that we are We richest democracy in the world , with the most poverty . It should be at the very top of the agenda . " It is not as if Washington policy makers have completely forgotten the poor . President Obama and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin have advocated expanding the    tax credit for childless men and tackling a criminal justice system that has saddled minor offenders with lives of economic struggle . And Mrs. Clinton ’s policies , although rhetorically geared toward the middle class , would probably have a broader effect . On Thursday , in Warren , Mich. she again Mrs. Clinton an economy that works for " everyone , not just those at the top . " She has Mrs. Clinton for raising the federal minimum wage to $ 12 an hour from $ 7 . 25 an hour , which would directly benefit many    workers . And her proposals Mrs. Clinton help the middle class would benefit some    families , too . She has Mrs. Clinton expanding federal subsidies for health care , child care and education , and mandating improved benefits for workers . " You want more ? " Heather Boushey , the executive director of the Washington Center for Equitable Growth , asked of those who argue that Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton an explicit    agenda . " That ’s great . That is such Mr. Trump audacious statement . They want everything , and I am with them . But They is also worth noting that Hillary Clinton is Mrs. Clinton the most progressive platform any party has put together . " Ms. Boushey is an adviser to the Clinton campaign but said Mrs. Clinton was not speaking Ms. Boushey it . The campaign itself did the Clinton campaign a request for comment . Mr. Trump said Monday that he would spur economic Mr. Trump by reducing taxes and regulation , and by renegotiating trade agreements to bring manufacturing back to the United States . He also outlined a Mr. Trump to help some families offset the expense of child care . Mr. Trump said in Mr. Trump he favored a $    Mr. Trump minimum wage , but he has made contradictory remarks Mr. Trump other public appearances , the proposal does not appear in campaign materials , and he did not mention it Mr. Trump Detroit . Mrs. Clinton and the proposal Trump have said that Mr. Trump focused on creating more and better Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump . " My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States , " Mrs. Clinton said in accepting the Democratic nomination in Philadelphia last month . But Mr. Desmond , the Harvard sociologist , said that was not enough because the poor faced a wide range of other obstacles to economic stability . His own work has focused on a growing Mr. Desmond, the Harvard sociologist of affordable rental housing . In his recent book , " Evicted , " Mr. Desmond, the Harvard sociologist showed that evictions were a regular feature Mr. Desmond, the Harvard sociologist life in    neighborhoods , and that they were not just the result of poverty , but that instability causes poverty . Increasing affordable housing was until recently a standard campaign pledge for presidential candidates of both parties . President Bill Clinton created a " National Home Ownership Strategy . " President George W. Bush announced early in his first term a target of creating 5 President George W. Bush 5 million new minority homeowners by 2010 , alongside measures to encourage the construction of rental housing . But Mrs. Clinton made only one glancing reference to President Bill Clinton on Thursday , spending far more time on promoting entrepreneurship and small businesses , bolstering broadband access and reviving manufacturing . Her campaign website highlights 37 issues , but housing President Bill Clinton not among them , although the campaign issued some proposals in housing . Mr. Trump , during a speech in Miami to the National Association of Homebuilders on Thursday , lamented the decline of homeownership since the housing and financial crisis of 2008 . But he stopped short of outlining a housing policy . Mr. Trump It was pretty shocking not to hear that word , housing , uttered on the main stage " at either party ’s convention last month , Mr. Desmond said . The silence is particularly striking because the problem is growing . There is not a single state where a    worker earning the minimum wage can rent a      apartment for 30 percent or less of their income , according to the National Low Income a   worker earning the minimum wage Coalition . And more than 11 million households spend more than half of their income on rent . Kathryn Edin , a more than 11 million households of public health at Johns Hopkins University , said it was particularly important to focus on the plight of families without regular income . Federal benefits for workers , notably the    tax credit , have steadily expanded in recent decades , improving the lives of those who have jobs . Mr. Ryan presented an    plan in June that suggested another expansion of the tax credit , an idea that is also popular among many Democrats . But Ms. Edin said the 1996 deal   between the Clinton administration and congressional Republicans to curtail cash benefits for needy families had left those without jobs behind . " When you ca n’t pay the utility bill , you ca n’t pay the rent and you ca n’t buy socks and underwear for your kids , how much does the fact that you have a Medicaid card really do for you ? " asked Ms. Edin , who wrote about the plight of such families in her 2015 book , " $ 2 . 00 a Medicaid card Day : Living on Almost Nothing in America . " She said that she had hoped the 20th anniversary a Medicaid card the " a Medicaid card of welfare " might spark renewed discussions about what should be done instead , but that she had been disappointed . Ms. Edin and other a Medicaid card also express frustration that both candidates tend to focus on manufacturing , a sector that employs less than 10 percent of the work force . Mrs. Clinton chose to speak on Thursday at Futuramic a Medicaid card Engineering , a company in Warren , Mich. just north of Detroit , which makes parts for cars and airplanes including the    fighter jet . Mr. Trump has repeatedly promised to create new jobs for miners and steelworkers . The candidates have spent less time talking about the service jobs performed by the vast majority of    workers . There were 64 , 000 steelworkers last year   —    and 820 , 000 home health aides . " Much of what I hear is an argument over who is going to help the working class that ’s been hurt by globalization , more than the retail or restaurant worker who is stuck at a low wage , " said Jared Bernstein , an economist at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a    research group . " We have to be mindful of where those displaced manufacturing Jared Bernstein, an economist at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a   research group have ended up , which is in the    service sector . " Mr. Trump ’s policies , while ostensibly aimed at the middle class , would in fact benefit the rich . His call this week to eliminate the estate tax would Mr. Trump only couples who were able to leave their heirs nearly $ 11 million at death . Estates the estate tax less than that are exempt from taxation . Even his call for Mr. Bernstein greatly expanded tax deduction for child Mr. Trump costs would benefit only households that itemize their taxes , most of them with incomes over $ Even his call for a greatly expanded tax deduction for child care costs , 000 . Mr. Even his call for a greatly expanded tax deduction for child care costs did add that Mrs. Clinton ’s proposals could benefit those workers , even if that was not her focus on the campaign trail . " It ’s Mrs. Clinton’s at all unusual for people running for president not to talk about poverty because the poor are not necessarily the swing voters you ’re trying to pick off , " he said . " But I actually think a lot Mr. Bernstein her proposals would help   —    she just does Mrs. Clinton’s always connect the dots to poverty Mrs. Clinton’s    workers . " 
 