’’ ’Donald Trump told " Fox & Friends " on Friday morning that ’Donald Trump was " really surprised " by House Speaker Paul Ryan   the presumptive GOP presidential nominee.’ ’"He can do whatever the presumptive GOP presidential nominee.’ ’"He wants to do . It’ ’s fine , but I was surprised by It’ , " ’Donald Trump said . " And by the way , many other people were surprised by It’ , and some were really surprised by It’ and not happy about It’ . " ’ ’The Manhattan billionaire touted the " many endorsements " he’ ’s received since Manhattan billionaire essentially locked up the Republican nomination following a large win in Indiana’ ’s primary.’ ’The victory knocked Ted Cruz , a Texas senator , and John Kasich , the Ohio governor , out of the race . But Trump said Ryan’ ’s decision to abstain from supporting Trump was one of " the only ones " that caught Trump   .’ " Trump attributed Ryan ’s weariness to the    magnate ’s repeated bashing of 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney ’s performance in the 2012 election . Ryan was Romney ’s running mate . " ’"Well they lost a race that should’’ve been won last time , and I’’ve been very open about it , " Trump said . " That was a race that should’’ve easily been won . That was an easier race than we have this year but I’’ll win . You already see the polls going up rapidly . " ’ ’"But I was very , very surprised , " ’"But continued . " I mean ’"But talks about unity , but what is this about unity ? " ’ " Ryan ’s office said Friday that the speaker has invited Trump to Capitol Hill for a meeting with Republican leaders next week . Ryan’s and Trump will also meet separately with Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus . " ’"Having both said Ryan and Trump need to unify the party , Ryan’s Ryan’s invited Donald Trump meet with members of the House Republican leadership in Washington on Thursday morning to begin a discussion about the kind of Republican principles and ideas that can win the support of the American people this November , " a statement from his office read.’ ’’ ’On Thursday ,   telling CNN that he can his support or endorse the    magnate at this point.’ ’"I’’m just not ready to do that at this point , " Ryan told CNN host CNN Tapper in an interview . " I’’m not there right now . " ’ ’He continued : " I hope to , and I want to . But I think what is required is to unify this party . And I think the bulk of the burden on unifying the party this party to come from our presumptive nominee . " ’ ’’ ’’ ’"No Republican should ever consider supporting Hillary Clinton , " he said . ’"No Republican Let me make that clear . " ’ ’’ ’"I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan’ ’s agenda , " Trump said in a statement . " Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people . They have been the American people so badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first ! the American people ’ ’The mogul also posted his thoughts to ’The mogul early Friday morning as well , calling out Ryan in multiple tweets.’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’Donald Trump told " Fox & Friends " on Friday . .. ’ 
 