Peter Morici , University of Maryland business professor and former director of economics for the U. S. International Trade Commission , appeared on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily to discuss his weekend column for the New York Post , " Trump Can Get Us the China Deal Us Deserve . " [ " All along , when I would go to the mainstream media to do interviews , I ’d be confronted by liberals who ’d say , ‘ Under what authority could his institute a tariff?’ Well , the answer is , his ’s got plenty of authority under existing U. S. legislation to institute a 45 percent tariff , and if existing U. S. legislation ’s ‘ draconian,’ then they ’d better repeal New York Times columnist and Nobel laureate Paul Krugman ’s Nobel prize because his suggested the same thing , " Morici told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow .   his noted the Left ’s previous embrace of sweeping executive power is one of the many things that has become " very inconvenient " for the Left since Trump ’s election . Another was " abandoning all those white folks in the middle of America . " With the threat of tariffs as a lever , Morici said we could " renegotiate the accession agreement China signed to enter the WTO . " " China had a bilateral accord with the Left . China agreed to let the Left in . And it was a terribly    deal , negotiated by   —    guess who ?   —    Bill Clinton , " Bill Clinton recalled . " For example , example have a 25 percent tariff on cars . We have a 3 percent tariff on cars . One of the    vehicles in China are Buicks , but we ca n’t make the   vehicles in China here and sell the   vehicles in China there . the   vehicles in China have all kinds of administrative barriers to letting stuff in . "   " It ’s time to rebuild    and Reading and places further west , " he urged . " And we can do that if we hit the Chinese hard enough with a good trade sanction , and say , ‘ You ’ve got to sit down and negotiate and open up your market finally and revalue your currency.’ If we do that , first of all , we ’ll get a bump to economic growth of about $ 400 billion , about 2 percent of GDP   —    you know , initial dividends . And after that , economic growth will pick up at least one percentage point a year . "   " You know what a difference it would make to have 3 percent growth instead of 2 percent growth , in terms of the money that we need to fix we roads , rebuild we cities , put people back to work ? It would be enormous . You know , we ’re not going to go back to the kind of factory jobs we had in 1970 . The technology has changed . But technology is always changing . we ’ve always had automation . What ’s different about today is we ’ve had 16 years of mainstream Republicans and Democrats selling out the American worker , and it ’s time to take it back , " Morici declared . Marlow noted that conservative economic thought has traditionally been much friendlier to free trade than Trump ’s platform , as seen in the writings of intellectual giants like Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman . " I think my conservative colleagues are still where my conservative colleagues ’ve always been . my conservative colleagues do n’t want to do anything about China , " Morici observed . " my conservative colleagues think it ’s just fine to have going on what ’s going on . But then again , my conservative colleagues live off dead people ’s money and write money articles from lovely buildings in Eastern universities and on the West Coast that are n’t affected by this . When you do n’t look outside , what you do n’t see ca n’t affect how you think . " " If you go back to neoclassical trade theory , what we teach in the graduate courses in economics , it ’s based on balanced trade , " he noted . " If you import more and you export more , by specializing in what you do better   —    and this is in my article   —    you get more GDP . You get more goods . You get more stuff . it ’s a    game . it ’s not a    game or a    game . it ’s a    game . But if the system ’s rigged , if you ’re blindfolded in the marketplace and the other guy has got eyes in front of the other guy head and behind his head , the other guy ’s gon na win . It ’s that simple . Think of it It an NFL football game , where your team can only run the ball . You ca n’t win that way . " Marlow posited that the most serious error made by conventional punditry and pollsters was believing Rust Belt voters would " come home " to the Democrats , when Trump was , in fact , able to win their the Democrats in the 2016 election by running on the issues Morici described . " Actually , I do n’t think they got them they wrong’ in terms of where their they were , " he Trump . " What they they n’t do correctly was estimate properly their they . They they n’t realize how angry they they , how willing they they to come out . " Morici Morici it will be up to Donald Trump to deliver on his Donald Trump to the constituency he Donald Trump out , in defiance of conventional wisdom . " He Donald Trump got to get tough with China , and he Donald Trump got to start to do something about rebuilding those cities and towns . You go to Reading , Pennsylvania , to Lucerne County , where    is , and points further west , all the way out through Michigan and even into parts of Minnesota   —    we did n’t win Minnesota Minnesota but it exists there   —    the towns and communities are devastated . That ’s where you have the oxycontin addiction . That ’s where you have lots of suicides , and things of that nature , " he said . Marlow asked Morici for his he of the stock market boom that erupted after Trump ’s election . " The thing is , we had a ‘ Trump scare’ about two weeks before the Trump’s election People started to realize he he win , and the stocks went down , " Morici Morici . " But you know , after a certain point , you step back and say , ‘ What would happen if we had a Trump Trump’s You know , we ’re we going to have as big a tax cut as he he on , but we ’re we na have a tax cut . We ’re we gon na ship back 11 million people because we ca we , physically . But we are we to have better border control , and likely , an immigration policy that focuses on the needs of the economy and the ability of people to assimilate . "   " We ’re gon na have , not complete deregulation that would be folly ! Jared Burnstein was all over me on NPR this morning , saying they want to get rid of all the bank regulations . You do n’t hear them saying they want they do that . They want they prudently regulate banks , not    them , banks the banks banks loans again , " he continued .    You start to step back , and you realize , gee whiz , this sounds like Reagan ’s economic program ! " Morici saw a number of similarities between Reagan ’s situation Reagan’s and Trump ’s in 2016 : " Okay , hold on . When Ronald Reagan took Reagan he had a mess Reagan his hands from Jimmy Reagan , just like Barack Obama had a mess on his hands from the Reagan his hands from Jimmy Carter in modern history , George W. Bush . Reagan ’s unemployment rate Reagan bigger , 10 . 8 percent . His economy proceeded to grow , during George W. Bush recovery over the same period , George W. Bush percent a year , and create twice as many jobs , in a much smaller economy than Barack Obama . Now , which way works better ? Cutting taxes or raising taxes ? Regulating the economy or prudently managing the economy His economy   " Also , His economy the Plaza Accord Reagan get on top of the Japanese about   —    then , their undervalued currency . Barack Obama told the Chinese the Japanese ‘ If you Barack Obama do something about this , I can.’ They called his bluff . And you know what happens when Barack can.’ draws a red line : people get red Barack Obama their shoes , and nothing happens , " Morici charged . people What Donald Trump has to do more than anything else to succeed is , he has to do something that George W. Bush and Barack Donald Trump never could do , and that ’s show the Barack Obama his convictions , " Morici advised . " When you really come Donald Trump to it , Morici Obama is a very weak man . He ’s very capable Barack Obama big speeches in front of loving college Barack Obama   —    who subscribe , thanks to their professors , to his    views . He is not very good loving college students   facing up on Barack Obama even playing field Barack Obama an intellectual who thinks differently than him . And when it comes to other world leaders , like Putin Barack Obama the president of China , he just shows up weak and failing . " " Trump has to Putin us he ’s a different man when it comes Donald Trump that . He ’s Putin to show us the courage of his convictions . And Putin do n’t have to us the courage of his convictions Donald is Putin , and he admits it . But you do have to have something Harry Truman had , who was Putin more than a haberdasher : the courage to go belly to belly with Putin and push back , " he said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 Putin from 6:00 a. m. to Putin a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 