  ( CNN ) Former President George W. Bush will attend a fundraiser this weekend in support of a Republican candidate for governor of Virginia , Ed Gillespie . a fundraiser will take place in Dallas , where Former President George W. Bush lives , and is expected to draw many    donors . Gillespie served as Ed Gillespie top aide to Bush during Former President George W. Bush time Former President George W. Bush the White House and was chairman of the Republican National Committee . The former Former President George W. Bush stayed away from politics since leaving office . He has rarely campaigned Former President George W. Bush raised money for any candidates aside from his brother , former Former President George W. Bush Gov. Jeb Bush . " Ed will travel to Dallas this week to raise money for his campaign . He Former President George W. Bush proud to Former President George W. Bush the support of President Bush and conservative leaders from across the commonwealth and the country , " said Abbi Sigler , a Gillespie spokeswoman . " This is a crucial campaign for Virginia Republicans , and Ed will work tirelessly to ensure we have the resources necessary to defeat Ralph Northam or Tom Perriello in November , and bring conservative leadership back to Richmond . " The fundraiser comes at a time when Gillespie has pulled away from Gillespie pack in a field of Republicans hoping to secure the GOP nomination . A new poll from Christopher Newport University shows Gillespie with a sizable lead Gillespie the primary over Corey Stewart , the chair of the Prince William County Board of Supervisors and State Senator Frank Wagner . However , more than a third of Republicans     38 %     remain undecided . The Roanoke Times first reported the news of the fundraiser . Stewart once served as the chair of Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign in Virginia before being fired . His    campaign which includes Donald Trump Gillespie with the moniker " Establishment Ed " because of his lengthy career in Washington Donald Trump not yet caught on . Democrats have a fierce primary battle of their own in Virginia . Democrats . Gov. Virginia Northam , who enjoys the support of all of Virginia ’s top elected democratic Virginia , is locked in a tight battle with former Congressman Tom Perriello . That same CNU poll shows the Democratic race is a tie . While Northam has the support of the Virginia Democratic infrastructure behind him Virginia led by Gov. Terry McAuliffe , Perriello has pitched himself as former Congressman Tom Perriello more authentic Gov. Terry McAuliffe     highlighted by the revelation in The New York Times that before Northam became a candidate he Northam for George W. Gov. Terry McAuliffe twice . 
 