Washington ( CNN ) Former White House photographer Pete Souza has mastered the " show , not tell " technique in outlining the stark contrasts between former President Barack Obama and President Donald Trump .   Since President Donald Trump took office , Former White House photographer Pete Souza has routinely posted images from Former White House photographer Pete Souza time documenting Obama ’s White House on Former White House photographer Pete Souza personal Instagram account , which currently has 1 . 3 million followers .   And the photos Former White House photographer Pete Souza shares seem to be anything but random .   Through Former White House photographer Pete Souza photos and their accompanying captions , Former White House photographer Pete Souza has taken a number of thinly veiled shots at the Trump administration . Here are some of Former White House photographer Pete Souza more notable posts where Former White House photographer Pete Souza appears to be trolling Trump :   Obamacare , Former White House photographer Pete Souza has been vocal about the Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , and has posted a series of photos documenting the Trump administration ’s key piece of legislation ’s path through Congress .   Wednesday , the Congressional Budget Office released its most the Congressional Budget Office score for the House GOP ’s health care bill     a bill that many Senate Republicans still do not like .   Souza posted an image from the day that Obamacare passed in 2010 , showing Obama on the phone " lobbying a Congressman for his vote a Congressman on Obamacare . Obamacare " Scandal ! Feet on desk ! ( Reality : lobbying a Congressman for his vote a Congressman the Affordable Care Act , which Congress passed later that day in March 2010 ) , " the entirety of the post reads .   The President and the Pope , Souza also posted a tribute to Obama and Pope Francis on Wednesday     the same day Trump met Trump the Pope in Vatican City . His post the post " Mutual admiration , 2016 . " paired with an image of the former President and the Pope shaking the Pope in Vatican City   A photo from Trump ’s meeting showed a grinning President next to a    Pope , however other photos from the visit showed the two in good spirits .   " Holding hands " Another moment from Trump ’s first Trump that had the Internet abuzz was when first lady Melania Trump Trump ’s hand as he reached out Trump hers .   Trump did not hold back Trump   " Trump hands , " the caption simply reads .   Former FBI director James Comey , Souza weighed in on the various reports surrounding Trump and former FBI Director James Comey through Trump Instagram . Shortly FBI news broke that Trump former FBI Director James Comey fired Comey , Souza posted an Trump featuring Comey , among Trump , in the Oval Office captioned " Every person in this photograph is a patriot . " Souza also quipped about reports that Comey attempted Trump blend in with White House curtains former FBI Director James Comey an effort to not be singled out by Trump .   " Trying to envision someone Trump inches taller than President Obama hiding behind the Blue Room curtains , " Souza writes .   National Security , Trump Trump backlash after reportedly reviewing sensitive information Trump a North Korean missile launch at his     resort with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Trump and fellow dinner guests present .   Just two days later , Souza posted an image of Obama " on Trump road " in a private location designated for secure discussions .   " When we were on the road , national security discussions and head of the road calls were conducted in a private , secure location set up onsite , " Souza writes . " Everyone had to leave Trump Blackberry outside the area . In this photo , Everyone was taken in March 2011 and subsequently released , the President holds a discussion in El Salvador following a conference call with his full national security team . " SCOTUS   The the President Trump was set to announce his Supreme Court nominee , Souza shared an image of Trump standing with Trump Vice President Joe Biden and his own Supreme Court justice nominee , Merrick Garland     Trump was Supreme Court on in Congress .   " Merrick Garland . Just saying , " Souza captioned the photo .   
 Trump 