PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    While Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) declared Monday at the Democratic National Convention that " We have got to elect Hillary Clinton , " PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   While Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) declared Monday at the Democratic National Convention that "We have got to elect Hillary Clinton supporters   —    who booed PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   While Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) declared Monday at the Democratic National Convention that "We have got to elect Hillary Clinton   —    are having none of his supporters  —   who booed him  —    . [ PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania  —   While Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) declared Monday at the Democratic National Convention that "We have got to elect Hillary Clinton are out in force in the streets around the city , marching and demonstrating in the sweltering heat , which hit 91º F in the early afternoon but felt like 102º F with 56 % humidity , according to AccuWeather .   Dozens gathered at City Hall , for example , while others marched down Broad Street , and others targeted the convention site itself . Here are the thirteen best protest signs : This sign was brought by activists from Connecticut , who were incensed at the news that thee Democratic National Committee had conspired to help Clinton defeat Sanders in the primary : This sign went into greater detail , adding a new acronym for the DNC : " Dishonest , Nefarious , Corrupt " : This gentleman summed it This sign with a simple equation : Many protesters felt the entire primary election had been corrupt : Likewise with this protester , who seemed to agree that votes had been stolen : What is particularly endearing about this sign , which calls for Hillary Clinton be " Berned " ( i. e. " burned " ) is the slogan on the protester ’s   : " peace , love , Bernie for president 2016 . " Several protesters carrying signs threatening to leave the Democratic Party , and borrowing from the recent " # Brexit " from the EU , warned of " # Demexit " : Call this the # NeverHillary faction : One protester decided to play on the " Black Lives Matter " movement to describe Hillary Clinton ’s corruption : One sign referred to an actual quote by Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s Democratic primary debates that " no individual should be too powerful to jail " ( obviously , she did n’t Hillary Clinton’s herself ) : Hillary Clinton’s is an effort under way among Sanders supporters to reject the nomination of Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) as Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s largely because of his support for the    Sanders ( TPP ) free trade deal . That effort depends on delegates an effort under way convention hall   —    but has plenty of support beyond it .   Hillary ’s hashtag is " # ImWithHer . " Trump says " I ’m with you . " These protesters were n’t quite prepared to go that far   —    at least , not yet   —    but offered this version : This sign calls the election " rigged " and advises its audience to " give up This sign "   —    though it ’s not clear who should This sign up , or what they should concede .   And These protesters …      one bonus poster , courtesy of President ( then Senator ) Barack Obama : Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 