  ( CNN ) North Korea fired four ballistic missiles early Monday morning in what Japan ’s leader described as " an extremely dangerous action . " A fifth missile failed to launch , a US official told CNN .    Military authorities in North Korea , Japan Japan the United States all confirmed the launch of four projectiles , which traveled almost 1 , 000 kilometers ( 620 miles ) towards the Sea of Japan Japan also known as the East Sea .   One US official said they Military authorities in South Korea, Japan and the United States all    missiles . Three landed inside Japan Japan exclusive economic zone , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said , which extends 200 nautical miles from its Japan , according to international maritime law .   The launch underscored the rapid evolution of North Korea ’s weapons program , which experts say has begun moving at a faster rate to develop and deploy missiles .   " They Military authorities in South Korea, Japan and the United States all a launch a month ago , they Military authorities in South Korea, Japan and the United States all now launching ( more ) in 30 days . That ’s a third of the time they Military authorities in South Korea, Japan and the United States all to need , " said Carl Schuster , a professor at Hawaii Pacific University . Jeffrey Lewis , director of the    East Asia Nonproliferation Program , told CNN the North Koreans’ recent behavior was the sort " you see from a state that is planning to deploy nuclear weapons to its North Koreans’ units . " Washington watching , Later on Monday , two US officials told CNN CNN US intelligence is closely monitoring the underground nuclear test site via satellite amid signs the regime could be preparing for another underground test .   While an underground test is impossible to predict , officials say some signs of activity at the site are similar to those that occurred just before the last test . A US official also said that Washington is continuing to see activity including missile engine tests at another North Korean launch site , that signal potential additional launches     which the US widely expects . The A US official the launch did not involve one of North Korea ’s more advanced missiles in development such as the Musudan missile .    Escalation , Speaking to the Japanese Parliament , Abe said Monday the launch the launch clear violation of UN Security Council resolutions . Experts said the move was almost certainly in reaction to joint military exercises between South Korea and the US , which Pyongyang views as preparations for an invasion . British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson also condemned the missile launches , calling them a threat joint military exercises between South Korea and the US, which Pyongyang views as preparations for an invasion international peace and security . The launch took the missile launches    in North Korea ’s North Pyongan province . A spokesperson for South Korea ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff said the missiles flew as high as 260 kilometers ( 162 miles ) . Speaking to CNN , a US official said a preliminary assessment found that North Korea launched a total of five    SCUD missiles , one of which failed .   The other four landed in the sea , the official said . a US official missile launches did not involve any of North Korea ’s more advanced North Korea in development , such as the Musudan .   ’Grave violation’ Acting President Hwang    told the South Korean National Security Council Monday he strongly condemned North Korea ’s Acting President Hwang    . " North Korea’s direct challenge to the international community and a grave violation , " he said . " Having seen the brutality Acting President Hwang    North Korea from Kim Jong Nam , I North Korea’s the consequences of the Kim Jong Un regime having nuclear weapons will be horrible , " he said , referring to the killing of the Acting President Hwang    Korean leader ’s estranged half brother at Kuala Lumpur airport last month . North Korea has denied any involvement in his death North Korea’s The US State Department said it estranged half brother at Kuala Lumpur airport last month " prepared to use the full range of The US State Department at our disposal against this growing threat . " " The DPRK ’s provocations only serve to increase the international community ’s resolve to counter the DPRK ’s prohibited weapons of mass destruction programs , The DPRK Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement . Speaking at his regular daily press briefing , Geng Shuang , China ’s Ministry acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner Foreign Affairs spokesman , said they opposed the North Korean launch , adding it was in violation Geng Shuang, China’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman UN resolutions . " China has also the North Korean launch that the US and South Korea are holding China military exercises targeting North Korea , " he said . " Under current circumstances , all relevant sides should exercise restraint , and avoid actions that would the US and South Korea and escalate tensions . " Foal Eagle drills , South Korea and United States’ annual military exercises , known as Foal Eagle and South Korea countries say are defensive in nature , began March 1 and are expected the US and South Korea until April 30 .    North Korea has already denounced this year ’s exercises through state media service KCNA . " North Korea the US imperialists and the South Korean puppet forces again kicked off the dangerous nuclear war drills against the DPRK at its doorstep , our army will counter them with the toughest counteractions , " it said . the DPRK exercises usually draw condemnation and retribution our army Pyongyang .   " They ( our army ) making this year’s exercises that as long as the US continues these exercises , North our army will keep taking steps to bolster their deterrent , " Jeffrey Lewis , Adjunct Professor at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey our army told CNN . During last year ’s drills , North Korea fired multiple    to    missiles and announced it could place nuclear warheads on its weapons North Korea Korean missile tests , This is n’t the first North Korea North Korea has launched multiple North Korea over this distance . In September 2016 , North Korea launched three ballistic North Korea 1 , 000 kilometers to land in Japan ’s Air Defense Identification Zone North Korea a strong response from the country . Monday ’s launch comes weeks after North Korea    a new type of missile , the    a Japan ballistic missile . That missile was also North Korea North Pyongan province and traveled 500 kilometers ( 310 miles ) before landing in the Sea of North Korea   a new type of missile, the   a   range ballistic missile   The launch happened while Abe was in the United States visiting President Donald Trump . North Korean state media reported that Kim Jong Monday’s launch oversaw the operation . 
 