  ( CNN ) Winning the presidency did n’t change Donald Trump     and it ’s increasingly clear that actually being president wo n’t change Donald Trump     either .   Dramas roiling the   ’s transition process in recent days show Donald Trump     to be the same , mercurial , sometimes    gregarious ,    media taunting and unpredictable figure who won a stunning election upset . From the outside , the intrigue and internal feuding between competing power factions in the Donald Trump     orbit , Donald Trump     explosive tweeting and wrenching changes of political positions suggest a chaotic approach to forming a government . But there ’s a simple truth that links all the controversies that have gathered around the    in the three weeks since Donald Trump     won the election : Donald Trump     is determined to be Donald Trump     . The clearest sign that Donald Trump     has no intention of changing , despite Donald Trump     new responsibilities , has emerged in a volley of controversial tweets in the last two days . " In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally , " the    fumed in a tweet     based on a falsehood     that underscored Donald Trump     enduring addiction to conspiracy theories . Trump turned to social media again late Monday when Trump retweeted supporters who blasted CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny for reporting that debunked the   ’s claims of voter fraud as baseless .   On Tuesday , Trump unleashed a new controversy on Twitter , saying that those who burn the American flag should perhaps be jailed or lose those who burn the American flag citizenship . The Supreme Court has twice ruled that flag burning is an expression of free speech , so Trump ’s tweet raised new fears about Trump attitude towards the Constitution that Trump will swear to defend January 20 . Source : Trump ’irritated’ by Conway attacks on Romney , Washington establishment types , analysts and reporters long waited in vain for Trump ’s pivot to a more conventional style , looking for change when Trump’s became the GOP ’s frontrunner , GOP nominee and   . But apart from a few periods of restraint , Trump’s has appeared most comfortable sticking to the bulldozing style that has been Trump’s trademark as a real estate mogul , a reality star and a political candidate . Not a campaign , Trump’s supporters are happy with the    as Trump’s is . After all , Trump’s attacks on political correctness and vows to blow the Washington system to smithereens are the reason many people voted for Trump’s . But the presidency is not a campaign . Trump’s may at some point need the weight of public opinion to mobilize lawmakers to pass an agenda that differs significantly with conservative Republican orthodoxy . Antics that hurt Trump’s image may make that more difficult . And Trump’s ’s behavior during Trump’s transition is also beginning to raise broader questions about how Trump’s will adapt to the constraints of the office Trump’s is about to inherit . They include unknowns about how Trump’s impulsive ,    style of leadership and considerable ego will fit in a job dripping with centuries of custom and history . Americans will have to judge whether outbursts on Twitter or false claims , such as Sunday ’s on the popular vote , are appropriate for someone who will soon be a democratic head of state and the    . Nightcap : Recount begins in Wisconsin two more could come soon | Sign up , Then there is the question of whether Trump ’s tongue will get Trump’s into trouble in a job in which an intemperate word by the President can cause an immediate foreign policy crisis . In short , will Trump’s change the presidency , or will the the presidency Trump’s ? " While I think that the President shapes the office to some extent , I also think the office the office the President " said John Burke , a University of Vermont professor who has written several books on presidential transitions . " Trump’s is going to be more constrained than Trump’s has been as a candidate . The big question is how constrained is Trump’s going to be ? That we do n’t know . " Trump falsely claims ’millions Trump people who voted illegally’ cost Trump’s popular vote , Those hoping Trump will become a more responsible , conventional figure when Trump’s is actually in the Oval Office include President Barack Obama himself , whose most recent encounter with Trump’s successor came over the phone Saturday . " Campaigning is different from governing . I think Trump’s recognizes that , " Obama said in a    press conference . " I think what will happen with the    is there are going to be certain elements of Trump’s temperament that will not serve Trump’s well unless Trump’s recognizes them and corrects them . "   them says he is ready to Trump the awesome responsibilities of the presidency , but has given few signs he will moderate his Trump persona when Trump reaches the White Trump . " I feel comfortable . I feel comfortable . I am awed by the job , as anybody would be , " Trump told The New Trump Times editorial board last week .   Still , no one can be fully prepared for the sudden shock of responsibility that will hit them when they became president   them    and Trump , as a Trump neophyte , faces a steeper learning curve than most .   Attitudes and demeanor , So it ’s possible that Trump ’s attitudes and Trump in the transition period may not be a foolproof guide to his conduct while president   —    however much he is determined not his change . " He will be shaped his the duties , he will be shaped his the speed and unpredictability by the speed at which everything happens , " said Professor Karen Hult , a presidential scholar and transition expert at Virginia Tech University . " At least since Richard Nixon , presidents have found that there is nothing that prepares you to be president until you get there . " Sunday ’s outburst was not the only sign that the unorthodox approach that Trump brought to the campaign is not being tempered as his presidency nears . Trump calls for assessment Trump Electoral College , He went on a Trump against the cast of " Hamilton " for , in his eyes , insulting Trump vice presidential nominee Trump Pence . He ’s tolerated leaks Trump public sparring among aides on cable television about his possible choice of Trump Romney , an ultimate establishment figure , as secretary of state . His choice of Stephen Trump for a top White House post stirred disbelief among critics worried about links to the white nationalist movement .   In a stunning move on Sunday , Trump ’s campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , speaking on CNN ’s " State of the Union " slammed her boss ’s flirtation "State of the Union" Romney for the State Department as an insult to his political base . Romney Trump has seemingly changed Trump’s on a dime , apparently rowing back from support for waterboarding and watering down his plan for a Trump’s all the way across the Mexican border , leading to confusion as to exactly what he plans to do Trump’s President . Jaw droppers , Trump ’s own carefully Trump’s appearances have also contained jaw droppers . For instance , he brazenly suggested that even Trump’s he is willing to set Trump’s a firewall between his vast business empire and Trump’s White House to ward Trump’s possible conflict of interest concerns , he may be under no Trump’s to do so . " The law is totally on my side , meaning , the President ca n’t have a conflict of interest , " Trump told the Times , alarming critics who fear he has authoritarian tendencies and the President breach ethical norms . CNN anchor , Trump transition spokesman debate constitutionality of flag burning , In another unprecedented move , Trump invited his daughter Ivanka Trump — Trump who he has tapped to run Trump businesses when President   Trump    into a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . The    is also running his search for top talent Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a reality show . He relishes being the center Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe attention as he herds potential cabinet picks Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a gallery of cameras at Trump Tower or his New Jersey golf resort Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Some potential appointees , like Romney , former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani and others are left hanging in a media frenzy with no clear word on their fate . Far from former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani and others the storm , Trump is whipping it up . Who could Trump in Trump ’s Cabinet ? " Trump with General Petraeus     was very impressed ! " Trump tweeted on Monday , thickening Trump intrigue over the jockeying for position over the post of secretary of state and other cabinet positions . Soon after he met Petraeus , Trump sources Trump that the    Trump sit down with Romney for dinner on Tuesday Romney   —    stirring the pot of speculation a little more . The period between now and the Christmas holiday will be crucial to Trump ’s hopes of quickly assembling Trump ready to spring into action on day one of his presidency . With his presidency mind , there are some concerns that the drama and discord surrounding the transition might be undermining Trump ’s task in uniting nation after a Trump which he tore at racial and societal divides . " his are important for a number of reasons , " said Burke . " One of the reasons is to reintroduce the person not as a political candidate but as a     —    a recasting of how both the public and Congress perceive this president the President " And , " Burke said , " I do n’t think we are Burke a lot of change . " 
 