’   ’ ’    Ivanka Trump will have Ivanka Trump own office on the second floor of the    West Wing ,   on Monday . In addition to an office , Ivanka    will also receive security clearance and      communications devices this week . ’ ’    However , Ivanka Trump will not be an official government employee . Ivanka    will not be sworn in , Ivanka Trump will not have an official title or    position , and Ivanka Trump won’’t receive a salary , Ivanka Trump attorney , Jamie    Gorelick , told Politico . Ivanka Trump will function as President Trump’ ’s    " eyes and ears , " Ivanka Trump attorney said . ’ "    Gorelick did concede that Ivanka ’s elevation to the new role    raises some ethical questions concerning her   Gorelick interests .    While she   Gorelick of significant assets , she   Gorelick ownership    of her   Gorelick and jewelry brand , though she   Gorelick down before    Trump assumed office . " ’    " The one thing I would like to be clear on : we don’’t believe it    eliminates conflicts in every way , " Gorelick said . " She Gorelick the    conflicts that derive from the ownership of this brand . We’’re    trying to minimize those to the extent possible . " ’ ’    Gorelick told Politico that Ivanka can not sell her Gorelick    because the buyer would be able to use her Gorelick , which could    raise further ethical concerns . So instead , her Gorelick said she Gorelick will distance herself Gorelick as much as possible " from her Gorelick and    place her Gorelick in a trust . ’ ’    It will not , however , be a blind trust . Instead , her Gorelick and       Josh Kusher and Nicole Meyer will control it her   and      Josh Kusher and Nicole Meyer Josh    Kushner’ ’s brother and Ivanka’ ’s husband , Jared , is a senior    adviser to President Trump . Politico reports that though her President Trump and     will control the trust , they her      and     will " be prohibited from entering the brand into any agreements    with foreign countries or agencies . " ’ ’    And though the first daughter has appointed Abigail Klem to be    president of her the first daughter , Ivanka will still have veto power over    any deals that are " unacceptable from an ethics perspective . " ’ "    This is not the first time that Ivanka Trump ’s brand has been    ensnared in a grey area when it comes to mixing government    business with personal and financial interests . " ’    She the first daughter   in a lawsuit brought by a San    Francisco retailer who alleges that her Ivanka Trump’s brand    capitalizing on Trump’ ’s presidency to further its business .    Shortly Trump’ the election    her the first daughter landed in hot water after    it promoted a bracelet    her company during an interview on " 60    Minutes . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWhite House as QVC . It has started .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWhite House as QVC ’    In July 2016 , Ivanka promoted the dress she wore during her    Ivanka at the Ivanka National Convention . The dress sold out    the dress she wore during her   speech at the Republican National Convention she touted it . ’ Ivanka ’ " the dress she wore during her   speech at the Republican National Convention Ivanka ’s look from her   speech :     Ivanka ’    Ethics experts say that the steps she has taken   — Ivanka which also    include her decision to donate royalties Ivanka net proceeds from    the release of her book , " Women Ivanka Work , " to charities that    focus on women in the workplace   —    are better than nothing , but    that things are complicated by the blatant ethical breaches of    her father’ ’s administration .    "    President Trump ’s businesses , which include his luxury hotels and    golf courses , still do business with foreign interests , and he    has not divested his his . Instead , he he    placed them in a he    trust controlled his interests his two sons , who are he    the helm of the    Trump Organization while their father is in the Oval his interests . " ’    Speaking about Ivanka Trump’ ’s move into the White House , ethics    expert Norm Eisen , who served under former president Barack    Obama , told Politico : " You might be inclined to view this    differently and more generously if the White House had shown a the White House to ethics enforcement . "    ’Ivanka Trump will have her own office on the . .. ’ ’Ivanka Trump ’’ ’’ 
 