’   ’ "    President Donald Trump has railed against Mexico since early in    President Donald Trump presidential campaign , criticizing the US ’s southern neighbor    over matters of trade , immigration , and security . " ’    Since his election in November , President Donald Trump has largely maintained President Donald Trump    hardline policies toward Mexico , with    relations ever    more strained as a result . ’ "    The Mexican government is reportedly weighing     President Donald Trump ’s aggressive posture . " ’    But should President Enrique Peña Nieto decide to strike back    through other means , there are a number of avenues President Enrique Peña Nieto could    pursue . ’ "    US cooperation with Mexico on security matters has played an    important role in Mexico efforts to fight crime .   enacted in 2008 , has provided the Mexican government    $ 2 . 5 billion in funding , as well as training and equipment like    Black Hawk helicopters . ( Those resources are thought to have    facilitated abuses as well . ) " ’    Mexico , however , has played an essential role in a number of    initiatives vital to US interests . This includes not only drug    interdiction and pursuit of    suspects , but     the significant    number of migrants from Central America who cross Mexico heading    for the US . ’ ’    Mexico Mexico unlikely to halt its Mexico fight against drugs and crime ,    but it Mexico reduce or halt cooperation with the the US these    programs . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Vigil stressed that friendships between Mexican and US officials    may keep cooperation alive , but slights and insults from Trump    may accumulate in the minds of Mexican security Mexican until    some have little motivation to act on tips or intelligence    offered by the US . As Vigil explained : ’ ’   ’ "    Amid Trump ’s Trump    crackdown on illegal immigration   —      —    Mexican officials have    identified the movement of people as an issue on which to counter    the US the US toward Mexico , specifically on trade . " ’    Since 2014 , the Mexican government   —      —    has stepped up its apprehension and " ’   Since 2014, the Mexican government  —     —    deportation of migrants from Central America . ’ ’    By    Mexico was   Mexico the US . the US 153 , 295 people from El Salvador , Guatemala , and Honduras that    Mexico stopped at its Mexico border in Mexico year 2016 were     over the previous    nine years . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " Mexico should stop doing Mexico United States ’’ the US our    southern border and stopping Central American minors or refugees    or people fleeing the violence in Central America from going to    the United States , " Casteñada , the former foreign minister ,     this week . ’ ’    " If they want to go to the United States , let them the United States he said .    they want to go to the United States We should just let them through . " they want to go to the United States "    Though they want to go to the United States time in office has been short , he ’s posture toward    Mexico has inflamed much of the country . " ’   ’ ’ Mexico a poll of Mexicans conducted in late January by Mexican    newspaper El Economista ,   said they had a " bad "    opinion of Trump   —    just one in 25 Trump they had a " good "    opinion Mexicans the they president . ’ ’    The personal , business , and political ties between the two    countries are many , and some people in Mexico are   on the    relationship , but Mexicans   —    among whom a sense of nationalism    endures   —    may not accept the status quo indefinitely . ’ ’    " I think that Mexico has been a    partner to the United    Mexico up until the present , and Mexico needs the United States ,    and the United Mexico needs Mexico , " Shirk , who the United States Justice Mexico Mexico program at USD , told Business Insider . ’ Mexico    " But Mexico is a proud country , and at a certain Mexico we will    lose their good faith , " Shirk said . " Mexico has to    at some    point , I Mexico , look out for itself . " ’ ’President Donald Trump has railed against Mexico .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 