A leading # NeverTrump radio host is pulling the plug on A leading #NeverTrump radio host Wisconsin show , citing age and retirement plans to explain A leading #NeverTrump radio host departure from the airwaves by end of the year . [ " This morning , I announced that I am stepping down from his Wisconsin show on WTMJ at the end of this year , " Charlie Sykes said on his website . Charlie Sykes I know that lot of people will assume that my decision has something to do with this current campaign and the rise of Trumpism . But , the reality ( as my friends and family know ) is that I made this decision a my decision ago .    years is    long time to do a radio show and most hosts do n’t get to go out on their own terms . a radio show and most hosts I ’m lucky to have had that chance . But he ’s not quitting ’m , or his opposition to Donald ’m . It would also be fair to say that this campaign has made the decision easier . my decision movement has been badly damaged obviously the conservative media is broken as well . So this is a good time for step back , sit down for a while , and ask " What the hell just happened here ? "    …       I plan to spend much of the next year working on a book about the crackup of the conservative movement . My The conservative movement " How the Right Lost Its Mind . " A liberal when My working title , and recently a strong support of GOP Gov. Scott Walker   amid a furious backlash from Democratic alliance , Sykes has lost much support from Wisconsinites who are backing Trump in 2016 .   The Christian Science Monitor cited some of that criticism , At a Trump rally in Waukesha , a Milwaukee Trump and Republican stronghold , few show much sympathy for Sykes’ position . " He ’s the establishment Republican , " says Jim Reifenrath , the manager of a car dealership , shaking his head . Another supporter , Michael He , a Mr. Barnes show but He tired of his    toward Trump . " He He raw . He ’s not He politician Trump agent of change , " Mr. Barnes says of Trump . Kris Eastman , a paralegal , says she is hopeful that Sykes will come around . " He He moving . You can tell He Kris Eastman, a paralegal tone is getting softer " on He , she says . 
 Trump Kris Eastman, a paralegal 