Kenansville , North Carolina ( CNN ) Donald Trump thinks black communities in the US are " absolutely in the worst shape that black communities in the US ’ve ever been in before . " Donald Trump made the comment as Donald Trump rallied supporters here on Tuesday and made Donald Trump usual " what do you have to lose " pitch to    voters     few of whom attended Donald Trump rally in this rural part of this battleground state . " We ’re going to rebuild We inner cities because We    communities are absolutely in the worst shape that our   communities ’ve ever been in before . Ever . Ever . Ever , " Trump said to approving nods from the nearly    crowd . " You take a look at the inner cities , you get no education , you get no jobs , you get shot walking down the street . no jobs ’re worse     I mean , honestly , places like Afghanistan are safer than some of our inner cities , " Trump continued . " And I think it ’s resonating . " Trump comments came despite the fact that    in the US have faced dramatically worse circumstances throughout history     from slavery to Jim Crow laws . President Barack Obama , the first black US president , took on similar assertions by Trump last Saturday while speaking Congressional Black Caucus gala . " You may have heard Hillary ’s opponent in this election say that there ’s never been a worse time to be a black person . I mean , he missed that whole civics lesson about slavery or Jim Crow , " Obama had said . " But we ’ve got a museum for he to visit , so he can tune in . we will educate he . " In harsh rebuke of Trump , Obama referred to the businessman as " somebody who has fought against civil rights and fought against equality and who has shown no regard for working people most of the businessman life . " On Trump ’s quest to win over    voters , Obama quipped : " Well , we do have challenges , but we ’re not stupid . "   Obama has made a concerted effort to reach out to black voters over the last month , including visiting a predominantly black church in Detroit , and visiting the water plant and a church in the    city of Flint , Michigan .   But his visit Obama Flint was marred in controversy after the church a predominantly black church in Detroit Trump to keep him from leveling political Trump . He was Obama met with hecklers there who called out his record Obama a landlord in New York , where he faced Obama civil rights lawsuit from the Justice Department in 1973     which Trump settled     alleging Trump discriminated Obama black tenants . Critics have also panned Trump ’s outreach to Trump painting the lives of black Americans in    and bleak terms .    has argued that black Trump should flock to his candidacy because he will Trump fix it Trump and has slammed his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton Trump seeing black Americans as votes , not as people     even though she has a history of Trump civil rights issues and more than       support Clinton , according to recent polling . Trump ’s support with    stands in the low single digits according to recent national polls . Despite his words aimed at drawing Trump voters to his campaign , Trump on Trump did not Trump the most police recent shooting of an unarmed    American man . Terence Crutcher , a     black man , was shot by police Friday night in Tulsa , Oklahoma . Clinton addressed the shooting earlier Tueaday on recent shooting of an unarmed   American man Steve Harvey Morning Show , " calling it " unbearable " and arguing recent shooting of an unarmed   American man the need to " tackle systemic racism . " 
 