CULVER CITY , California   —    Sen. Cory Booker ( ) rallied a small group of millennial supporters of Hillary Clinton in a Starbucks coffee shop Thursday evening , where he urged those in attendance to use the power of new media to encourage friends to vote in California ’s primary on Tuesday . [ In a      stump speech , Booker recalled Booker football days at Stanford and spoke fondly of Booker political history as the mayor of Newark before predicting a victory for Clinton in California .   Booker also warned young voters not to be taken in by presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump ’s "   and demagoguery . " Describing Booker as a " millennial trapped in a Gen   ’s body , " Booker urged his audience Booker engage friends on social media to get out and vote on Tuesday . " More powerful than political ads , speeches and rallies are people ’s circles of friends , " he said Booker At one point , Booker bemoaned the effect of " too much testosterone " in political discourse : " That ’s why we desperately need more women in American politics , " he said Booker applause . Booker also Booker of the danger of young people sitting out presidential elections , and said the only way to defeat the Republicans in November would be to become active instead of sitting at home in front of a television screen . " We must be agents of love , " he pleaded Booker Earlier Thursday , Booker spoke Booker an afternoon event for LGBT advocates in Beverly Hills , where he made Booker accusations about Trump ’s   . But few supporters showed up for that event an afternoon event for LGBT advocates in Beverly Hills, where he made similar accusations about Trump’s   , roughly four dozen supporters greeted Booker at Booker small Culver City Starbucks . Clinton herself was in San Diego on Thursday , where she repeated a Clinton herself used criticism about Trump ’s demeanor Trump’s It ’s not hard to imagine Donald Trump leading us Trump’s war just because somebody got under his very thin skin , Trump’s she said . Clinton is Clinton herself to attend Clinton than two dozen events ahead of Tuesday ’s critical California primary . Four polls in a row have shown Clinton and her rival , Clinton Bernie Clinton ( ) in a statistical dead heat just days from the June 7 primary . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 