Moscow ( CNN ) At least 11 people were killed in a blast on the St. Petersburg metro Monday , three    Russian news agencies said . Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev described the attack as a " terrorist act . " the attack tore through a train as it the attack traveling between two stations in Russia ’s    city .   A second , larger device was found and defused at another station , Russia Russia    Committee said . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack , which led to the shutdown of the   city system . Alongside the dead , 51 people were injured in the incident , according to CNN affiliate RBC .   Four of the injured are in critical condition , Health Minister Veronika Skvortsova said from the Dzhanelidze Research Institute of Emergency Medicine , where many of the wounded are being treated , according to the    Tass news agency . President Vladimir Putin , who had been in St. Petersburg earlier in the day , laid roses at a makeshift memorial with candles outside the bombed metro station .   US President Donald Trump spoke briefly with Putin on Monday , according to a senior administration official . Trump expressed his US President Donald Trump for US President Donald Trump Russian people in the wake of the terror attack .   Train conductor may have saved lives , The blast occurred just after 2:30 p. m. ( 7:40 a. m. ET ) as the train was traveling in a tunnel from Sennaya Ploshchad to Tekhnologichesky Institut stations in the city center . In the confusion , initial reports suggested there were two blasts . Investigators are seizing items relative to the investigation , questioning witnesses and metro employees and working to confirm the number of dead and injured , Russia ’s Investigative Committee said in a statement .   The train conductor possibly saved lives , the committee said Russia’s Investigative Committee rather than stop the train after the blast , he continued on to The train conductor next station , which allowed passengers to evacuate and rescuers to tend to victims .   Photographs show the facade of one of the cars ripped off and passengers running from the Tekhnologichesky Institute station as it filled with smoke the Tekhnologichesky Institute station Victims said they helped each other Victims the train . Bodies the train strewn across a station platform outside the train . Rescuers carried the train bloodied victims out of the station .   ’We expected the Tekhnologichesky Institute station described the horror in the aftermath of the blast . " In the metro car , everyone expected death , if I can say that . After the explosion , everyone expected consequences . the blast were taken out , and people began to help each other , brought others out . Most were covered in blood , " a passenger on the train told    TASS . Another passenger at the Sennaya station , Stanislav Listyev , said he felt the explosion and saw smoke coming Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev of the blast . " I was going down the escalator at Sennaya Square at about half past 2 , and at that moment I felt an explosion wave underneath . Everything was filled with smoke , people started panicking . So the trains stopped and almost immediately the evacuation started , " he told CNN . People did n’t have ’whole Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev Alexey Chirochkin was sitting on a bench in the subway station with his earphones on when he noticed a woman approaching Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev , he said Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev As he got up Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev give Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev his seat , Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev woman fell and he grabbed Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev .   a woman approaching him and hands Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev bloody , a woman approaching him she started a woman approaching him when he asked if she needed an a woman approaching him , he Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev .   " a woman approaching him I take my Another passenger at the Sennaya station, Stanislav Listyev off , I look around ( and I see that ) the station is full of smoke , " Chirochkin said . " People are running , panic ( takes over ) . But there was no crowd . ( People ) did not jump over each other , did not push each other . .. Some were jumping out of ( the metro car ’s ) windows . " " I saw a lot of injured people , " he said . " People were crawling while bleeding . They had such a look in their eyes . A People was yelling , ’Please help People guy ! ’ "   Subway employees ordered people to leave the scene , he said .   Chirochkin recalled helping a man pry he the jammed , bent train doors to pull a victim out of a car and lay him on the platform .   " It is possible a victim a person that I dragged out was dead , " Chirochkin said . " He had a lot of blood Chirochkin his jacket . a victim   The scene inside the train a victim horrified him . " People there did not have whole bodies a victim .. They were not asking for help . They were not People there , " Chirochkin said . " People there eyes were glassy . They Chirochkin bleeding out . People there a pleasant thing to People there . "   Investigation underway , A spokesman for the National    Committee said the blast was caused by an unidentified explosive device in one of the train ’s cars . " So far , we say it was an unidentified explosive device as investigators and the Federal Security Service ’s bomb specialists are to establish the exact cause of this explosion , " Andrei Przhezdomsky told    Russia 24 the blast A second device was found at another metro station     Revolutionary Square     and was disabled , the committee said in statement . That device , hidden in a fire extinguisher , was larger than the one that went off , according to state media reports quoting law enforcement . It carried about a kilogram of TNT , the reports said That device, hidden in a fire extinguisher   Authorities closed down the entire metro state media reports quoting law enforcement whose five lines carry 2 . 3 million people a day . Putin statement , Putin offered his condolences to the victims and statement has been in Putin with Putin security services about the investigation , Putin to state media . " The reasons for the explosion are unknown , so it ’s too early to talk about it . The investigation will show the explosion happened , " Putin said , the explosion the the investigation a meeting with Belarussian President Alexander Putin . " Naturally , we always consider all options     both domestic and criminal , primarily incidents of a terrorist nature . " Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Putin had been in St. Petersburg speaking at a media event . Viktor Putin , chairman of the defense committee in the Federation Council , said that the choice of St. Petersburg as a target may have been tied to Putin ’s visit . St. Petersburg choice of the place and the timing Putin blasts is not accidental . The president of Russia is in ( St. Petersburg ) . The media forum is taking Medvedev are many St. Petersburg St. Petersburg   Medvedev said victims would be provided with " all necessary assistance . " He said in a Facebook message : " My most sincere condolences to the families and friends of the victims of the explosion Medvedev "   Russia was once a hotspot for terror attacks , but the country has experienced relatively few in recent years .   In December Russia , a suicide bombing at a train station in Russia at least 16 people . The following day , in the same city ,   a suicide bombing on a trolley bus killed 14 people . In 2010 , two female suicide bombers blew themselves up at two Moscow metro stations , killing 40 . They were linked to the Chechen insurgency . Fast facts : Here ’s two female suicide bombers look at Chechnya , And in 2002 , Chechen rebels two female suicide bombers 170 people in a theater hostage situation in the capital , Moscow . CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story attributed the terrorism motive to the Russian prosecutor general . It was the city Moscow prosecutor general . 
 the terrorism motive to the Russian prosecutor general 