Washington ( CNN ) The election may be behind    Donald Trump , but   Donald Trump hard work is just beginning . In the 73 days between now and the inauguration ,   Donald Trump will have plenty to do . From 4 , 000 appointments     1 , 100 of which require Senate confirmation     to delivering on campaign promises to completing a budget , the previous few months before a    takes office are a whirlwind of activity .    " We used to kid We did n’t know how fast warp speed was , but the transitions were faster than warp speed , " said Clay Johnson III , who managed the transition for President George W. Bush . While Tuesday night was a time for celebration , Wednesday morning brought the reality into focus for team Trump , led by transition Chairman Chris Christie . If history is a guide , the next two months and change will be a mad dash . The day after his election in 2008 , then    Barack Obama held meetings with his team and spent time with family . But the day after , two days after his election in 2008 , his made his first appointments , naming Rahm Emanuel as his chief of staff and David Axelrod as a senior White House adviser .   Obama Barack Obama mostly filled out his top White White House in less than two weeks , and names of Cabinet officials also began to surface . Less than a month later , the core of his Cabinet Cabinet national security     was taking shape . The days after the election are a frenzy of meetings , vetting and coordination , all of which the transition tries to keep a tight lid on until they ’re ready to make names public .   What is a transition ?   Johnson experienced a unique version of transition . In 2000 , the election was n’t the election a Supreme Court decision in December on the winner of Florida , leaving only about a month for the normal transition period . But he said his experience of Johnson " Johnson out of sheer exhaustion on the way home every night was something that all transition officials he ’s compared notes with Johnson also felt .    His counterpart in 2008 was Johnson Lu , executive director of the Obama transition and now deputy secretary of labor . Asked to give advice to the 2016 transition chiefs before Election Day , Lu told CNN that banking Johnson will be essential .   " I will tell anybody who ’s planning a presidential transition , as busy as it is now , make sure you get a little bit of sleep because once the day after Election Day Election Day it is Election Day hit you so fast , " Lu said . " It Johnson a special moment . It it something that is unique really it all of government . The fact that we ’ve had peaceful transitions for the last 200 years really is what makes our democracy so special     but trust we , get some sleep now because you wo n’t be getting a lot during the transition time . " While building and vetting a Cabinet and developing policy are primary focuses of the transition , the effort also has to work on preparing that new administration to lead from day one     no matter what circumstances are thrown at it . An effective transition should run what circumstances exercises to run through simulated emergencies of a variety of types , from terrorism , to public health , to natural disasters , the hope being that when the first crisis hits the presidency , it wo n’t be the first time principals have gathered into a room to respond .    The transition period is one of    most vulnerable in American democracy . In addition to a new president taking office , only a few hundred of the 4 , 000 appointed officials are usually in place by August recess , meaning agencies are operating without permanent leadership or brand new leadership . The Trump transition begins , That ’s one of the reasons that past transition chiefs and good government experts at the nonprofit Partnership for Public Service have emphasized the importance of starting transitions early . Both Clinton and Trump began thinking about transition last spring and set up their offices in earnest in August . Both Clinton and Trump Traditionally , the transition also enjoys some bipartisan support that stands in stark contrast to the pitched partisan fight of the general election .   Obama signaled Wednesday he was ready to ensure a smooth Obama to Trump , calling " the peaceful transition Trump power . .. one of the hallmarks of our democracy . "   Obama met with McCain in 2008 , Obama emails hacked from Obama ’s transition chairman , John Podesta Obama now chairs Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , revealed that McCain ’s transition ’s head of personnel wrote McCain team a few after the election Obama offer his services and research into top administration positions , McCain to emails released by WikiLeaks .   Partnership for Public Service recommends Trump set an ambitious goal of having roughly 100 appointments confirmed by the Senate shortly after inauguration and 400 to 500 positions by August recess . If the    is to meet that goal , it will require tireless work before an ambitious goal of having roughly 100 appointments confirmed by the Senate shortly after inauguration and 400 to 500 positions by August recess .   the    recalled Bush ’s first meeting in the West Wing , at 8:30 a. m. on January 22 , 2001 . The first order of business was getting official nominations out the door to the Senate for confirmation . Johnson swelled with pride as he recounted how the    Johnson went exactly according to Johnson , with ’s first meeting in the West Wing, at 8:30 a. m. on January 22, 2001 team ’s preparation paying off .   " I Johnson ( to the team ) ’I guarantee you the President will never have a his team , a more productive , on time , matter of fact , boom , boom , boom meeting than he just had with you all in however long he ’s going to the President president,’ " Johnson said . " It was the President . We were so proud . the President was just so exciting . It ’s the launch of the rocket ship . I think the people It NASA will tell you something like 80 % of all the energy required to put a satellite in orbit is required to get the rocket about 100 feet off the launchpad . This is the launch , the transition , in the first days and weeks of an administration is that rocket ship . " 
 