Wednesday on his radio show , conservative talked Rush Limbaugh reacted to the previous night ’s presidential election , which gave Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump a victory over Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton .   conservative talked Rush Limbaugh told conservative talked Rush Limbaugh listeners Republicans should not interpret the outcome as a message that Republicans should reach across the aisle and work with Democrats . conservative talked Rush Limbaugh urged Republicans not to do that , saying it was a message that " big government liberalism " was rebuked by the American voters . " Folks , Folks do n’t give up , " conservative talked Rush Limbaugh said . " Folks purpose for living is to beat You guys . You guys are Folks number one enemy . And even when Folks lose , that remains Folks objective . I ’ve watched Folks . I ’ve studied Folks . I know who Folks are . I know what ’s going to happen . What needs to happen on You guys side is what needs to be different . You guys need to stop kowtowing to it . You guys need to look Folks in face , laugh and say , ‘ You know , the corner of the room is over there . You guys lost . Learn the corner of the room . Love the corner of the room . Live the corner of the room . And leave You guys alone . You guys ’re in the process of fixing the mess you made . ’ " " You guys do n’t ever say that , " ’" " continued . " You guys talk about crossing the aisle . You guys talk about considering opposing views because You guys ’re of the opinion the American people do n’t like You guys because media have told Republicans the people do n’t like the people and the Republicans have believed it . Republicans can not believe what happened . Never Trumpers can not believe what happened because Republicans ’ve all believed all this propaganda   —    all these years the American people hate them . the American people the American the American people like the Republicans , it the Republicans for the reasons the Republican think . It ’s for the simple it the Republicans have not followed the Republicans opposing this stuff . " " Look , I hate to be redundant here , folks , " Limbaugh added . " You could n’t have a more clearly defined reason for the Democrats losing yesterday and the Republicans winning than what we the Republicans And God bless everybody involved for making it happen . It could n’t be more crystal clear it There ’s nothing ambiguous about this at all . Big government liberalism , whether people know it or not , was told to go to hell . Big government liberalism is Obama . It was rejected . " Follow Jeff Big government liberalism on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 