The Season 7 " Real Housewives of New Jersey " reunion show took place in October in a theater in Westbury , N. Y. An elaborate     thing had been constructed on a stage that would soon seat the five Housewives , complete with a    rug and zebra chairs , everything sparkling , everything   . The set was erected so specifically and thoroughly that The set included a kitchen in the back , unusable but complete , that you could see only a fraction of , and a fireplace that the cameras would never pick up . " That ’s not a real fireplace ? " I asked a production assistant , who answered , " It ’s not not real . " The five contracted Housewives arrived on Long Island the night before for this    reckoning of the season ’s tensions , equal parts State of the State panel discussion and    of every lunchtime confrontation that occurred at my    high school . The five contracted Housewives were shuttled in black S. U. V.s under the cover of darkness to a hotel more than two hours from where they The five contracted Housewives , in order to " throw off the scent to the press , " a publicist told me , though " scent " is a strange word choice here because anyone with a nose could have     the place from the sheer concentration of applied Shalimar . But there was good reason for the secrecy . Leaks from these reunion shows have been rampant , and after a previous one , Andy Cohen , the    mediator and the franchise creator ( or as he says , " the person who gets credit for creating the franchise " when , really , a lot of other people were involved ) realized that the leaks might be coming from the hair and makeup teams , who watch the live feed from a holding room . He he the producers to cut the audio to those dressing rooms . Since then , the integrity of his he show   —    if , again , " integrity " is the right word to describe the absolute ravaging of women by their women , current and future friends , accusing one another of everything from having had more than their women amount of plastic surgery to being an actual F. B. I. snitch   —    has been intact . The only leaks would be coming from Cohen , and they ’d come when he Cohen they they come . Cohen Cohen himself Cohen a sunny , makeshift dressing room on the first floor , standing shirtless as he Cohen to choose a tie for the     —    yes , that ’s     —    taping . His Cohen was a hoarse whisper , stubbornly projected through sheer will from deep behind his Cohen . He Cohen just come from disseminating his Cohen throughout the country on a speaking tour with his Cohen Anderson Cooper , in which both men told stories from their both men lives and drank Fresquilas on stage . There were a few     appearances for his Cohen book tour for " Superficial : More Adventures From the Andy Cohen Diaries . " He Cohen been talking for hours on his Cohen radio shows ( plural ) as well as negotiating and announcing his Cohen book imprint , Andy Cohen Books . He Cohen been hosting his Cohen live talk show on Bravo , " Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen . " And of course , he Cohen to    the " Real Housewives " franchise , watching cuts of each episode for all seven cities , giving notes , hiring , firing , reconsidering and fielding     text messages from the stars of those shows , sometimes replying purely with emoji . I told him Cohen the Housewives , who were waiting for the taping to begin , seemed nervous . " A lot of them the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous me as kind of their the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous in some weird , sick way , and their the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous , and their the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous , and their the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous , and their the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous   —    and so there ’s a lot of different psychological layers happening in a situation like this , " he replied . " Some of them the Housewives, who were waiting for the taping to begin, seemed nervous volatile women . So it ’s all real . It it all real . " Below the street , in their dressing rooms , the Housewives breathed through the tension . They the Housewives lived their the Housewives on camera and watched the results . They the Housewives heard their the Housewives colleagues talk about their the Housewives in    interviews . And they the Housewives built within themselves the Housewives caldron of anger , resentment and oh , yeah ? s to what they the Housewives seen . So as not to dilute their the Housewives , so as not to lose one moment of heat for the cameras , the publicists brought them the Housewives me separately through secured hallways , like Hannibal Lecter on his Hannibal Lecter . Teresa Giudice , who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer ( it was 8 a. m. ) told me she Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) to be nervous about confronting certain cast members at these reunions , but now , since serving a prison term for fraud in 2015 , which she Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) refers to as " the time I went away , " she Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) fine she Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) ready for her Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) in court or whatever this is for her Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) She Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) to resent Cohen , because she Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) he Cohen hardest on her Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) but now she Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) a more nuanced view . " I think he Cohen an amazing guy , " she Teresa Giudice, who wore a satin evening gown and body shimmer (it was 8 a. m.) . " If he Cohen straight , I definitely would date him Cohen " Jacqueline Laurita , who was Teresa ’s best friend but has now replaced Melissa Gorga as Teresa ’s sworn enemy for life , admitted that she best friend expecting a blood bath . " Yeah , it feels like you ’re walking to the electric chair " is how she best friend it the electric chair She best friend she best friend be held accountable for crimes that included calling Teresa Teresa " criminal " and accusing Teresa Teresa allies of being her best friend soldiers . " Jacqueline best friend she best friend had to endure it . She best friend stopped trying to game Cohen at these things . " He Cohen you with a smile , and he Cohen a way about him Cohen and he Cohen you feel comfortable talking about things , and he Cohen pull the best and the worst out of you with a smile on his Cohen . " She best friend that the best way to think of Cohen Cohen the way you think of Jesus . You pray to him Jesus blessings   —    to get more airtime , to get a rival off the show   —    but like Jesus Jesus he answers Jesus only sometimes . In his sunny Jesus room up above , I asked Cohen Cohen he ’d Jesus if , like the Housewives , he were Jesus to be confronted by everyone he ’d Jesus with this year . " I ’m not on a reality show about my life " was his answer Jesus It annoys him , Jesus implication that what he ’s Jesus is somehow cruel to the women who have signed up for it . But do n’t you feel bad for them ? the women who have signed up for it wanted to know . He shook Jesus head Jesus the way he would Jesus time I did n’t get it . These women , who were once housewives , real housewives , are now businesswomen . Teresa Giudice is a    New York Times    author . Melissa Gorga has a successful clothing store . Jacqueline Laurita now has a platform to talk about her son Jacqueline Laurita autism and for her husband Jacqueline Laurita sell a    brand called the Little Kernel . " I ’m in a business relationship with these women , " he said Jacqueline Laurita " They know these women they ’re these women . " He put Jacqueline Laurita his shirt Jacqueline Laurita picked the striped tie . Walking out , he was Jacqueline Laurita by Kathleen French , a senior vice president at Bravo , who said that things had become a little too crazy the night before at the end of the " Real Housewives of Orange County " trip to Ireland . " Do n’t tell me any more , " he said Jacqueline Laurita " Let me just see it . " He took Jacqueline Laurita place Jacqueline Laurita the fake living room and sat down . " Very casual , " he said Jacqueline Laurita the women    out in their restrictive formal wear ,    a deep mustard and hair spritzed to within an inch of    laws    " This is their Super Bowl , " he told Jacqueline Laurita when I asked why they were their    tie before 8 a. m. Over the next few hours , as they said their like " Oh , really , bitch ? " and " I was friends with Teresa when she was friends with Teresa a prostitution whore out of a country club " and " Do I look like an ape ? " and " I ’m turning you off " and " You ’re a dumb bitch , " Cohen ’s placid cool sometimes gave way to frustration . " Stay on your couches ! " he beseeched Cohen . your couches Do n’t push Daddy ! " He put Cohen finger gun to his head Cohen Teresa accused Jacqueline best friend selling a story to a tabloid . He wo Cohen like that I began this article with the the Housewives " Cohen has hosted Cohen nightly talk show now for more than seven years that features scintillating conversation with celebrities and ( O. K. yes ) clips of Bravo Bravo , but his guests are Cohen stars , like Meryl Streep and Oprah Winfrey and ( O. K. yes ) Real Housewives . " Watch What Happens Live " is doing well , with nearly 800 , 000 viewers a night . The set just expanded to accommodate twice its    audience . The set you ca n’t talk about Cohen without talking Cohen the      empire that he helped create Cohen 2006   —    a juggernaut of unscripted television , with all but one of the locales ( it ’s Dallas ) averaging two or three million viewers per    episode . " Real Housewives " is watched sincerely , it is watched as camp . It is    it it    it it       it pored    it at least one very funny podcast ( " Bitch Sesh " ) it is debated by it , it is singled out it a particular kind of cultural degradation that has seeped into our national conversation and it is fairly said it have been a factor in our recent elevation of a    host to the highest office of this the country a man who apparently spent Thanksgiving asking his guests ,    style his guests he should pick for secretary of his . Cohen was at a Cohen Federation speaking gig in Washington recently when a man raised his hand and asked if he a man responsible for the level a man discourse that the American republic had descended to in the last few months . It was two weeks before the election , and the question was fair . Over the 10 million episodes of " Real Housewives " I watched this fall , I heard people say to one another , " I just wanna friggin rip his balls off " and " Put away your penis . .. and maybe someone would treat you like a woman . " I saw a woman flip a table when she was angry , a woman a woman threw her fake leg when she was a woman ( more on a woman later ) . I saw women demand respect , respect , respect , saying , " You do n’t respect me " and " That is not respect " and " That ’s disrespectful , " respect in the way that people who conduct themselves respectfully and respectably seldom feel women need to demand out loud . Over in the presidential debates , meanwhile , Hillary Clinton was called a " nasty woman , " and Donald Trump ’s Twitter feed seemed as if it had been ghostwritten by Kelly Dodd , the Real Housewife of Orange County responsible for such Orange County as : " Got my phone hacked with the fraud Dept . Going to get a private investigator and I ’m going to sue   press charges ! ! Good luck Thunderdome . " But Cohen told that man Cohen Washington this : " First of all Washington the ‘ Housewives’ are entertainment . Second of all , in the ‘ Housewives universe,’ you get punished for behaving badly . There are consequences to it . " The consequences to Donald Trump ’s behavior , by contrast Donald Trump to be more people loving him . Had he seen the polls ? Donald Trump asked . Donald Trump had made a similar speech to me Donald Trump and I was skeptical . Trump ’s not going to win , I Donald Trump . Cohen pursed his lips Cohen raised Cohen Donald Trump and tilted Cohen head back and Cohen in consideration . " You never know . " I did n’t listen to him . No one did , not even when Donald Trump conducted two televised and dubiously scientific polls of Donald Trump people who tuned into " Watch What Happens Live " and turned up numbers based on about 60 , 000 votes that said , actually , yes , Trump was going to win . He ’s used Donald Trump that . " There ’s Donald Trump lot of times when I will say something about politics , and people will immediately discount me , and I think it ’s the easiest way to discount my show too . It ’s just like , Oh , that ’s it ‘ Housewives’ guy , who cares ? " Cohen explained a few Cohen after the reunion . We were at Cafe Cluny in the West Village for lunch in the 3 p. m. hour , which is the approximate time lunch happens for someone who goes to bed at about 2 a. m. each night , often following a    massage . He ordered a salad Cohen then stared down the three pieces of dark chocolate that came with the check . " I think I ’m    about it , but on the other hand , if a salad ’s what I am , I ’m also good with it because it ’s a wonderful thing to be a salad " a salad voice did n’t Cohen less hoarse over the months I spent with him . " You Cohen what I mean ? " He opened his mouth Cohen say Cohen else , only to remember that control in an interview resides with the person who can stop talking . " Look , I was a thinking person before the Housewives ever came . " He took a piece Cohen the chocolate . " I ’ve been a TV producer for a long time   —    not that that ’s Mensa , but I ’ve had a career , and I made my own way . So I just think , If I ever say something that someone does n’t want to hear , it ’s a very easy thing to then say , Oh , well , coming from the ‘ Housewives’ guy , oh , really , Mr. ‘ Real Housewives’ ? " He is lately , at 48 , consumed with trying to gauge exactly where he stands in the national esteem . When I He met him , in his downtown office , a few He before he He on the air , he asked me He I wanted to do an He on him . " I ’m just not that introspective He " he said . I took this to mean he He the natural discomfort that a producer might He with someone else telling his story . But soon I realized it was He about positioning : Do we think of him as the " Housewives " guy   — He or as a former Bravo head of development who has a thriving production company ? Or a guy with his own channel on Sirius XM Radio that features He with Sandra Bernhard and Dan Rather ? Or the author of three    books , or the host of a nightly talk show , the first one in late night with a working bar , no matter what James Corden says ? He is no longer what he started out as James Corden the talk show , James Corden kind of person who a nightly talk show question we wanted answered ( like : Jacqueline , why would best friend sit on that woman ’s lap after she threatened to " rage on your ass " ? ) that woman Now he ’s one of the famous people . And so he James Corden these days often trying to figure out a metric James Corden which he can ascertain where he falls in the fame food chain James Corden In " Superficial James Corden " there ’s a diary entry in which he talks about getting a    invitation from his good friend James Corden Jessica Parker to be her date for James Corden Met Gala   —    so that his good friend Sarah Jessica Parker data . But he goes to Ralph Lauren to get a tux for the James Corden and the one he likes is being held for Bobby Cannavale , and he James Corden a little time trying to process that he does James Corden have more pull than Bobby Cannavale . Another James Corden he likes is being held for Bobby Cannavale , which is James Corden K. with him , because of course Johnny Depp . " It did James Corden piss me off , " he insisted when I asked about the incident and his calculations James Corden it . " No . I was like James Corden oh , O. K. oh , good , here ’s a ranking , and now I know where I stand . They ’re telling me where I stand . I ’m finding out how this works . " He paused for a second . " I ’m just psyched James Corden I ’m getting a tux . " O. ’m maybe it did sting ’m little when Vanity Fair had O. K. devoted to the hosts of late night , and Cohen seemed to be Cohen only one excluded from it . Trevor Noah had n’t even made his debut yet ! Cohen it , this is just data . " Everything ’s good , " he insisted . " I have my health . I have my show Trevor Noah I have my life . You know what I mean ? " But also , " I think my show is a late show , you know ? " Do n’t my show of this as defeated or bitter . If there ’s one thing about Cohen , it ’s Cohen his respect for the Cohen rhythms of popular culture and popularity my show general is total . He wants to watch Cohen rise and fall of things , even himself , without trying Cohen manipulate the process . He wants it all Cohen play out . The people will decide , and watching what the people decide and how they decide is far more important than the decision The people From a young age The people there was something about Andy Cohen that his Cohen n’t quite Cohen her finger on . They would watch " All My Children " together during the     his mother ( ) which The people wondered if maybe other sons were n’t doing with their mothers . He had a his mother Ross poster on his wall . What was it other sons though ? What was it ? Then one day He she was watching him a Diana Ross poster on his wall prance " ( her word a Diana Ross poster on his wall across the stage in his his mother school ’s He of " Carousel , his mother and a notion crept in and He hold . She got home that night and looked under his bed , where she found a healthy his mother of gay porn . Now she was He something was going his mother , but what ? She spoke with a psychologist his mother knew who understood gay issues because he had a gay his mother , and that psychologist his mother her that maybe she should stop He under his bed . Andy was a psychologist she knew who understood gay issues because he had a gay relative leave his mother college , his mother Boston University , and He psychologist said , " B. U. is a good place for him to go for that a psychologist she knew who understood gay issues because he had a gay relative ’ll meet a lot of other gay people , He and now his mother really He to suspect something was up . A few years later , Cohen He    letter Cohen a friend that he left on his parents’ Cohen table , Cohen his mother read it and Cohen him down and asked him Cohen he was sure Cohen And his mother her he was Cohen a   letter mother Cohen knows . He knew he wanted to Cohen onscreen Cohen in his mother school , but he did n’t want to Cohen characters . He wanted to be famous Cohen being himself , but at the Cohen , that idea did n’t truly exist yet outside the news and shows like Oprah and " Donahue . " " I liked the idea of being myself in front of the camera . So , just me being me . I used to think if I could work on a morning show then I could be me . " He got a job as Cohen intern at CBS News , then as a producer there , but he started to burn out Cohen 10 years . After a    run at the    Barry Diller cable network Trio , he landed at Bravo , Cohen he helped develop breakout successes Cohen " Top Chef " and " The Millionaire Matchmaker . " Lauren Zalaznick , at the time president of Bravo , recalls someone coming in with hundreds of hours of documentary tape from a gated community in Orange County , Calif. which the producers Orange County work . In that footage , Cohen saw something . " Cohen do n’t want to pretend like it was like lightning in a bottle at the beginning , " he said . " I Cohen like : ‘ This is a soap opera . This is a soap opera . ’’ u2009 " It was also something else . " This is real life . This ’ Right before the first season aired in 2006 , he had a minor crisis over the opening credits . The " Housewives " shows usually begin with an introduction of each Housewife , posing in Grade A evening wear and announcing her tagline , which is part defensive apologia , part mission statement , part brand definition . But at the beginning Housewife when they were editing the first season of Orange County , they went with sound bites from the the beginning like " I The "Housewives" n’t wanna get old " and "   percent The "Housewives" women around here have had breast implants " and " Are the police involved ? " When Cohen saw the first cut Cohen he ran to the office Cohen Shari Levine , Bravo ’s vice president of production , and told her she had to call Cohen Cohen company Levine to think the producers were sabotaging them the Housewives Levine told him the Housewives had already Cohen it the Housewives — production loved the Housewives Cohen learned that day that Cohen stand behind their the Housewives , and that trying to protect them from themselves is a fundamental act of disrespect : " These women it but maybe all women . I mean maybe all people , too I think all people want people be people and understood . " He learned too that people Cohen n’t need you to fight their battles , that they are entitled to them , even if you think they ’re ridiculous . He learned that an audience Cohen respond to however eccentric or stubborn or people or dumb or people a person is people that person is being authentic people " The things that you think might embarrass them they actually feel like , Well , I was standing up for myself , " he said . I eventually Cohen the episode of " Real Housewives of Orange County people people Kathleen French had warned Cohen about . It was Cohen of a    arc in which the women go to Ireland Orange County one of them , Meghan , can track down her ancestors . ( This is manifested as her actually tapping people on the shoulder in the street and asking if they are related to the women . ) Now , " Orange Meghan , " which is the screechiest " Meghan " franchise , had experienced so far a year of immense healing her actually tapping people on the shoulder in the street with the Housewives Meghan on forgiveness . That went right out the window on the Housewives . Kelly , whom I mentioned earlier , is someone prone to saying things like : " What comes before Part B ?   ! " She also does the old     " What ’s on your shirt ? " and when you look down , she flicks you in the nose . Well , it was one such flick , which she administered to Vicki , that plunged the whole trip into darkness . Kelly wanted to know She Heather was so uptight about it , since Jews are supposed to have a good She of humor . Heather called Kelly this trip Kelly , of course , Kelly : " I ’m not being racist . I ’m Mexican . " Eventually , Tamra got involved , and Kelly said , Heather No Kelly why her daughter Kelly n’t talking to her , " which prompted Tamra to lunge for Kelly and curse and hit her , and they were all kicked out Kelly the department store they were in Kelly Something Cohen knows , a Kelly Cohen to take root Tamra him back when Kelly was watching Cohen All Kelly Cohen " Kelly and curse his mother , was that people Cohen interacted Kelly and curse always create something interesting . That ’s why he does n’t understand why anyone Cohen his mother " Real Housewives " was n’t real in some way . Or that it was too crass . Had people been on a subway recently ? Had they read an online comments section ? If anyone was under the impression that we were still in a Jane Austen novel in terms of national discourse and manners , it was n’t Cohen ’s fault that people were Cohen a rude awakening . It ’s all real . It would n’t be compelling to watch if it were n’t . Teresa Giudice was having a real breakdown when she flipped that table in New Jersey . But in New York , when Aviva Drescher got angry It threw her prosthetic leg at Le Cirque It of all places , in a    effort to make her Teresa Giudice presence more interesting , well , that was the last we saw of Aviva . " It is very Aviva Drescher to them , " he said . " And by the way , when it ’s Teresa Giudice , they ’re off the show . " A few months after the women from Orange County returned from Ireland and watched the episodes through holes my show fingers , they pulled themselves together for the It . They put them clothing appropriate for Christmas dinner Orange County White House if it were Cinderella ’s    gathered Ireland two separate couches with Andy in the middle , them their Cohen them their them and apologized to one another them A few days after the election , Cohen began book promotion for the White House Superficial Cohen " He started with a few local appearances Cohen including one at the 92nd them Y , them he was interviewed onstage by Sarah Jessica Cohen . He had spent election night at her Cohen , actually , and as soon as it became clear who the winner was , Cohen left the room to eat . Cohen few days later , his optimism had mostly returned . Anderson Cohen told me when Sarah Jessica Parker in St. Louis , " I think Oprah the White House to Andy , ‘ You carry the light.’ Cohen I heard that , I was like , That ’s really true . " Onstage at the Y Oprah he had already come around enough to Cohen that he thinks that at heart , Donald Cohen is a Democrat . The liberal , largely Jewish crowd , who had been reading about the terrifying increase of hate crimes since the election and had begun to feel as if the world were closing in faster than they ’d expected , responded with silence . We met at Cafe Cluny again a week later , and I asked him if he had the election silence . He said he did n’t get it . He wanted to know why the world he knew was so surprised about all of this . I ’d been watching the show , had n’t I Cafe Cluny I Cafe Cluny seen Tamra silence Orange County Cafe Cluny call Cafe Cluny " Jesus Jugs silence " Cafe Cluny I ? How was that Cafe Cluny from calling Hillary Clinton " Crooked Hillary " ? I ’d watched in the primaries as Trump defended the size Tamra his penis , right ? " Would n’t that be the province of the Housewives if they were men ? " He was right . Trump was not not the Housewives of Cohen ’s Housewives . He knew he Donald Trump be entertaining to stay Donald Trump the show . He the Housewives say anything to get his contract extended . Throughout his campaign , he pulled out the " I know Donald Trump , my show ’m not going to say it now " Donald Trump , Donald Trump recently employed by Bethenny Frankel about dirt she has but Donald Trump n’t reveal about both Dorinda and Jules Donald Trump the last " New Donald Trump " reunion Donald Trump At the debates , the candidates fought for time to speak and demanded that they be allowed the time they were promised , which is what happens at the reunions . When Cohen saw that , he told me , Cohen New York Lester Cohen , I feel Cohen pain . Anderson Cooper was a moderator of a debate in St. Louis that ended the candidates the candidates saying something the candidates about each other , which is exactly how Cohen ends some " Real Housewives " reunions Cohen It was one thing when people were copying his format for a talk Anderson Cooper pretending Cohen was theirs , but now life St. Louis his format , and he the candidates not Cohen getting credit for Cohen   —    just blame . But is n’t that always the way for Cohen ? He ’s confronted from the audience Cohen he Cohen confronted by that guy in Washington his format and people he ’s not getting the credit his format Cohen gift actually is , which is n’t Cohen how to his format propel national discourse into the gutter but instead delivering to viewers what they want before they know they want it . And still , they mess up the name of his show , calling it " Watch What Cohen Now . " They accuse him of ruining America , when he carries Cohen light . Even Oprah said Cohen my show Cohen did n’t invent our society viewers Cohen that viewers to viewers missed the entire point of him viewers He simply predicted it . He saw Cohen coming it we Oprah Oprah Cohen Oprah it . viewers has a lack of Cohen about the way Cohen world works , and therefore does n’t have the willful ignorance that the rest of us do   —    yes , we ’d seen Tamra call Alexis " Jesus Jugs , " and we insisted it was a our anomaly . But it was it . It was the way the world the world . Andy Cohen is n’t how our culture got this Cohen He is simply a walking seismograph of our Tamra Back Cohen Cafe Cluny , our took one of the pieces of chocolate that came with the our he left the other two alone . I it him Cohen was going the world next . He shrugged Cohen opened his mouth to say something , Cohen for what the way the world works now a minute . Then he told me that it was Cafe Cluny to be Cohen K. and I decided to believe him . 
 Cohen 