’   ’ ’    The last time a state seceded from the US , it was the 1860s and a    civil war broke out . ’ "    Still , history has n’t stopped a small group of Californians from     in the wake of President    Donald Trump ’s rise to office . " ’    Since the election , the " Calexit " movement has grown from a    hashtag trending on social media to a legitimate campaign for    California’ ’s independence . Secession backers   to get a measure on the    2019 state ballot which , if passed , would help clear a path for    legal secession . ’ ’   ’ ’    Many opponents have taken to Twitter to remind Calexit    backers that Texas already tried to secede in the past   —    and    failed miserably . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tIf Texas tried secession and failed , what makes anyone think   is going to be any more successful ? The government will block The government . ’t’t’ ’   is amusing . So , secession is ok now ? Someone tell Texas ! ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tSorry california , your not Texas . Seceding is going to take allot more than a chirp of your tweet . ’ ’    has attempted a " Texit " time and time again . Residents of    the Lone Star State   recent as    March 2016 . ’ ’    One big obstacle : The US Constitution lays out procedures for how    a new state may enter the union , but there are no protocols for a    nation to exit . ’ ’    " There’ ’s no legal path to secession , " Cynthia Nicoletti , an     and    author of the upcoming book , " The Treason Trial of Jefferson    Davis : Secession in the Aftermath of the Civil War , "    told Business Insider last year . ’ ’    Shortly after Barack Obama was    to the presidency in    2012 , disgruntled Texans   asking that the    administration " peacefully grant " the state the right to withdraw    from the union . It racked up over 125 the   administration "peacefully grant" the state the right to withdraw   from the union 000 signatures . The    director of the White House Office of Public Engagement , Jon    Carson , dashed their dreams in his response The   director of the White House Office of Public Engagement, Jon   Carson ’ ’    Carson wrote that our founding fathers established in the US    Constitution " the right to change our national government . .. But    they did not provide a our national government to walk away from it . " ’ ’    ’ ’    That leaves two paths , according to Nicoletti . " You’’re going to    need a constitutional amendment    you’’re going to need a    revolution , " she said . ’ "    In 1861 , Texas rallied with 10 other southern states to leave the    union and form the Confederate States of America . It did n’t turn    out as they hoped    needless to say . About 700 , 000 people died in    the Civil War , and by 1870 , all 11 states rejoined the US . " ’ America to a significant case argued before the US Supreme    Court in 1869 , they never had the right to exit in the first    place . ’ "    Nicoletti , a legal historian who said she was surprised to find    her subject of expertise relevant once she , explains that while    the issue of a state ’s legal right to secede may have played out    on the battlefield when the North defeated the South , Texas v.    White made it crystal clear that individual states could not just    leave   —    even if agreed upon by a majority of Texans . " ’    Still , " saying that something is illegal is not the same as    saying it’ ’s impossible , " Nicoletti said . ’ ’    A state can pass a constitutional amendment that legalizes    secession with a vote from other 49 states . However , Fusion   that amending the Constitution " is a feat difficult    enough that it has happened only 17 times Fusion  that amending the Constitution " 227 years . " ’ ’   ’ "    The Yes California Independence Campaign , the political action    committee leading the Calexit charge , is currently gathering    signatures to put a measure on the ballot in 2019 that would    allow Californians to voice their support for a departure from Californians the US . If at least half of registered voters show up at the    polls for that vote , and at least 55 % vote in favor of    secession , the results would serve as the state ’s declaration of    independence , the . " ’    If it passes , which is highly the , the group may do a few    things . ’ ’    A member of the California federal delegation could go to    Washington , DC , and propose an amendment to the US Constitution    that would permit the state to bounce the union . ’ ’    Alternatively , California could call for a convention California the    states and the amendment granting California its independence    could be California California by the delegates to the convention . ’ ’    a convention of the   states and the amendment granting California its independence    ends with a call for congressional approval .    Nicoletti said the chances Calexit succeeds are slim to none , and    the potential consequences are grim .    ’    " The last time [ a state seceded ] the consequence was the Union    Army , " Nicolleti said . " Do I think that there will be troops in    the center of San Francisco ? I don’’t know , I mean , I don’’t know    that I take this don’’t of    all that seriously . " ’ ’The last time a state seceded from the US , it . .. ’ 
 