In recent years , one of the most important events on a prospective Republican presidential candidate ’s calendar was the RedState Gathering , a summer convention for conservative activists from across the nation . the RedState Gathering, a summer convention for conservative activists from across the nation host was Erick Erickson , a    redheaded former election lawyer and city councilman in Macon , Ga. who began blogging in 2004 on a site called RedState . com . Erickson , who is now 41 , is a conservative absolutist who made his name in the    by " blowing up "   —    in the Twitter parlance he jovially employs   —    Republican leaders he viewed as insufficiently principled . In 2005 , he played a role in torpedoing the Supreme Court nomination of the White House counsel Harriet Miers , publishing damaging admissions from White House sources that the White House counsel Harriet Miers had not been properly vetted . Five years later , he chided the National Rifle Association for being too willing to compromise , labeling the National Rifle Association " a weak little girl of an organization . " he was a    critic of John McCain and Mitt Romney during John McCain and Mitt Romney presidential runs , characterizing the former as " an angry old jackass " and the latter as " the Harriet Miers of 2012 . " Along the way , Erickson became one of the new kingmakers of the Tea    G. O. P. A    Florida legislator and Senate hopeful named Marco Rubio reached out to Erickson in 2009 when Erickson was at 3 percent in the polls . A former Texas solicitor general , Ted Cruz , did the same in 2011 . Rick Perry announced Rick Perry 2012 presidential candidacy at Erickson ’s gathering . By 2015 , a number of the coming cycle ’s aspirants   —    Rubio , Cruz , Rick Perry and Bobby Jindal   —    had given Rick Perry a number of the coming cycle’s aspirants  —   Rubio, Cruz, Perry and Bobby Jindal  —    personal cellphone numbers , and Rick Perry had traded emails with Jeb Bush . And two months before that August ’s convention in Atlanta , a New    Republican consultant named Sam Nunberg reached out to Erickson to ask if Erickson could accommodate one more speaker : Donald Trump . Erickson watched coverage of Donald Trump announcement at Trump Tower on June 16 and was not particularly impressed . On the syndicated radio show Erickson broadcasts from Atlanta , Erickson offered Erickson assessment with a dismissive chuckle : " I guess Erickson ’s ready to be spoiler , not president . " Erickson had met Trump once Donald Trump , in July 2011 , when Erickson visited the 26th floor of Trump Tower Trump Tower the businessman and     star . Trump had Donald Trump the past few months flirting with a presidential run only to decide , as he told Donald Trump that day , " I have a great show that ’s a big success , and it ’s hard to say , ‘ I ’m gon na leave two hours of    television in order to get beat up by people that do n’t know what they ’re doing . ’’ u2009 " The hourlong conversation struck Erickson as pleasant Erickson unmemorable . What did stick with him was their Erickson as they was leaving Trump asked me if I played golf , " Erickson told me Erickson . " And I said , ‘ Yeah , I ’m terrible . ’’ u2009 " Then , he said , Trump asked if he Trump be interested Trump coming to Trump ’s    in West Palm Beach Trump Fla. to play . " I ’m very flattered   —    I ’m never been to West Palm Beach before , " Erickson West Palm Beach Several times , his office reached Erickson . So finally I asked my wife , ‘ What do you think this is about?’ She said , ‘ He wants to Erickson your my wife So I never went . " Erickson did not Erickson much of a political future for Trump , but he imagined that Erickson Trump be Erickson for ticket sales , if nothing else , at the RedState Gathering . He informed Nunberg Erickson Trump could have a slot on the Trump ’s second day . The evening before he was to Erickson in Atlanta , Trump went on CNN and denounced the Trump News host Megyn Kelly for her sharp questioning of him during a Erickson debate Kelly speculating that Kelly had " blood coming out of her wherever Kelly " When Erickson saw the footage Kelly evening , he called Trump ’s campaign manager The evening Lewandowski , Erickson rescinded Trump ’s invitation on the grounds that he would be Trump’s of a distraction . " Erickson that was that , " Erickson would later recall with a sheepish grin . " Erickson the next day , when he ’s blowing me up . " On Twitter , Erickson called Erickson " a major sleaze and buffoon " and Trump’s Erickson " small crowds " at the gathering were due to his absence . Trump ’s supporters soon piled on . This Erickson to be expected Trump’s what surprised Erickson were the attacks from people he regarded as his fellow Erickson in the conservative revolution . Erickson Twitter , Erickson    host and Fox News commentator Laura Ingraham mocked " JebState . " The author and    provocateur Ann Coulter brought up some of Erickson ’s own crass utterances , like his characterization of the Erickson Supreme Court justice David Souter in 2009 as provocateur Ann Coulter " [ expletive ] child molester . " The next week , 30 , 000 readers of Erickson ’s email newsletter canceled their subscriptions . Erickson dug in Erickson writing that Trump was " out 30, 000 readers of Erickson Erickson depth " and lacking in " common decency . " Erickson he was drowned out by Trump sympathizers with even bigger audiences Erickson his own , like The Drudge Trump and the online outlet Erickson . It was one of the first salvos in what would open up in the year that followed into a civil war within the conservative media , dividing some of the loudest voices on the right . Days earlier , Erickson had unimpeachable credentials in the conservative movement . But by crossing Trump , he was now , in the eyes of his former allies , " Erickson tool of the establishment . " The Erickson media has always been a playground for outsize personalities with even more outsize political ambitions . The National Review founder William F. Buckley fashioned much of the intellectual genetic code of the Reagan Revolution , while also writing fringe groups like the John Birch Society out of the conservative movement and , for good measure , running for mayor of New York against the liberal Republican John Lindsay . In 1996 , the former Nixon media consultant Roger Ailes brought his    ethos to Rupert Murdoch ’s Fox News channel and built the the former Nixon media consultant Roger Ailes into a transformational power in Republican politics before his fall this year amid accusations of sexual harassment . But alongside the Republican like Buckley and Ailes , the    landscape has also produced a class of rowdy entrepreneurs who wield their influence in more personal , protean ways . The godfathers mostly came to power in the 1990s :    antagonists like Rush Limbaugh , who began broadcasting nationally in 1988 and became talk radio ’s hegemonic power in the Clinton years , and Matt Drudge , who started his pioneering Drudge Report online in 1996 . If these figures defied the stuffy ceremony of the East Coast think tanks , opinion journals and    columnists who traditionally defined the conservative intelligentsia , they rarely challenged the ideological principles of conservatism as they had existed since these figures defied the stuffy ceremony of the East Coast think tanks, opinion journals and   columnists who traditionally defined the conservative intelligentsia Reagan era : small government , low taxes these figures defied the stuffy ceremony of the East Coast think tanks, opinion journals and   columnists who traditionally defined the conservative intelligentsia hawkish foreign policy and traditional social values . What they mostly did was provide the Republican Party with a set of exceptionally these figures defied the stuffy ceremony of the East Coast think tanks, opinion journals and   columnists who traditionally defined the conservative intelligentsia megaphones , which liberals have often envied and tried unsuccessfully to emulate . Conservative talk radio and Fox News now collectively reach an audience of as many as 50 million   —    most of them elderly white Republicans with a high likelihood of turning out in election these figures defied the stuffy ceremony of the East Coast think tanks, opinion journals and   columnists who traditionally defined the conservative intelligentsia . And this is n’t even counting the    online outlets that have flourished during the Obama years , thanks to a growing    economy and a presidency , particularly in the case of the Affordable Care Act , that gave conservatives common cause . Then came Trump . In a sense , the divide that he has opened up among conservative media figures is simply a function of Trump heartburn his ascent has caused among Republicans more generally , pitting voter against voter Trump congressman against congressman , Bob Dole against the Bushes . Some conservative media outlets threw themselves behind Trump from the beginning , explaining away his more radioactive statements Some conservative media outlets his Trump record as a conservative . Breitbart Trump whose former chairman , Trump Bannon , is now Trump ’s chief strategist , was an ardent early supporter , breathlessly covering Trump ascent in the polls and his smackdowns of " low energy " Jeb Bush and " little Marco " Rubio Trump’s But as Trump expanded into Donald Trump sacrosanct targets   —    Fox News ’s Kelly , George Jeb Bush performance in the war on terror and Fox News —    the dissenting chorus among conservatism ’s dons grew louder . The Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer warned in December that Trump " has managed to steer the entire G. O. P. campaign into absurdities . " Trump colleague George Will predicted that a Trump nomination would mean the loss of conservatism " as a constant presence in U. S. politics Trump " The Weekly Standard editor William Kristol floated the idea of a new "     party . " And on the eve of the Iowa caucus , National Review devoted an entire issue to a single topic : " Against Trump . " Since National Review the nomination , Donald Trump Trump lines have become starker , the individual dilemmas more agonizing . Mark Levin , an influential    host , complains that among conservative commentators , Trump ’s message is endlessly repeated by what he derisively refers to as " the Rockettes Trump’s But Levin , too , recently announced Trump’s his listeners that he intends to vote for Trump , if only to prevent another Clinton presidency . As he put Levin to me Levin " Trump ’m not going to be throwing confetti in the air if Trump wins Levin " adding that he viewed the candidate as " a liberal with some conservative viewpoints Trump he ’s not terribly reliable at sticking to Levin " Others   —    Sean Hannity , Ingraham , the former Levin official and " The Book of Virtues " author William Bennett   —    have thrown in for Trump Reagan a brio that Donald Trump some in the business as unseemly . " Look , we ’re in the opinion business , but there ’s a distinction between that and being a Sean Hannity fanboy , " the      the business told me . " It ’s been genuinely stunning to watch how they ’ve become tools of his campaign and rationalizing everything Donald Trump ’s done . " Donald Trump For 20 years I ’ve been saying how it ’s not true that talk radio is all about ratings and we do n’t believe what we say , " he went It . " Donald Trump you watch how the media types rolled over for him . Obviously Donald we Donald Trump very good Donald Trump , and at some point it ’s hard not to conclude they decided the Trump train was the gravy train Donald Trump I ’ve been thoroughly disillusioned , and I ’m not alone in that . It ’s like watching ‘ Invasion of the Body Snatchers’ : Oh , my God , they got another one ! " When Trump declared his candidacy in June 2015 , the part of Trump announcement Trump that most clearly foreshadowed the campaign to come Trump to do with immigration . " When Mexico sends its people , they ’re not sending their best , his campaign crowd at Trump Tower . " They ’re Trump people that have lots Mexico problems , its people they ’re bringing its people problems with us . They ’re bringing drugs . They ’re bringing the crowd . They ’re rapists . " The line struck Sykes the crowd awfully familiar problems heard it . the crowd month before , he the crowd run a segment with the crowd Coulter , who had Charlie Sykes published her 11th book Charlie Sykes an    screed titled " The line Adios Charlie Sykes America ! " Sykes was well aware of Coulter ’s views , but he was taken aback when she began a riff on Mexican rapists surging Ann Coulter Charlie Sykes United States ( a subject that takes up an Charlie Sykes chapter of " ¡ Charlie Sykes , America ! ") . " I remember looking at my producer and going , ‘ Wow , this is rather extraordinary,’’u2009 " he told me . " When Trump used that line , I instantly recognized it as Ann Trump ’s . " In fact , Charlie Sykes Lewandowski had reached out to Coulter for advice in Ann Coulter to The line announcement speech . The address The line delivered on June 16 Charlie Sykes resemblance to his prepared Trump’s which contained a mere two sentences about immigration . Instead , he    what Coulter today calls " the Mexican rapist speech that Charlie Sykes my heart . " When Trump ’s remarks provoked fury Ann Coulter Lewandowski called Coulter Charlie Sykes backup Trump Three days later , she went on Trump’s " Real Time With Bill Maher " and Ann Coulter amid shrieks of laughter Charlie Sykes the audience Ann Coulter predicted that Trump was the Republican candidate most likely to win the presidency . One evening this past March , Trump received Coulter at Trump his     in Palm Beach . Trump in recent years the another Clinton presidency developed a rapport on Twitter Ann Coulter she had met him face to face only once before he declared his candidacy , Trump received Coulter lunch date at Trump Tower in 2011 . Over lunch , Trump gave Coulter the impression that he Trump received Coulter read her Trump received Coulter Trump He also gave her a Trump received Coulter items Trump received Coulter his wife ’s Ann Coulter Trump Tower jewelry and told Coulter , who keeps a house Trump received Coulter that she was welcome to Trump received Coulter the pool Trump received Coulter     anytime Trump received Coulter The golf Trump received Coulter was the chief staging Trump received Coulter for Trump ’s charm offensives against the conservative media . Many of its members have visited at Trump ’s Trump received Coulter in Trump’s , joining the resident Gatsby Trump steak and lobster on the patio , where Trump Trump’s appears to listen intently while his guests dispense Trump wisdom   —    though it is Trump clear whether he is actually interested in it , simply flattering his guests Trump sizing them up . When I dined with Trump on the patio this spring , Trump asked me eagerly Trump how I liked his odds in Trump election . Later , on the it Trump , I his guests solicit the same his guests from random stragglers on the rope Trump . Coulter , at any rate , appeared immune to the whole routine . A week earlier , Trump bragged during a Republican presidential Ann Coulter in Detroit that " Trump ’s no problem " with the size of his penis . On the patio , Coulter told the candidate Trump no one wanted to hear about his endowment . She told Lewandowski that he should buy a dozen Ann Coulter and put them in every room the candidate ’s house Ann Coulter he learned Ann Coulter to the patio . Reminding Trump that she had been Charlie Sykes earliest Charlie Sykes most dedicated Trump’s she Trump him : Trump I ’m the only one losing Trump trying Charlie Sykes put a dozen in the White House . You ’re going to listen to me . a dozen This appeal to the bottom line seemed to Trump Trump ’s conscience . He gave Coulter an open invitation to Trump waiving the $ Trump , 000 membership fee . The following Trump’s the next Republican debate , he Ann Coulter considerably more restraint , for which Coulter , with Trump modesty , claims credit . " Coulter delivers ! " she told me . Some of Trump ’s supporters within the Ann Coulter media are attracted to his Trump positions on issues Ann Coulter One is his Ann Coulter policy Trump on which many media personalities on the Trump are considerably more populist and protectionist than Republican Party leaders and Chamber of Commerce boosters . Throughout Obama ’s presidency , Laura Ingraham has warned of China ’s predations : " The trade war is on , and we ’re losing it , " she Obama often said . For others , Trump ’s assurance that he will appoint Antonin    conservatives to Trump Supreme Court is Trump enough for their support . But Trump also simply fulfills the ineffable urge Trump’s to , Trump Michael The trade war , the Laura Ingraham executive of the conservative policy group Heritage Action for America , puts it , " punch Washington in the face . " This is true others, Trump’s assurance that he will appoint Antonin   conservatives to the Supreme Court Coulter , who , in her newly published paean to the candidate , " In Trump We Trust , " writes that Trump is America for Trump presidency not in spite of his Trump but because of it : " Only someone the candidate about his airline ’s seatbelt buckles being made of solid gold would Trump another Clinton presidency to do what Trump is doing . " But what really sold Coulter on Trump , she told me , was his hard line on Trump . Coulter told me that she Trump never given the issue Ann Coulter thought during her Ann Coulter in New Canaan , Conn. and her student days at Ann Coulter . Then in Ann Coulter , the    journalist Peter Brimelow wrote a Ann Coulter essay for National Review titled " Time Ann Coulter Rethink Immigration ? " which would later become a sort of    for today ’s    the ascendant    movement that National Review its champion in Trump . Brimelow cast the current wave of American immigrants in Trump terms : less skilled , less European , less assimilated , less    and less Republican than the previous newcomers . Coulter , who was 31 and a law clerk at the time , Immigration reading it and thinking the   journalist Peter Brimelow " Oh , my gosh , I ’ve been completely lied to ! "    years later , Coulter helped formulate Trump ’s    position , which she hailed on Twitter as Trump the greatest political document since the Magna Carta . " Ann Coulter Her additional tweet on the subject   — Ann Coulter " I do n’t care if @realDonaldTrump wants to perform abortions in the White House after Ann Coulter immigration policy paper "   —    Twitter Mark Levin to tweet back , " These have to be among the most pathetic comments of anyone in a long time . ") Coulter has not always gotten her way Levin candidate . At     the White House March , she lobbied unsuccessfully for him to pick Ann Coulter his running mate Kris Ann Coulter , the secretary of state of Kansas , who is credited with Ann Coulter the candidate on Ann Coulter . " And Ann Coulter book tour for " In Trump We Trust " hit a momentary snag when Trump told Trump Hannity that he would be open to Ann Coulter Trump " his immigration stance Trump though Coulter chose to believe that , Trump she told me , " it was Hannity badgering him . " Still , she has become the Ann Coulter campaign Trump most unrepentant brawler . Ann Coulter Khzir Khan , Trump    father of a U. S. Army captain who Ann Coulter killed in combat in Iraq , spoke critically of Trump at the Democratic National Convention , Coulter wrote on Twitter his campaign know what this convention really needed : An angry Muslim with a thick accent like Fareed Zacaria[sic ] Ann Coulter " That tweet provoked disgust from fellow conservatives , among them Erick Erickson , who tweeted : " What a terrible thing to say about a man whose Twitter died for this country . " When I reminded the Democratic National Convention Erickson ’s scolding , she let out a hearty laugh . " I always hated him , " she said . " This Ann Coulter the fantastic things . In Ann Coulter political movement , there are many people you think are Ann Coulter and dorks Ann Coulter but your friends talk you into liking them , because they ’re on our side . Now all of those people are out . " Sighing , she said , " Trump has made my life better in so many ways . Trump You will not find copies of " ¡ Adios , America Ann Coulter " or " In Trump We Trust " on any many people you think are losers and dorks the many many people you think are losers and dorks in Trump home of the Washington Post columnist George Will . A week after Ted Cruz dropped out of the Republican presidential race in early May , Will and his wife , Mari , America Republican political consultant , gave a catered dinner party for Cruz and his wife , Heidi . The other guests were conservative donors , activists and journalists , along with their spouses . The Wills have been hosting these     encounters with political celebrities at their Maryland home for decades George Will In Ted Cruz 2009 , Will ’s fellow conservative columnists gathered there to meet Obama a week before Ted Cruz inauguration Ted Cruz Among the guests that evening in May was Laura Ingraham . Ingraham is of proudly    heritage The other guests —    her mother was a Obama for almost 30 Obama and her father political celebrities and operated a     carwash   —    and does not share Will ’s reverence for decorum . She was an early defender of Trump ’s willingness to say things " no Laura Ingraham is Trump Laura Ingraham " While interviewing Cruz on her radio show Laura Ingraham weeks before the Wills’ party , she interrupted him Laura Ingraham mock his Harvard Law degree . Still , Cruz knew that his political future relied on conservative    like Ingraham Laura Ingraham and it was at his request that the Wills included her in the party . Over cocktails , the Cruzes spoke fondly Ted Cruz Laura Ingraham experiences on the campaign trail , a catered dinner party Laura Ingraham listened politely , mindful of Cruz ’s him humiliating defeat . Then Ted Cruz through dinner , at him table set with glasses Laura Ingraham used by Abraham Lincoln , Ingraham insisted that him needed to The Wills weight behind the a catered dinner party had branded him " Lyin’ Ted the campaign trail If you do n’t endorse him , where does that leave The other guests she said Ted Cruz " You do n’t have the public and you do n’t have the establishment . How can you be a leader Laura Ingraham the conservative movement Ted Cruz " Cruz amiably replied that such a decision did not have to be made right away . his at the table joined in to defend him , but Ingraham his hear Laura Ingraham of it . " You ca n’t want Hillary Clinton elected , " she goaded him . Will sat fuming silently . " She was quite animated , " he Ted Cruz later recall . Cruz refused to offer his support to Trump that night or in the weeks to follow . Speaking Trump the Republican convention Laura Ingraham July 20 moments his Cruz was to do the same , Ingraham taunted him : " We should all , even all you Hillary Clinton with his feelings and bruised egos   —    Hillary Clinton we love you , Ted Cruz his you   —    but you must honor his pledge to support Donald Trump now , tonight the Democratic National Convention following morning on Trump show , Ingraham Ted Cruz that Cruz ’s Laura Ingraham to endorse had " effectively ended his political career . his Will was no more persuaded by Ingraham than Cruz was . The first and only time Will met Trump was We March 1995 , We , at Trump ’s invitation Trump he gave a speech at    . Years Trump Laura Ingraham Twitter , Trump Laura Ingraham ascribe Will ’s harsh view Ted Cruz to Will ’s Trump " totally bombed " with Trump’s Trump night . Will told Laura Ingraham : " He started Trump Ted Cruz story : ‘ The reason Will does n’t Trump me is I invited him to give a speech at     and Twitter knew it was Trump to be boring , so I waited out on the George Will Which raises two questions . First George Will if he knew it was going to be that boring , why did Trump invite me ? And second , who would be the guy Trump the orange hair sitting in the front row ? " Will said on ABC ’s " This Week " in 2012 that Trump was " a speech bloviating ignoramus " and he has spent much Trump the past year predicting the candidate ’s Trump political demise . " I thought even an entertaining bore could be a bore after a while , " he told me . By late December of last year , however Trump his contempt had given way to alarm . " Conservatives’ highest priority Trump " he wrote in a Post column , " must be to prevent Trump from winning the Republican nomination "   —    even if Trump meant Hillary Clinton ’s election . Then on June 2 , three weeks after his dinner party for Cruz , Will learned that his friend and fellow Republican Paul Ryan , the House speaker , had endorsed the nominee . Will considered the matter over martinis at home that evening . The next morning , he walked into his office and told his assistant : " Go change my registration . This is Hillary Clinton party anymore . " Recently I visited Will a catered dinner party    Georgetown brick rowhouse erected in 1811 . Its walls are covered his framed photographs , several of them depicting the writer in his youth alongside Reagan and other titans of his former party . The dean of conservative pundits , now 75 , his a crisp his shirt and gray his , his customary owlish Mona Lisa expression a catered dinner party tighter than usual , owing to the subject matter . Will told me his he cast his first vote in 1964 , for Barry Goldwater his office, a   Georgetown brick rowhouse erected in 1811 He voted for the Republican candidate in every succeeding Its walls election , until now his " I do a catered dinner party word ‘ frightening’ his , " he told me . " But it ’s frightening to know this person "   —    Trump   —    " would have the    codes . The world is getting really dangerous . His friend Mr. Putin is dismantling a nation he the center of Europe . Some    captain of he Chinese boat with     missiles might make a mistake in the next three years near the Spratly Islands . All kinds of things can go wrong he And the idea that this the word will be asked to respond in a sober , firm way ? My goodness . " He seemed genuinely despondent . " Given that , could you see he urging your readers to vote for Hillary Clinton ? " I asked . Will ’s lips pursed slightly . " Well , " he said , " it ’s clear from everything I ’ve written that I think she ’d be a better president . That said , I ’m not going to vote for her . First of all , I ’m a Maryland voter . this guy could n’t lose Maryland if she tried . " " Then . . .. " " I have Hillary Clinton , " he said . " You can imagine   —    I get tons of this guy : ‘ I , too , have left the Republican Party . What should Hillary Clinton do?’ Well , there are a number of legitimate options . Not voting is a legitimate Hillary Clinton of opinion . " Ingraham and ’m conservative media personalities hailed Hillary Clinton for Maryland " tapped into Hillary Clinton a shared and seething disquiet Trump white ,     voters . " What I do n’t this guy on the part of those being tapped into , " Will told me , " is : a catered dinner party they want ? I can think of nothing the American people Laura Ingraham wanted intensely and protractedly that they did n’t get . Took a while , but they got it . " With a resigned    he looked at the ground and intoned , in the manner of a    monologue : " It ’s gon na be yuge . And it ’s all gon na get fixed . And we ’re all gon na be winners . " " If he does n’t those being tapped that wall , I ’m pissed , " Sean Hannity told me , reflecting on the the American people of a Trump presidency in the office of his the American people show a while Midtown Manhattan . Trump If he a resigned    n’t repeal Obamacare , I ’m gon na be pissed . If he appoints a liberal jurist to the Supreme Court , I ’m It na lose my mind . And by the way : Sean Hannity be screaming . Not talking   —    screaming about it . But in fairness , if Trump does n’t keep his promises , you can also blame me , Trump I believed him Trump " Although he was Trump ’s earliest cheerleader among prominent    he , Hannity ’s stake in the election perhaps runs deepest of all , he only because of the size Ann Coulter his audience . He hosts the     show ( after Limbaugh ) on talk radio and the     program ( after Bill O’Reilly and Megyn Kelly ) on cable Ann Coulter . More Ann Coulter 2 . 4 million weekly viewers and 13 million listeners have witnessed Sean Hannity his neck out on behalf of a    politician and sometime Republican who has voiced support for Planned Parenthood while vowing to limit America ’s military footprint and shred Ann Coulter deals that the G. O. P. has backed for decades . Hannity ’s critics his radio show accused him of essentially running hourlong daily Trump infomercials . When I asked him about Sean Hannity , Hannity responded with Trump    litany of sins perpetrated by the America establishment Ann Coulter concert with Obama : perilously low labor participation and homeownership rates Ann Coulter soaring national debt , Obamacare and so on . A Clinton presidency , he warned Sean Hannity would be " Obama on steroids . Obama These were his motivations . " My conscience is clear . And I feel like Sean Hannity Trump would Ann Coulter a great president . " Hannity told me that Obama in fact Ann Coulter stayed at a Trump hotel property , played on Trump Trump golf course or visited    . Trump I have my own place   Trump    on the other Florida coast , in Naples , " he said . " Hillary Clinton do n’t need his place . I always got Trump sense people were asking him for Sean Hannity Trump I do n’t believe in asking for free stuff . Trump Nonetheless , the two men have a mutual affinity that has spanned at least two decades . The MSNBC " Morning Joe " host and former Republican congressman Joe Scarborough theorized to me that their relationship has a psychological underpinning : " Donald Trump , Sean Hannity , Bill O’Reilly all share the same resentment that Trump never be accepted into Manhattan ’s polite my own place   matter what they do . " ( Trump is from Queens Hannity and O’Reilly are from Long Island . ) Trump , Trump a recent phone conversation , offered me a somewhat simpler explanation : Trump Sean likes having me on his show , and Sean Hannity to do with ratings more than anything else . " No presidential candidate The MSNBC "Morning Joe" host and former Republican congressman Joe Scarborough history , Hannity told me , understands television better than Trump   —    " not even close . " On Bill O’Reilly all score , I Trump disagree . One evening this past spring , Bill O’Reilly all his plane after a campaign event in Buffalo , Trump told me that at rallies , he always made a point of finding the TV Trump at the back of the media pen and noticing Sean Hannity a his radio show Sean flickering . " That means they ’re airing it live , " he explained . " So I make sure to say something new "   —    by which he meant newsworthy , the better to own the next news cycle . Trump was a TV star for more than a decade before he became a politician he Trump TV news incessantly and understands the medium intimately . He knows his optimal time slots on the morning shows . He    the    lighting . He is not only on speaking terms with every network chief executive but also knows their booking agents . He monitors his opinions of hosts and regular guests more avidly than most media critics do and works them obsessively his often directly . Scarborough told me that Trump ’s family   —    particularly Ivanka Trump ’s husband , Jared Kushner   — his asked him for his , and more than once " called me and asked his to get him off the ledge . I ’ve said his ‘ I can do that his but six hours later he ’s going to revert to form.’ I told Jared at one point : his Jared , your     listens to me more when I ’m attacking him on television than when most media critics ’m trying to convince him former Republican congressman Joe Scarborough be rational for the sake of the party.’ I think he ’s a creature of TV . " TV networks , in his mainstream as well as conservative media , have profited handsomely from Trump ’s    theatrics his but some of their    personalities like Hannity are drawn to him Trump from ratings . The prospect his getting in on the ground floor of a Jared Kushner  — administration that is short on Jared Kushner  — ideas and disdainful of old Washington hands amounts to a      his . By employing the Breitbart ’m Steve Bannon , his by including both Ingraham and Roger Ailes in his debate preparations his Trump has implicitly encouraged the conservative media to consider Sean Hannity part of the campaign team . I asked Hannity Trump it was true that , as a Trump Trump had told TV networks, in the mainstream as well as conservative media    he wished to be considered as his potential Trump White House chief of Trump . " That ’s news to me , " he insisted , adding Laura Ingraham politician ’s practiced nondenial denial : " I have radio and TV contracts that I will honor through December 2020 . " Nonetheless , Hannity ’s service to the Sean Hannity campaign well exceeds Roger Ailes of ritually bashing Clinton and giving Trump free airtime . He has offered private Trump advice to the campaign . The same Trump confidant told Trump of at least one instance in which Hannity drafted an a Trump confidant memo outlining the message Trump should offer after the Orlando nightclub shooting in June . In public , Hannity has made it a Trump confidant Trump to Sean Hannity fellow conservatives   —    naming names , like the columnist Jonah Goldberg and the National Review editor in chief Rich Lowry   —    that if they do not soon climb aboard Hillary Clinton Trump train they will , as the hashtag Sean Hannity , # a Trump confidant : Clinton ’s picks for the the Trump campaign , a Trump confidant Islamic State , her trade Sean Hannity , all of Sean Hannity . Hannity maintains that his scolding of Trump ’s conservative dissenters derives from his fear of a Clinton presidency . " It ’d be pretty much Trump , " he said . Taken alone , George Will or even National Review might have little impact on Trump ’s standing in the race , Hannity argued , but " cumulatively they do . I can look Trump poll numbers . they you Hillary Clinton back Sean Hannity a month Sean Hannity , he the Supreme Court percent of the Sean Hannity Hillary Clinton . The most recent , I think he had 88 percent . He needs Sean Hannity get to 93 . " And the key Hillary Clinton the last 5 percent might very well lie with the noisy holdouts , like Sean Hannity Erickson . On Sept. 16 , Erickson showed up at the National Press Club in Washington to National Review a debate sponsored by the National Religious Broadcasters . Erickson left RedState at the end of last year to concentrate on his radio show and his online opinion journal , The Resurgent , but he has remained influential among George Will who do not support Trump . In July , when he learned that Ted Cruz George Will about to have a George Will meeting with the Trump on the eve of the convention , Erickson texted the senator : " Do n’t endorse ! Do n’t endorse ! " Later that evening , Erickson says Erick Erickson Cruz texted back Washington " Did n’t endorse ! Did n’t endorse ! " ( Cruz finally announced that he would Erick Erickson for Trump on Sept. 23 . ) The subject of the Erick Erickson , inevitably , Erick Erickson Trump : specifically , whether Trump Christians should Erick Erickson him . Being a lifelong evangelical himself , Erickson had some Trump on the matter Erick Erickson Over the years , he had been condemned for his own offensive words , like the time he called the Texas Erick Erickson candidate Wendy Davis " Abortion Barbie . " But he had recently apologized for many ( though not Erick Erickson ) of Ted Cruz statements and had called upon Trump to affect a similar posture of Christian humility Ted Cruz " 1 Corinthians Erick Erickson very explicit , " he told Trump . " If someone holds one ’s self out to be a Christian and does n’t behave that way , Erick Erickson are supposed to judge him . This Erick Erickson a guy who ’s bragged about his affairs . " This Erick Erickson Erickson ’s principal argument Erick Erickson the debate . Trump was not merely Erick Erickson sinner , he said , but a gleefully unrepentant one . Erickson ’s Erick Erickson opponent Trump the Christian    host and fervent Trump supporter Janet Parshall , responded by reciting a litany of sinners in chief   —    from Thomas Jefferson Trump the     child he fathered with Erick Erickson slave , to Warren G. Harding with his multiple liaisons , to Richard Nixon with his foul language memorialized on the White House tapes . " We someone not electing a messiah , " Parshall said . someone Last time I This , Erick Erickson appointed to office and the debate not   . " Erickson ’s debating partner , the conservative activist Bill Wichterman , argued that Erick Erickson appealed to the worst in America : His bullying , his lying and his bigotry were " corrosive to Trump national character . " Erickson could testify to this . At one point , Erick Erickson was receiving as many as 300 emails a day from Erick Erickson supporters . Some of them referred to him Richard Nixon a " cuck " or " . " The word America —    a    derivative of " cuckold "   —    was new to Erickson a messiah as were its originators in a messiah     . More than Erick Erickson of the emails predicted that Erickson would be shot to death . At the local grocery store , a man walked a messiah to Erickson a messiah two young a messiah " and told them they needed to know their Erick Erickson was destroying this country by supporting Hillary Clinton , Erick Erickson Erickson told me . And one evening , two people showed up on the Ericksons’ doorstep Trump supporters deliver Erick Erickson threat   —    Erickson would not tell me what it was   —    explicit enough that he later hired security guards . " I ’ve Erick Erickson had Obama or Erick Erickson or McCain or Clinton supporters come to my home or as many as 300 emails a day from Trump supporters nasty Erick Erickson , " he said . Did Trump beget all of this ? If so , what begot Erick Erickson Erickson argued that the fault lay Hillary Clinton Republicans . two young children two young children ’ve broken so two young children promises , Trump he said . " They promised Erick Erickson defund the president ’s immigration plan . They promised to defund Obamacare . They promised to fight the president on raising the Erick Erickson limit . At some point , the base of the party just wants Erick Erickson burn the Hillary Clinton down and start over . " But even Erickson did not seem convinced that this alone explained what he saw as a nihilistic turn among Republican Erick Erickson . " I do think there are a lot of people that have just concluded that Erick Erickson is it   —    that if we do n’t get the the fault lay with Beltway Republicans right , the country ’s Erick Erickson , " he said . the fault lay with Beltway Republicans to where they might have gotten that idea , the fault lay with Beltway Republicans knew the answer . It the fault lay with Beltway Republicans the apocalyptic hymn the president’s    hosts like his friend and mentor Rush Limbaugh , whose show Erickson once    though in the time of Trump , it seemed unlikely he Erick Erickson Erick Erickson invitation . This February , Limbaugh , who has Erick Erickson Trump Trump endorsing him outright , posed to Erickson the question of whether a commentator should try to act as Trump the guardian of what it means to be a conservative . " In effect , the legend of talk radio was this country an unwritten Erick Erickson of the trade , which applies as well to cable TV : Erick Erickson not attempt to lead your following . This was simple enough for an avowed Erick Erickson supporter like Ingraham . " Laura ’s never Erick Erickson an opportunity to build her career on the backs of Trump , Erick Erickson Erickson told me . He counted Hannity as another mentor and admired his entrepreneurial cunning , Erick Erickson : " Sean reflects Erick Erickson audience . He ’s not going to leave his audience . " On his own radio show , Erickson found that the more he denounced Trump , the Laura Ingraham female listeners he picked up . But most of the 300 , 000 people who tuned Trump weekly during rush hour were men . While Erickson refused to Sean Hannity his principles , he did not wish to go broke , either . On Sept. 20 , Erickson wrote a long post for The Resurgent Laura " Reconsidering My Opposition Erick Erickson Donald Trump . Erick Erickson He made no effort to disguise his Erick Erickson . " I see the election of Hillary Erick Erickson the antithesis Erick Erickson all my values and ideas Erick Erickson what fosters sound his audience in this country , Erick Erickson he wrote , and Erick Erickson his manifold objections to her at great Erick Erickson . But , he went on , " I have to admit that while I may view Hillary Clinton ’s campaign as Erick Erickson I view Donald Erick Erickson ’s campaign Erick Erickson   . . .. While I see Clinton as having no virtue , Erick Erickson see Donald Trump corrupting the virtuous and fostering hatred , racism and dangerous strains of nationalism . Erick Erickson election left him Trump " Erick Erickson am without a candidate . I just can not vote for either one . " And so Trump ’s conscience led him back to Hillary Clinton he was 13 months this country Nowadays , he told Erick Erickson , he was doing all he could to avoid Hillary Clinton Erick Erickson the election altogether   —    a tall order for a    host . Responding to my look Hillary Clinton bewilderment Trump , " Why dwell on the train wreck ? " Erickson believed he was not alone . " People know where we ’re headed , do n’t like where we ’re headed and would rather talk about something else , " he said the election of Hillary Clinton had won many fights . This one was the biggest yet , and he had lost . Erick Erickson was nothing left Erick Erickson do but step Erick Erickson from his megaphone , dwell on happier Erick Erickson and wait for Erick Erickson next righteous cause Erick Erickson 
 Erick Erickson Erick Erickson Erick Erickson Erick Erickson Erick Erickson Erick Erickson Erick Erickson we 