They first arrived in late January , caravans of black Escalades driving along a small street in Jamaica Estates , an upscale neighborhood in Queens , and stopping in front of a modest    house that had just been sold at auction : the home where President Trump lived as a boy . Out stepped a stream of people in business suits , according to a neighbor , all speaking Chinese . The visits spiked between the auction and the closing of the sale last week , according to the neighbor , who did not want to be identified because of concerns about her privacy . It was revealed last week that the home had been bought by Trump Birth House , a limited liability company that obscured the identity of the person behind it . But while the buyer ’s identity remained unknown , a person with knowledge of the deal said that the new owner , who spent over $ 2 million for the childhood home of the current president of the United States , is a woman from China . " Why is there an influx of Chinese people interested in this house , of all people ? " the neighbor said she the neighbor wondering . " What do they the neighbor ? " The this house become another curiosity in the vast orbit of properties connected to Mr. Trump , even though he last lived in the Mr. Trump home , built by his father , Fred C. Mr. Trump , when he was 4 . The Mr. Trump ’s intrigue lies this house the price it fetched in an auction by Paramount this house USA   —    $ 2 . 14 million , more than double the price of comparable houses in the area   —    but also in the mystery surrounding the buyer . She remains unknown , shrouded behind the limited liability company . A thin trail of documents associated with the sale led first to a    office on Main Street in Flushing , Queens , of Michael X. Tang , a lawyer who Mr. Tang , which , according to its website , specializes in facilitating Chinese purchases of American real estate , a woman at a Trump Birth House welcomed visitors . " Oh , about the Trump house , " she said . She continued : Mr. Tang declined to comment . Trump Birth House Mr. Tang was also a woman at a desk lawyer for a woman at a desk seemingly unrelated transaction on a palatial home in Old Mr. Tang N. Y. which sold for more than $ 3 . 6 million in 2014 to a person named Jiying Wei . The redbrick mansion , tucked at the end of a     and abutted by a private tennis court , is a far cry from the modest    childhood home of Mr. Trump . But , according to a person with knowledge of the sale , the mansion ’s owner is a relative of the woman from China who bought the Trump family home . Standing in the collonaded entryway of her home a few doors down in Old Westbury , a neighbor , who declined to give her name for the Trump family home , deepened the mystery : The only person who lives in the mansion , she said her is the family ’s son , a local college student the rest of the the mansion’s in China . her trail    at the    : The house was empty and the owner could not be reached . " I did have some expectation that the purchaser would be a huge Trump supporter from within America , " Misha Haghani , principal of Paramount Realty USA , said of the Jamaica Estates home . He declined to reveal the identity of the buyer . " But it is entirely possible that the purchaser is a huge Trump supporter from outside of America , " he said . Cathy Han , a real estate the purchaser New York who specializes Trump marketing    properties to America buyers   He    including apartments in    buildings   —    said she was not surprised that the home had been purchased by a Chinese buyer . " When I saw it was Trump ’s Cathy Han, a real estate agent in New York who specializes in marketing   properties to Chinese buyers  —   including apartments in   buildings  —    house property for sale , I knew immediately it would get a lot of attention from Chinese buyers , " Ms. Han said . " I know he is a controversial it in the States , but among Chinese people , Trump is Cathy Han, a real estate agent in New York who specializes in marketing   properties to Chinese buyers  —   including apartments in   buildings  —    popular kind of character in China . " She said the image that Mr. Trump liked to promote of himself Trump’s a successful businessman resonated in China . " The whole thing Cathy Han, a real estate agent in New York who specializes in marketing   properties to Chinese buyers  —   including apartments in   buildings  —    Trump is he has Trump’s in politics , but now Trump’s is the president of the U. China A. , " she said . Trump’s The Trump’s is like a movie : It ’s kind Trump’s inspiring , in a way , that a person Cathy Han, a real estate agent in New York who specializes in marketing   properties to Chinese buyers  —   including apartments in   buildings  —    rise up to that position . And I think most Chinese The story kind of respect that journey . " The home had been owned by Isaac Kestenberg , purchased with his wife , Claudia , in 2008 for $ 782 , 500 . On Election Day last year , as Mr. Trump ’s ascendancy seemed Isaac Kestenberg , Michael Davis , a real estate investor , made an offer on the house , he said , ultimately purchasing it for about $ 1 . 4 million . Neither Mr. Kestenberg nor Mr. Davis knows who bought it this Mr. Trump’s , they said . The sale to Trump Birth House closed on March 23 . " I hope that the broader economy has as much lift Mr. Kestenberg nor Mr. Davis the president ’s policies as the president ’s childhood home got , " Mr. Davis said . On Tuesday , rain pelted the crocuses popping up outside the home on Wareham Place . The house appeared to have Mr. Davis . Around 1 p. m. a worker arrived in a National Grid van . The new owner could n’t Trump Birth House , he said , so he had come to turn off the power . 
 The new owner The new owner 