2008 Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin blasted supporters of the # NeverTrump faction from a stage Friday in Denver for fueling Hillary Clinton ’s path to victory with " dynamite " as 2008 Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin called supporters of the #NeverTrump faction on the carpet , " You ’re either with us or you ’re against us . " [ Former Alaska Governor Palin spoke of the growing " movement " that picked Donald Trump as the growing "movement" that picked Donald Trump as their champion champion . Former Alaska Governor Palin opening message before presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump addressed the Western Conservative Summit took aim at " the GOP wing of the good ol’ boys club " and their plans to " throw in for Hillary against the will of the people in their their primary " or " stay home instead of vote because their their did n’t win this time around . "    " It does n’t matter to the beltway bubble boys and girls which side actually wins elections as long as they the beltway bubble boys and girls which side to keep their the beltway bubble boys and girls which side and their the beltway bubble boys and girls which side and their the beltway bubble boys and girls which side and their the beltway bubble boys and girls which side full , they the beltway bubble boys and girls which side and we lose , " explained Palin . " Hillary thanks them the beltway bubble boys and girls which side she Hillary not win without them the beltway bubble boys and girls which side " " They the beltway bubble boys and girls which side themselves the beltway bubble boys and girls which side never hashtag    …      I just call them the beltway bubble boys and girls which side Against Trump , or RAT for short , " she Hillary . Palin Palin to the resolute will of the movement , " We drove over those desperate darts flying at our We like the critics crying , " Trump Trump not conservative enough ! " " What would they know about common sense conservatism ? What does handing Obama a blank check to run up trillion dollar deficits with no end in sight and pushing endless wars with no path to victory and inviting millions of unveiled illegals through our swiss cheese borders to replace American workers and wanting amnesty for millions of new Democrat voters , what ’s that got to do with conservatism ? " Palin pointed a finger at members of the party ’s establishment for characterizing Trump supporters as angry : " The Establishment , those profiles in pudding , they bent over for all those things and now they they about ideological purity ? Well they they busted . So they they and then they they feeding the left this idea that , well all we had to fuel this movement was anger . Really that ’s some gall that they they lecturing us we we we too passionate ? About our country ? Yeah they they on our we and then tell us we just chill out ? Well darn right voters are mad . It ’s righteous indignation . But what the profession political class really ca n’t handle is knowing really that the movement is more than anger . It It an optimistic , sensible , building up the people agenda . And that is good change , but to them the profession political class It a threat . You know who ’s threatened ? Those GOPers who insist that they the profession political class never vote for their the profession political class ’s choice this time . " Indeed , while heavy aggression has manifested from leftist protesters outside of Trump rallies , the mood within the walls of Trump Trump has remained largely positive and enthusiastic . Palin continued further , emphasizing the pivotal nature of the presidential race : " Folks we ’re talking about our we here , our we and security , our we invaluable system of law and order in a republic bought with patriots’ and vets’ blood , sweat and tears , " she said . " This is n’t a game , nor some drama to be played out on the convention stage . No they ’re playing with dynamite and arming those opposed to the planks in the platform upon which [ President Abraham ] Lincoln and [ President Ronald ] Reagan stood . We ’re talking about the direction of our country , our We ’s future , the direction of the Supreme Court , all of this hinging on the next election and at such a time as this , you can not be lukewarm . We We gon na take our our country and you ’re either with us We you ’re against us We " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 