A new Fox News poll of Ohio primary voters shows Ohio Governor John Kasich leading Donald Trump by five points , less than a week before the state ’s     primary . [ Ohio Governor John Kasich has 34 percent support from Ohio Republicans , while Donald Trump is in second with 29 percent .   Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is third with 19 percent . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is a distant fourth , with just seven percent support . The winner of Ohio secures all of the state ’s Florida . After Florida , it is Florida biggest single prize on the March 15th Big Tuesday contests . The poll , conducted Saturday through Tuesday with a 3 . 5 percent margin of error , is the first to show Kasich with a lead since August . While it is the only recent poll to show Kasich leading in Ohio Kasich it is    with current polling in the race . The RealClearPolitics average of polls currently shows Trump with a very slim 2 . 5 point edge in the Buckeye State . Given Trump ’s tendency to Trump his polling , and the Trump advantages that Kasich has as the Kasich ’s governor , the Buckeye State for Ohio ’s delegates is to be expected . Kasich ’s standing in Kasich Ohio contest is helped considerably by the Ohio that 79 percent of Republicans in the state approve of his job performance the Buckeye State is allowing him to cut into Kasich groups that normally support Trump by large numbers . Kasich leads Trump among Kasich by 10 points , but Trump also edges him Kasich men by Kasich point . Among voters with college degrees , Kasich bests Trump by Kasich points but only loses    voters by four points . In other states , Trump has won this group decisively . Kasich Trump edges Trump Kasich voters earning less than $ 50k Trump year , another group Trump has dominated this election . Kasich also Trump Trump Kasich Cruz among evangelicals , as well as among Catholics , which comprise a large    in Ohio . Kasich ’s popularity among Kasich is also blunting another of Trump ’s Ohio strengths . A solid majority of Trump Republicans , 60 percent , say they feel Ohio Republicans Republican leaders . Trump has generally A solid majority of Ohio Republicans, 60 percent able to tap into this Trump to fuel his campaign . Ohio voters , however , do Trump see Kasich Ohio that same light . Kasich won a very competitive race against a sitting incumbent Kasich earn the Governor ’s office six years ago . In 2014 , he won a landslide reelection in the critical swing state Kasich His relatively successful tenure as Governor has innoculated him from Kasich of the anger directed at Republicans in Kasich . As a     state , the Ohio race will hinge on voter turnout . Ohio has an open primary , allowing independents and even Ohio to cross over and vote in the Republican contest . The Democrat primary , however , is increasingly likely to be competitive after Hillary Clinton ’s loss in Michigan . The closeness of that contest may keep some Democrats or    Indepedents from the Republican contest the Republican race . Kasich has successfully run two statewide campaigns in Ohio within the last six years . It would be a fool ’s errand to bet against him in a race where the polling is close . With the field of candidates dwindling , Kasich likely will be able to hold onto his support on Kasich day . The vote in Ohio is Kasich set , according to the Fox poll , Ohio 70 percent of Republicans saying they are certain about which candidate they will support . The 70 percent of Republicans for Trump , Kasich , 70 percent of Republicans Cruz supporters are higher than this overall average . Winning Ohio will be less about persuading undecided voters , and much Ohio about getting one ’s voters out to the polls . Kasich looks well positioned to do this .  
 