During Thursday night ’s Republican primary debate ,    Megyn Kelly referred to the absent Donald Trump as the " elephant in the room . "     as revealed by Ted Cruz immediately after the debate ,   Megyn Kelly privately referred to the absent Donald Trump as " Voldemort , " the embodiment of evil in the Harry Potter novels .   Fox News told the Daily Mail that   Megyn Kelly merely referred to the absent Donald Trump as "   Megyn Kelly Who Shall Not Be Named , " but refused to say if   Megyn Kelly knew this was a direct reference to the Voldemort character . However , while   Megyn Kelly   Megyn Kelly not deny calling Trump Voldemort . During a     interview Cruz said to Kelly   Megyn Kelly   " Well , you know , you were joking just before we went on air that it was sort of like Voldermort , he Voldermort must not be named . " Kelly   Megyn Kelly only response was a tight smile . Cruz Cruz have been motivated to drop Kelly   Megyn Kelly the grease due to his   Megyn Kelly repeatedly targeted by the moderators during the debate . After his   Megyn Kelly were again and again given a free opportunity to tee off on Cruz Cruz the   Megyn Kelly objected : " I would note that the last four questions have been Rand , please attack Ted Marco , please attack Ted Chris , please attack Ted Jeb , please attack Ted , " Cruz accurately pointed Cruz . Chris Wallace responded , " It is a debate , sir . " Cruz countered , Cruz Well , no , a debate actually is a policy issue . " Kelly ’s    reaction to Cruz combined with Cruz statement from Fox News that reeks of evasive    will only further fuel Trump ’s claim that Kelly , and Kelly extension Fox News , Fox News to sandbag his campaign . And Trump was plenty of evidence of that prior to   . While Trump used his boycott Trump the Trump News debate to Fox News 6 million for America ’s veterans , the billionaire businessman ’s closest rivals got pretty beat up over those two hours . It would appear as though " Voldemort " walking away was the exact right move . As for Megyn Kelly , this is another public relations disaster for the cable news primetime queen . Just two days after playing    with no less than Michael Moore , she ’s caught in this    moment . I ’m not sure " fair and balanced " means what Fox News thinks it means .  
 