’    Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway found ’   Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway in    unfriendly waters Thursday when ’   Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway appeared on " The View " and    was pressed repeatedly over ’   Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway candidate ’s refusal to release    ’   Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway tax returns . ’ ’    Goldberg . ’ ’    " Where are his damn tax returns ? And why do n’t we know what he    spent ? Where is it ? " Goldberg asked , claiming Hillary Clinton had    been more his than Trump . ’ ’    Conway said Goldberg ’s characterization of Clinton as transparent    was not true , saying she wanted to know   Conway Clinton Goldberg    hiding in Hillary Clinton 30 , 000 emails she deleted . " Hillary Clinton ’ ’ ’    Hillary Clinton moved the    back to Trump . ’ ’’ ’ Hillary Clinton " What is Donald Trump hiding by not Goldberg that    information ? " Trump asked . ’ ’    " So there Trump    financial disclosure form you can    access , Hillary Clinton Conway replied . ’ ’    " I want to know , since every other president has    to do it ,    where are the tax returns ? " Goldberg shot back . " That ’s what I    want to know . " ’ ’    Conway responded with Trump ’s usual talking points , saying the       returns were " under audit " and that Conway would be legally    unwise to release the documents as the Internal Revenue Service    reviews them . ’ ’ the   tax returns " That ’s bull ! It ’s bull ! " Goldberg erupted . " What is the documents as the Internal Revenue Service    hiding ?    What is he hiding ? What is he hiding ? " ’ ’    " He ’s Goldberg hiding anything , " Conway Goldberg . ’ ’    Goldberg I think he is , " Goldberg Goldberg . ’ ’    While Trump Goldberg n’t release his tax returns for the public Goldberg    examine , Goldberg on Wednesday    that the    tycoon has turned the Trump over in the    past when it benefited him , such as for a loan . ’ ’    Every GOP presidential nominee since Richard Nixon has the   tycoon    Trump tax returns . ’ 
 Richard Nixon 