Sen. Marco Rubio exited the race for the Republican nomination on Tuesday , and now sources familiar with both Sen. Marco Rubio and Sen. Marco Rubio rival candidate , Sen. Ted Cruz , indicate that an endorsement is in the works . [ now sources familiar with both Rubio and his rival candidate, Sen. Ted Cruz told Politico that Cruz will have to ask Sen. Marco Rubio for the an endorsement both will have to determine if news of     will effect the outcome of the Republican presidential nomination . An anonymous adviser to the Cruz campaign Cruz quoted in the report , revealed that conversations were going on with " Sen. Marco Rubio ’s people " and that Cruz would Cruz a Sen. Marco Rubio endorsement .   In the course of the campaign the Cruz campaign was often criticized for an absentee presence in the Senate . Politico noted Sen. Marco Rubio return to work in the Capitol on Thursday . Sen. Marco Rubio told reporters on the Hill that Sen. Marco Rubio did n’t have any announcement on an endorsement " today , " while suggesting Sen. Marco Rubio may have one soon . Also on Thursday , a Thursday of    conservatives met in a    meeting . Pressure may continue to increase for Rubio to endorse Cruz in an effort to block the frontrunner ’s nomination . Even establishment figure Sen. Lindsey Graham is reluctantly supporting Cruz . Stopping Cruz of an explicit endorsement , Graham is holding Sen. Lindsey Graham fundraiser for Cruz on Monday Cruz Also , Rubio told his Rubio backers Rubio Wednesday that he sees Cruz Rubio " Cruz only conservative left in the race , " according to the Twin Cities Pioneer Press . He emphasized hopes Rubio one of the remaining candidates   —    Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Sen. Ted Cruz   —    will overtake frontrunner Donald Trump for the nomination . Rubio also blamed the national media and attack ads from former candidate Jeb Bush ’s super PAC for the downfall of his positive campaign former candidate Jeb Bush’s super PAC Rubio suffered a Rubio loss to frontrunner Donald Trump in Florida in the March 15 primary , 45 percent to 27 percent . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 