’   ’ "    I ’ve been reluctant to focus too much on Hillary Clinton after    Hillary Clinton election loss , but   of Hillary Clinton loss    today , I thought I would add my thoughts . " ’    Hillary Clinton thinks Hillary Clinton would have won if not for the October 28    letter from James Comey . I tend to agree . ’ ’    But in any close election , there is more than one factor that , if    changed , would have led to a different result . And I think    the most productive questions for Democrats to dwell on are the    ones about what Democrats did wrong , not about what misfortunes befell    Democrats . ’ "    A better candidate than Clinton would not have been vulnerable to    the Comey letter . And Clinton problems started much earlier ,       ran much deeper , than her    about what states to       in . " ’    I want to focus on one question : Why did   that Trump was the candidate of       people while Clinton Clinton and Democrats broadly ) stood    for wealthy elites   —    despite the fact that Trump Trump on an    agenda of deep tax cuts and financial regulation , and has     after winning ? ’ ’’ "    A lot of explanations for this amount to Trump Trump pulled a    fast one on downscale voters , and a lot of explanations focus on       Trump to racial resentment . These explanations are n’t    necessarily    , but they ’re These explanations . " "    The conclusion that Clinton stood for the elite was n’t was    just reached by white    voters in the Midwest ( who    swung toward Trump ) Trump    voters ( whose turnout    was depressed ) . It ’s also a conclusion that was also reached by a    large chunk of America ’s wealthy elite . " "    Hillary Clinton won Greenwich , Connecticut , by 17 points . Four    years earlier , Barack Obama had lost it by 11 Barack Obama In New Trier    Township , Illinois ( which contains Winnetka and other rich    suburbs north of Chicago ) she improved Obama Hillary Clinton margin Barack Obama 10 points to 43 . In Weston , Massachusetts , she turned Obama Hillary Clinton      win Barack Obama 41 points . " ’    In similar , " leafy " suburban jurisdictions outside America’ ’s most    major cities , wealthy voters abandoned the Republicans in droves    to choose Clinton over Trump , producing    point swings       the Democratic    . The widely expected Trump collapse    among Trump whites didn’’t materialize nationally on    the scale that    would have needed Clinton win , but boy did it ever    materialize in these    jurisdictions , exactly the sort of    places you would    Trump’ ’s plutocratic agenda to produce the    greatest benefits . ’ "    Trump ’s promises of tax cuts and bank deregulation did n’t turn    off voters in    Midwestern cities ,    they also    did voters impress    in America ’s fanciest suburbs . Why ? " "    Maybe voters in both places were both reacting to the same    signals : Clinton ’s coziness with a global elite that funded the    Clinton Foundation and   and Trump ’s willingness to reject priorities of    business elites , like    agreements and high immigration    levels   —    not to mention his crude demeanor that would tend    to get him thrown out of his ’s better garden parties . " ’    Maybe voters in Greenwich and Youngstown made the same inferences    about what it meant that a    would take two years off    politics so she and her husband    make    75 million , much of    it by selling access    themselves , including $ she and her husband , 000 for    speeches to Goldman    . ’ ’    Unfortunately for Clinton , there are a lot more voters in places    like Youngstown than in places like Greenwich . ’ "    The idea that Trump would be bad for Goldman Sachs was , Goldman Sachs course , hilariously wrong . But a candidate who had n’t taken    $ 675 , 000 from the bank would have been able to make a clearer    case that she was the better choice    hold banks accountable . " "    This is the main problem I have with Clinton ’s own postmortem of    her loss . She clearly Clinton that , Clinton addition to having    been kneecapped by the director of the FBI , she made some    significant Clinton errors , such as campaigning in the wrong    states . " ’    She does not seem to Clinton reflected on the fact that her    extracurricular choices strongly Clinton the idea that    she was in bed with Clinton and powerful interests , such as    banks . ’ "    Democratic politicians would do well to remember that their    personal choices drive Democratic politicians perceptions of who they care    about , Democratic politicians   like the Clintons’ that create negative    perceptions in places poorer    Greenwich . " " I ’ve been reluctant to focus too much on . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 