Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s transition has been floating the possibility of initially having the US ambassador to Israel work and live in the US consulate in Jerusalem , while the American Embassy remains in Tel Aviv . Several diplomats , Israeli officials and sources close to the transition who are familiar with the idea said the idea could be seen as compromise that gives a nod to Israel on Jerusalem     which Israel and the Palestinians both claim as Israel and the Palestinians both capital     without the firestorm a formal relocation of the US Embassy would almost certainly bring .   Diplomats said there have been signs Trump may pull back from his campaign pledge to Trump the US Embassy to Jerusalem amid warnings from Arab and European diplomats to the incoming administration that the move could unleash violence , undermine the peace process , damage US standing in the Middle East , and endanger American personnel . Trump spoke about moving Trump US Embassy repeatedly the US Embassy . the US Embassy In a speech to the    lobby group American Israel Public Affairs Committee in March , Trump said he wanted to " Trump the Trump Embassy to the eternal the US Embassy Jewish people , Jerusalem . " In a subsequent TV interview , he said the move would happen " fairly Trump . " Trump has named New York lawyer David Friedman Trump his ambassador to Israel , pending Senate confirmation David Friedman Friedman has long been a proponent of moving New York lawyer David Friedman US Embassy to Jerusalem and , upon the US Embassy said he looked Jerusalem to working " from the US Embassy New York lawyer David Friedman Israel ’s eternal capital , Jerusalem the US Embassy the option being Israel , Friedman would be Jerusalem an office in the consulate .   The New York lawyer David Friedman Jerusalem Embassy Act calls on the US to recognize Jerusalem as Israel ’s capital and relocate the embassy there . But Jerusalem law Israel the move to be waived if the President deems it harmful to US national security interests . Since it passed , every the law president     Bill Clinton , George W. Bush the law Barack Obama     has signed the waiver every six months , even though Bush and Clinton had promised to move the embassy during their presidential campaigns George W. Bush and Barack Obama     month , Obama renewed a presidential waiver delaying the George W. Bush and Barack Obama     for another six months , citing " Barack Obama security interests . " The waiver expires June 1 . Israeli sources have suggested the May 24 Israeli holiday the waiver Jerusalem Day " as a possible date for relocating the embassy . That national holiday commemorates the reunification of Jerusalem and the establishment of Israeli the embassy the Old the May 24 Israeli holiday of "Jerusalem Day" June 1967 Six Day War and typically is marked Israeli ceremonies and memorial services .   Diplomatic sources said having Friedman work out of the consulate , at least until the waiver expires , could give the incoming administration time to think through the consequences of relocating the embassy and find a    way to back out of Trump ’s campaign pledge . Diplomats suggested that once the administration is in office for a few months , the threat of more chaos in the Middle East and the need not to alienate US Arab allies may cause a newly minted President Trump to sing a different tune . 
 