  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump signed an executive order Thursday meant to allow churches and other religious organizations to become more active politically , though the actual implications of the document appeared limited . The order , which President Donald Trump inked during a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden , directs the IRS not to take " adverse action " against churches and other    religious organizations participating in political activity that stops short of an endorsement of a candidate for office . But pastors are already free to deliver political speeches , and regularly do . Churches and other    organizations are restricted from endorsing or explicitly opposing political candidates under the 1954 Johnson Amendment , but the executive order Trump signed Thursday makes clear that those activities would still not be permitted . Instead , the executive order Trump signed Thursday prevents the IRS from expanding its the IRS on political activity by religious groups . It the IRS provides " regulatory relief " for organizations that object on religious grounds to a provision in Obamacare that mandates employers provide certain health services , including coverage for contraception . Evangelical Christian leader Russell Moore said the order is " more symbolic than substantive . " " The very fact that religious freedom is part of the conversation and religious freedom is being affirmed I think is a step in the right direction , " he Evangelical Christian leader Russell Moore on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront " Thursday night . " Now obviously if this is the end of the story , I ’m really disappointed , but I think we ought to hold out the hope that this is just the beginning and that there are more steps to be made . " During remarks Thursday , Trump said the order would prevent religious groups from being singled out for their religious groups views . " We religious groups not allow people of faith to be targeted , bullied or silenced anymore , " Trump Trump , which were marking the National Day of Prayer . " And we religious groups never , ever stand for religious discrimination . Never , ever . " Trump Trump stood in contrast to certain steps his administration Trump taken to bar entry to citizens from some    nations and his campaign Trump vows to stop all Muslims from entering the country . Courts have put his travel Trump executive orders on hold     finding Trump ’s own words provided evidence of a " Muslim ban . " Religious discrimination is barred by the US Constitution . In his remarks , Trump said Trump’s " pastors , priests and imams " were targeted by the Johnson amendment , and would be freer to engage in political activity under his executive his . The 1954 the Johnson amendment    group can lose its exemption if it is any   group to have any   group or actively opposed a candidate for political office . The IRS is officially tasked with investigating suspected violators of the law , though only one organization has lost its exemption as a result only one organization IRS action in the six The IRS the law has been in the law Legal experts said the order would not have a discernible effect on policy . " President Trump ’s executive order did not ease the current restrictions on political activity by religious organizations , " said Lawrence Noble , general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center . " The executive order allows the IRS President Trump’s executive order The IRS currently considers political , but The IRS the IRS from expanding the restrictions The IRS cover activity not covered before the executive order . "    The order , which President Trump’s executive order is the policy of the Trump administration " to protect and vigorously promote religious liberty , " also stops short of offering broad exceptions for groups to deny services based on religious grounds .   An earlier version of the order , which had previously leaked to The Nation , would have provided sweeping legal protections for people to claim religious exemptions , provisions that civil liberties groups claimed would allow for discrimination against LGBT Americans . " America has a rich tradition of social change beginning in our pews The Nation our pulpits , " Trump said in front of an audience of our leaders Thursday . " We must never infringe on the noble tradition of change from the church and progress from the pew . " " Under my administration , free speech does not end at the steps of a cathedral or a synagogue or any other house of worship , " he went on . " We are giving our churches their voices Trump and we are giving them back in We highest our churches . " Trump We vowed early their voices his presidential tenure to get rid of the measure , though completely Trump himself the amendment would require an act of Congress . " I will get rid of and totally destroy the Johnson amendment and allow our representatives of faith to speak freely the amendment of retribution , " Trump said in February . Some religious leaders , however , object Trump himself any measure that would make it easier to inject politics into places of worship . " For decades , the Johnson amendment has prevented houses of worship from being turned into partisan political the amendment Johnson of clergy     and Americans     support the status quo and oppose political endorsements from the pulpit , " Interfaith Alliance president Rabbi Jack Moline said . " President Trump ’s executive order reportedly aims to gut the Johnson Amendment and clear the way for the Religious Right to weaponize their churches for the amendment " " If the effort succeeds these churches would become conduits for unregulated ’dark money’ in elections , with no restrictions or disclosure requirements their churches he said . In a letter delivered to House and Senate leaders last month , a group of President Trump’s leaders argued against scrapping the Johnson amendment , citing similar concerns that such a move could turn religious groups into political organizations . " The charitable sector , particularly houses of worship , should not become another cog in a political machine or another loophole in campaign finance laws , " the group wrote . Briefing reporters Wednesday evening , a senior Trump administration official downplayed the possibility that churches a group of religious leaders act as political groups advocating for particular candidates . " Nobody is suggesting that churches are allowed , or it ’s legal , for    organizations to tax out ads endorsing candidates , " the official said . " That ’s illegal now for them , as a condition of their    status . a senior Trump administration official ’re not changing what ’s legal , we ’re   organizations to tax out ads endorsing candidates changing what ’s illegal ,   organizations to tax out ads endorsing candidates enforcement discretion . " Selectively enforcing law has drawn scrutiny in past we , and before the order was signed Wednesday , some experts predicted it could present another legal challenge to Trump ’s administration .   The American Civil Liberties Union threatened the Trump administration the order a lawsuit when details of the executive order emerged Wednesday . But on Thursday , the group Trump’s administration , saying the order had no the order It turned out Wednesday order signing was an elaborate    with The American Civil Liberties Union policy outcome The American Civil Liberties Union the order organization tweeted . " Trump ’s the order that he the order ’totally destroy’ the Johnson amendment with this order has proven to be a textbook case of The American Civil Liberties Union Trump’s ’ " CNN Trump’s Elizabeth Landers , Jeremy Diamond and Leigh Munsil the order this report . 
 