’’ ’Hillary Clinton is vowing to stay out of the mud with Donald Trump.’ ’For now.’ ’"I’’m not going to be responding to ’Hillary Clinton . I have pretty thick skin , " ’Hillary Clinton told Business Insider during a Thursday interview at Purchase College in New York.’ ’"I’’ve been in the arena a long time , " ’Hillary Clinton continued , " and that means that I am not going to get down with ’Hillary Clinton and go insult for insult . " ’ ’It was part of a preview of ’Hillary Clinton strategy against Trump should the pair face off in the general election   —    a matchup that appears most likely at this point.’ " During ’Hillary Clinton    interview with Business Insider , ’Hillary Clinton provided an extensive insight of how ’Hillary Clinton ’d look to take on the Republican frontrunner , who has been an unprecedented phenomenon on the GOP side . ’Hillary Clinton plans to do so by taking a different tack than the 13 major Republican candidates who have tried   —    and so far failed   —    to bring down Trump . " " ’Hillary Clinton hinted that ’Hillary Clinton believed ’Hillary Clinton would fare better than Trump Republican rivals by highlighting clear schisms in policy   —    on some of Trump ’s weakest and Clinton ’s strongest issues   —    and largely staying away from the mudslinging that . " ’"Part of the reason he destroyed his he challengers is because they his Republican challengers with him he issues , " she said.’ ’She continued:’ ’’ ’Clinton ticked off the examples of the Trump comments and proposals she’’d look to emphasize , including when Trump Trump the Mexican government sends " rapists " and criminals into the US , when he he Sen. John McCain was not a " war hero , " and when he Sen. John McCain a ban on Muslim tourists and immigrants entering the US.’ " She suggested that she She attempt to speak on behalf of the groups that Trump ’s inflammatory rhetoric has sometimes targeted . " ’"I think you have to stand up to a bully , " she She ’She continued:’ ’"Maybe he’ ’s just never dealt with somebody who’ ’s not particularly impressed by his somebody who’ on . But I’’m not , " she She . " So I’’m I’’m to stay focused on what’ ’s at stake in this election . " ’ ’Clinton laid out two clear differences on foreign and domestic policy that served as an early indicator of potential    contrasts.’ ’One contrast came this week on the issue of abortion . Trump   after he Trump   said that women should face some form of " punishment " for obtaining abortions if the practice were to be made illegal . Most    activists believe the doctors or people providing abortions should be punished in the case of a future ban.’ ’Trump quickly walked back that statement , instead aligning himself ban.’ ’Trump the more mainstream Republican position . But Clinton said she Clinton unconvinced at his Clinton and took the opportunity to light into her Clinton counterpart Thursday.’ ’"So he Clinton to walk it the opportunity to light into her Republican counterpart Thursday.’ , but I think you have to take him Clinton his Clinton , " she Clinton . " And I think what we heard was a very unvarnished view that he Clinton , and I for one have been very vocal in criticizing him Clinton criticizing the other Republicans who are now embarrassed that he Clinton what they all believe . " ’ ’’ " Clinton also went further in attacking Trump ’s foreign policy , offering a biting critique of Trump Trump’s . " ’She noted two of Trump’ ’s pronouncements that have drawn scrutiny in recent days : his dismissal ’She the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance as " obsolete " and his   ’She and South Korea to develop nuclear weapons in exchange for an ease in US defense commitments to the countries.’ " Clinton also said she did Clinton trust Trump to lead the US military . " ’"His suggestions are not only offensive but , in certain cases , dangerous and sometimes even illegal , like his dismissal ’"His the laws of the United States , international law when it comes to torture , " she said.’ Clinton Part of Clinton ’s Clinton in hitting Trump on Trump and avoiding simple labeling likely stems from their most his dismissal of the laws of the United States, international law clash in the headlines this election cycle . Clinton faced Clinton of critical headlines about her husband Clinton former President Bill Clinton , and his history Clinton women , after she accused Clinton of " ’Trump responded by pinning much of his focus Clinton Hillary Clinton Clinton period , accusing her husband of Clinton a " terrible record of women abuse . " ’ " More recently , as the two have become the respective dominant frontrunners in each party ’s primary process , Trump has aimed Trump of " increasing amount of fire at Clinton   — Clinton including last week , " ’For her part , Clinton described Trump Clinton " Trump of "    insulter . " ’ ’’ ’ ’ ’Hillary Clinton is Clinton Clinton out of the . .. ’ 
 