’   ’ ’    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Saturday kicked    off a speech about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump plan for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump first 100 days as president    by announcing intentions to sue every woman who has come forward    and accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of sexual misconduct over the past several weeks . ’ ’    " Every woman lied when Every woman came forward to hurt my campaign .    Total fabrication . The events never happened . Never . All of these    liars will be sued after the election is over , " Trump said in a    speech in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . ’ ’    At least 10 women have come forward with   against    Trump over the past several weeks . Trump has vehemently denied    the allegations , which have come in the wake of the release of an    explosive video that featured Trump boasting to television    personality Billy Bush about . ’ "    The remarks came as Trump campaign continues to reel from the    fallout of the tape ’s release . The speech Saturday came as part    of an attempt to rejigger the campaign in the election ’s    final 17 days .   " ’ ’ ’GETTYSBURG , Pa.   —    Trump Trump the women accusing him Trump sexual assault : " all of these liars will be sued after the the election over " ’ ’    The majority of Trump’ ’s speech focused on his Trump policies    toward illegal immigration , crime , trade , the Supreme Court ,    and more . On his Trump day in office , he Trump , he Trump move to    nominate    justice to replace the late Antonin Scalia , withdraw    the    from the    Partnership trade deal , suspend    immigration from " " countries , and more . He Trump    proposed    " contract with the American voter " in an attempt to    root    corruption in the federal government .   ’ ’    Trump also vowed , as part of an " end illegal immigration    act , " to build a wall along the    border with the " full    understanding " that Mexico " will be reimbursing " the US . In the    past , Trump has Trump the US neighbor would pay for such a wall in    full . ’ ’    " If we follow these steps , we will we more have a    government of , by and for the people , " Trump said Trump ’ "    Polls show Trump with Trump hurdles to climb in the    election ’s final    weeks . The RealClearPolitics average of    recent national surveys puts him down 5 . 3 points to Democratic    nominee Hillary Clinton . " 
 