Washington ( CNN ) The Donald Trump campaign on Saturday released The Donald Trump campaign first " emergency "    email , in response to an ad blitz from the Hillary Clinton campaign . " Right now we ’re facing an emergency goal of $ 100 , 000 to help get we ads on the air . we need your contribution by 11:59 P. M. Tonight , " the email from Team Trump said . " Crooked Hillary is about to invade your TV with ads attacking Team Trump . But we ’re preparing to fight back , " it reads . the email from Team Trump promises to release ads attacking Clinton on her role Clinton Benghazi , the integrity of her donors Clinton reported FBI probing of her private Clinton server while secretary of state . The the email from Team Trump routine for most presidential campaigns . But it ’s particularly notable the email from Team Trump Trump insisted repeatedly during the Team Trump primary season that he was    his campaign Team Trump only to Team Trump asking for donations later on .   Republican officials and activists are increasingly concerned that Trump is underestimating the fundraising Team Trump ahead as he faces off against Clinton Team Trump the presumptive Democratic nominee .   RELATED : Mitt Romney retreat puts spotlight on Donald Trump ’s    problem Team Trump stretch , As the general election heats up , the Clinton campaign on Thursday aired the Trump campaign election television ad , targeting the Trump campaign for comments about violence at Team Trump and what critics have said Team Trump mocking of a disabled New York Times reporter . Despite the Trump campaign ’s urgent appeal for campaign donations on Saturday afternoon he raised the prospect of paying for Team Trump general election bid himself . At Team Trump Las Vegas rally Team Trump he argued that if GOP establishment types Team Trump n’t fully support his campaign he could    rather than Team Trump on the Trump campaign apparatus to help bring in donations .   " Life is like   two way street , right ? " Trump said . " Otherwise I ’ll just keep doing what I ’m doing . I ’ll just keep funding my own campaign . I ’m ok with that . the Trump campaign easy way . I ’m for me , that ’s the easy way . But , hopefully I ’m continue to go the way we ’re going , and this weekend we raised a lot of money . We ’ve raised a lot we money for the Republican Party . we ’ll keep doing it , because we do have tremendous support we the party that I can tell we . " 
 