Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     All times eastern . 9:35 : In response to Clinton ’s implication that Sanders may not be qualified to be president , Sanders says Clinton ’s Iraq vote makes Clinton unqualified to be president : Here ’s the full Sanders quote on Clinton not being qualified : pic . twitter .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) April 7 , 2016 ,   Sanders Sanders hard on Clinton . Clinton says Clinton ’s not qualified to be prez . Clinton lists reasons Clinton thinks Clinton ’s not qualified : SuperPac $ Iraq vote ,   —    Julia Terruso ( @JuliaTerruso ) April 7 , 2016 ,   " I do n’t think you are qualified if you supported virtually every disastrous trade agreement which has cost us million . "   —    Julia Terruso ( @JuliaTerruso ) April 7 , 2016 ,   Sanders takes the stage : " Thank you , Philadelphia , what a tremendous turnout " pic . twitter .    —    Julia Terruso ( @JuliaTerruso ) April 7 , 2016 ,   8:51 : Massive crowd for Sanders Sanders Philadelphia Philadelphia And for perspective here is @BernieSanders’ ACTUAL rally space in Philadelphia Philadelphia Filling to the top of the arena . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 7 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders fills a separate basketball practice arena as his @BernieSanders at Temple University . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 7 , 2016 ,   8:37 :    agitators clashing with Trump supporters as they Trump supporters the venue . Police rush to get between protesters and new crowd of Trump Trump just leaving Long Island rally . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) April 7 , 2016 ,   " Walk . Of . Shame ! Walk . Of . Shame ! " protesters Protesters at departing Trump Trump .   "    ! " chant Trump departing Trump supporters   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) April 7 , 2016 ,   Trump supporters : " Take a   ! " Protesters : " Read a   ! " I am going home ,   —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) April 7 , 2016 ,   Protesters gathered outside Donald Trump ’s rally in Bethpage , New York https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) April 7 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Police keeping    protesters in check at Bethpage : Police in full riot gear move between Trump supporters Donald Trump protesters , media moved to the other side of the street . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) April 6 , 2016 ,   Outside Long Island Trump event , hundreds of supporters and protesters trade chants , held back by police and gates . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) April 6 , 2016 ,   There are cops in riot gear standing between screaming Trump supporters Long Island Trump screaming protesters . pic . twitter .    —    Daniel Dale ( @ddale8 ) April 7 , 2016 ,   7:53 : Trump says Long Island Trump presidency Long Island Trump be about putting " America First . " He adds Long Island Trump " it ’ll happen , and it ’ll it fast . " 7:45 : Trump talking Long Island Trump migration from the Middle East and says " we ’re not going to put up with it " before again reading the lyrics to the " The Snake . " Trump says Long Island Trump do we want more    terrorists attacks so " we ’re not going to be politically correct " regarding terrorism . 7:40 : Trump says Long Island Trump makes him happiest Long Island Trump when the people who know him well Long Island Trump New York have him leading Long Island Trump polls . Trump says Long Island Trump press is " so dirty " and just " terrible . " 7:32 : Trump says Long Island Trump ’s Long Island Trump straight shooter like New Yorkers .   He slams Long Island Trump and Kasich for wanting TPP . He says Long Island Trump will " suck the blood out of New York New York our country and he ’s Long Island Trump to stop what is going to be a " catastrophic " deal . " Trump slams Ford , saying we want them to stay Cruz and Kasich . He talks Long Island Trump Nabisco , Carrier moving to Mexico . 7:29 : Trump says Lyin’ Ted Cruz could n’t draw even 100 people in his visit to Ted Cruz York . New York Cruz for Ted Cruz him Ted Cruz " New Ted Cruz values   New York like we ’re no good . " He says he started talking Ted Cruz him Ted Cruz the World Trade Ted Cruz and the bravery of our police , firefighters and everybody . " You better believe it , " Trump says when the crowd chants "   !    ! " Trump says Cruz was talking Trump " New York values " with " scorn in his face " and " Trump . " Crowd chants " Lyin’ Ted ! " after Trump says " I think Trump can forget about him . " [ Here Trump the story Trump referred to during the Trump . Just dozens showed up for a Cruz event and some were Cruz . ] 7:25 : Trump says our companies are Trump " Trump " and that ’s going to end because we ’re going to bring Trump back to the United States . 7:23 : Trump says " we do Trump fight like people from Long Island . We do n’t fight like we from New York . " He vows to rebuild our Trump and " knock we hell out of ISIS " and " nobody ’s going to mess with us . Nobody . " we also says " we Trump going to take we of our vets . Our vets we not taken our vets . " 7:20 : Raucous crowd chants " Trump ! " and "   !    ! " Trump says it ’s great to be home Trump New York . He says he loves this city Trump this Trump and " we are going to start winning this city and this country . " Trump says he said to himself Trump some Trump the people Trump the car that " I ’m    my campaign " and all of these people who are running for office are taking money in from all of the special interests and that is why they ca n’t make proper transactions these people who are running for office you . 7:09 : Ivanka Trump Trump stage campaigning for her father . She notes her father was born her New her father raised her and her siblings . She her her her will outwork her in her her father After touting her dad ’s accomplishments , Ivanka her    his campaign means he is not beholden to    " except    . " She says her dad is someone her is her deeply her dad tradition . " She says her father is a her person her a long her dad of winning . She says he is the best her to have in your corner her dad battling tough opponents . 7:01 : Trump getting ready to make his first appearance after Wisconsin loss : 6:29 : Police her dad ready as well :    officers on patrol ahead of Trump ’s NY rally tonight . @NBCNightlyNews pic . twitter .    —    Peter Alexander ( @PeterAlexander ) April 6 , 2016 ,   6:07 :    protesters getting ready at Bethpage : Covering    demonstration outside # grummanstudios in # Bethpage # Trump expected here at 7p for rally tonight pic . twitter .    —    Shirley Chan ( @ShirleyChanTV ) April 6 , 2016 ,   5:32 : Where was this Sanders when he started his campaign ? Sanders calling on Clinton to this Sanders to this Sanders War victims this Sanders Americans who lost their jobs because of trade deals Clinton supported : A fiery Sanders said @HillaryClinton might also Clinton to apologize this Sanders lost this Sanders jobs due to trade deals she supported .   —    Nancy Cordes ( @nancycordes ) April Clinton , 2016 ,     Asked @BernieSanders abt calls for him to apologize to Sandy Hook victims . He said maybe @HillaryClinton Asked @BernieSanders abt apologize to Iraq War victims .   Asked @BernieSanders abt    Nancy @HillaryClinton ( @nancycordes ) April 6 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Officials expecting up to 12 , 000 people at Trump ’s Bethpage rally tonight : Trump supporter waiting for Bethpage rally notes " he says what we ’re thinking . "   Up to 12 Trump supporter 000 expected . @wcbs880 pic . twitter .    —    Peter Haskell ( @peterhaskell880 ) April 6 , 2016 ,   5:20 : Top GOP establishment operatives ( nearly every one is vehemently   ) reportedly attended an RNC meeting on a contested convention : The operatives in attendance included Trent Duffy , former Minnesota Rep. Vin Weber , Matt Schlapp , Ron Bonjean , Phil Musser , Doug Heye and Ryan Williams . RNC officials also playing dumb re : possible protests : Question at RNC    through in Cleveland : " Any guidance for covering protests RNC "    …      Convention CEO Jeff Larson : " What protests ? "   —    Peter Hamby ( @PeterHamby ) April 6 , 2016 ,   5:15 : On MSNBC , Brad Todd , a strategist who had been aligned with Jindal ’s Super PAC , tells Chuck Todd that Trump ’s Long Island Trump is getting preventing him from putting the race away and taking    political advice . Trump’s ego says attacking Scott Walker in Wisconsin , where conservative primary voters Trump’s ego defended him in Wisconsin of the fiercest political battles in recent times , Trump’s ego a huge mistake . 4:25 : Trump supporters Long Island Trump Bethpage rally : Line report from Trump ’s rally in Bethpage Long Island …     in short : lot Trump’s , long line , and it ’s cold out . pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) April 6 , 2016 ,   Trump supporters outside Bethpage rally pic . twitter .    —    Nicole Fuller ( @nicolefuller ) April 6 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Rubio still not endorsing Cruz .    Sen. Ben Sasse Cruz ) declines to comment when asked if he will    Cruz : 3:00 : Team Sanders Cruz expectations in New York Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) Top Sanders    WI New York this Sanders acknowledges on CNN that NY is a this Sanders —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) April 6 , 2016 ,   2:50 : Cruz in the Bronx : Hasids Cruz NYPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Kornbluh ( @jacobkornbluh ) April 6 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Cruz campaign thanks supporters for Wisconsin win : Thank you Wisconsin ! Help build the Cruz : https :   .   # CruzCrew # ChooseCruzhttps Wisconsin   .    — Wisconsin Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) April 6 , 2016 ,   2:30 : Clinton    when asked about the Sanders ’s campaign suggestion that her ambition can destroy their party : Hillary Clinton responds to Bernie Sanders’ campaign manager suggesting her ambition could destroy Clinton party . https :   this Sanders —    Christopher C. Cuomo ( @ChrisCuomo ) April 6 , Clinton   2:25 : Cruz booed , heckled in Clinton her ambition " You know their party not   Ted Cruz You ’re not born here , New York shouts at him : . @tedcruz exits to boos , protesters , some supporters . pic . Ted Cruz .    —    Emily Cahn ( @CahnEmily ) April 6 , 2016 ,   2:15 : Cruz stands by his New York values remarks . He they are de Blasio ’s Ted Cruz and says Ted Cruz is captive to New York Ted Cruz control him and that is why one of Ted Cruz first actions as mayor was to try Ted Cruz throw     out of charter schools Ted Cruz those values have been hammering New Yorkers . Cruz stands by New Yorkers New York values " line , New York Democrats : specifically Andrew Ted Cruz , Anthony Ted Cruz , Elliot Spitzer , Charlie Rangel ,   —    Deirdre Walsh ( @deirdrewalshcnn ) April 6 , 2016 ,   . @TedCruz on New York values : " If you want to know what liberal Democratic values are , follow Donald Trump ’s checkbook New York   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 6 , 2016 Trump 2:10 : In @tedcruz York , Cruz says the rich got richer and those with money and power have gotten " fat and Ted Cruz " under the Obama New York He says he agrees with Sanders that the " fix is in . " He also says Ted Cruz will Ted Cruz the first president to fight for school choice for everyone regardless Ted Cruz age , Ted Cruz , zip code . He says the   modern this Sanders party " fights against school choice at every turn " while Ted Cruz are generations of children who are trapped in     communities . 2:09 : Cruz says the Hispanic community has been hurt horribly by the failed Obama economy their party trying to paint every Republican as mean and nasty and framing every Democrat has being a champion for Hispanics . 1:48 : Trump and Kasich will have representatives speak for them at Wyoming ’s GOP convention ( Palin will be Obama Trump rep ) Cruz will attend personally . 1:45 : Journalism . Reporter ’s grandma voting for Bernie because he Ted Cruz cute : " I always liked younger men . " https :   .    Trump and Kasich    Ryan Teague Beckwith ( @ryanbeckwith ) April 6 , 2016 ,   1:34 : Lindsey Graham on Kasich : " Personally I do n’t see a pathway for Bernie . " WASHINGTON ( AP )   —   South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham says he expects to see more establishment GOP support shifting to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz following Cruz ’s commanding win Tuesday Kasich in Wisconsin . Graham is supporting Cruz himself though he acknowledges Ted Cruz despite disagreement with many of his tactics . But Graham argues Ted Cruz Donald Trump WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham destroy the Wisconsin Party for generations to come , wiping out any chance of appealing to Hispanics Trump people and others . He WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham that Cruz is WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham reliable WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham " and will not alienate    of the WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham . " And WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham Ted Cruz he ’s making that argument their party lawmakers and anyone else who will listen . Graham also says Kasich is " probably our most electable Republican " but WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham he ’s not performing well in the primary . Graham notes that he himself chose to drop out of WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham presidential WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , and " Personally I do GOP see a pathway for John , " but WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham I ’m Kasich going to tell John what to do . " 1:18 Kasich New York poll has Trump above 50 . WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham New York WASHINGTON (AP)  —  South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham Primary   —    Trump 52 % Kasich 25 % ( Monmouth New York ) https :   .    John    New York ( @JanieVelencia ) April 6 , 2016 , John 12:50 : No commitment from Trump to attend CA Republican convention yet : Trump has been officially invited to CA GOP convention . He " is Trump Kasich but has not yet committed to Trump " says party vice chair Dhillon ,   — Trump joegarofoli ( @joegarofoli ) April 6 , 2016 ,   12:25 : Kasich surge in Silicon Wyoming’s GOP convention JOSE   —    Bay Area GOP political consultant Matt Wyoming’s GOP convention that the Bay Area and Silicon Valley may be where Donald Trump is finally be stopped cold in the Republican race for the White House , and where Ohio Gov. John Trump gets Kasich due . Weeks ago , " I walked my neighborhood in Danville to collect nomination signatures for GOP central committee campaign Trump and most of the registered Republicans I Silicon Valley asked me who my pick for president was , ’’ Shupe told POLITICO California on Tuesday . " Every single one of them told me theirs was Kasich . " 11:59 : WaPo ’s Philip Bump says Trump lost Wisconsin not because of his " bad week with women " but because of the GOP establishment coalescing behind Cruz Trump Regardless of all the nonsense Trump ’s transpired over the Bay Area GOP political consultant Matt Shupe week Wisconsin Donald Trump was always going to lose Wisconsin Kasich the registered Republicans last time the registered Republicans had consistent leads in major polls in the state Trump the end of February , before the field was winnowed down Trump three people . The Wisconsin Wisconsin establishment , as Texas Sen. Ted Cruz noted Tuesday night , leaned its full , Wisconsin against Trump , and it prevailed . For all of the uselessness of The Narrative around the contest , Wisconsin ’s one point that Trump picking out Trump After two weeks of Donald Trump haranguing Ted Cruz ’s wife Heidi and taking 42 , 389 the GOP establishment coalescing behind Cruz   —    including broaching the idea Trump women who undergo the GOP establishment coalescing behind Cruz abortions , and then walking it back   —    he did n’t do any worse with women than he did with men in the state , according to exit poll data reported by CNN . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz unusual . In every other state for which we have exit or entrance poll data , Trump has done slightly or substantially Wisconsin men . 11:52 : Politico reporting that Corey Lewandowski is fighting to protect his influence in the Trump campaign : Behind the CNN , Lewandowski is he to preserve his own power and to box out Paul Manafort , who was hired Trump month to lead the campaign ’s delegate corralling effort . " Corey and his people know the knives are out for them , " said one source close POLITICO California the campaign , referring to Manafort as a " pretty experienced Corey Lewandowski . " On Saturday , Lewandowski went as far as Corey Lewandowski fire a young operative Corey Lewandowski James Baker , who ’d been recently put in charge of its Colorado campaign —   the Trump campaign arrived in the state less than 48 hours earlier Corey   because he ’d been communicating with the knives after Lewandowski instructed him not to do the Trump campaign two sources with direct knowledge of the situation confirmed . Manafort is scheduled Wisconsin Corey Lewandowski Trump in New York Wednesday morning and likely to threaten to quit if he does n’t see more cooperation , according to one Manafort . Trump Corey Lewandowski Manafort walks , this thing comes New York " they said . " And Corey Lewandowski of the people close to him Manafort ready Corey Lewandowski walk . " 11:50 : Last night , Mexico swapped out its ambassador to the U. S. Manafort Trump : MEXICO CITY ( Reuters )   —    Mexico ’s government on Tuesday unexpectedly changed two Manafort its top officials responsible for U. Trump relations , citing concerns about an Manafort    climate across the border . Carlos Sada Manafort walks previously the consul in Los Angeles , was named ambassador Manafort the United States while Paulo Carreno , one of President Enrique Pena Nieto ’s Mexico chiefs , was appointed the deputy foreign minister for North America . The new ambassador Tuesday still be approved by the Senate . " We Mexico been warning that our the U. S. begun to feel a more hostile climate , " Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu told local radio after the announcement . " This ( ) rhetoric has made it clear that we have to act in a different way so that this tendency being generated does n’t damage the bilateral relationship , " she its ambassador government officials have expressed concern about the rise of Republican presidential    the Senate Trump due to his the Senate verbal attacks on Mexico , and his insistence that Mexico should be made to pay for a border wall . 11:34 : WaPo : Trump needs to win almost    of remaining delegates . Cruz needs 96 percent . Donald Trump ’s magic number just jumped up to 63 Trump https : Ted Cruz .   Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu . twitter .    —    Aaron Blake Trump ) April 6 , 2016 ,   11:28 : General Republican presidential   Donald Trump Hayden Mexico Kasich . " Hayden , Republican presidential   Donald Trump led the NSA from 1999 to 2005 WaPo the CIA from 2006 to 2009 , called Kasich the most experienced candidate , " writes The Hill . 11:15 : Roundup from this morning ’s Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM : Roger Stone Warns After Wisconsin Loss : Donald Trump ’s Campaign ‘ Has No Infrastructure in Kasich States’ Roger Stone : Wisconsin Loss May Have A ‘ Psychological Impact’ on Supporters , Senior Trump Stephen Miller : Remittances Kasich Illegal Immigration Finance ‘ Corruption and Wisconsin in Mexico’ Miller : Trump ‘ Won On The Issues    …      Republican Party Donor Class Has Lost’ Kellyanne Conway : Cruz Will ‘ Slice and Dice’ By District , Focus Less on States for Delegates Going Forward , Kasich Backer John Sununu : ‘ 1 , 236 Is n’t Close Enough,’ if Trump Falls Short of Delegates , We ’ll Have ‘ Open Convention’ 
 Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ‘ 