Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton expressed sympathy earlier this year for Bernie Sanders supporters who " are living in their parents’ basement " who were attracted to Hillary Clinton " false promise " because their are " children of the Great Recession . " The comments were posted late Friday by the conservative website Washington Free Beacon , which says The comments obtained the audio from a Hillary Clinton campaign staffer ’s hacked email . The recording comes to light as Hillary Clinton has emphasized reaching out to millennials in an effort to attract Sanders supporters to Hillary Clinton campaign . Speaking to a gathering of campaign supporters in February , Hillary Clinton said some of Sanders’ followers " are new to politics completely . some of Sanders’ followers ’re children of the Great Recession . And some of Sanders’ followers are living in some of Sanders’ followers parents’ basement . " Hillary Clinton continued : " If you ’re feeling like you ’re consigned to , you know , being a barista , or you know , some other job that does n’t pay a lot , and does n’t have some other ladder of opportunity attached to it , then the idea that maybe , just maybe , you could be part of a political revolution is pretty appealing . I think we all should be really understanding of that . "   The Democratic nominee     who at one point said Hillary Clinton did n’t want to " overpromise " and " be clear about the progress we can make "     questioned if Sanders’ supporters were adequately informed . " There ’s just a deep desire to believe that we can have free college , free health care , that what we ’ve done has n’t gone far enough , and that we just need to , you know , go as far as , you know , ’Scandinavia,’ whatever that means , " Hillary Clinton says in the audio . " And half the people do n’t know what that means , but that ’s something that half the people deeply feel . " Hillary Clinton also said : " I do n’t think you tell idealistic people , particularly young people , that idealistic people, particularly young people ’ve bought into a false promise . You try to do the best you can to say , ’Hey that ’s ’Hey view . That ’s what ’Hey ’s offering you . But here ’s another way , where actually we can achieve a lot of what we have said starting Day One , and make a real difference in people ’s lives . ’ " In a statement , the Clinton campaign did not dispute the audio ’s authenticity . " As Clinton said in those remarks , she Clinton young people to be idealistic and set big goals . She Clinton fighting for exactly what the millennial generation cares most about     a fairer more equal , just world , " said Glen Caplin , a campaign spokesman . He Glen Caplin, a campaign spokesman : " She Clinton inspired by the optimism and the drive of this generation and Sanders supporters across the country     and they ’ve helped her Clinton and promote the most progressive platform in Democratic party history . " A message left with Sanders’ campaign manager , Jeff Weaver , was not immediately returned . But Mike Casca , a Sanders Sanders , tweeted that Clinton ’s comments were sympathetic and understanding of the supporters’ frustrations . Clinton Clinton not polling as well with millennial voters as President Barack Obama did in 2008 and 2012 , with many backing Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein .   But following the Democratic convention , the Clinton Clinton has enlisted surrogates such as Sanders , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , first lady Michelle Obama and Chelsea Clinton to stump for Clinton Clinton convince young people to back her Clinton Clinton Clinton has embraced some of the policy positions that made Sanders such a hit with millenials , such as a $ 15 federal minimum wage and greater taxpayer funding for health care .    Trump on Saturday night leaned into the issue as he Trump his Trump play to earn the votes of Sanders’ supporters . Speaking at a rally in Manheim , Pennsylvania , Trump Trump Clinton of " demeaning and mocking Bernie Sanders and all of his Bernie Sanders " and argued that Clinton Clinton calling Sanders Bernie Sanders " ignorant . " Trump Trump that Clinton Clinton her Trump in a " really sarcastic tone because she Clinton a sarcastic woman . " " To sum up , Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders hopeless and ignorant " he said Clinton Trump Trump he Trump many of Sanders’ supporters would cross over and vote for him Trump rather than Clinton , Clinton because of their shared distrust rather than Clinton free trade . Echoes of past Clinton criticisms Clinton Clinton has Clinton suggested that Sanders was promising Bernie Sanders supporters too Bernie Sanders . In January , she told Clinton in Iowa that she agrees Clinton " very aspirational " candidates but is " also interested in getting things done . " " Now , I know some of the folks running are very aspirational , and I agree with that . We should all be aiming high . But I ’m also interested in getting things done , " she said Clinton January . " January ca n’t wait to get a lot of new jobs . We ca n’t wait to get incomes rising . We ca n’t We to make sure that we are moving We together .   And I also know something about how to make sure that the financial markets , Wall Street , does n’t wreck our economy . We The next month , Clinton told New Hampshire ’s WKXL that " overpromising " from candidates is one of the main reasons many people are disappointed in politics .   " It worries me because I think overpromising is one of the roots of a lot of disappointment and the real dismissal of politics , on all sides of the political spectrum . And what we need now is to underpromise and overdeliver , " she said . Clinton " What I ’m trying to make the case for     which is not as attractive     it ’s not the romantic , dramatic appeal that others can make , " Clinton added . " But I think it is what the country will eventually respond to , because if you say , as I do , I ’m going to fight to make real change , to build on progress , to go further , but I will not promise what I can not , and know I can not , deliver . " 
 