Sunday on CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " in commenting on the State Department inspector general ’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during Hillary Clinton tenure as secretary of state , The Atlantic ’s national correspondent Jeffrey Goldberg said , " the whole Democratic establishment sort of feels like the whole Democratic establishment sort of ’s on a Bataan Death March to the nomination . "   Partial transcript as follows : DICKERSON : Well , we ’ll   —    we ’ll get to Donald Trump and some of the exciting things that Donald Trump said . But , The Atlantic’s national correspondent Jeffrey Goldberg , let me ask you about this . we ’ve been talking about the past and what this report says about the way Hillary Clinton behaved in the past . But I was talking to Democrats who have her Hillary Clinton so much at heart they her interests on her Hillary Clinton and they her interests pulling their her interests out at how badly this was handled . In response to this , that   —    that when   —    when this    story first came out , somebody from her Hillary Clinton said , well , she Hillary Clinton behaved in the spirit and letter of the law . That is both not true . But in this week in response to this , the people I ’ve talked to have been shocked at how poorly it this been handled . GOLDBERG : Yes , I mean the whole Democratic establishment   —    to borrow a term from Bernie Sanders   —    the whole Democratic establishment sort of feels like it the whole Democratic establishment sort of on a Bataan Death March to the nomination . Obviously because of Bernie , because of a lot of other things . But   —    but this is just   —    made them   —    made them them to themselves them they them n’t have this in hand . They them n’t   —    and   —    and the issue   —    I was talking to someone this week who said that the issue is that they them n’t understand how they them perceived . To go back to this point that Ron and Peggy were making , they Ron and Peggy —    they Ron and Peggy n’t understand how it ’s being interpreted . Nobody inside is telling them Ron and Peggy guys , she has a credibility problem , she she an honesty problem . You have to grab this by the horns or else this summer is going to be very , very long , and possibly to use your word , devastating summer for her she So there ’s still a kind of discord or a dissidence between what the establishment is thinking about this handling and   —    and the way they ’re doing it . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 