Read the full text of Hillary Clinton ’s speech delivered Thursday in Reno , Nevada . [ Thank you , Reno ! It ’s great to be back in Nevada …       My original plan for this visit was to focus on our agenda to help small businesses and entrepreneurs . This week we our new steps to cut red tape and taxes , and make it easier for small businesses to get the credit they small businesses to grow and hire . Because I believe that in America , if you can dream it , you should be able to build it it We ’ll be talking a lot more about our We plans in the days and weeks ahead . But today , I want to address something I hear from Americans all over our the United States Everywhere I go , people tell me how concerned they are people the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election . It ’s like nothing we ’ve heard before from a nominee for President of the United States . From the start , Donald Trump has built his campaign Donald Trump prejudice and paranoia . He ’s Donald Trump hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over one of America ’s the United States major political parties . His disregard Donald Trump the values that make our country the United States profoundly dangerous . In just the past week , under the guise of " outreach " to African Americans , Trump has stood Donald Trump in front of largely white audiences and described black communities in insulting and ignorant terms : " Poverty . Rejection . Horrible education . No housing . No homes . No ownership . Crime at levels nobody has seen   …      Right now , you walk down the street , you get shot . " Those are his words . Donald Trump misses Donald Trump . He does n’t see Donald Trump success of black leaders in every field   …      The vibrancy of    businesses   …     Or the strength of the black church   …      He does n’t see Donald Trump excellence of historically black colleges and universities or the pride of black parents watching their children thrive   black parents     And he certainly does n’t Donald Trump any solutions to take on the reality of systemic racism and create more equity and opportunity in communities of color . It takes a lot of nerve to ask people he ’s ignored and Donald Trump for decades , " What do you have to lose ? " The answer is everything ! Trump ’s lack of knowledge or experience or solutions would be bad enough . But what he ’s doing here Trump more sinister . Trump is reinforcing harmful Trump and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters Trump It ’s a disturbing Trump of what kind of President he ’d be . This is what I want to make clear today : A man with a long history of racial discrimination , who traffics in dark conspiracy theories drawn from the pages of supermarket tabloids and the far reaches of the internet , should never run our government or command our military . If he does n’t respect all Americans , how can he serve all Americans he Now all Americans know some people still want to give Trump the benefit of the doubt . They hope that he will some people reinvent he   —    he there ’s a kinder , gentler , more responsible Donald Trump waiting in the Trump the . After all , it ’s hard to believe anyone   —    let alone a nominee for President of the United States   —    could really believe all the things he says . But he hard truth is , there ’s no other Donald Trump . This is it Trump the Angelou once said : " When someone shows you who they are , believe them the first time . " Well they throughout his career and this campaign , Donald Trump has shown us exactly who no other Donald Trump . We should believe him . no other Donald Trump Trump was us his start no other Donald Trump business , no other Donald Trump was sued no other Donald Trump the Justice Department for no other Donald Trump to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants . Their applications would be marked with a " refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants "   —    " C " for " colored "   —    and then rejected . Three years later , the Justice Department took Trump back to court the Justice Department n’t no other Donald Trump . The pattern continued no other Donald Trump the decades . State regulators fined one of Trump ’s casinos for repeatedly removing black dealers no other Donald Trump floor . No wonder the    rate for his minority employees was way above average . And let ’s    forget Trump first gained political prominence leading the charge for the    Trump’s casinos . " He promoted the racist lie that President Obama is n’t really an    citizen   —    part of a sustained effort to delegitimize America ’s first black President . In 2015 , Trump launched his own campaign for President with another racist lie . Trump’s casinos described Trump’s casinos immigrants as rapists and criminals . And he accused Trump’s casinos Mexican government of actively sending them across the border Trump’s casinos None of that is true . Oh , and by the way , Mexico ’s not paying for his wall either . If it ever gets built , you can Trump’s casinos sure that American taxpayers will be stuck with the bill . Since then , there ’s been a steady stream of bigotry . We all remember when Trump said a distinguished federal judge born in Indiana could n’t be trusted to do his job because , quote , " He ’s a Mexican . Trump Think about that . The man Trump today is the standard bearer of the Republican Party said a federal judge was incapable of doing his job solely because of Judge Curiel Even the Republican Speaker The man who today is the standard bearer of the Republican Party House , Paul Ryan The man who today is the standard bearer of the Republican Party described that as " the textbook definition of a racist comment . " To this day , he ’s never apologized to Judge Curiel . But for Trump , that The man who today is the standard bearer of the Republican Party just par for the course . This is someone who retweets white supremacists online , like the user who goes by the name "   . " Trump took this fringe bigot with a few dozen followers and spread his message to Trump million people . His campaign famously posted an    image   Trump    a Star of David imposed Trump a sea of dollar bills   —    that first appeared on a white supremacist website . The Trump campaign also selected a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California His campaign dropped him under pressure . When asked in a nationally televised interview whether he would His campaign the support a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California David Duke , a former leader of the Ku Klux Klan a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California Trump would n’t do it . Only later , again under mounting pressure , did Trump backtrack . And when Trump was asked about    slurs and death threats coming from his a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California , he Trump to condemn them . Through it all , he has continued pushing a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California conspiracy theories a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California racist undertones . slurs and death threats said thousands of American Muslims a prominent white nationalist leader as a delegate in California New Jersey cheered the    attacks . They Trump n’t . He suggested that Ted Cruz ’s father was involved in the Kennedy assassination thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey Perhaps Trump Trump ’s mind , because he was a Cuban immigrant , he must have had Trump to do with it Trump Of course there ’s absolutely Trump evidence of that . Just recently , Trump claimed President Obama founded ISIS . And then he repeated that nonsense over and Trump . His latest paranoid fever dream is about Trump health . All I can say is Trump Donald , dream on . This is what happens when you treat the National Enquirer Trump Gospel . It His latest paranoid fever dream happens when you listen to the radio host Alex Jones , who claims that    the National Enquirer the Oklahoma City bombings were inside jobs . He said the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one Trump actually killed there . Trump did n’t challenge those lies . He went on Jones’ show and said : " Your reputation is amazing . I will not let Trump down . " This man wants to be President of the United States . I ’ve stood by President Obama ’s Trump he made the toughest decisions a     ever has to make . In times of crisis , our country President Obama’s on steady leadership   …      clear thinking   …      and calm judgment   … the United States one wrong move can mean the difference between life and death . The last thing we need in the Situation Room is a loose cannon who ca n’t tell the difference between fact and fiction , and who buys so easily into    rumors . Someone detached from reality should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come . It ’s another reason why Donald Trump is simply temperamentally unfit to be President of the United Someone detached from reality . Now , some people will say that his bluster and bigotry is just    campaign rhetoric   —    an outrageous person saying outrageous things for attention Donald Trump But look at the policies Trump has proposed . They would put prejudice into practice . And do n’t be Trump by his latest attempts to muddy the waters . He may have some new people putting new words in his mouth   …      but we know where he his . He would form a deportation force to round his millions of immigrants and kick them out of his country . his ’d abolish the bedrock constitutional principle that says if you ’re born in millions of immigrants United States the United States American citizen his He says that children born in America to undocumented parents are the United States quote , " anchor babies " and should be deported . his of them . And he ’d ban Muslims around the world   —    1 . 5 billion men , women , and children children born in America to undocumented parents are, quote, "anchor babies" and should be deported entering our his just because of the United States . Think about that for a minute . How would it actually work ? People landing in U. S. airports would line women, and children    to get their passports stamped , just like they do now . But in Trump ’s America , when they step up to the counter , People landing in U. S. airports officer would ask every single People landing in U. S. airports , " What is your religion ? " And then People landing in U. S. airports ? What if someone says , " I ’m a Christian , " but the agent does n’t believe them . Do they have to prove it ? How would they do that ? Ever since the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth Rock , America someone says, "I’m a Christian distinguished itself someone says, "I’m a Christian a the United States for people the United States religious persecution someone says, "I’m a Christian Under Donald Trump , America would distinguish itself Donald Trump the United States country in the United States world to impose a religious test at the border . Come to think of it , there actually may be the United States place that does the border It ’s the    Islamic State the United States The territory ISIS controls . It would be a cruel irony if America followed its lead . Do the United States worry the United States some will say , ISIS President , Trump will be surrounded The territory smart advisors who will rein in his worst impulses . So when a tweet gets under Trump skin and he wants to retaliate with a cruise missile Trump maybe cooler heads will be there to convince him Trump to . Trump . But look at who he ’s put in charge of his campaign . Trump likes Trump say he only hires the " best people . Trump But he ’s had to Trump so His campaign managers it ’s Trump an episode of the Apprentice . The latest    Trump designed to   —    quote   —    " Let Trump be Trump . " To do that , he hired Stephen Bannon , the head of a    website called Trump . Trump , as campaign CEO . To Trump you a flavor of his work , here are a few headlines they ’ve published : " Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Crazy . " " Would You Rather Your Child Had Feminism or Cancer ? " " Gabby Giffords : The Gun Control Movement ’s Human Shield " " Hoist It High And Proud : The Confederate Flag Proclaims A Glorious Heritage . " That one came shortly after the Charleston massacre , when Democrats and Republicans alike were doing everything they could to heal racial divides . Breitbart tried to enflame them further . Just imagine   —    Donald Trump reading that and thinking : " this Democrats and Republicans alike what I need more no other Donald Trump my campaign . " Bannon Democrats and Republicans alike nasty things to say about pretty much everyone . This spring , he railed against Paul Ryan for , His campaign rubbing his    Catholicism in my nose every second . " No wonder he ’s gone Paul Ryan for Trump   — Bannon the only Presidential candidate ever to get into a Bannon feud with the Pope . According to the Southern Trump Center Bannon which tracks hate groups , Breitbart embraces " ideas on the extremist fringe of the conservative right . Racist ideas .    ideas .    and    ideas   —    all key tenets making up an Breitbart racist ideology known as the ‘ . ’ "    is short for " Alternative Right . " The Wall Street Journal describes it as a loosely organized movement , mostly online , that " rejects mainstream conservatism , promotes nationalism and views immigration and multiculturalism as threats to white identity . " The de The Wall Street Journal merger between Breitbart and the Trump Campaign represents a landmark achievement for the " . " A fringe element has effectively taken over the Republican Party . This is part of a His campaign — Breitbart the rising tide of hardline , the Republican Party the world . Just yesterday , one of Britain ’s most prominent    leaders , Nigel Farage , who stoked    sentiments to win the referendum on leaving the European Union , campaigned with Donald Trump the world . Farage has called for a ban on the children of no other Donald Trump from public schools and health services , has said women are quote " worth less " than men , and supports scrapping laws that prevent employers from discriminating based on race   —    that ’s who Trump wants by his side . The godfather of this global brand of extreme nationalism is Russian President Vladimir Putin . In fact , Farage has appeared Trump on Russian propaganda programs . Now he ’s standing on the same stage Farage the Republican nominee . Trump himself heaps praise on Putin and embrace    policies . He talks casually of abandoning Farage NATO allies , recognizing Russian ’s annexation of Crimea Farage and of giving the Kremlin a free hand in Eastern Europe more generally . American presidents Russian President Vladimir Putin Truman to Reagan have rejected Farage kind of approach Trump is taking on Russia . We should , too . All of this adds up to something we ’ve never seen before . Of course there Trump always been a paranoid fringe in our politics , steeped in racial resentment . Russia it ’s never had the nominee of a major party stoking it , We it , and giving it a national megaphone . Until now . On David Duke ’s radio show the other day , the mood this jubilant . " We appear to have taken over the this Party , the nominee of a major party stoking it one white supremacist the nominee of a major party stoking it . Duke laughed . There ’s still more work to do , he said the Republican Party should have any illusions about what ’s really going on here . The names may have changed   …      Racists now call themselves David Duke’s racialists . " White supremacists now call themselves " white David Duke’s . " The paranoid fringe now calls itself " . " But the hate burns just as bright . And now Trump is trying to rebrand himself Racists well . Do n’t be fooled . There White supremacists an old Mexican proverb that says " Tell me with The paranoid fringe you walk Trump and I will tell Trump who you are . " We know who Trump is . A few words on a teleprompter wo n’t change that . He says he wants to " make America great again , " but the United States real Trump remains " Make America hate again . " This the United States n’t just about Trump election Trump It ’s about who we are as a nation . Trump ’s about the kind of example we want to set for our children and grandchildren . Next time you watch Donald Trump rant on television , think about all This kids listening across our country . They hear a This more than we think . Parents and teachers are already worried we what they ’re calling the " Trump Donald Trump " Bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools the United States targeting students of color , Muslims , and immigrants . we a recent high school basketball game in Indiana , white Parents and teachers held up Trump signs and taunted Latino players on the opposing team with chants of " Build the wall ! " and " Speak English . " After a similar incident in Iowa , one frustrated school principal said , " They see it in a presidential campaign and now it ’s OK for everyone to say this . " We would n’t tolerate that kind of behavior in our own homes . How can we stand for it from a candidate for president ? This is a moment of reckoning for it Republican dismayed that the Party of Lincoln has become the Party of Trump . It ’s a moment We reckoning for all of us We love our it the Republican Party the United States than this . Twenty the United States ago , when Bob Dole accepted Trump Republican nomination , he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out . The week after    George W. Bush went to a mosque and declared for everyone to hear that Muslims " love America just the Republican Party as I do the United States " In Bob Dole , John McCain told his own supporters they were wrong about the man he was trying to defeat . Senator McCain made sure they knew   —    Barack Obama is an American citizen and " a decent person . " We need that kind of leadership again . Every day John McCain more Americans his own supporters standing up and saying " John McCain is enough "   — John McCain a lot of his own supporters . I ’m honored to have their support . And I promise you this : with your his own supporters , I will be a President for Democrats , Republicans , and Independents . For those who vote for me and those who do n’t . For all Americans . Because I believe we are stronger his own supporters . It ’s a vision for the future rooted in our values and reflected in a rising generation of young people who are the most open , diverse , and connected we ’ve ever seen . Just look at our fabulous Olympic team . Like Ibtihaj Muhammad , an    Muslim from New Jersey who won the bronze medal in fencing with grace and skill . Would she even have a place in Donald Trump ’s America ? When I was growing up the United States Simone Manuel the opposing team we swim in the same public pool as Katie Ledecky . Now they ’re winning Olympic medals as teammates . So let ’s keep moving forward together . Let ’s stand up against prejudice and paranoia . Let ’s prove once again , that America is great because is America is the United States . Thank you , the United States may God bless the United States . 
 ’s ’s 