U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has been found dead at a luxury resort in west Texas , news outlets are reporting . U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia apparently died of natural causes in his U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia after a day of quail hunting at Cibolo Creek Ranch near Marfa , Texas Texas [ Scalia , 79 , arrived at the Cibolo Creek Ranch near Marfa, Texas a hunting trip on Friday and attended a private party with about 40 people , the San Antonio Express News reported . Scalia U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia not show up for a scheduled breakfast . Staff members of the resort went to find the justice and instead found his U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia .   U. S. District Judge Fred Biery told the San Antonio newspaper he was U. S. District Judge Fred Biery those notified about Scalia U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia death . " I was told it was this morning , " Biery said U. S. District Judge Fred Biery Scalia U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia Scalia’s death happened on a ranch out near Marfa . As far as the details , I think it ’s pretty vague right It as to how , " he U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia the   . " My reaction is it ’s really unfortunate with It death . And now , politically , in the presidential cycle we ’re in my educated guess is nothing will happen before the next president is elected . "   Justice U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia appointed to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan in September 1986 . He was U. S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia to be one of the most conservative constitutionalists on the court by many . Governor the Supreme Court responded to the death of the Supreme Court justice in a written statement the Supreme Court Breitbart Texas : " Justice Antonin Scalia was a man of God , a patriot , and an unwavering defender of the written Constitution and the Rule of Law . He was the solid rock who turned away Governor Greg Abbott many attempts to depart from and distort the Constitution . His fierce loyalty to the Constitution set an Governor Greg Abbott example , not the Constitution judges and lawyers , but for all Americans . We mourn his passing , and we pray that his Governor Greg Abbott on the Supreme Court We take Governor Greg Abbott place as a champion for the written Constitution his successor on the Supreme Court the Rule of Law . Cecilia and I extend our deepest condolences to his family , and we We keep them in Justice Scalia thoughts and prayers We " Justice his family was We as a guest at the Cibolo Creek Ranch in the Big Bend region of Texas just south of the town of Marfa . In an article published by the University of Virginia School of Law , Scalia wrote that originalism is the best methodology for Justice Scalia the law . " My burden is not to show that originalism is perfect , but that it beats the other alternatives , and that , My burden me , is not difficult , " Scalia said . An investigation into the death of Justice Scalia Scalia is being conducted by the U. S. Justice Scalia , the sheriff ’s office in Presidio County , Texas and the FBI . It appears there was no foul play apparent . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus tweeted that " Justice Scalia was a wise   strong proponent for the Justice Scalia American values . " Justice Scalia was a wise voice   strong proponent for the Justice Scalia American values ,   —    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) February 13 , 2016 ,   U. S. Senator and GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz tweeted , " Justice Scalia was an American hero . We owe it to him Justice Scalia the Nation , for the Senate to ensure that the Justice Scalia President names his replacement . " Justice Scalia was an American hero . We owe the next President to him , Justice Scalia Nation , for the Senate to We that it next Justice Scalia names his the Nation   —    the Senate ( @tedcruz ) February the next President ,   The the next President GOP presidential front runner , Donald Trump tweeted , " The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY ! " The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia ( @realDonaldTrump ) February Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia task to replace Scalia on the nation ’s highest the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY Barack Obama . That appointment could drastically change the balance of power on the U. S. Supreme Court . The appointment must be approved by the U. the U. S. Supreme Court has been updated .  
 President Barack Obama President Barack Obama 