LeBron James’ transition from owner of one of the best stories in sports history to becoming one of the most thoroughly unlikeable celebrities in America is nearly complete . [ As Sports Illustrated ’s " Sportsperson of the Year , " James capitalized on James cover photo and attached a safety pin to James coat to make a political statement against Donald Trump . a safety pin signifies solidarity and support for women , minorities , and immigrants .    James campaigned with Hillary Clinton , and recently refused to stay at one of Donald Trump Donald Trump the Cavaliers came to New York to play the Knicks . James accepted the award while paying the Cavaliers black athletes of the past , and their stands on racial justice paying tribute to black athletes of the past James said , " This award is for the the Cavaliers Ali , for Bill Russell , for Jim Brown , for Kareem   . They sacrificed everything that could ’ve Bill Russell, for Jim Brown, for Kareem   to them . [ They ] could Bill Russell, for Jim Brown, for Kareem   been stripped Bill Russell, for Jim Brown, for Kareem   everything that they had accomplished to that point Bill Russell, for Jim Brown, for Kareem   But their calling and their reasoning for Bill Russell, for Jim Brown, for Kareem   what they Bill Russell, for Jim Brown, for Kareem   to do was for Bill Russell, for Jim Brown, for Kareem   night like tonight . " That in 2016 in Brooklyn , New York , we all can sit up here as    white Americans   …      that we all can sit in one room and just say , " wow , this is an unbelievable night in not only sports , but in life . " It ’s never about the individual , it ’s always about the people It him . " While borderline narcissistic in claiming that he represents the culmination of the him justice movement , James cloaking himself in the racial justice warrior James of the past is no accident . James has fully embraced the modern James justice ethos : James and his teammates took a James with James hoodies on in tribute to James and his teammates Martin , wore an " I Ca n’t Breathe "    in solidarity with Eric Garner , and took the stage at the ESPYS to speak out against police violence . In many ways , LeBron has fully embraced becoming the    Jordan . Jordan , the player whom LeBron the   Jordan most often compared to LeBron was viciously criticized for not using his celebrity for political activism . LeBron , who has openly stated his goal is to chase Jordan LeBron " ghost , " the   Jordan    his own activist history by participating LeBron the political activism that Jordan shunned . How much of the   Jordan ’s political activism stems from LeBron he believes , and how much LeBron the result of his attempts to " right Jordan LeBron wrongs , " no the   Jordan knows . All we do know is that LeBron will somehow make minorities safe LeBron wearing a giant safety pin . That should make everything better . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 