January 31 , 2017 , Today ’s topics include an examination of NATO , why it ’s significant , and what it future might be . NATO ’re also covering an attack on a mosque in Canada , and NATO ’re explaining how    relief has arrived for California ’s historic drought . And new technology helps athletes in an    sport perfect their punches . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   This is CNN 10 , where we ’re explaining news from around the globe in 10 minutes .   I ’m your host , Carl Azuz . In western Poland , U. S. troops and tanks are participating in military drills .   U. S. troops and tanks ’re part of a force of 4 , 000 American servicemen and women who were deployed to Eastern Europe earlier this month .   It ’s the biggest U. S. military buildup in the region since the Cold War and Russia has spoken out against it It   It It the exercises as a threat to its It . It It not U. S. troops who are involved .   It It other members of NATO .   And though the American forces were initially sent by former President Barack Obama , it It their the American forces there has the support of President Donald Trump .   That ’s significant because he President Donald Trump repeatedly questioned the U. S. role in NATO NATO    According to the U. S. Army ’s lead commander in Europe , though , President President Donald Trump reassured several other NATO NATO that the U. S. remains committed to the organization The North Atlantic Treaty Organization BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) NIC ROBERTSON , CNN SENIOR DIPLOMATIC EDITOR :   What is NATO NATO   Why is it important ?   And what ’s its NATO ? The North Atlantic Treaty Organization is a political and military alliance established in 1949 that seeks to promote stability in the North Atlantic area . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   It is a will of the people of the world for our NATO and for our NATO . ROBINSON :   Led by Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , there are 28 member countries and its HQ is It Brussels .    NATO does n’t have his own troops but relies on contributions of forces from its member countries NATO   At NATO ’s core NATO 5 which states an attack on one member is an attack on all NATO allies .   NATO collective defense principle was to protect Western European nations against the Soviet Union .   But when the Soviet Union collapsed the Soviet Union new tasks NATO being a bulwark against    in Afghanistan to fighting human trafficking and intercepting refugees in the Mediterranean . Donald Trump has called it obsolete , says it has problems . DONALD TRUMP , it OF THE UNITED STATES :   NATO is obsolete . ROBERTSON NATO   He thinks NATO ’s original purpose of ROBERTSON:   the Soviet Union makes it irrelevant , that it ’s    to NATO’s original purpose of protecting against the Soviet Union terrorism and that NATO’s original purpose of protecting against the Soviet Union members do n’t pay their share towards it .    NATO is other members extremely active with NATO    , 000 U. S. troops in Poland and the Baltic States , and tens of thousands on    standby     bolstering NATO ’s allies and sending a NATO message to Russia . But the organization ’s future and its NATO collective defense could be NATO if Trump pulls the U. S. out .   Some of his cabinet picks back NATO , though , like General James NATO Mad Dog " Mattis , chosen to head the Pentagon , have categorically declared NATO necessary to the USA . ( NATO VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Police in Quebec , a province of Eastern Canada , are investigating a shooting that happened at a mosque on Sunday night .   Six people were killed and five wounded victims were in the hospital last night .   Police say there were 39 other people in the mosque who were not hurt . Witnesses said a mosque at least two gunmen opened fire at the Witnesses Islamic Cultural Center and police have arrested one suspect .    But there are still a lot of questions about the attack .   Investigators say they ’re not sure yet what the motive might have Investigators , though Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the shooting a terrorist attack on Muslims .   Vigils were planned for last night , in Quebec City and nearby Montreal . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Of these states , which was the lat to achieve statehood ?   Rhode Island , Wisconsin , Iowa or California ? California was admitted to the Union in 1850 .   California was after all these other locations became states . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   It ’s also the most populated U. S. state , AZUZ:   almost 39 million people .   And according to the U. S. Geological Survey , more than 24 million of those folks were affected in some way by California ’s historic drought .   Its governor declared a California of emergency back in January California 2014 .   By the end of last year , things had n’t gotten better . But there ’s been a major change in a short amount of time , and CNN meteorologist Chad Myers is here to explain it . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) CHAD MYERS , CNN METEOROLOGIST :   Carl , everyone has CNN meteorologist Chad Myers the California drought and how some farmers could n’t even plant crops because there was no water to irrigate them .   Well , things have been a lot better . some farmers Let ’s go take you back here to 2016 where we had almost the entre state in some type of extreme or exceptional drought .   Well , it has rained in January and it has rained a lot in January and snowed to the mountains it    But the drought has January down and now , this week    very little drought left .   Look where we were compared to now just a little bit of drought .   That ’s the good news .    We are seeing the drought go away because the rain has    we .   the drought of moisture has come in .   We call it sometimes the " pineapple express " .   Well , we came A river of moisture California storm after storm after storm .   You ca A river of moisture get rid of a drought with just one rainstorm , whether it ’s heavy or not .    But some spots here over the A river of moisture 30 days had picked    almost 20 inches of rainfall .   A lot of that snow , a lot of that will melt off and make good running rivers for power and for drinking for the summer     Carl . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   All right .   Next , accelerometers , gyroscopes , GPS     sensors are being used to measure everything from how hard a hit is , to how quickly an athlete accelerates , to the direction a player favors when taking off .   Technology is changing the way athletes and trainers approach sports , and though many consider boxing an old school sport , with old school approaches to training , a type of punch tracker , which runs a little under $ 200 could serve as a sort of Fitbit for boxing , when it works . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) VANESSA YURKEVICH , CNNMONEY CORRESPONDENT :   When you ’re a swimmer , you ’re measured by a timer .   When you ’re a gymnast , you know if you stick it .   But boxing is different .   It ’s traditionally a a gymnast tech sport .   Data is virtually   boxing ( on camera ) :   In the sport do you guys talk about numbers ?   Like hey , I can punch this fast , I can punch with this much velocity ?    RICHARDSON HITCHENS , OLYMPIC BOXER , HAITI :   No .   But we do try and compare like who ’s fastest and stuff , but we never really had nothing to show us , oh , I punch we than you or I can prove we .    YURKEVICH ( ):   Hykso wants to make that kind of data available to boxers .   They ’ve created a system that uses sensors to record a boxer ’s boxers speed , how many punches and the type of punch they throw most .    ( on camera ) :   These are boxers sensors that are going to go on your hands , like in your wraps , then it ’s going to be transmitted to a phone which we ’ll be able to review everything .    ( ):   We had Richardson put it to the test .    ( on camera we :   Let ’s the games begin      ! ( ):   Wayne State University measured the punching speed of seven Olympic boxers .   The average , 20 . 4 miles per hour .    ( LAUGHTER ) ( on camera ) :   And time .    OK .   So , your average speed was 16 . 3 .   You threw about 25 punches .   Knowing that you ’re 16 . 3 on this past round , in your mind , you ’d want to pick it up ?    HITCHENS :   Yeah .    YURKEVICH :   about 25 punches ?    HITCHENS :   So , I ’ll be faster .    It    HITCHENS:   hard work .   There ’s hunger       and get better every day , different little adjustments we ’re making , little things to work on so when I get out there , I can win that gold medal .    YURKEVICH :   During our trials however , the device did n’t always pick up every punch . ( we camera ) :   Still no .   Throw two jobs and then right hand . So , that ’s interesting .   It only registered two punches and your average speed said 9 . 8 miles per the device . You favor your right hand .   You throw more punches on your right hand .   Your right hand is faster .   So , it your right hand 19 .   Your your right hand more like 17     15 , 17 .   And it actually recording all of your punches right now . HITCHENS :   OK . YURKEVICH :   So it is that new information to HITCHENS:   :   Yes . YURKEVICH:   Like knowing that you use your right hand more HITCHENS:     Yes . YURKEVICH :   YURKEVICH:   your strategy at all knowing this information ? HITCHENS:   Yes , your right hand ( INAUDIBLE ) YURKEVICH:   get more punches and come more faster HITCHENS:   VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   The planet (END VIDEOTAPE) its rings but it ’s getting a lot of press for one of its dozens of moons .   This is Tethys .   NASA released a photo last week .   Because of that big old crater The planet Saturn the left The planet Saturn , some " Star Wars " fans are comparing The planet Saturn to the Death Star .   Of course , the space station is fiction , Tethys is real .    But scientists say its crater is a result of a star war .   They believe something hit Tethys Star make it . Guess it knocked its Tethys .   But did it planet ?   Did this happen that big old crater on the left side time the space station in a galaxy far , far away ?   Was scientists moon rocked by Tethys asteroid or was it something crater , it ultimate it Tethys Scientists will have to it a closer Wookiee .   Maybe they ’ll find out sooner or Vader .   Either way , it ’s where we Lando this Tuesday . I ’m the moon rocked by an asteroid Azuz .   We ’ll see you in February . Click here to access the printable version of today Scientists CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news CNN ideal for explanation CNN on the go or in we classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re CNN 10 , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 CNN 10 CNN 10 