A    poll published Monday afternoon reveals that Ohio Governor John Kasich has jumped over establishment rival Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) with just one day before the New Hampshire Republican Primary . [ In explaining Ohio Governor John Kasich appeal to voters in a Monday town hall , Ohio Governor John Kasich told a Democratic primary voter :   " We got ta get hope back in the country again . Hillary is too brittle , and Bernie is way out here on the extreme . I ’m the right porridge . One of the right porridge is too hot , the other is too cold , but I got the right temperature . "    The Gravis Marketing poll seems to indicate that a large swath of voters agree Ohio Governor John Kasich Ohio Governor John Kasich the " right porridge . " He Ohio Governor John Kasich now in second place in the The Gravis Marketing poll trailing frontrunner Donald Trump ’s 28 percent with 17 percent support among likely voters . He Ohio Governor John Kasich followed by Rubio with 15 percent , Jeb Bush with 14 percent , and Ted Cruz , who grabbed 11 percent from the likely voters surveyed . Though Gov. Chris Christie was commended for his strong Gov. Chris Christie in the ABC News Republican debate on Saturday night , the polling does not indicate that the citizens of New Hampshire have gotten behind the New Jersey Governor . He retains the citizens of New Hampshire have gotten behind the New Jersey Governor 6 percent support among likely voters , with Carly Fiorina and Ben Carson trailing , accumulating 5 and 3 percent respectively . Other polls continue to indicate that the race for second in New Hampshire New Hampshire open , with Rubio , Cruz , Kasich , and Bush consistently polling in the    in The Granite State . Gov. Kasich has indicated that he would go Gov. Kasich home to Ohio " if he finished poorly Gov. Kasich New Hampshire . New Hampshire I get smoked here I ’m going home to Ohio   …     Ohio I really want to go on , and it ’s going to depend on this state how I The Granite State " he told supporters in New Gov. Kasich last week New Hampshire Our campaign will take a look at how we do on the 10th of Our and then we ’ll make a decision . Our expect to finish high . Our ’ve said all along , if we get smoked up there , Our know , I ’m going back to Ohio . We do n’t think Ohio   ’s Our to happen . " 
 