’   ’ ’    The lead Donald Trump gained over Hillary Clinton after the    terror attack in Orlando was erased in a new poll that puts the    presumptive Democratic presidential nominee ahead by 13 . 3 points . ’ ’    The    poll released Friday showed that 46 . 6 % of    likely American voters supported Hillary Clinton while 33 . 3 % supported    Trump , the likely Republican nominee . ’ ’    Another 20 . 1 % said Another 20. 1% would support neither candidate . The poll    was conducted this week . ’ "    Trump closed some of the gap between Trump and Hillary Clinton after the    Orlando attack earlier this month , cutting Hillary Clinton lead to 9    points . " "    Trump Trump image as a strong leader who will fight terrorism ( he Trump renewed his Trump for a ban on Muslims entering the US , which he Trump says will help prevent future attacks ) apparently resonated with       after a gunman entered a gay nightclub in Orlando and    killed 49 people on June 12 . The a gunman allegiance to the    terror group ISIS during the attack . " ’’ ’    But Trump seems to have lost his    Trump his    campaign Trump    a turbulent week . ’ "    He   Corey Trump , who had earned a    reputation as a hothead with little experience on the national    political stage . He was then He  Corey Lewandowski, who had earned a   reputation as a hothead with little experience on the national   political stage by reports of   that paled in comparison to    Clinton ’s . " "    In     Trump ’s campaign ramped up its    operation     out    its first fundraising       and professionalized some of the    brash billionaire ’s tweets . " ’    Meanwhile , Republican leaders , including House of Representatives    Speaker Paul Ryan and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker , continued    to express reservations about their new    who Republican leaders, including House of Representatives   Speaker Paul Ryan and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker    angered some in    party with his fiery rhetoric . their new   who has    ’    Ryan and Walker both said over the past week that they felt    Republicans Ryan and Walker both follow    " conscience " Republicans deciding to    support the party’    likely nominee , instead of urging party    members to the party . ’ " their new   who has    The    poll only captured some of the voter reaction    to Britain ’s    in Thursday ’s referendum to exit the    European Union , a move that some pundits say suggests Trump ’s    insurgent candidacy has tapped into a broad and powerful    antiglobalization wave sweeping Western countries . " ’    The poll was conducted online The   poll interviews with 1 , 201    likely voters in all 50 states . It has a credibility interval , The   poll    measure of accuracy , of 3 . 3 percentage points . ’ ’The lead Donald Trump gained over Hillary . Trump 
 