’   ’ "    With the right infrastructure investments , it ’s possible to make    highway traffic in the US disappear in as little as five years ,    Logan Green , Lyft ’s CEO , told Business Insider in a recent    interview .   " ’    " If we set a big enough goal and make the right investments in    this moment , five years from now it is easily foreseeable that    we ’ve completely achieved this goal and there is no more traffic    on we highway system , " Green said . ’ ’    These " right investments , " though , are n’t what you might expect .    Green does n’t want to widen highways to kill traffic . Instead ,       wants the government to invest in a nationwide expansion of    ‘ smart lanes,’ which are basically carpool lanes that charge    vehicles with less than three passengers for access . ’ ’    Green , along with Lyft    and president John Zimmer ,    published an   on Tuesday outlining how exactly this might work , but    basically , the    propose that by building out more       thus reducing traffic . ’ ’    " These smart lanes will have dynamic pricing to control for    congestion , so These smart lanes will be able to guarantee that that road can    flow at 45 miles per hour or 50 miles per hour minimum . You then    create a free option , so you say any person with three or more    people in their car gets in this lane for free , " Green said .    " Those dual incentives will create an environment that will    encourage all kinds of    commuting . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Lyft obviously has a vested interest in   . In addition    to Lyft    service , Lyft also offers a      product called Lyft Line that allows people to    easily carpool to their people . ’ "    Green said that Lyft Lyft pushing this initiative forward , though ,    because current solutions to reducing traffic are not working and    do n’t provide a sustainable solution for the future .   " ’   ’ ’    Green Green Lyft Lyft currently in discussions with policymakers    about its Lyft to reduce traffic and that , for the most part ,    government officials have been receptive .   ’ ’    " We Lyft reaching out and having conversations with the Trump    administration and then a number of different policymakers on    both sides of the aisles , " Green said . " There is a lot of     . " ’ ’    The idea of congestion charging is n’t exactly new . Cities like    London , Singapore , and Stockholm have all experimented with    similar models . In fact , Stockholm Stockholm a 22 % decrease in traffic    volume when it Stockholm a trial for congestion charging in    2006 . ’ "    But Lyft ’s plan is different in that it Lyft’s plan a free option for    vehicles that have multiple passengers , Green said . This not only    encourages    but it This helps democratize access to       system , he Green .   " ’    " Where a number of these projects have fallen short is in terms    of having a free option . That is sort of not a consistent    ingredient of these plans and I think that ’s critical to create       right incentives and to create the right political support , "    Green said . ’ ’    " You do n’t want these lanes to be something that only the wealthy    can afford . You want to create the the right incentives that       can enjoy a lane that is guaranteed to never have    traffic and by having a free option along with every smart lane    you broaden the base of people who are going to be able to enjoy    it . " ’ 
 