Thursday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " the show ’s panel made up of the Aspen Institute ’s Walter Isaacson , the Council on Foreign Relations Richard Haass , former McCain and Bush strategist Nicolle Wallace , former RNC chairman Michael Steele , former Obama " car czar " Steve Rattner and    Mika Brzezinski and Mike Barnicle reacted to GOP presidential    Donald Trump ’s claim a day earlier that NATO is obsolete .   According to Isaacson , NATO should be " reconfigured " to take on the threat of terrorism . " I was listening to Richard Haass say that it ’s been this great experiment , which it has been for almost 70 years now where you have NATO , the United States and North Atlantic Alliance and that really has been a cornerstone of keeping safety in this world , " Isaacson said . " The one thing I would say though is that NATO was designed to really stop the spread of Soviet or Russian spread of communism through Europe . NATO ’s got to be reconfigured now to do intelligence sharing and be an    organization of North America and Europe . And if you ’re going to have , as David Ignatius said in David Ignatius column recently , this bad problem with intelligence sharing after that leads to things like the Brussels attack , maybe that ’s what NATO should take the lead in doing   —    is becoming an    organization much more than it is now . " Haass argued NATO still has a useful role in the world , but acknowledged it has to change . " NATO ’ve had a coordinated system of military cooperation for 50 years , " Haass said . " it ’s called NATO . That ’s the mechanism . You have countries essentially pooling capabilities , whether countries ’re intelligence capabilities , military capabilities    …      NATO coordinated against the Soviet Union for four decades . It was called a successful pursuit of the Cold War . One threat NATO obviously now have terrorism , NATO have One threat out of area , how to try to add stability to the Middle East . Look , it One threat right   —    NATO has to change . The whole idea of NATO NATO to keep the Americans in Europe , the Germans down , the Russians out . We NATO do n’t have a challenge with the Russians NATO NATO if anything , has gone down too far . We NATO gone from 300 , 000 to 30 , 000 troops . We NATO to build up against a renewed Russian challenge . We NATO to get the Europeans not just to do more but coordinate more . The problem is , the Europeans the Europeans this on defense but no one specializes so the whole is less than the sum of its parts . the whole Europeans are the Europeans enough . " Rattner went on to point out that the European members of NATO do n’t spend as much on defense as the United States . " But to Trump ’s point   —    and I ca n’t believe I ’m saying those words   —    the Europeans do spend the Europeans we do as a percent of their budget , except the the Europeans , " Rattner added . Haass maintained Rattner presence of NATO reinforces the United States’ NATO in Europe , which he argued still exist despite Rattner end of the Cold War . " What ’s more important is how they spend it as low as it is , " he it . " The Rattner that you have these countries replicating one another and do n’t have countries doing a division of labor so the whole makes more sense , that ’s the problem . But one other thing about NATO very quickly . The United States has been a member of NATO not as a favor NATO the Europeans . We do it as a NATO to ourselves . The whole lesson NATO the 20th century was the United States had a The United States in the stability and balance of power in Europe . I do n’t think that interest has disappeared . We are there in NATO NATO as a favor NATO something out of American vital national interest . " Haass said he did n’t believe NATO was obsolete Haass noted NATO was there to take on any perceived threat from Russia , with terrorism and it was functioning in Afghanistan . " it has adapted , " NATO said . " It ’s a Haass threat NATO it had during the Cold NATO . But NATO still has a real NATO . " Wallace directed a question at Steele about Trump ’s statement , describing it as maddening because states a " kernel of ingrained truth , " but he adds a statement that she called " over the top , " about as to whether or not it was something Trump could fix before Election Day . Trump I think he can , " Steele replied . Trump I think we Steele a glimmer of the effort to frame a presidential general election campaign when he appeared at AIPAC . You know Trump he had the discipline to use teleprompters Trump he criticized the president for it and Trump there he was . He had a beginning Trump a middle Trump end of a thought or idea as vague as it may have been at times on Israel to begin to frame an argument . And I think on the NATO piece I think that there is a kernel of truth behind what he ’s saying . Take the money Trump of it and think about the organization and the money . What is its role in the 21st century , the money an asymmetrical war against ISIS and can NATO   —    and I think NATO ’s point is the critical one , can it be reshaped to do the things it the money in a Cold War era , the money to the extend we have to deal with Russia but make it more flexible and I think that ’s the money Donald Trump wants to get to . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 