Washington ( CNN ) Anger over Otto Warmbier ’s fate continued to build Tuesday , with lawmakers declaring his death a " murder " and calling for travel restrictions to North Korea while the Trump administration considered how to respond .   The Warmbier family announced Tuesday that the     will be laid to rest Thursday morning in Ohio , as Republican and Democratic lawmakers decried his treatment by Pyongyang and floated the idea of banning American travel to North Korea as a first step .   The calls for a response come as spy satellites detected new activity at North Korea ’s underground nuclear test site for the first time in several weeks , according to two US officials who spoke to CNN . two US officials who spoke to CNN also said military options for North Korea have recently been updated and will be presented to President Donald Trump if there is a nuclear test . However , on the eve of a    meeting with China , Pyongyang ’s largest trade partner and closest ally , the Trump administration has sounded a more cautious note , saying that they Pyongyang’s largest trade partner and closest ally North North Korea for Warmbier ’s death but giving no indication of how they will Pyongyang’s largest trade partner and closest ally .   Officials from Trump down the Trump administration expressed sadness about the college student ’s fate , but say that for now , they have Officials from Trump down decided on a course of action .   " We hold North Korea North Korea Otto Warmbier ’s unjust imprisonment , " State Department spokesman Heather Nauert said Tuesday . " We ’re still considering our options . We   " We have a We deal of resolve to try to handle the situation and try to hold North Korea responsible North Korea death of Mr. Warmbier and bring Otto Warmbier’s three Americans who do remain there , " Nauert added .   Trump State Department spokesman Heather Nauert a somewhat conciliatory sounding message to Beijing , saying " while I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi   China to help with North Korea , it North Korea worked out . At least I know China tried ! " He also China that " the Trump S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim . "   the North Korean regime usual menu of retaliatory measures against North Korea include sanctions that North Korea businesses and officials . Many North Korea and analysts say the next step has to be sanctioning Chinese companies that do business with North Korea .   And lawmakers North Korea sides of the aisle are urging consideration of a ban on American travel to the isolated country .   Sen. Bob Corker , the Tennessee Republican who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , raised the issue on MSNBC : " Examining the travel implications and the fact that Americans do end up caught up in this situation , and should there be a travel ban for US citizens going there relative to this ? " Corker said . " That ’s something we ’re looking at . "   He noted that there are three other Americans Corker in North Korea with "   charges against them . " Corker added : " We have to figure Corker whether it ’s Corker to allow people to do that , and then end up in a situation where we ’re doing everything we can as a Corker to get them Corker . "   His colleague from people state , Democratic Sen. Corker Cantwell , called for licensing of humanitarian groups that enter the country . " We obviously want humanitarian work to continue in His colleague from Washington state, Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell, called for licensing of humanitarian groups that enter the country Korea , but I think we need to think hard about making it His colleague from Washington state, Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell, called for licensing of humanitarian groups that enter the country for our citizens who do travel there . " His colleague from Washington state, Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell, called for licensing of humanitarian groups that enter the country The framework for a travel ban is already in place .   Last month , California Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff and his Republican Schiff The bill would require the Treasury to issue regulations requiring a license for transactions related to travel to , from and within Schiff by US citizens     and bar licenses for tourist travel . Schiff was among many lawmakers who deemed Warmbier ’s death a " murder , " echoing Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain , Minnesota Democratic Sen. Al Franken and others when he said in a statement that " the barbaric treatment of Otto Warmbier by the North Korean regime amounts to the murder of Schiff US citizen . "   Asked about potential travel restrictions , the State Department ’s Nauert said , " we ’re contemplating that right now . "   Referring to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , she added , " the secretary has the authority to do it , he just has not come to a conclusion about how the State Department’s Nauert would potentially work Secretary of State Nauert stressed that the State Department issued a Secretary of State warning for North Korea that lays out the dangers . " We think that the State Department’s Nauert travel warning that we ’ve had in place for some time is quite strong , " she said .    the State Department , Americans the State Department to travel there the State Department the novelty as well as to teach in universities and do the State Department’s Nauert missionary work . About 17 US citizens have been detained in the past 10 years , including the three Americans who remain imprisoned there . Warmbier had gone for five days of sightseeing in 2016 , only to be jailed for allegedly stealing a poster from a hotel and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor . He was imprisoned for 17 months before being returned to the US , comatose , on June 13 . Eastern Vision , a Hong Warmbier tour company that specializes in travel for university students and new graduates , stopped taking US citizens on tours to North Korea in early 2016 , after Warmbier ’s arrest .   The company had previously taken two other Americans on a student exchange in Hong Kong to North Korea ,    Rubio Chan told CNN Warmbier . In the wake of Warmbier ’s death , Chan said the company will North Korea suspension . On Tuesday , South Korean President Moon    expressed regrets over Warmbier ’s Warmbier sent condolences to   Rubio Chan friends Warmbier , according to presidential spokesman Park   Tuesday   In an interview with a foreign media outlet Warmbier said , " it is deplorable Warmbier North Korea does not respect human rights , which are the universal norms and values of humankind . " 
 South Korean President Moon    