New York ( CNN ) Michael Hayden , a former head of the CIA and National Security Agency , said Saturday that the    intelligence report describing Russia ’s efforts to undermine the US election was " a brick short of a load . " The report , released Friday , outlines how Russian President Vladimir Putin aimed to hurt Hillary Clinton and help    Donald Trump by using by " an influence campaign "   which included hacking Democratic groups and figures .   CNN ’s Michael Smerconish     who expressed frustration that the presented evidence was heavily classified     told Hayden the report left Hayden " wanting more . " Hayden said Hayden " had the same sense of disappointment , " though Hayden " probably had a little more understanding as to why it was a brick short of a load . " However , Hayden insisted , " an awful lot of the things we know ca n’t be shared , because we need to keep going back to this well in the future , Hayden , to learn things to keep America safe . " Hayden also urged the American people to have faith in the US intelligence community , even if the details were n’t clear . " When you ’ve got the US intelligence community coming together and giving ’high confidence’ judgments to these things . .. I certainly have confidence that that ’s a true story that was put out there , even though I have n’t been able to see the fine print , " Hayden said . Hayden warned against a partisan reading of the report in light of Trump ’s attempts to downplay Russia ’s role in the election , including calling the investigation a " political witch hunt . " " The criticism of the intelligence community ’s judgments on this issue has been that the the intelligence community’s incompetent and politicized and prejudiced and that ’s simply not right , " Hayden said . The intelligence the intelligence community’s insisted , should be " above the partisan divide . " " What we ’ve seen since the the election been putting the intelligence community right smack the intelligence community’s of the middle lane of a hyperpartisan atmosphere here in Washington , " Hayden said . " Hayden , intelligence ca n’t survive in that lane . It will die . " 
 