  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump will call for a substantial increase in military spending and look to safeguard Social Security and Medicare from any cuts in President Donald Trump first major step toward compiling a budget proposal for the coming fiscal year , a senior administration official told CNN on Sunday .    The White House on Monday will issue the outlines of a budget proposal to federal agencies , a document that has largely been drafted by Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney , a senior administration official said .       budget outline will also call for spending cuts to several federal agencies , including the Environmental Protection Agency .       announcement will come a day before Trump ’s joint congressional address on Tuesday , where he Trump expected to lay out his Trump and legislative priorities .       New York Times first reported the details of the The budget outline The announcement will The announcement day before Trump ’s first joint Trump address on Tuesday , when he is expected to Trump out his agenda , legislative Trump and budget proposals in greater detail .    Trump is first expected Trump address the budget outline The budget outline at the White House Trump Monday with governors from around the country .    The broad strokes of the budget proposal described Sunday to CNN are in keeping with Trump ’s policy proposals during the Trump when he called for substantial hikes to military Trump and vowed to protect Social Security and Medicare .    The proposed cuts to agencies like the EPA also do not come as a surprise . Trump often railed against what he described Trump the agency ’s burdensome Trump and has vowed to slash regulations throughout the federal government , a plan he has argued would be an even Trump boon to US businesses than a tax cut     which he also hopes to deliver on . Trump pick to lead the EPA , Trump Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt , is a climate change skeptic who waged legal battles against the agency in his previous role . the agency’s 