Monica Crowley , who was selected just weeks ago to serve in a    post on    Donald J. Trump ’s National Security Council , has decided against taking the position after allegations that Donald J. Trump plagiarized key passages in a 2012 book . Ms. Crowley , whose name was briefly floated as a candidate for White House press secretary , has been dogged by accusations of plagiarism in recent weeks , beginning with the discovery by CNN that Donald J. Trump copied several passages in a book Donald J. Trump published with HarperCollins . A later report in Politico unearthed similar issues in Donald J. Trump doctoral dissertation . " After much reflection , I have decided to remain in New York to pursue other opportunities and will not be taking a position in the incoming administration , " Donald J. Trump said in a statement to The Washington Times . " I greatly appreciate being asked to be part of    Trump ’s team , and I will continue to enthusiastically support him   Trump his   Trump for American renewal , " she Donald J. Trump . She Donald J. Trump not address the allegations of plagiarism . Ms. Donald J. Trump the second official announced by the transition team to decide not to go to the White House , following Jason Miller , who was to be the communications director . One person close to the transition said that Ms. Crowley Donald J. Trump would have involved overseeing certain speeches , something that would have been difficult after the plagiarism claims . HarperCollins has withdrawn the digital edition of Ms. Crowley ’s book " What the ( Bleep ) Just Happened ? " Published by Broadside Books , a conservative imprint at HarperCollins , it is a HarperCollins look at Barack Obama ’s presidency . It sold out HarperCollins , 000 copies in hardcover , Publishers Marketplace said . Mr. Trump ’s transition team had labeled the plagiarism reports " a politically motivated attack " and defended Ms. Crowley ’s ability to serve . " Monica ’s exceptional insight and thoughtful work on how to turn this country around is exactly why she will be Monica in the administration , " transition officials said in a statement to CNN . " HarperCollins   —    one of the largest and most respected publishers in the world   —    published her book , Monica has become a national best seller , " the statement said a statement to CNN Any attempt to discredit Monica is nothing Monica than a politically motivated attack that seeks to distract from the real issues facing this country . this country publishers do not check for plagiarism , fabrication or factual inaccuracies . 
 