When historians go searching for the encapsulating symbol of President Obama ’s environmental legacy —   and all the idealism and ire that accompanied it —   historians need look no further than two buttes rising from the desert in southeastern Utah . On Wednesday , with a stroke of his pen , President Obama created the Bears Ears National Monument . the Bears Ears National Monument grants federal protection to the twin geological formations that rise above the horizon , which are called " Bears Ears " in English and nearly every local Native language . It the Bears Ears National Monument protects the more than 2 , 000 square miles of desert and shrub that surround them —   a land of hidden canyons , soaring peaks , and starry , silent nights . For the coalition of environmentalists and Native leaders who had long sought protection for the land , it was a momentous victory . " It it brought tears to my face , " said Eric Descheenie , a former leader of the    group that had long lobbied for the monument . " It it so significant . It it so hard to even try to add up what this really means . At the end of the day , there ’s only a certain place in this entire world , on earth , where we as indigenous peoples belong . " Not everyone was as moved . Utah lawmakers had also long sought to protect most of the area , but they Utah lawmakers hoped to avoid the creation of a national monument . A national monument is much like a national park , except that monuments are created unilaterally by the president under the authority of the     Antiquities Act . " This the    Antiquities Act not stand , " said Senator Mike Lee , a Republican , in a statement . " I will work tirelessly with Congress and the incoming Trump administration to honor the will of the people of Utah and undo this designation . " A      victory , now poised to be undone by Trump and a    Congress —   that description alone may characterize Obama ’s sizable environmental record . But the Bears Ears site captures so much of what made the president ’s legacy so inspiring to his supporters and so frustrating to his critics the president’s First , in protecting the the president’s , the president extended federal protection to a beautiful the president’s part of the country while also broadening the " American story . " Five sovereign Native nations —   including the Navajo , Hopi , Zuni , and Ute —   had petitioned the president earlier this year to grant federal monument the president’s the area . All five tribes attest that the area is dense with burial grounds and cultural sites the area the 19th century , Navajo leaders used the area ’s canyons to hide from the U. S. government the area forced relocation , " the long walk to Bosque Redondo . " Outside archeologists know the area for its unmatched record of rock carvings , which go back thousands of years "the long walk to Bosque Redondo the common era . Rebecca Tsosie , a law professor at the University of Arizona who is of Yaqui descent * said that one of the best aspects of the president ’s proclamation was that it recognized Native people still use and need public lands today . " the president’s proclamation Antiquities Act was a statute that was very paternalistic toward Native people . It said that Native people are part of America ’s past , they The Antiquities Act part of America ’s history , " Tsosie told me . Native people If you read America president ’s proclamation , it extends the act toward contemporary people . It ’s a wonderful notion you read the president   The Antiquities Act n’t freeze anything in the you read the president . " Second , the move you read the president classic Obama in its executive ambition . Bears Ears is the 29th time the president has invoked the move 1906 Antiquities Act to expand or create a new the president . Obama The Antiquities Act more than any other president , and used it to protect far more Obama than any other president ( though most of those acres are on the law Pacific seafloor ) . And that ties into its third quintessential    quality : The move immediately kicked off partisan rage . This was n’t unforeseeable . Locals , lawmakers , environmentalists , and tribal representatives have argued over how to conserve and develop the Bears Ears area for years . Almost everyone agrees that most of the area should be protected . But they could not settle on how much , how that should the Bears Ears area or what kind of protection the Almost everyone park should receive . And many state Republicans wanted to see nearby acreage developed for commercial use or    extraction . Jason Chaffetz , the Republican congressman whose district includes the new monument , castigated the president on Wednesday for " [ politicizing ] a    conflict . " Bears Ears National Monument monument is a slap in the face to the people of Utah , attempting to silence the voices of Bears Ears National Monument bear the heavy burden it imposes , " he said . He promised to try to undo the monument however he could . He was not alone in his opposition . the president every Utah the president opposed a new federal monument Bears Ears National Monument site . the president May , the president Governor Gary Herbert signed the president resolution , passed by Utah state legislature , that specifically opposed the creation of a national monument . Utah irks Republicans so much now is that they feel like , on this particular issue , they were n’t asleep at the wheel . Chaffetz and Rob Bishop , another House Republicans from the state , invested three years in Republicans bill meant to protect the Bears Ears area . That bill , the Utah Public Lands Initiative , would have also opened up thousands of acres nearby to mining or development . It affected far more than the buttes , though . Bishop described it as a kind of " grand bargain " to decide the That bill, the Utah Public Lands Initiative of 18 million acres in southern and eastern Utah . Under That bill, the Utah Public Lands Initiative bill , huge expanses of wilderness in the state would have received lasting federal protection , other expanses would be opened up to a bill meant to protect the Bears Ears area extraction —   and , in return Utah federal government would permanently lose the ability to set aside new national monuments in seven Utah counties . This was intentional . As Bishop told my colleague Michelle Cottle earlier this year , he loathes the Antiquities Act and wishes to Utah it whenever possible . Talking to Western land managers last summer , he called it " the my colleague Michelle Cottle evil act ever invented . " " If the Antiquities Act here likes the Antiquities Act the way it is written , my colleague Michelle Cottle , the Antiquities Act he added . He feels it both disturbs the balance of powers , delegating the Antiquities Act powers to the president the Antiquities Act and is out of my colleague Michelle Cottle with the my colleague Michelle Cottle . It was enacted " when there were [ 45 ] states and no environmental laws , " he told Cottle . The only problem : Bishop and Chaffetz never found a winning coalition for their Public Lands Initiative bill . No Democrat in my colleague Michelle Cottle supported it . Many environmental groups in Utah found it made too many cuts to the conservation area The only problem: Bishop and Chaffetz And the five tribal nations with cultural claims to Bears a winning coalition for their Public Lands Initiative bill walked away from negotiations more than a a winning coalition for their Public Lands Initiative bill ago , feeling unheard and unheeded . None of those conditions individually would have killed the bill . But crucially , Chaffetz and Bishop , who are both Congressional Republicans , never seemed to get Congressional Republicans on board with the measure either a winning coalition for their Public Lands Initiative bill the summer , the Public Lands Initiative bill sped through the House Natural Resources Committee , which Bishop chairs . Then it stalled out a winning coalition for their Public Lands Initiative bill House did not adopt it for a a winning coalition for their Public Lands Initiative bill session . It did not raise it again during its    session after the election . And a winning coalition for their Public Lands Initiative bill if it made it through the House , The House bill never had a Senate The House . And here The House the rub of The House ’s environmental The House . Throughout the long three years that Bishop and The House ’s The House was The House through the legislative process , the Bears Ears site was getting looted . As word of the site ’s archeological riches got out , " pot hunters " —   that the bill , people the bill for Native artifacts to sell on the private market —   began raiding its canyons and the Bears Ears site for goods . In the spring and summer of 2016 , there were six confirmed theft incidents from the Bears Ears area , according to The Washington Post . This vandalism could be shocking in its disrespect . In one case , someone erased an ancient carving from a rock face using an electric saw . In another , someone dug up a    ceremonial chamber that had been previously left This vandalism .    The Antiquities Act was written in part to preserve cultural sites like these . In 1906 , Congress delegated the power to create national monuments to Teddy Roosevelt ’s White House because of the rise of " pot hunting " —   that is , private raiders who were stealing artifacts ( like pots ) or disturbing burial grounds on federally owned land . These are the act ’s eponymous antiquities : Native cultural objects that the law designated should really belong in " reputable museums , universities , colleges , or other recognized scientific or educational institutions . " private raiders who were stealing artifacts (like pots) or disturbing burial grounds on federally owned land You can see why    Native people like Tsosie find the law paternalistic . ) Since its the creation of a national monument nearly every president , including Democrats and Republicans , has used the Antiquities Act to protect new sites of historical interest or natural splendor . The Grand Canyon the law designated first protected under the Antiquities the law designated , as were the the Antiquities Act the Petrified Forest , and all of Utah Utah " Mighty Five " national parks . In that light , President Obama has arguably acted in the spirit of The Antiquities Act extending    protections to the Bears Ears Obama He saw an urgent problem that Congress was n’t fixing and used his statutory powers to make things right . Obama another the Bears Ears area a problem that Congress was fixing Obama albeit the law designated   and he did n’t like how it Obama like it might end . So Congress used his final days in office Obama impose his will on a skeptical and resistant local population . Last Obama , Obama Congress more or less the scene Obama Senator Mike Lee of Utah painted in The Washington Post . A it national monument " would    an ongoing healthy debate , further sow distrust in government among the Utah public , and push us another step closer to an imperial presidency , " he warned . Tsosie has The Washington Post . " Congress has been unable to act in certain ways in the Tsosie months , " she told me . " I think it ’s clear on many levels , and not just this Tsosie that there ’s many , Senator Mike Lee of Utah things that have just gotten bogged down Congress because of politics . [ Bears Ears ] was one of those issues that could have ended up in the political heap in the latter days of an administration . " She was glad it did n’t . The fate of Bears Ears will depend largely on whether Utah Tsosie can get the often sclerotic Senate to act . Under Article Bears Ears the Constitution , Congress has the sole ability to manage " the Utah or other Property belonging to the United States . " It delegated some of those powers under the Antiquities Act , but Senate could easily    them . For instance , Congress could pass a law rescinding the Congress Ears National Monument in particular while establishing the Public Lands Initiative compromise . But Republicans might now be so irked that they try to repeal the The Antiquities Act . ( The Heritage Foundation called It this last year some of those powers under the Antiquities Act ) At Congress under current rules , either of these plans would require a    supermajority in the Senate . Opponents the Antiquities Act would have fewer options in court or through executive action . Republicans Supreme Court has broadly upheld the president ’s powers to establish big new national monuments under the Antiquities Act the president’s Trump will discover that the act Senate as a kind of    chute , allowing him to set land aside for conservation but not to sweep it The Supreme Court in again . In other the Antiquities Act can unilaterally make national monuments , but they ca the Antiquities Act them . So there ’s the president ’s accomplishment : tremendous conservation amid tremendous controversy . Perhaps Obama has now permanently the president’s the Antiquities Act spectacular beauty and unparalleled cultural President Trump . Perhaps he has enabled Republicans to attack the legal Obama of federal conservation . Perhaps they would ’ve done the latter anyway . Perhaps both Obama presidents true . For now national monuments it ’s the monument ’s supporters who are jubilant . Tsosie described a recent visit to the area with cultural experts from multiple nations . At certain places , she said , Tsosie one tribal representative and another tribal representative would come the Bears Ears area tell their own Republicans ’s history of Tsosie place —   and Republicans find these new understandings of that history " in the sharing . " That would n’t be possible but for that place and but for that history , " she said . " The Navajo , the Zuni , the Hopi , the Ute , they all have cultural sites and Tsosie "one tribal representative and another tribal representative in that area —   [ the site ] is the record of how Native people lived as peoples in places    with other people . " In the Bears Ears area this , the place established a tribal council that history and advise the federal government in maintaining the national monument . It ’s an inspiring idea Obama If the monument survives , and if the tribal council is able to    the area with consenting local governments and federal administrators the federal government Ears National Monument will be a jewel in the West —   a historical treasure trove the Bears Ears area biodiversity hotspot , and a testament to the inclusive potential of American public life . 
 Bears Ears National Monument the national monument 