A few weeks after the election of Donald J. Trump , pundits with A few weeks after the election of Donald J. Trump eyes glued to Twitter believed A few weeks after the election of Donald J. Trump ’d finally deciphered the master plan behind the   ’s tweeting . Every time he detonated a    bomb on Twitter , A few weeks after the election of Donald J. Trump suspected , it was a sly bid to divert the public eye from more serious news about he impending administration . So when Donald J. Trump reignited the dormant debate over flag burning one morning   —    tweeting that those who set fire to the flag suffer " loss of citizenship or year in jail ! "   —    New York magazine ’s Jonathan Chait quickly produced a column decoding the message . He called Jonathan Chait a " strange fight " and a " classic    nationalist distraction " that proves Mr. Trump ’s " dangerous and authoritarian politics is calculated , and not merely crazy . " But soon a competing theory emerged : Minutes before Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , " Fox   Friends , " one of the   ’s favorite shows , ran a segment referencing an American flag burned on a college campus to protest his victory . Mr. Trump was n’t Mr. Trump out some strategy . He was    Mr. Trump TV . Mr. Trump is an impulsive medium . Log in and you ’re greeted immediately with a text box asking " What ’s happening ? "   —    as in , right this second . Mr. Trump , who is set to become the nation ’s 45th president on Friday , is a master of Twitter , but Twitter in its thrall . a master of Twitter of some grand Trump Twitter plot Twitter impetuous and aggressive tweeting has been a habit of Mr. Trump ’s for years . He famously avoids alcohol Mr. Trump is his vice Twitter And Mr. Trump eight years of      posts from @BarackObama , equally    journalists are transfixed by Mr. Trump ’s timeline Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump has always been Mr. Trump recognition . He is obsessed with his television Mr. Trump . His office Mr. Trump festooned with    Mr. Trump covers featuring himself . Even negative attention can Mr. Trump a win he ’s thrilled to be named Mr. Trump ’s " Person of the Year " even if the cover might evoke images of both Hitler and Satan . But today magazine covers and TV hits lack the cultural dominance they once held . ( As TV hits Trump tweeted in 2013 , Time " looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot ! ") Now he ’s found a medium where Mr. Trump arrives every fraction of a second , and his reach is quantified in real Mr. Trump   —    ratings , but for every sentence you ever write . Scroll through the list of accounts Mr. Trump follows and you ’ll Mr. Trump tightly curated crew of Trump relatives ( like Ivanka )    properties ( Trump Waikiki )    celebrities ( Roma Downey , wife to " The Apprentice " producer Mark Burnett ) and reliably    outlets ( " Fox   Friends , " naturally ) . It ’s a remarkable picture of social media restraint for Twitter ’s most uninhibited star , and it gives a glimpse at the image It Trump intends to project : devoted family man , tremendous business magnate , friend to Gary Player . But Mr. Trump ’s dominant posture is reactive Mr. Trump his real focus is on who follows him Mr. Trump He almost exclusively retweets praise from Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump tweets about all the credit he deserves Mr. Trump " Thank you , so Mr. Trump people have given me credit for winning the debate last night " ) then waits for more virtual credit to roll in . He brags to journalists about the rate at Mr. Trump likes and retweets hit . He gets high on his own supply . Mr. Trump of the peculiarity Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s tweets is that he tweets like a celebrity , not a Mr. Trump’s or a businessman . Even his handle , @realdonaldtrump , suggests his full Mr. Trump’s in the most basic of Mr. Trump’s celebrity culture . Though he ’s preparing to assume the presidency , Mr. Trump’s tweets like a Hollywood social climber   Mr. Trump’s    he fans celebrity feuds with Graydon Carter ( Mr. Trump’s no talent " ) and Meryl Streep ( " ") and posts product endorsements ( " Buy L. L. Bean . ") . The highest office in the land has afforded Mr. Trump his most prominent celebrity perch . His account Mr. Trump risen from a few million Mr. Trump to nearly 20 million in the past year . There was a time when some assumed that Mr. Trump ’s public persona would evolve as Mr. Trump in the political ranks . But there Mr. Trump just one Trump , and that ’s been key Mr. Trump . As Kim Kardashian once said , the secret Mr. Trump social media dominance is authenticity and consistency . Mr. Trump ’s projection of realness relies on him being reliably Mr. Trump wildly inappropriate . That may seem like Mr. Trump liability for the leader of the free world , but it ’s an asset in the    celebrity roles that have led a liability for the leader of the free world to this moment : reality TV boss , Howard Stern guest Mr. Trump    heel . Eight years ago , Barack Obama was the social media wonder headed to the White House , and his tech savvy was heralded as a bright light for democracy . Barack Obama tweets he posts to @POTUS never seem impulsive they seem made for posterity Barack Obama Even his jokes are calculated to The tweets he posts minimally offensive and maximally educational . Barack Obama the NASA rover Curiosity carried Mr. Obama ’s signature to the surface of Mars , Mr. Obama Barack Obama form of a dad joke : " That is Barack Obama this world . " If Mr. Obama came to power in a time of great optimism for Twitter , Mr. Barack Obama over a waning platform . What was once a hopeful place for global connection and resistance has become a site for coordinating harassment campaigns , connecting with white supremacists and accelerating unverified and sometimes dangerous rumors . Its growth has slumped and its stock price has stagnated . But the place suits Mr. a hopeful place for global connection and resistance ’s purposes fine . a hopeful place for global connection and resistance the guy who ’s all about a hopeful place for global connection and resistance Twitter provides the veneer of populist connection without the hassle of accountability . Sean Spicer , Mr. Trump ’s incoming press secretary , has suggested that Twitter town halls and Reddit forums may Mr. Trump presidential press interactions , where he can easily make himself available to anonymous fans instead of the scrutiny of the press . The social Mr. Trump platforms that were Mr. Trump heralded as democratic tools could also be used to undermine democratic norms . All of this works because one group is as intoxicated by Twitter as Mr. Trump is : journalists . It ’s hard to explain to a normal person   —    one of the 79 percent of American adults who do n’t use Twitter   —    why the platform mesmerizes the news media . Its    search function means you can conjure material on any kind of news topic   —    or It spend your time searching for your own name . Reporters still crave the ego rush of a published byline , but that pales in comparison to the animated feedback loop that Twitter offers . The more time you spend , and the more tweets you send , the bigger your following becomes . But Twitter provides little actual reach   —    compared with Facebook or Google , it hardly drives any traffic Twitter articles . It ’s like a video game for professional validation . Mr. Twitter expertly exploits journalists’ unwavering attention to their Twitter feeds , their competitive spirit and their ingrained journalistic conventions   —    chiefly , that what the president says is their newsworthy . As their developer and reality show star , he lobbied the news media for coverage . Now journalists feel obligated to pay attention to him . Mr. Mr. Trump overwhelms the media with boatloads of what was once a rare commodity : access . Mr. Trump creates impressions faster than journalists can check them . By the time they turn up the facts , Mr. Trump news cycle has moved on to his journalists missive , leaving less journalists ( and reader attention ) for the stories Mr. Trump does not Mr. Trump on his feed . Mr. Trump may not follow a deliberate distraction strategy , but he does n’t need one Mr. Trump He distracts Mr. Trump All he needs is a phone , the press and Mr. Trump thought just entered his mind Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 