Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was running for people who dream " of a day when deportations end , and families are reunited on a path to citizenship in America " and criticized Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump during a speech in West Palm Beach , FL on Tuesday .   Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton began by saying Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was " moving closer " to securing the Democratic nomination and the presidency , and that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had earned more votes than any other candidate thusfar . Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton further congratulated fellow Democratic candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) " for the vigorous campaign fellow Democratic candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) " ’s waging . " Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton later stated , " Now look , of course , every candidate makes promises like this , but every candidate owes this to you to be clear and direct about what our plans will cost , and how our ’re going to make them work . That ’s the difference between running for president , and being president . " Hillary continued , " We live in a complex and yes , a dangerous world . Protecting America ’s national security can never be an afterthought . We     has to be able to defend America , not embarrass it America engage We allies , not alienate them our allies defeat We adversaries , not embolden them our allies When we hear a candidate for president call for rounding up 12 million immigrants , banning all Muslims from entering the United States , when he embraces torture , that does n’t make him he , it that him he . And yes , our next president has to bring our America , so we our all share in the promise of America , we our be breaking down barriers , not building walls . We our not going to succeed by dividing this country America our them . You know , to be great , we our n’t be small . We our n’t lose what made America great in America first place . And this is n’t just about Donald Trump , all of us our to do our our . " She concluded , " Our our is for   …     the mother I met in Miami , whose five children have n’t seen their father since whose five children was deported . She dreams of She day when deportations end , and families are reunited on a path to citizenship in America . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 