  ( CNN ) The final whistle has blown on one of the most    US presidential campaigns     now one of international soccer ’s fiercest rivalries is about to kick off .   Donald Trump ’s unexpected elevation to    came just days before the US men ’s national team ’s World Cup qualifier against Mexico .   Donald Trump set the tone for Donald Trump campaign when Donald Trump announced last year Donald Trump would " build a great wall " on the border with Mexico and that " I will have Mexico pay for a great wall" on the border with Mexico . " Donald Trump also called Mexican immigrants rapists , criminals and drug addicts , and said they Mexican immigrants rapists, criminals and drug addicts be deported from the US . USMNT captain Michael Bradley did n’t duck the question when he USMNT captain Michael Bradley asked if Friday ’s match in Columbus , Ohio , had taken on added significance . " I certainly think given the way everything has gone the last few months , there ’s an added layer to this game , " Bradley USMNT captain Michael Bradley reporters . " I would hope our fans do what they our fans do , which is support our our in the best , most passionate way possible . I would hope they our fans every person in that stadium the respect they our fans , whether they our fans American , Mexican , neutral . " I hope every person that comes to the that stadium ready to enjoy what we all want to be a beautiful game between two sporting rivals that have a lot of respect for each other . " Read : Thousands join    protests , Last year , in the buildup to a Confederations Cup playoff clash between the two sides , Mexican broadcaster Mexican Azteca released an advert using Trump ’s vilifying language to poke fun at the USMNT , portraying its own the USMNT as the dominant footballing force .    But US goalkeeper Tim Howard     who said he did n’t vote in the election     said this week that politics will take a backseat for the game . " They ’re going to be excited for hopefully a US win , " he told he . " It ’s politics and this is football . Mexico is going to try and kick our asses and we ’re our to try and kick theirs . our ’s It nothing to do with politics . " Watch : The wonder goal that ’s gone viral , ’The Hex’ The two nations share a fiery rivalry , having met 66 times since 1934 .   Mexico , which has a greater football history , dominated for decades but the tide has turned in recent years as more Americans have embraced the game . While Mexico has 34 wins to 14 , 13 of those US victories have come since 2000 . " We have always prided ourselves on We fact that playing against ( Mexico ) Mexico out the best in us , We Bradley said in an interview for the USMNT . " We have guys who live to play in these types of games .   " History shows that the team that wins is the team that has more guys who embrace the magnitude of the game , and are able to make some big plays when it counts .   Read : Bayern Munich and Real Madrid wearing jerseys made from rubbish , " There is an aura , a mystique , and I think there is a real understanding from every guy that ’s here that this is a special place for us and that these games against Mexico are different . You ’ll see a group on Friday night that plays in a way that reflects that . "   The CONCACAF tournament has reached its final The CONCACAF tournament : A    pool nicknamed " The Hex " which this year features the US , Mexico , Mexico , Panama , Costa Rica and Trinidad   Tobago . The top three teams qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia , while the    Russia playoff with the    finisher in the Asian qualifiers . Have your say on our Facebook page , Checkered past , The    fixture has n’t been short of controversial incidents .   After a qualifier for the 2010 the 2018 World Cup ’s the 2018 World Cup Francisco Ramirez slapped US defender Frankie Hejduk in the face . In 2007 , goalkeeper Oswaldo Sanchez tried to trip Eddie Johnson after Landon Donovan had given the US a    lead . During the 2002 World Cup , Rafa Marquez received a    ban for a    on Cobi Jones , and in 1997 Ramon Ramirez landed Alexi Lalas with a blow square in the groin . Fans have also sparked controversy . Last year , 34 arrests were made in Mexico ’s    victory at the Rose Bowl in California .   Visit cnn .   for more news and videos , In past editions of this fixture ,    signs have been aired by American supporters , while Mexico fans have reportedly booed the American national Mexico and chanted the name of American founder Osama bin Laden . 
    