Washington ( CNN ) Republicans are praising Hillary Clinton as the most skilled and experienced politician ever to stand behind a podium . Democrats note Donald Trump , a former reality star , is especially savvy on television . Despite such compliments , an era of good feelings is n’t suddenly consuming the nasty 2016 presidential race . Instead , the expectations game is in full swing two days ahead of the first crucial debate between Hillary Clinton and Trump     a clash that will be watched by millions around the world and could prove decisive in determining the winner in November . In the    to the debate , both sides are turning to the    practice of highlighting the strengths of both sides competitor in an effort to minimize the impact of both sides own flaws .   " The expectations game is always huge . Sometimes the expectations matter more than the debate itself , " said Aaron Kall , editor of a new book , " Debating the Donald , " which dissects Trump ’s performance in the primary debates .   The Clinton campaign is trying to shape the battlefield by pointing out that Trump’s will be in Trump’s element on Monday night . " For all Trump’s lack of substance , Trump’s ’s showmanship , as    TV star , makes Trump’s a formidable debate foe . Trump’s thrashed Trump’s rivals in GOP debates , " Brian Fallon , Clinton ’s national press secretary , tweeted in August .   How to watch the first presidential debate , By that reasoning , anything less than a thrashing for Clinton will be spun as a win . At the same time , the Trump campaign is working hard to raise the stakes for Clinton , arguing that Clinton recently rising polls mean Clinton needs a game changer . " Given Clinton extensive experience debating , high level of preparation , and scripted nature , Clinton campaign no doubt views Monday night as the best opportunity to alter the trajectory of the race , " said Trump communications director Jason Miller in a memo this week . Miller Trump communications director Jason Miller that Clinton Clinton " more debates under her Clinton than almost any presidential candidate in history . "   Top Republican National Committee strategist Sean Spicer also weighed in , noting that " Clinton Clinton been at it since she Clinton been on the debate team in high school . " And both sides are trying to get into their both sides ’s head . The Clinton Clinton invited Mark Cuban , the owner of the Dallas Mavericks and a prominent Trump critic , to sit in the front row at the debate . Trump Trump Saturday with a threat to bring Gennifer Flowers , with whom Bill Clinton to having a sexual relationship decades ago , to the event . Flowers has said she is Flowers to come to the Monday debate , but it is Flowers if the Trump campaign Trump planning on inviting her . Flowers representatives of Flowers have Flowers responded to CNN ’s inquiries , a tweet from her account Flowers earlier said : " Hi Donald . You know I ’m in your corner and will definitely be at the debate‎ " and she has Flowers told some other media she is Flowers on attending . Charade makes no sense , Of course , this quadrennial Charade sense . After all , why would a campaign all but suggest that a hated foe is almost certain to wipe the floor with their candidate before a national television audience ? What is really going on in this period of embellishment is an effort to shape the media coverage of a debate     often as important in deciding how a showdown shapes the campaign as what the candidates say . If a candidate is predicted to struggle in a debate but ultimately vaults over the low bar , surrogates and analysts will proclaim an upset win .   Days of coded warnings are also used to put moderators on notice that their questions , cross moderators and comments will be parsed mercilessly for bias and that they will become the moderators if they do n’t play moderators . Clinton Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri told reporters this week that the campaign ’s biggest worry is whether expectations for Trump are so low that he ca n’t help Trump exceed them . " I the campaign that my biggest concern is . .. that people accommodate their questions to suit people candidate in front of them and that is people has happened to Trump in the past Trump " she said . Palmieri Trump comments were a veiled warning to the moderator of the first debate , Lester Holt , that he must hold Clinton Palmieri Trump accountable to the Trump standards of questioning . Holt ’s NBC colleague Lauer Clinton supporters who thought Clinton gave Trump an Clinton ride Trump former secretary of state at a forum earlier this month . Trump watching highlight reels of Clinton to prep for debate Clinton Trump has argued Democratic complaints Trump Lauer were meant as a warning to Holt . " In trying to hit Matt , they are trying to game the system , game the ref , " Trump said in North Carolina Trump week . " But I think Lester will be very fair , " Trump said . " But Trump lot of people will be watching to see if that is true . " History of debate games , Debate games have a long history in politics .   In 2000 , for instance ,    Gov. George W. Bush ’s campaign pulled off a similar trick to the one Trump ’s team is trying Trump . They painted Vice President Al Gore as a debater of such the one Trump’s team that he would almost certainly bury the Republican in their first debate Vice President Al Gore Bush aide Karen Hughes described Gore as the one Trump’s team one of the Gov. George W. Bush polished debaters in American Vice President Al Gore . " Her colleague , Karl Rove , praised Gore as the " Bush aide Karen Hughes ’s most    debater , a Vice President Al Gore who is more proficient at     debate combat than anybody the world has ever seen . " It ’s true that Gore had excelled in debates before , taking on tycoon Ross Vice President Al Gore in a CNN debate on the North American Free Trade Agreement and more than holding his own against GOP vice presidential nominee Jack Kemp in 1996 Vice President Al Gore The media bought into the idea that Gore was a rhetorical giant and Bush was a oratorical pygmy Vice President Al Gore The New York Times story previewing the    clash described the sitting vice president as " one of the most artful and combative debaters in modern history . " Gore ’s failure to meet that bar severely wounded his campaign Vice President Al Gore " People were expecting Bush to come in Vice President Al Gore stumble around and embarrass himself and Bush Gore to crush him , " said Kall Bush " Gore Vice President Al Gore won the Bush debate and all of the debates Vice President Al Gore But because of the expectations game , Bush was seen as the winner . " By avoiding disaster Bush Bush met the test of being sufficiently presidential . " We Bush lost the expectations game , " senior Gore aide Carter Eskew told the expectations game for his book Vice President Al Gore " Presidential Debates : Risky Business on the Campaign Trail senior Gore aide Carter Eskew " " I ’m not sure we could have won it , " Eskew said . " The bar We set very low for Bush . senior Gore aide Carter Eskew ’s face it , he jumped over it Bush " Mark Cuban to We his The bar of Trump to the The bar row of Monday ’s debate , Mark Cuban Bush team , flushed by their success , cranked up the Bush again ahead of Bush ’s debate with John Kerry four years later . Bush Bush Dowd told journalists the Massachusetts senator was " the Bush debater since Cicero , " referring to John Kerry and orator . His comment , a classic of the expectations setting genre , might also have been a Bush pollster Matthew Dowd acknowledgment of the absurdity of    spin .   But it hit the mark , framing Kerry as the favorite     even though Bush arrived at the debate with all the trappings of the presidency . Bush did n’t sustain serious political damage during the debate and went on to win the Bush , partly as a result of his the debate with all the trappings of the presidency savvy spin operation . Clinton ’s task on Monday will be to stop Bush ’s spinners from pulling off a similar coup . 
 