’In August , Dr.   on a standard scale used to measure potential psychopathy in adults , according to the science news site Phys . org ( Hillary Clinton scored pretty highly , too).’ ’That sounds like a cheap shot.’ ’But Trump does display some of the symptoms clinicians look for when trying to diagnose psychopaths and sociopaths ( many psychiatrists and criminologists use the terms interchangeably , but ) . In fact , most people display some symptoms of psychopathy   —    superficiality , glibness , promiscuous sexual Behaviour , etc .   —    and .’ ’In a political leader , a few psychopathic traits may not be a bad thing : Many of the traits we seek in leaders , such as fearlessness , dominant Behaviour , and immunity to stress , are found in psychopaths . Indeed , psychopaths are found in greater proportions among CEOs .   according to a study by Bond University psychologist Nathan Brooks . The background rate of psychopathy in the normal population is about 1%.’ ’The standard screening test for potential psychopaths is the Hare Psychopathy Checklist . In the test , a clinician interviews a potential sociopath and scores them on 20 criteria , such as " promiscuous sexual Behavior " or " impulsivity . " On each criterion , the subject is ranked on a    scale : ( 0 = item does not apply , 1 = item applies somewhat , 2 = item definitely applies ) . The scores are summed to create a rank of zero to 40 . Anyone who scores 30 and above is probably a psycho.’ " The test is supposed to be done by a professional psychologist but if you really want to take The test yourself   —    or make a layperson ’s guess at Trump ’s psychological makeup   —    keep scrolling : " ’(Answer : For sociopaths , the answer to this question is yes . ) ’ ’(Psychopaths do . ) ’ " ( Psychopaths ca n’t endure periods of the doldrums . ) " " ( Psychopaths do n’t care about the truth . ) " ’(Psychopaths often believe ’(Psychopaths can pull the strings of the dupes around ’(Psychopaths . ) ’ " ( Psychopaths do n’t feel bad when ’(Psychopaths do bad things . ) " ’(Psychopaths show a lack of emotions when an emotional reaction is appropriate . ) ’ " ( Psychopaths just do n’t care when bad things happen to other people . ) " ’(Psychopaths prefer not to work for a living . ’(Psychopaths feel it is easier to take stuff from other people . ) ’(Psychopaths ’(Psychopaths it difficult to keep themselves ’(Psychopaths check . ) ’ ’(Psychopaths like    stands . ) ’ ’(As children , psychopaths often have a history of cruelty to others . ) ’ ’(Psychopaths prefer crazy schemes over life or career goals . ) ’ ’(Psychopaths very , very impulsive . ) ’ " ( Psychopaths are n’t big on doing the right thing . ) " " ( When you ’re a psycho , it ’s always someone else ’s fault . ) " ’(Psychopaths have an inability to commit to , or repeatedly betray ,    relationships . ) ’ ’(Psychopaths ’ . ) ’ ’(Even when psychopaths catch a break   —    like being let out of prison on probation   —    they tend to screw up . ) ’ " ( Psychopaths differ from normal criminals because they do n’t they care which type of laws they break   they    they ’ll break they of them , under they right circumstances . ) " ’If you scored more than 30 ( i. e. you answered " somewhat " or " definitely " to most of these questions ) then you might be a psychopath.’ " If you scored lower than that   —    breathe easy . You ’re normal . " 
 