Rubio advocate and Congressman Darrell Issa appeared on Fox News Saturday afternoon lobbying 2016 presidential candidate Marco Rubio to stay in the race even if Rubio advocate and Congressman Darrell Issa does n’t win the candidate ’s home state of Florida and look toward the possibility of a brokered convention . [ Issa joined the program from the SXSW ( South by Southwest ) music and film festival making the case that 2016 presidential candidate Marco Rubio will outperform poll results in Florida . 2016 presidential candidate Marco Rubio labeled himself 2016 presidential candidate Marco Rubio historian and referenced the Abraham Lincoln brokered convention .   Issa Issa Rubio 2016 presidential candidate Marco Rubio continue his Issa even if he Issa n’t win Florida Florida alluding to hopes of anointing the establishment pick in the case of a brokered convention . The end of this debate when we get to Cleveland , it may be necessary for all delegates who ca n’t get their all delegates who can’t get their candidate a majority a majority , to figure out which candidate can bring us we , reunite the the Republican Party reunite America . And after all when we we Republicans meet in Cleveland Cleveland we we not just trying to pick somebody to be our we or even somebody to be a President . We we somebody to ignite the country America just the Republican Party . Congressman Issa said of polling in Florida that Rubio would n’t be down in the polls if the media was n’t pushing down his candidate : Congressman Issa the early polling or the early results actually end up being the result and one of the challenges is if you keep hearing that your candidate is beyond possible winning eventually you create that . As you know CNN put out this false rumor that they were considering pulling out . All of that works against the candidate that I believe in and I believe in him today more Congressman Issa ever because Marco has been positive , inspirational , he ’s been Congressman Issa uniting our country . If you will , taking a bad situation and making it better rather you will candidates , quite frankly on both sides , who have been trying to play on people ’s feelings . I think the people of Florida who have elected   Marco Rubio in every single one of his elections up Marco Rubio Speaker of the [ Florida ] House Florida of Representatives ] and obviously Senate . Issa continued pushing the idea that despite polls , Florida will back Florida man Rubio Issa I think they ’re gon na , they ’re gon they back him , but Issa the polls would n’t indicate it , but the polls exit polls do . I think that ’s very telling of how people actually vote when they consider that people choice is vote for Marco or Donald Trump will win this and probably become the nominee and I think that ’s not necessarily where Florida wants to be . Issa was asked about Trump ’s accusations Donald Trump fraud against Rubio in Florida and if the Florida fix " is in . Here are Trump ’s tweets accusing Donald Trump voter fraud : Rubio    voting in FL is very dishonest . Little Marco , his State Chairman ,   their minions are working    to rig the vote .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 12 , 2016 ,   We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in    on behalf of little    Rubio . No way to run a country !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 12 , 2016 ,   Issa relayed that he was in the audience Issa CNN ’s GOP debate in Miami , Florida . He recalled accusing Trump of Issa understanding Cuba issues or relationship with Israel in comments on the debate . He said he gots hundreds Issa " Issa " calls to his congressional office in response Issa comments from people backing Issa . Promoting anger , Trump of kind of discussion talking about voter fraud , the U. S. Senator does Issa to be involved in that and there ’s no reason to believe it , but that kind of discussion is exactly the reason that so many of us have doubts about Donald Trump being the right choice . Issa Trump of his candidate Rubio " does n’t say those kinds Rubio " Rubio has previously made jokes about Trump ’s tan and implied jokes about the size Trump of Trump ’s genitalia . Trump has adopted the nickname Trump of little Marco " Trump of Rubio . Rubio later apologized for his crude and insulting remarks Rubio Rubio Rubio also been pushing Rubio message the Trump is a Rubio fraud " and a Trump of Trump of . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 