’’ " Fresh off strong     performances on the 2016 presidential primary ’s biggest night , both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are pivoting to focus on a    matchup that is beginning to look more and more likely . " ’Both candidates won several primary and caucus contests Tuesday . Hillary Clinton has long been the presumed Democratic nominee for president , and Donald Trump is the clear Republican frontrunner.’ ’A little after midnight EST on Wednesday , ’Both candidates had won seven states.’ ’Clinton won Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Massachusetts Tennessee , Texas , and Virginia . Trump won Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Massachusetts , Tennessee , Vermont , and Virginia Virginia with Alaska yet to be called on the GOP side.’ ’In their victory speeches , the two   for the potential faceoff in the months ahead.’ ’"Instead of building walls , we’’re going to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity and empowerment so every American can live up to his or her Clinton , " Clinton said , in an implicit attack on Trump’ ’s calls to build a wall on the southern border of the US to combat illegal immigration.’ ’She also took a shot at Trump’ Trump’ slogan , " Make America Great Again . " ’ ’"We know we’’ve got work to do . It’ ’s not to make America great America , " Clinton said . " America never America being great . We have to make America whole America .. and fill in what’ ’s been hollowed out . " ’ " Trump . He charged ’ ’"We know Clinton was Clinton capable of fixing America ’s America " ’"I watched Hillary’ ’s speech and she’ ’s talking about , ’’ Wages have been poor , and everything’ ’s poor , and everything’ ’s doing everything’ , but we’’re going to make it . ’’ She’ ’s been she’ for so long , " Trump said , referring to Clinton’ ’s long career in government.’ ’"I mean , if she hasn’’t straightened Trump out by now , she’ ’s not she’ to straighten it out in it next four years , " he added . she’ It’ ’s just going to become worse and worse . " ’ ’’ " Trump then responded Trump to Clinton ’s attack on his campaign slogan Trump " ’"She wants to make America whole again , and I’’m trying to figure out what is that all about , " Trump said . Trump ’’ Make America Great Again America is going to be much better than making America whole again America " ’ ’Trump dinged his Republican opponents ’ ’Trump but he took particular ’ ’Trump at Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida . He boasted about ’ ’Trump chances against ’ ’Trump , suggesting that if he and Clinton ’ ’Trump the Clinton nominees for their respective parties he and Clinton it would be an " easy race . " ’ ’"Once we get all of this finished , I’’m going to go after one person . That’ ’s Hillary Clinton , " Trump said.’ ’"And I think that’ ’s frankly going to be an easy race , " he added . " You see the polls . I beat Hillary in many polls . " ’ " Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas won two states on Tuesday   —    Oklahoma and Texas   — Texas and   to Trump , who still does n’t have much support from the party ’s establishment . " ’’ ’But it will be difficult for any Republican challenger to stop Trump , who is   to snag his party’ ’s nomination . Rubio   about whether he was in Rubio   denial " about a potential path to the nomination.’ ’Bernie Sanders , the independent senator from Vermont who is still in the running for the Democratic nomination , also had a relatively strong night by winning four states . But he suffered a Rubio   symbolic loss in Massachusetts , which neighbors his home state Rubio   Vermont , and Vermont walked out of the night with a huge delegate lead.’ ’Sanders argued that he could still Rubio   ’’ ’’ ’Fresh off strong     performances . .. ’ 
 