SAN DIEGO , California   —    Republican Rep. Darrell Issa retains Republican Rep. Darrell Issa seat in the U. S. House of Representatives , despite an aggressive challenge from Democrat Doug Applegate . [ Hours after polls closed in California and results began pouring in , Republican Rep. Darrell Issa appeared poised to lose Republican Rep. Darrell Issa seat in the 49th district to Democrat Doug Applegate , but late in the night , as nationally it became evident that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would win the race for President of the United States , Republican Rep. Darrell Issa pulled ahead in Republican Rep. Darrell Issa fight to save Republican Rep. Darrell Issa own seat .   As of 10:24 a. m. PT on Wednesday morning and 100 percent of 511 voting precincts partially reporting , Republican Rep. Darrell Issa pulled out a 51 . 1 percent win to Applegate ’s 48 . 9 percent . The California Secretary of State logged 93 , 684 votes for Republican Rep. Darrell Issa and 89 , 704 for Applegate at that time , a difference of less than 4 , 000 votes . Republican Rep. Darrell Issa ’s served nearly sixteen years in Congress . In October , President Barack Obama helped Applegate raise cash at a minimum $    fundraiser in La Jolla , California , according to CNN . President Barack Obama mocked Trump and Issa at the time on a number of fronts including deriding Issa ’s offer of prayers at the annual White House Christmas party . CNN reported that President Barack Obama impersonated the prayer jibing , " Please change this man from the socialist Muslim . " With the results of California ’s June primary election the results of California’s June primary election became clear that Issa’s seat was in peril .   Issa received 50 . 8 percent of the vote to Applegate ’s 45 . 5 percent . No party preference candidate Ryan Glenn Wingo received 3 . 7 percent of the primary election vote . Under California California    primary system only Issa and Applegate Applegate on , leaving Wingo ’s supporters up for grabs . Back in February Issa warned that Donald Trump , not yet the Republican presidential nominee , could be the next Rep. Todd Akin whose comment about women contributed to the loss of his congressional seat . Issa heavily backed Florida Sen. Marco Rubio for president . Rubio Florida Sen. Marco Rubio lost the Republican presidential primary election in his Florida Sen. Marco Rubio state and dropped out of the race . In March Issa suggested a brokered Republican National convention for then presidential candidate Rubio . Trump ’s closest primary election competitor Sen. Ted Cruz dropped out of the race in May. With only Trump in the the race Issa endorsed Trump , the then presumptive Republican presidential nominee . Despite support from Obama for Applegate and a cash infusion , the Democrats were not able to flip the seat . San Diego Rep. Duncan Hunter , an early endorser of Trump , easily Trump    to the U. S. House of Representatives in his district , the U. S. House of Representatives 50th , on Tuesday night . He won with the U. S. House of Representatives . 2 percent to Democrat opponent Patrick Malloy ’s 35 . 8 percent . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 