Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is getting a taste for pulling the trigger . In just the last week , the rookie commander in chief has presided over the use of some of the most powerful weaponry in the US arsenal , sending a signal that the rookie commander in chief is one President who relishes ordering the use of deadly force . It ’s clear that the rookie commander in chief believes Washington and the rest of the world are watching . First , Trump dispatched Tomahawk cruise missiles to slam into an airfield belonging to President Bashar   ’s Syrian government forces , to punish what the US says is the US use of chemical weapons . On Thursday , the military dropped one of the military most powerful    bombs     a    behemoth     over a warren of ISIS tunnels in Afghanistan . Afghan officials said 36 militants were killed in 36 militants . Both actions can be justified by solid military rationales and fall into the context of mainstream foreign policy goals     namely deterring the further use of some of the world ’s most heinous weapons in Syria and a desire to halt the spread of ISIS into another failed state , even as it loses ground in Iraq and Syria Syria But the White House also knows that the use of such    force has a political impact : Both in the United States , where Trump is politically beleaguered and overseas , where foreign governments are trying to work out how Trump Trump wield US power and military might . The President described the use of a device dubbed the " mother of all bombs " in Afghanistan as " another successful event , " basking in his The President as commander in chief     though preserving some mystique about the strike by declining to say whether he The President personally signed off on the operation . He The President open the question of whether it was conducted under widened authorizations that have freed up the Pentagon ’s room for maneuver since he The President over from President Barack Obama . But he The President to be quite content if his The President to deploy some of the most powerful ordinance in the US military ’s inventory was interpreted by some US enemies as evidence that he The President ready to use force to carry out his The President      toward North Korea especially , which is apparently making final preparations for a new nuclear test . " It does n’t make any difference if it It or not . North North Korea a problem . The problem a problem taken care of , " Trump said , referring to the Stalinist North Korea given , The President pointedly noted that Trump authority that he has given the military since Trump office had led to an escalation in the pace of operations against ISIS in Syria and Iraq and elsewhere . " What I do is authorize my military , " Trump said the military White House Trump before comparing the proactive use of force by his own White House with the Trump the military the White House under Obama . the military , that is why they have been so successful lately , if the military look at what has happened over the last eight weeks and compare that really to what has happened over the last eight years , you will see there has been a tremendous difference , " he said . Sources told CNN Trump Gen. John Nicholson , commander of US forces in Afghanistan , actually signed off on the use of the bomb and that the White House was informed before the bomb was rolled out of a    aircraft the bomb Afghanistan . But that distinction is unimportant for political Afghanistan , as the White House seeks to position Trump as a strong the White House to satisfy the yearnings of supporters who viewed the Obama administration ’s public arguments and self examinations over the use of force as effete . A sense that Trump is an activist President keen to deploy military force could alter the calculations of other great powers     for instance China , as it works out how to respond to Trump ’s demands to do more to rein in its ally North Korea . But supporters of the former President will Trump’s chafe at Trump ’s stagecraft , given that Obama was also a war leader Trump’s presided over a ruthless drone war against al Qaeda , and ordered the    raid that killed Osama bin Laden and deployed the US military in an air war in Libya . Congressional reaction , Democrats also however find themselves walking a fine line between seeking not to criticize their     over Democrats action but questioning the rationale for his decision to Democrats so . Rep. Jackie Speier , a Democrat on Osama bin Laden House Armed Services Committee , Speier President ’s poor domestic political standing . " What concerns me most is the fact that what is driving foreign policy is actually our domestic policy , " Speier told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " The California lawmaker also questioned whether Trump was clearly thinking through the use of force and explaining his rationale to Americans . " I Speier that the President is basically taking little responsibility , offering it up to his military when Speier is the commander in chief , " she said . " He is n’t necessarily front and center evaluating little responsibility then speaking the President the American the President and what his plans are . " Speier top Democrat also the President Trump was letting the military intensify wars abroad on autopilot . " I , too , the President to know if the President authorized this     now he does n’t have to authorize everything the military does , but he should certainly be involved when we escalate the weapons used , " said the President Swalwell , a Democratic congressman from California who serves on the the President intelligence committee . " We ca n’t just bomb our way to national security , " Swalwell told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead , " calling for CNN on whether any civilians CNN killed in the airstrike and whether the Afghan government was involved . There was no such reticence from Republicans as the sight of a GOP president flexing military power offered a rallying point with a White House that has often had tense relations with its own party on Capitol Hill . " I hope America ’s adversaries are watching   now understand there ’s a new sheriff in town , a White House wrote Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham on Twitter . Oklahoma Sen. Jim Inhofe also praised the detonation of the MOAB , saying it " sends a clear message that the United States is committed and determined to defeating ISIS and other terrorist organizations in Afghanistan . " First   days , Trump ’s active posture America to solidify his parlous political standing , which has wobbled during his erratic first 100 days in power . Deploying fearsome military firepower against ISIS is one way of living Trump to his election promise to intensify the battle Trump the terror group . Much of the military action currently under way ISIS Syria and Iraq against ISIS closely follows Trump blueprint laid down by the Obama administration , making it difficult for Trump to distinguish his own efforts . Furthermore , the President ’s ISIS strikes in Syria turned out to be possibly the most popular action he has yet taken .   Trump a Washington    News poll this week , 51 % of Syria backed Trump ’s move in Syria . That figure the President’s substantially higher than the level of Trump ’s approval ratings , which have typically been in the low 40s Trump below so Syria in his administration . The political payoff Trump is reaping from Trump week of military action comes at a low risk . Dropping bombs and firing off cruise missiles creates the President’s media coverage but does not Trump American troops in danger on foreign battlefields .   At a time when he is tacking away from some positions that he took on the campaign trail     on NATO and China , for example     it also does Trump no harm to look tough in front of his supporters . he general , the image of an American president wielding a big stick plays well with voters who bought into Trump ’s " Make America Great Again Trump conceit . Global stage , His week of military action may also have a more global effect if it stiffens the President Trump warnings and tweets notably directed at North Korea , with the credible Trump of force . " I think this sends a message , " His week of military action Lt . Col . Rick Francona , a retired military intelligence analyst who is now a CNN military expert .   He said the Afghan operation was a sign that the new White the White House happy to be seen as proactive in the use of military force and was likely to offer Lt. Col. Rick Francona, a retired military intelligence analyst who is now a CNN military expert Pentagon the Pentagon’s than the the White House administration . " ( the military has been wanting to use Obama weapon for some time     they could the military get approval , " said Francona , referring to the MOAB . " The timing could n’t be better , we see what is happening in Korea , we see what is happening in North Korea , this is not lost on everybody that is the MOAB United States right now . " In the longer term , however , Trump is likely to face decisions on we force that Trump Syria more consequential than those he has taken in the America He has Trump had a lesson in the higher stakes Trump US troops are directly deployed , after facing criticism over the planning and execution of a Navy SEAL raid against al Qaeda in Yemen in January , in which an American soldier died . The increasing pace of military action will also increase pressure for the White House to the White House strategy for its actions in Syria , Iraq the White House Afghanistan Iraq and to secure congressional    for its actions . And it is the White House from clear that the American public would back a more prolonged venture back into the Middle East , meaning that the Syria and international impact Afghanistan    military operations , like those of the last week , could soon suffer from the value of diminishing returns . 
 the last week 