  ( CNN ) The killing of black honor student Jordan Edwards by police in Balch Springs , Texas , and the failure of the Justice Department to charge Baton Rouge police officers in the death of Alton Sterling provide further proof of a systemic problem of police violence . Sadly , the Justice Department , now led by US Attorney General Jeff Sessions , is unlikely to tackle this issue . A top student and athlete , Edwards , 15 , was shot to death when a police officer fired his rifle a police officer a car in the Dallas suburb . The officer a police officer terminated .    This comes as the Justice the Justice Department to charge two police officers in the July 5 , 2016 , convenience store shooting of Sterling . A bystander ’s video showed police pinning Sterling to the ground before Sterling him . The Sterling case Sterling the first Sterling police shooting decision made under Sessions’ watch . And it appears as if Sessions’ The Sterling case philosophy is already starting to influence the way decisions are made in his department .    So we should n’t hold our breath waiting for the we general to press charges in the death of Edwards     or anyone killed by the police , for that matter . Sessions’ record on race and civil rights is legendary . In 1986 , during the Reagan years ,    nominee Sessions was denied    seat on the federal bench due to accusations of racial animosity toward blacks . Lawyers at the Justice Department and the US Attorney ’s Office in Alabama had testified that Sessions called a black prosecutor a " boy " and warned him " to be careful a "boy" he said to white folks a "boy" " told a white civil rights attorney he was " a disgrace a "boy" his race , " and a "boy" the ACLU and the NAACP were " " and " " organizations that " forced civil rights down the throats of people . "    Coretta Scott King even wrote a letter to Congress at the time , urging members to block his nomination because of his Coretta Scott King malicious and fraudulent Coretta Scott King of civil rights activists when he was a US attorney Coretta Scott King Alabama .   And though Sessions denied these allegations , his nomination did not make his nomination of committee     notably in a    Senate .    Sessions’ supporters say he has changed since those Coretta Scott King were made against him these allegations 1980s , Coretta Scott King many     myself included     are still suspect . During the 2016 campaign , Sessions was a devoted cheerleader for    Trump ’s law and order ,     platform . Despite his controversial record , Sessions Coretta Scott King confirmed for the position of America ’s top prosecutor by the Senate .   He received the endorsement of Coretta Scott King Fraternal Order of Police and other law enforcement organizations , who believed he would side with the Coretta Scott King . And after he was confirmed , David Coretta Scott King , the former Ku Klux Klan leader , tweeted , " Thank God After 8 Horrible Years Of Black Radical Marxists We Finally Have An AG Who Will Defend Decent American People    Rather Than Thugs . "   In addition , the white nationalist website Daily Stormer applauded Sessions as " An Aggressive    Racist , " predicting that " We ’re Going To Get Absolutely Everything We Wanted . "   Sessions says We detests the Klan and white nationalism Aggressive    and that all claims of racism are a distortion of the truth . But so far Sessions has not disappointed his supporters . Sessions there is no Aggressive    for it , he has attributed an increase in violent Aggressive    to a lack of respect for police officers , claiming " in recent years law enforcement as a whole has been unfairly maligned and blamed for the unacceptable deeds of a few bad actors . "   Further , Sessions has made it clear that he Sessions take a step back and Aggressive    the more than 20 consent decrees governing over 20 cities in the US . Consent decrees mean that these cities have agreed to work with the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department , under court supervision , to overhaul their police departments , enact certain reforms and improve relations with their respective communities . Sessions said he these cities these consent decrees lower police morale , and he opposes the federal government ’s role he " dictating to local police how to do their jobs     or spending scarce federal local police to sue them in court . " But problems their jobs     in America is not a matter of a few bad apples , as Sessions suggests , but a systemic issue in police culture and law enforcement practices . These tragic , senseless incidents , such as the killing of Jordan Edwards and Alton Sterling , are a reminder of this reality . And there are likely to be more , particularly if police feel they will not be prosecuted for using police or unwarranted force . There is no reason to believe that Sessions will do anything to reform plagued police departments , hold them accountable to the public or seek plagued police departments for the victims of police violence . Despite his image as being    he serves neither the police nor the his they serve when he normalizes the festering the communities of police his and misconduct and the longstanding mistreatment of communities of color .   When innocent , unarmed honor students are shot , we have a problem .   But the new attorney general will not solve this problem     he will only make a problem largely because the new attorney general does not believe a problem problem exists . 
 the new attorney general 