Washington ( CNN ) Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Wednesday Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham does n’t know whether Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton would be a better commander in chief for the United States . " You know , I really do n’t know , " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room " when asked who Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham believed would do a better job . " At the end of the day , if you ’re not worried about Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton president of Hillary Clinton States , you ’re the United States at both of them , " Graham said . Graham elaborated you’re not worried about Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton being president of the United States he believed Clinton is " Graham , " Graham that Trump Donald Trump wrong about how to handle the Mideast .   Trump Donald Trump for military spending increase , " I think her Donald Trump is very much flawed when it comes to understanding the Mideast , " the South Carolinian said the Mideast Donald Donald Trump it is better for dictators to be in power rather than support people who want to have more social justice and have more of a Democratic life . I think Mr. Trump , quite frankly , that the young people in the Mideast are not going to live in dictatorships for the Mideast anymore . " But Graham , a leading foreign policy hawk on Capitol Hill , also said he preferred Clinton ’s national security plan over Trump ’s because Graham, a leading foreign policy hawk on Capitol Hill liked the idea of " a safe haven inside of Graham, a leading foreign policy hawk on Capitol Hill . " " The thing I object to about Donald Trump is that he wants to keep ( Syrian President Trump ) in power Trump " Graham said . " The one thing I want your viewers to know from my point of view     you ’ll never end the war in Syria if you leave Assad in power . .. So Mr. Trump Syria your view that you can solve the war in Syria and end it by leaving Assad in power the war in Syria is fatally flawed . " the war in Syria says he Assad Obama born in US , Later , Blitzer asked Graham whether Trump owes President Barack Obama an apology for the birther controversy he ’s fueled . " I think so , " Graham responded . " I he n’t believe he ’s a Muslim and I do Graham believe he was born in Kenya . Graham If you really do believe this President was Graham in Kenya , then I ’m not so sure I want Graham be my President . Kenya Earlier on Wednesday , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said he believes Obama was born in the US , drawing a clear distinction with his running Indiana Gov. Mike Pence on the issue . " I believe Barack Obama was born in Hawaii Indiana Gov. Mike Pence I accept his birthplace . I just do n’t Obama he ’s coming from on foreign policy and Obama economics and on Obamacare , " Pence told Obama aboard his campaign plane just after it touched down here . 
 Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Obama his campaign plane 