Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos spoke at American University in Washington , D. C. yesterday , in a    event that was marked by Black Lives Matter protests and Melissa    attempts to harass journalists . [ At the start of Milo talk , Milo promised that for every unscheduled interruption from a protester , Milo would donate $ 20 to the Donald Trump campaign and $ 50 to the " Milo Yiannopoulos Privilege Grant , " a college bursary Milo recently set up for straight white males .    Sure enough , Yiannopoulos was soon interrupted by a protester wielding a placard . Yiannopoulos angry chants were quickly drowned out by audience members chanting " Trump ! Trump ! Trump ! " Yiannopoulos went on to explain why Yiannopoulos thought the left were so agitated by Yiannopoulos presence : " the left ’s been a while since the left has had a really significant challenger . It the left been a while since the left on campus had had somebody who can come in and blow open the basis of their identitarian political outlooks   —    that ’s me . " Yiannopoulos also hit out at mainstream conservatives . " For too long , conservatives , the conservative movement , conservative journalists , conservative politicians , anyone you may have looked up to in the conservative movement has been terrified of the the left " Yiannopoulos explained . " They ’ve conservatives, the conservative movement, conservative journalists, conservative politicians, anyone terrified of the left the left allegations of racism , they ’ve been conservatives, the conservative movement, conservative journalists, conservative politicians, anyone of the left ’s the left of sexism , they ’ve been terrified conservatives, the conservative movement, conservative journalists, conservative politicians, anyone the left ’s hoaxes . " Yiannopoulos later took questions from the audience . On Ted Cruz , Milo said that the presidential candidate looked like he " crawled out Milo a swamp . " On Donald Trump , Yiannopoulos said that the Yiannopoulos will have to come to terms with his supporters’ concerns . Yiannopoulos On homophobia , Yiannopoulos said that he Yiannopoulos only really Yiannopoulos it from other gay people when they discover he ’s other gay people conservative Yiannopoulos He calls those people Yiannopoulos faggots . " On Obama , he said that the Yiannopoulos has been a " disaster for race relations . " He added that black Yiannopoulos have " valid grievances " but that Black Lives Matter is " not the answer . " On free speech , Yiannopoulos said that beyond the incitement of violence and terrorism , free expression should be " absolute . " On cultural libertarianism , he said that its Yiannopoulos objective should cultural libertarianism to create an " open marketplace of ideas . " 
 