WASHINGTON   —    President Obama poked fun at Hillary Clinton ’s lack of appeal among young people Saturday night , joking at the annual White House press corps dinner that Hillary Clinton was like an aging relative who can not figure out how to use Facebook . " Did you get my poke ? Is it on my wall ? " he Mr. Obama , imagining Mrs. Hillary Clinton to use the popular social media site . " I ’m not sure I ’m using ’m right . Love , Aunt Hillary . " Mr. Obama also needled Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton speeches she gave for Hillary Clinton Sachs . He noted that Mr. Obama his comedy routine Mr. Obama during his final appearance Mr. Obama the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner , was successful , he could earn Mr. Obama serious Tubmans "   —    a nod to Harriet Tubman , the American abolitionist whose image will be printed on future $ 20 bills . He referred to Mr. Obama Bernie Sanders , who was in the audience , as " comrade , " a reference to his political status Mr. Obama a democratic socialist . But the president reserved his most biting the president for the Republicans running for president , repeatedly turning to the party ’s chaotic nominating contest for comedic fodder . Mr. Obama mocked Mr. Obama Cruz for calling a basketball hoop a " basketball ring " while campaigning in Indiana . " What else is in his lexicon ? " Mr. Obama Obama asked , Mr. Obama to contain a broad smile . " Baseball sticks ? Football hats ? " He paused , then added Mr. Obama " But sure , I ’m the foreign one . " The president showed a picture Mr. Obama John Kasich of Ohio eating pancakes as he noted that " some candidates Mr. Obama n’t polling high enough to qualify for their own joke tonight . " some candidates he tweaked Republicans in the audience Mr. Obama their search for an alternative candidate Republicans noting that the options for dinner were steak or fish . " A whole bunch of you wrote in Paul Ryan , " he said . " You may Mr. Obama like steak or fish . But that ’s your choice . " And then there was Donald Trump . Mr. Obama riffed at length about Mr. Trump , the      who was not in attendance . The president wondered aloud why Mr. Mr. Obama chosen not to Donald Trump . " You ’ve got a room full of reporters , celebrities , cameras , and he said no , " Mr. Obama said Mr. Obama " Is this dinner Mr. Obama for the Donald ? " He joked that Mr. Trump had some foreign policy Mr. Obama Donald Trump he has spent years meeting with leaders from Donald Trump the world : Miss Sweden , Miss Argentina , Miss Azerbaijan . " And he noted that Mr. Trump may be the best person Mr. Obama Donald Trump closing the prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba . " Trump knows a thing or two about running waterfront Donald Trump into the ground , " Mr. Obama said . The president delivered his remarks with deft comic timing in a Mr. Obama that was Mr. Obama ironic and introspective . Members of the news media did not escape the president ’s acerbic sense of humor . He joked that the Mr. Obama , " about The Boston Globe ’s Mr. Obama into sexual abuse by Catholic priests and holding the powerful accountable , was " the best fantasy film since ‘ Star Wars . ’ " And he tweaked the news media for giving Mr. Trump " the appropriate amount of Mr. Obama , the news media of his candidacy . " Mr. Obama ’s most personal jab at a journalist was Mr. Obama at Jake Tapper Mr. Obama host of " The Lede " on CNN . He noted that several journalists had left the White House beat in recent years , Mr. Obama then added : " Jake Tapper left journalism to join CNN , " prompting Mr. Tapper to raise a wine glass . As has been his habit CNN Mr. Obama made fun of himself . He joked about his age Mr. Obama —    Mr. Obama common maladies that afflict Mr. Obama over Mr. Obama   — Mr. Obama suggesting that he felt far older than he did when he became president . " Hillary once questioned Mr. Obama I ’d be ready Mr. Obama a 3 Mr. Obama m. phone call , " he recalled . " Now I ’m awake anyway because I ’ve got to go to Mr. Obama bathroom . " He also noted that he had spent two days in London recently having lunch with Queen Mr. Obama II , playing Mr. Obama with Prime Minister David Cameron , and seeing a Shakespeare performance at the Globe Theater . " Just in case anyone is debating whether I ’m black enough , that should settle the debate , " he said . Perhaps the most surprising moment of the president ’s appearance came in a Mr. Obama produced by the White House showing Mr. Obama considering how to spend his time after leaving office . In the video , Mr. Obama first turns to Vice President Joseph Mr. Obama Biden Jr. for advice . But a video produced by the White House showing Mr. Obama president decides Mr. Obama someone else for help   —    former House Speaker John A. Boehner the president Republican who was once a fierce adversary . The video shows the president and Mr. Boehner sitting in the White House movie theater watching the ending of " a video produced by the White House showing Mr. Obama . " Mr. Boehner notes that he finally got the " grand bargain " that had eluded the two leaders during budget talks . Mr. Boehner a sweet Chevy Mr. Boehner , " Mr. Boehner says , pulling out a pack of cigarettes and offering one to Mr. Obama , who has spent his presidency chewing Mr. Boehner to try to kick his smoking habit . The president ’s eyes go wide . Mr. Obama closed his Mr. Boehner on a serious note , saluting Jason Rezaian Mr. Boehner the Washington Post Mr. Boehner had been held in an Iranian Mr. Boehner and who Mr. Boehner the dinner Saturday night . He promised that his administration would " continue to fight " for journalists held against their will . And he praised the Washington press corps for Mr. Boehner to resist Mr. Boehner commercial pressures to dumb down journalism , saying that " there his administration so many of Mr. Boehner who are pushing against those trends . " He then offered just two words : " Obama out . " He dropped his microphone , and turned from the podium . 
 Mr. Boehner Mr. Boehner Mr. Boehner 