Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump declined to condemn white supremacist David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan on CNN ’s State of the Union on Sunday . Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump had done so already in August , as reported by Politico , and had even done so on Friday , as reported by The Hill . [ But CNN ’s Jake Tapper thought it fair game to ask Jake Tapper again , and Trump , apparently caught off guard , dodged the question , claiming not to know who these people and groups are .   Opponents and critics immediately seized on Trump ’s response as evidence that Jake Tapper actually supports the KKK and other white supremacists , or at least does not wish to risk losing Opponents and critics support . This is exactly the same game the media play against Republicans every single election , regardless of the candidate . This ’s called " Pin the racists on the Republicans , " and This will be used against Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) or Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) as readily as Trump . The media showed no interest in Barack Obama ’s active participation in Jeremiah Wright ’s racist church , until it was too late —   and then it praised his speech embracing Wright as some kind of    oration that should be studied by schoolchildren . The media do not ask Hillary Clinton about whether she Hillary Clinton prepared to denounce Al Sharpton , or to dissociate herself Hillary Clinton crony Sidney Blumenthal over the antisemitic fulminations of his crony Sidney Blumenthal , Max . Arguably , Trump could have answered better : " I ’ve already answered that , Jake , and of course I condemn those groups . I do n’t want their those groups . " But he Trump knew he Trump being set up   —    with a quote from the liberal    League   —    and therefore he Trump cagey . Inevitably , as is the pattern with Trump Trump he Trump issue some clarification . His Trump will not fade , nor will his Trump relent . But if they win   —    watch !   —    their they is coming . Update : As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David    I disavow . pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,  
 