HOUSTON , Texas   —    Jorge Ramos told a crowd of nearly 1 , 000 illegal aliens , DREAMERs and HOUSTON, Texas  —   Jorge Ramos supporters " I think you the DREAMers are the Rosa Parks of this time . " HOUSTON, Texas  —   Jorge Ramos was gathered to show support for President Obama ’s executive amnesty programs   —    Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans ( DAPA ) . Following the speeches , the group marched to the Harris County jail to protest the department ’s participation in the federal immigration program , 287 ( g ) . [ Jorge Ramos , immigrant and journalist for Fusion ’s America and Univision was there it was said to " inspire " illegal aliens and to tell them illegal aliens " release fear . "   Jorge Ramos : " Creo que ustedes los dreamers son los Rosa Parks de esta época’ https :   . @UniNoticias ,   —    Borja Echevarría ( @borjaechevarria ) June 11 , 2016 ,   Undocu mom is embraced by @jorgeramosnews after she Undocu mom he Undocu mom no longer afraid # UWDCongress # HereToStay # KSMODA ,   —    Robert Sagastume ( @bobsagastume ) June 11 , 2016 ,   beautiful inspiring moment of mother who thanks @jorgeramosnews @jorgeramosnews highlighting parents releasing fear # UWDCongress pic . twitter .    —    Flavia jimenez ( @flaviajim ) June 11 , 2016 ,   As reported by Breitbart News , Ramos has drawn attention to himself Ramos past months for his Ramos confrontations with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . Open borders Ramos Ramos whined about Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump claiming that deporting eleven million illegal aliens would cost the U. S. $ 137 billion .   Breitbart Texas was in the middle of the fray when protesters shouted"Here to Stay , " and " End 287 ( g ) . " They also protesters the phrase " criminal aliens . " And so 1 , 000 + undocumented immigrants   allies arrive arrive at Harris County Jail and    …      # UWDCongress pic . twitter .    —    Julieta Garibay ( @dreamelder ) June 11 , 2016 ,   A sea of protesters dressed in orange called for an end to 287 ( g ) . Black Lives Matter representatives called the policy " discriminatory . " END 287 G NOW ! ! ! # UWDCongress # HereToStay # FightForFamilies pic . twitter .    —    NAKASEC ( @nakasec ) June 11 , 2016 ,   # BlackLivesMatter Houston tells us : 287 g it ’s a discriminatory ! # UWDCongress # HereToStay pic . twitter .    —    UnitedWeDream . org ( @UNITEDWEDREAM ) June 11 , 2016 ,    They also org (@UNITEDWEDREAM) June 11, 2016,    " Black , Brown , Immigrant Power ! " and " No Justice , No Peace ! " No justice , no peace ! ! ! ! # UWDCongress pic . twitter .    —    Julieta Garibay ( @dreamelder ) June 11 , 2016 , The 287 ( g ) program is designed to help keep communities safe by identifying illegal aliens in the jail and having ICE officials detain them when identifying illegal aliens in the jail and having ICE officials detain them when they are released from the jail are identifying illegal aliens in the jail and having ICE officials detain them when they are released from the jail from the jail the jail from the Harris County Sheriff ’s Department stood in front of    protesters . Mounted patrol deputies were also on scene to help keep the peace . One of the speakers told the gathered crowd , " They have riot the gathered crowd standing in front of peaceful protesters . " The reality was that the police were riot police riot gear but were wearing helmets for their safety in case riot police was thrown . The crowd maintained the gathered crowd presence during the protest . Breitbart Texas also observed almost twenty ACLU legal observers . " We are here to make sure everyone ’s freedom of speech is protected , " one of the ACLU legal observers told Breitbart Texas . People are Breitbart Texas instill fear in the community . Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman told Breitbart Texas , " There are Breitbart Texas of misperceptions and disinformation about this program . " The Sheriff said the program only applies Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman who have this program arrested and are being detained in the jail . " There is a lot of fear mongering , " he said . One of the speakers at Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman rally told the crowd that his father was sent to an immigration detention Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman after being caught driving his car while intoxicated . Another speaker adamantly Harris County Sheriff Ron Hickman that no criminal should be deported . " They are attaching the word ‘ criminal’ to ‘ no criminal should be deported to try and divide us . The people behind these bars are still our people , " she said of those imprisoned in the Harris County jail . A statement obtained from the Harris County Sheriff ’s Office ( HCSO ) by Breitbart Texas said the department is sensitive to the concerns of the community about the 287 ( g ) program and the HCSO ’s partnership with Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) .   " The controversy surrounding the program has a legitimate history reflected in public the 287( g) program and the HCSO’s partnership with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) concern . " Hickman said this is why he has worked with the local ICE Enforcement and Removal Hickman Office to " rigorously evaluat[e ] to assuage the concerns of community groups . " " Harris County officials at every level have repeatedly set the record straight regarding the realities of the program . " The Department added , " We are working hard with County , State and Federal The Department , to clear up misperceptions and confusion surrounding the use of the 287 ( g ) program . " Officials want to make clear that " the system only operates ‘ inside’ the jail itself and people in the community have nothing to fear from normal contacts with law enforcement . Only inmates with select priority crimes are referred to ICE , " they said . To support this statement , the HCSO Only inmates with select priority crimes that : While the 287 ( g ) program was initiated by a the 287( g) program actually expanded under the administration of Democrat Sheriff Adrian Garcia . According the 287( g) program HCSO , " Gone are the days where habeas corpus concerns arise from the controversial the HCSO program . " In years past , the Harris County Sheriff ’s the 287( g) program request for detention by holding inmates for up to 48 hours after their scheduled release from local custody . We have disbanded that practice . ICE now operates a daily transportation system from inmates Harris County Jail , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , including holidays . If ICE has interest in the detention of a priority individual the onus is on that agency to take custody of the ICE . If ICE fails to retrieve inmates with detention notifications , the Harris ICE ’s Office will process the release of the inmate ICE scheduled . " A spokesman for the Sheriff ’s Department said that past concerns also addressed the application of detainers on    detainees . He said the process the Harris County Sheriff’s detainees the opportunity to make bond regardless of their immigration status . He added that this was A spokesman for the Sheriff’s Department important step to applying equal and fair treatment to all detainees of the Harris County Sheriff ’s bond . The HCSO A spokesman for the Sheriff’s Department release stated , " It is true that we continue to work with ICE . Ultimately this is a program designed to protect the public from the most violent of offenders with histories of immigration violations . " As examples , the HCSO cited Victor Reyes , who last year went on a killing spree throughout Houston and Harris County , wounding two and killing two . The HCSO illegal alien ultimately engaged a Sheriff ’s Deputy in a gun battle where Reyes was shot and killed . As reported by Breitbart Texas , Reyes had a lengthy criminal history , and had previously been deported on multiple occasions . " To date we continue to cooperate with ICE to evaluate our Reyes to be responsive to community concerns . We continue to examine ways in which we can continue to answer the calls from the community , and we the public safe through federal partnerships . " we to the HCSO , in 2014 we the average number of detainers per month was 324 . 75 . The average number of subsequent deportations per month was 17 . 25 . In 2015 , the average number of detainers per month was 152 . 5 , and there were 13 . 9 subsequent deportations per month . Breitbart Texas reported in    that Sheriff Hickman met with    activists and stood strongly in support of his jail programs that cooperate with immigration officials to deport criminal illegal aliens . Hickman met with representatives of United We Dream , an Hickman that seeks to Sheriff Hickman all deportations , and with local immigration attorneys and other community members . Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Texas her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . Bob Price serves as associate editor and Breitbart Texas news contributor Lana Shadwick Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas a member of the original Breitbart Texas Breitbart Lana Shadwick Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Breitbart Texas Texas a member of the original Breitbart Texas team 