The traditional goal of a presidential nominee is to win the presidency and then serve as president . Donald J. Trump is not a traditional candidate for president . Presented in a recent interview with a scenario , floating around the political ether , in which a presidential nominee proves all the naysayers wrong , beats Hillary Clinton and wins the presidency , the presidency forgo the office as the ultimate    winner , Mr. Trump flashed a Donald J. Trump . " I ’ll let you know how I feel about it after it happens , " he it minutes before leaving Donald J. Trump Trump Tower office to Donald J. Trump to a campaign rally in New Hampshire . It is , of course , entirely possible that Mr. Trump is playing coy Donald J. Trump more news coverage . But the notion of the intensely competitive Mr. Trump ’s being more interested in winning the presidency than serving as president is not exactly a foreign concept to close observers of this presidential race . Early in the contest , his rivals , Republican operatives and many reporters questioned the seriousness of his candidacy . His knack for his controversy out his thin air ( this week ’s edition : the Star of David Twitter post ) and his inclination toward    comments did his instill confidence in a political culture that values    discipline in its candidates . Those doubts dissipated    Mr. Trump vanquished his Republican opponents and locked up Mr. Trump nomination . " I ’ve actually done very well , " Mr. Trump said . " We Mr. Trump people , right ? " But as the race has turned toward the general election and a majority of polls have shown Mr. Trump trailing Mrs. Clinton , speculation Mr. Trump crept into political conversations in Washington , New York and elsewhere that Mr. Trump will seek an exit strategy before Mr. Trump to avoid a humiliating loss . Now the general election refusing to rule out an even more Mr. Trump departure , one that would let him avoid the grueling job of governing , return Mr. Trump his business and enjoy his    status as a Mr. Trump media celebrity . Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump ’s noncommittal comment , Stuart Stevens , Mr. Trump adviser to Mitt Romney in 2012 Mr. Stevens con man who is shocked his Mr. Trump n’t been called " and that he was looking Mr. Trump an emergency exit . " He has no Mr. Trump of how to govern , " Mr. Stevens Mr. Trump . " He ca n’t even put together a campaign . " Even Mr. Trump ’s supporters acknowledge that his past campaigns had the air Mr. Trump tour . That impression lingers Mr. Trump Mr. Stevens recent Trump news release promising " a speech regarding the election " prompted many reporters Mr. Trump political fortunetellers to predict a declaration of his departure . But just the fact that a routine news release prompted paroxysms Mr. Trump conjecture throughout the political universe suggested that , as Mr. Trump might say , " there ’s something going on . " Mr. Mr. Trump campaign and his supporters dismiss the talk as the fantasizing of frightened Mr. Trump establishment figures . " Mr. Trump ’s not going to pull out , " said Thomas Barrack Jr. a financier and real Mr. Trump investor who is a close friend of Mr. Trump ’s . He compared Mr. Trump ’s candidacy to an innovative    company : " Mr. Trump see disruption when Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump In Mr. Trump ’s case , the disruption is everywhere . Last fall , he said in television interviews that if Mr. Trump in the Republican primary polls , he could very well return Mr. Trump’s candidacy to an innovative   company Mr. Trump business . In    amid an Mr. Trump of negative disruption , he joked to Mr. Trump crowd that he would consider Mr. Trump the race for $ 5 billion . On the off chance he Mr. Trump is planning to back out Mr. Trump what would happen ? Alexander Keyssar , a historian at Harvard who is working Mr. Trump a book about the Electoral College , said the process of succession would depend on " the precise moment at which he said , ‘ Nah , never mind . ’ " The party representatives who make up the Electoral College would suddenly have real power rather than a rubber stamp . If Mr. Trump bowed out after winning on Nov. 8 Alexander Keyssar, a historian at Harvard who is working on a book about the Electoral College before the electors met in each state to cast their ballots on Dec. 19 , then the Electoral College have the opportunity to vote for another candidate , Professor Keyssar said . A majority of the 538 electors would be Republicans , but they might not agree on the best alternative candidate the electors If no one won a majority the electors electors , the contest between the top three     —    one of whom would presumably be Mrs. Clinton   —    would go to the A majority of the 538 electors of Representatives , where each state would be given one vote , while the Senate would the electors vice president . House Republicans hold 33 states to the Democrats’ 14 , with three evenly split . It is unclear whether the vote would take place before or after newly elected representatives were seated . It is also unclear what would happen , Professor Keyssar said , if Mr. Trump bid adieu after the electoral votes were cast but before they were officially counted , per the 12th Amendment , by the president of the Senate before a joint session of Congress in January . And if Mr. Trump left after the votes were counted in Congress but before he was sworn in on Jan. the electoral votes were cast , Professor Keyssar said the closest guidance would probably come from Section Three of the 20th Amendment : " If , at the time fixed for Mr. Trump of the term the electoral votes president , the    Congress have Mr. Trump , the vice    shall become president . " " Nothing like this has ever happened , " Professor Keyssar said . And nothing like it will this year , Mr. Trump ’s supporters say . " It ’s going to be too late by then , " Roger Stone , Mr. Trump ’s longtime political adviser , said of the      theory . " Professor Keyssar got elected president , he ’d certainly serve . I ’m fairly certain about that . You think he ’d resign ? I do n’t see that happening . There is only Mr. Trump’s the Donald Trump show , and that ’s Donald Trump . " Russell Verney Mr. Trump’s a former top strategist Mr. Trump’s Ross Perot , the Texas billionaire who abruptly pulled out of the 1992 Mr. Trump’s , only to    and win 19 percent of the vote , said that outsider candidates were more vulnerable to questions about their resolve Mr. Trump’s It never would be a subject raised with Romney and others , because the presidency is the ultimate goal of their entire professional career , " said Mr. Verney , who conferred with Mr. Trump during his exploration of a presidential run in 2000 , during which outsider candidates he said , Mr. Trump expressed reservations about selling his casinos to fund his campaign . " Donald Trump has not worked toward Romney and others president every day of his professional career . " Mr. Trump ’s supporters point out Mr. Trump he has begun adopting the more traditional trappings of a presidential Mr. Trump : a Mr. Trump , policy ideas , prepared Mr. Trump . " This Mr. Trump silly , " Mr. Trump Spicer , a spokesman for the Republican National Committee , Mr. Trump has tried hard to Mr. Trump campaign more professional . " He Mr. Trump in it to win it . "   But the only person who could truly put any doubts to rest seemed instead to relish the idea of keeping everyone guessing , concluding the recent conversation with a you’     grin and handshake across his cluttered desk . " We ’ll do plenty of Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump promised it . " O. K. ? " 
 Mr. Trump Trump 