Donald J. Trump made an audacious attempt on Wednesday to remake Donald J. Trump image on the divisive issue of immigration , shelving Donald J. Trump plan to deport 11 million undocumented people and arguing that a Trump administration and Mexico would secure the border together . In a spirited bid for undecided American voters to see Donald J. Trump anew , Donald J. Trump swept into Mexico City to make overtures to a nation he Donald J. Trump repeatedly denigrated , then flew to Phoenix to outline in his Donald J. Trump bullying tone his Donald J. Trump priorities on immigration . Yet the juxtaposition of Mr. Donald J. Trump dual performances was so jarring that his true Donald J. Trump and intentions on immigration were hard to discern . He displayed Donald J. Trump almost unrecognizable demeanor during his afternoon Donald J. Trump Mexico , appearing measured and diplomatic , while hours later he took Donald J. Trump stage at his campaign Donald J. Trump and denounced illegal immigrants on the whole as a criminally minded and dangerous group that sows terror in communities and commits murders , rapes and other heinous violence . Mr. Trump ’s mixed messages on whom he would Mr. Trump and when , and how the government would go about removing people from the country , were further muddled by the incendiary language in the Phoenix speech   —    a deliberate effort by campaign advisers to draw attention to his criticism Mr. Trump illegal immigrants rather than the specifics of his plan Mr. Trump In his speech the Phoenix speech   Trump Mr. Trump to depict himself as an Mr. Trump of average workers , saying their economic interests were average workers more important than the needs of undocumented workers . But he left unclear Mr. Trump would happen to those millions of illegal immigrants , saying only that " the appropriate disposition of those individuals " will take place at some future date after the criminals are deported and his border wall Mr. Trump built . Deporting all illegal immigrants had been his signature political Mr. Trump for much of the presidential race , but his caustic tone Mr. Trump harsh approach has turned off many Republicans and independents , particularly women . His language was Mr. Trump fiery in Phoenix , yet he also said Mr. Trump the fate of most illegal immigrants would be handled humanely , and not right away . " That discussion can only take place in an atmosphere in which illegal immigration is a memory of the past , no longer with us , allowing us to weigh the us options available based on the new circumstances at the time , " Mr. Trump said , using the sort of vague phrasing that he once criticized . Mr. Trump had Mr. Trump gambled quite Mr. Trump . Aiming to appear statesmanlike , he traveled to politically hostile Mr. Trump to meet with a president who might have surprised him with a rebuke , Mr. Trump he also risked support from Mr. Trump conservatives who do not want him cozying up to Mexico Mr. Trump softening his immigration plans . The Mr. Trump to Mexico City was not without snags . Standing beside President Peña Nieto , Mr. Trump indicated that he Trump a punch and Trump not to discuss his campaign promise to compel Mexico Trump pay for the wall Mexico Yet Mr. Peña Nieto saw it somewhat President Peña Nieto later on Twitter that at the start of their meeting , " I made it clear that Mexico will not pay for the Mexico . " Mr. Peña Nieto did the wall Mr. Trump President Peña Nieto conference , however , and Mexican officials said that the two men did not dwell on the wall and that their meeting was conciliatory . Still , the wall to Hillary Clinton the two men Democratic nominee , accused Mr. Trump of lying , and the Trump campaign issued a statement saying Mr. Trump meeting was " not a negotiation Mr. Trump and that " it is their meeting they hold two different views on this issue . " their meeting Phoenix , Mr. Trump campaign advisers to Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee to Mr. Peña Nieto with the hectoring language that has long been Mr. Trump his strategy to whip up his crowds . " Mexico will pay for the wall , Mr. Trump me   —    Mr. Trump percent   —    they do n’t know it yet , but they will pay for the wall , " Mr. Trump said . " They ’re great they , and great the wall but they Mr. Trump for the wall . " they Trump had billed the Phoenix speech as a major they on immigration , the wall Republican Mr. Trump voters had hoped for more clarity about his positions . Mr. Trump outlined several steps that he would take to deport criminals and those who Mr. Trump their visas Mr. Trump    sanctuary cities , while Mr. Trump that " the one route and only route " for others to obtain legal status would be " to return home and apply for   . " " We will treat everyone living or residing in our country with great dignity   —    so important , " Mr. Trump said , noting that the status of most illegal immigrants was no longer a " core issue " for him . Mr. Trump also invited a group of Americans to the stage who , one by one , shared the Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump they said were killed by illegal immigrants and insisted that only Mr. Trump could protect the country by securing its borders and moving swiftly to deport immigrants with criminal records . Yet Mr. Trump fiery language and stagecraft , it was far the country clear if Mr. Trump ’s most ardent supporters would stick by him as he moves away from his original    policy on immigration , or if Mr. Trump win over many undecided voters with his new Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump went Mr. Trump great lengths to urge voters to view the Mr. Trump race as an epochal moment . " Mr. Trump are in the middle Mr. Trump jobs crisis , a border crisis , and a terrorism crisis , " he said . " This election is our last chance to secure the border , stop illegal immigration , and reform our laws to make your Mr. Trump better . This is it . We wo n’t get another opportunity   —    it will be too late . " The whirlwind day started after Mr. Trump accepted an invitation from Mr. Peña Nieto to meet him at the presidential palace to discuss economic and border concerns . For the most part they managed to sidestep combustible issues and ignore raging hostility Mr. Peña Nieto average Mexicans . Mr. Trump has called them rapists and drug dealers , and he did not apologize for those remarks during a joint news conference when a reporter Mr. Trump for any regrets they Instead , as an impassive Mr. Mr. Trump Nieto looked on , Mr. Trump sounded conciliatory themes about working together to improve border Mr. Trump . Gone , at least for this foreign trip , were the threats about American Mr. Trump superiority that have defined Mr. Trump ’s candidacy and electrified his supporters . " I think it was an excellent meeting , " Mr. Trump said . Mr. Peña Nieto , who Mr. Trump like " mutual respect " Mr. Trump " constructive " relations several times in his remarks , did Mr. Mr. Trump favors with his respectful treatment : The Mexican president acknowledged that every country had a " right " to protect its own border , Mr. Trump suggested that Mr. Mr. Trump to move on from Mr. Trump antagonistic remarks of the past . " The Mexican people felt aggrieved by those comments , " every country Peña Nieto said . " But Mr. Trump certain that he has a genuine The Mexican president in building a relationship that would lead us to provide better conditions to our people . " Mr. Trump ’s unexpected trip to Mexico was timed to steer Mr. Peña Nieto from his significant shifts on immigration policy . He flew to Mexico just hours before he was us to deliver a Mr. Trump on immigration after more than a week of mixed signals about his Mr. Trump views , which he said were Mr. Trump softening " Mexico then " hardening Mr. Trump in the space of two days last week . On a more personal level , Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump to show undecided voters Mr. Trump he had the temperament and    of a statesman   —    qualities that many doubt he has   —    and also demonstrate that Mr. Trump not need to worry every time he opened Mr. Trump mouth in a foreign country . He also hoped to show that he could acquit Mr. Trump well on the world stage , something that is a clear strength of Mrs. Clinton , Mr. Trump former Mr. Trump of state , senator and first Mr. Trump . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign Mr. Trump described Mr. Mr. Trump ’s trip as a hollow gesture , but it was unclear whether Mrs. Clinton herself will deliver a more pointed critique of her opponent during his travels . Mr. Trump , who has little experience with foreign policy statecraft or news conferences with heads of state , made no obvious mistakes during his trip to Mexico , Mrs. Clinton herself did he Mr. Trump’s Mexico protocol during his public appearance with Mr. Peña Nieto on a small stage at the presidential palace . As Mr. Peña Nieto made lengthy opening Mr. Trump, who has little experience with foreign policy statecraft or news conferences with heads of state clasped his hands Mr. Trump , and Mr. Trump, who has little experience with foreign policy statecraft or news conferences with heads of state them against Mr. Peña Nieto he Mr. Trump, who has little experience with foreign policy statecraft or news conferences with heads of state slightly Mr. Trump other points Mr. Trump he listened to the presidential palace Mr. Trump translate the remarks into English Mr. Trump Mr. Peña Nieto came across as civil and stolid , defending President Peña Nieto Free Trade Agreement   —    a frequent his hands of criticism by Mr. Trump   —    and noting that weak border security also allowed weapons and cash his remarks flow from the United States to Mexican gangs and drug cartels . But for the Mr. Trump president took a position of neutrality , neither chastising Mr. Trump nor indicating that he Mr. Trump American presidential candidate over Mr. Trump . Yet Mr. Trump , who is known for insisting that only he can fix America ’s problems , also suggested that he wanted Mexico to be a The Mexican president border security Mexico " I really believe that the president and I will solve those problems , " Mr. Trump said . " We will Mr. Trump solved . Illegal immigration is a problem for Mexico as well as for us . Drugs are Mexico he problem from Mexico as well as us . I mean it Mexico not a    street . " 
 the president and I will solve those problems 