Washington ( CNN ) A growing number of senators from both parties plan to ratchet up A growing number of senators from both parties push to stiffen sanctions on Russia and demand Congress have the final say if President Donald Trump decides to weaken penalties on Russia unilaterally . The move by six senators is the latest warning from Capitol Hill to the new administration over    relations . On Wednesday , a group led by Sens . Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , and Ben Cardin ,    plan to introduce legislation that would impose strict new congressional oversight and veto power over the the new administration it decided to the new administration sanctions on Russia .   The Russia Review Act would require the White House to submit a report detailing why it was seeking The Russia Review Act lift sanctions , setting into motion a    review period where Congress could vote to disapprove of easing the penalties on the country , Russia a summary of the measure provided to CNN . Sen. Marco Rubio , Rubio    measure , the measure provided to CNN Sens . Claire McCaskill of Missouri , Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Republican John McCain of Arizona .   Rubio said support is broad within the Senate to push back against the White House if it eased sanctions before Russia pulls out of Ukraine , potentially enough to overcome any Trump veto the White House " I think if there was a real threat of lifting sanctions minus the respect for Ukrainian sovereignty and meeting those conditions , my sense is that we would have the votes to pass that in the Senate and we would be able to pass it with a    majority , " Rubio told CNN . we new measure comes as roughly a dozen senators from both parties are quietly lobbying their colleagues to endorse a separate bill that would impose a comprehensive set of sanctions against Russia roughly a dozen senators from both parties picking up new support for their effort , including a member of the GOP leadership team , Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado roughly a dozen senators from both parties The     moves underscore the growing concern on the Hill that Trump ’s openness to Vladimir Putin could prompt the United States to rebuild diplomatic ties with Russia , despite Washington ’s furious opposition to a host of Russian actions , including its annexation Russia Crimea and the United States during the U. S. election . And it comes as lawmakers Russian both parties have pushed back at Trump ’s comments over the weekend , when he seemed to equate US military actions with violence spawned by Putin ’s government . It is uncertain when votes over the bills could take place and if Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker will schedule a vote in his committee . But the Tennessee Republican has been a sharp Putin critic and has urged the White Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker to keep the existing sanctions in place . " Sen. Putin strongly supports keeping sanctions in place against Russia for its continued destabilizing behavior in Ukraine , Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker Corker spokeswoman Micah Johnson . Cardin , the ranking Democrat Russia the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , told CNN Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker has had conversations with GOP leaders who " are very concerned about our relationship " with Russia . Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker if either the sanctions bill or the new review act would get a    majority of Russia senators , Cardin said : " I think if this matter comes up for a vote , it would be pretty close to those numbers . " This story has been updated . 
 this matter 