Washington ( CNN ) Eric Trump on Friday defended Eric Trump father ’s    real estate mogul narrative , saying the Republican presidential nominee was the epitome of the American dream for having " gone from just about nothing " to become a successful real estate mogul in New York . The younger Eric Trump comments follow extensive reporting of how the GOP presidential candidate got his the GOP presidential candidate in property development in part thanks to a $ 1 million loan from his the GOP presidential candidate , Fred Trump , in the late 1960s or early 1970s . " Well , I think he the GOP presidential candidate a guy who has been an entrepreneurial guy , " Eric Trump told Fox News on Friday after being asked about his the GOP presidential candidate ’s outreach to millennial voters . " He the GOP presidential candidate built an amazing company . He the GOP presidential candidate become the epitome of the American dream . " Trump Eric Trump to say that millennials could relate to his his father’s " he the GOP presidential candidate gone from just about nothing , " but was interrupted by " Outnumbered " panelist Julie Roginsky . " Nothing ? He the GOP presidential candidate a million bucks ? I mean , come on , " Roginsky interjected "Outnumbered" panelist Julie Roginsky " Listen , he the GOP presidential candidate built an unbelievable empire , " Trump Eric Trump . " He the GOP presidential candidate epitomized what America is all about : opportunity and working hard and being able to achieve your dreams and what you want to succeed , right ? " Trump Eric Trump , " It Eric Trump no different from a ( Mark ) Zuckerberg , right , who went out with a great idea like Facebook and developed this idea a great idea like Facebook it and grew a great idea like Facebook and grew a great idea like Facebook and grew a great idea like Facebook . That a great idea like Facebook achieving something , right ? And I think it is very different than a person who has been career politician . " In 2015 , Donald Eric Trump the $ 1 million loan from his father Eric Trump " small . " " My whole life really has been a ’no’ and I fought through it , " Trump a ’no’ Eric Trump an    town hall in October . " It has not been a ’no’ for me , Eric Trump has not been a ’no’ for me . Eric Trump you know I started off in Brooklyn , my father gave me his father loan of a million dollars . " The     Eric Trump on Friday also said that he thought millennials did not The    Eric Trump on Friday to policy well because " they have n’t lived their lives long enough to they . .. the broad stroke of issues . " " They obviously understand a lot they issues as it pertains to them , student debt , they this and that , " Trump said . " But Eric Trump think maybe taxes and things might be a little less significant than other issues . And so I just think there is a disconnect between somebody who is constantly talking about policy and this and that , than a man who ’s built a great company . " Donald Trump ’s children have Eric Trump surrogates for his unconventional presidential campaign , but Eric Trump times have cause minor controversies of their own . Eric Trump ’s children come after Eric Trump brother , Donald Jr. caused Eric Trump earlier this week when he likened Syrian refugees to Skittles . Eric Trump 