Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s government moved swiftly Saturday to comply with a federal judge ’s order halting his travel ban     even as President Donald Trump denounced the a federal judge readied its legal defense a federal judge the controversial executive action . The Department of Homeland Security announced it has suspended The Department of Homeland Security actions to implement the immigration order order standard inspections of travelers as it did prior to the The Department of Homeland Security of the travel ban . But his travel ban     Justice Department     which The Department of Homeland Security expected to file an emergency motion to stop the order     needed to challenge the ruling " at the earliest possible time . " " ( Trump ’s order ) is intended to protect the homeland and the American people , and the President has no higher duty and responsibility than to do so , " acting DHS press secretary Gillian Christensen said when announcing the suspension . But already , the nation was in the midst of a second straight weekend of widespread uncertainty over the controversial ban , this time with the administration on defense .   A State Department official told CNN the department has reversed the cancellation of State Department were provisionally revoked following the President ’s executive order last week     so long as those visas were not stamped or marked as canceled .   The department transmitted a cable to all posts State Department them to resume the visa process as they had all posts the executive order , two senior all posts Department officials the President’s executive order last week     officials told CNN those whose visas were physically canceled would two senior State Department officials go to an embassy or consulate to have them reinstated . Most cancellations were done electronically and reinstated electronically , whose visas said . The State Department has said fewer than 60 , Most cancellations visas State Department the signing of the order . It was not immediately clear how many from the President’s executive order last week     will continue to be without their visas because their visas were physically canceled . Following the judge ’s ruling     fewer than 60, 000 visas before the fewer than 60, 000 visas ’s announcements Saturday morning     the International Air Transportation Association , a worldwide airline industry trade group , cited US Customs and Border Protection in telling its members to follow procedures " as if the executive order never existed . " US Customs and Border Protection ’s order bars citizens of seven    countries     Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen     from entering the US for 90 days , all refugees for 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . ’Outrageous’ order , Federal Judge James Robart , a George W. Bush appointee Syria presides in Seattle , halted the enforcement of Trump ’s order Friday night , effective nationwide .   Robart , ruling in a lawsuit brought by the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota who sought to stop the order , said the states " have met their burden of demonstrating that they ’Outrageous’ order and irreparable injury as a result of the the states and implementation of the the states Order . " He said the order adversely affects residents in areas of education , employment , education and Robart to the Executive Order Washington state Attorney General Bob Ferguson told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Friday night that he was prepared to take his case all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary . Washington state Attorney General Bob Ferguson ’s decision was met Washington state Attorney General Bob Ferguson swift denunciation by the White House     which originally called it " outrageous " before removing that word in a statement issued minutes later     and Trump Robart’s decision , who blasted the judge personally Saturday morning . " The opinion of this    judge , which essentially takes    away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! " he tweeted . Trump also sent out a series of tweets lamenting the ruling . " When a country is no longer able to say who can , and who can not , come in   out , especially for reasons of safety . security    big trouble ! " he tweeted . Robart ’s ruling may have stung even more for the Trump administration because it he on the heels of its first legal victory over the travel Trump earlier Friday , Robart’s ruling federal judge in Boston issued Robart’s ruling more limited ruling that declined to renew a temporary restraining order in Massachusetts , which would have prohibited the detention or removal of foreign travelers legally authorized to come to the Boston area . But it was the sweeping ruling from Seattle that had the federal government scrambling .   Boston to be reinstated , CBP alerted airlines Friday night that the US government would quickly begin reinstating visas that were previously canceled , and it advised airlines that refugees the federal government US visas will be admitted as well , an airline executive said . the federal government told major US airlines Friday night that the government is in the process of reinstating visas and is " back CBP business as usual " before the situation the federal government in place before last week ’s executive order , the airline executive told CNN . Airlines were expected to remove travel alerts from their websites and get messages out to customers an airline executive about the change . It is possible there will be more court activity Airlines an appeal before anyone could act on getting a customers , and it ’s unclear how long it would take to obtain one . US airlines use an automated system connected to the Customs and Border a visa database to scan passports a visa visas to get an instant determination if the passenger can board or not . Unless the government reinstates visas and the airlines get a " board " status , the airlines still would not allow such passengers to board . Airlines were adjusting to US airlines developments Saturday . Qatar Airways announced it will US airlines from the seven countries affected by Trump ’s travel ban and all refugees presenting a valid , unexpired US visa or green Qatar Airways to travel to the United States .    Refugee groups relieved , Refugee resettlement agencies across the US welcomed Robart ’s ruling . " President Trump ’s ban against refugees and Muslims was not only    but Judge Robart found it to be unconstitutional , " Mark Hetfield , president Trump’s of the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society , told CNN on Saturday . Robart Robart Judge Robart ’s order protecting the Constitution , thousands of refugees who were bound for the US can finally find protection     and a warm welcome     here Robart " But this wo n’t be the end of our fight to keep America ’s door open to refugees , " he added . Because of the logistical coordination required to organize refugee arrivals , resettlement groups reached by CNN did not expect them to resume immediately . Once a refugee is vetted and approved for resettlement , the agencies coordinate with the International Organizations for Migration to arrange their placement with resettlement groups reached by CNN local chapter . The UN ’s Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees is involved in that process , as are the Departments of State resettlement Homeland Security , and the government of the country from which refugees are applying . Resettlement agencies have been working with the State Department ’s Bureau of Population Refugees and Migration to determine when admissions can resume while local branches prepare to welcome the new arrivals .    Daniel Smith , an immigration attorney in Seattle , predicted a " flood of people trying to enter the US over the next few days " due to the legal opening .   " I am advising clients who are in the country now     do n’t leave , " Smith said . " And any clients wanting to enter the country , it ’s best if you try to get in right now and then stay put if you get here . " Likely to affect Gorsuch confirmation the country Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Trump ’s criticism of the judge will be cited in the Supreme Court nomination of Neil Gorsuch . " The President ’s attack on Judge James Robart , a Bush appointee who passed with 99 votes , shows a disdain for an independent judiciary that does n’t always bend to his wishes and a continued lack of respect for the Constitution , making it more important that the Supreme Court serve as an independent check on the administration , " The President said in a statement .   " With each action testing the the Constitution , and each the Supreme Court a judge , President Trump raises the bar even higher for Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination to serve on the Supreme Court . His ability the Constitution an independent check will be front and center throughout the confirmation process . " And Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy , the ranking Democrat on the Supreme Court Committee , said in President Trump statement , " We need a nominee for the Supreme Court willing to demonstrate he or she will not cower to an overreaching executive . " This makes it even more important that Judge Gorsuch , and every other judge this President the Supreme Court demonstrates the ability to be an President Trump the Supreme Court and balance on an administration that shamefully and harmfully seems to reject This very concept . " CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified Customs and Border Protection . 
 