The Dallas Morning News has taken a hit in subscriptions after The Dallas Morning News early September endorsement of Hillary Clinton . [ Angry readers and nonsubscribers have taken to social media and have even called the editor of the publication " a f**king traitorous POS . Hillary Clinton ’s responsible for thousands of unnecessary deaths and the invasion of 3rd world jihadists . Ahole , " an angry Twitter user tweeted .   The Dallas paper published an editorial on September 7 , endorsing the Democrat candidate . The consequences of that decision has become evident in the weeks following . " Certainly we ’ve paid a price for we presidential recommendation , but then , we write we editorials based on principle , and sometimes principle comes at a cost , " The Dallas Morning News Editor Mike Wilson told Poynter . The DMN editor added , " I ’ve had a lot of conversations with readers lately , and I respect readers views and readers right to disagree with we . The most important thing to we is that readers vote , even if it ’s not for we favorite candidate , because democracy does n’t work if people do n’t vote . " After the endorsement , angry protestors convened outside the DMN building in Dallas . Wilson approached angry protestors and Wilson was asked " How could angry protestors support known     @Hillary Clinton ? " 3 . Pretty quick , that guy and others started shouting questions at me : How could angry protestors support known     @HillaryClinton ?   —    Mike Wilson ( @mWilstory ) September 14 , 2016 ,   One of angry protestors called the Dallas Dallas an " enemy of the state . " Here I am standing with @mWilstory , who one Trump supporter declared an " enemy of the the state https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Robert Wilonsky ( @RobertWilonsky ) September 14 , 2016 ,   Another protestor accused the newspaper of taking " big money " for the endorsement . 6 . One woman said we recommended @HillaryClinton because somebody is paying us big we . Clearly not a student of the newspaper economy .   —    Mike Wilson ( @mWilstory ) September 14 , 2016 ,   The DMN editor told the managing editor of Poynter , it was his hope The DMN editor the subscribers who cancelled their subscriptions would come back to the publication . He said The DMN editor " I believe The Dallas Morning News offers a lot of value to readers —   even when they disagree readers a particular editorial view . " Given the anger shown in terms of comments after the endorsement ( 3 , 500 reported by Mullin ) it remains The Dallas Morning News open question if readers will forgive the publication the publication DMN editor declined to give the actual number of cancelled subscriptions . Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served Lana Shadwick a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow Breitbart Texas on Twitter Lana Shadwick . 
 