Sen. Cory Booker ( ) assured CNN State of the Union guest host Brianna Keilar that Hillary Clinton did nothing wrong in Hillary Clinton    scandal , and that there was nothing improper about Bill Clinton ’s meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch . [ Asked by Keiler whether Hillary Clinton could still " technically " be indicted despite rumors to the contrary , Booker said : " Technically , you or I could be as well . " He Booker Hillary Clinton ’s interview with the FBI on Saturday as " routine .   Booker Booker lashed out at those who have raised concerns about the    meeting : She Hillary Clinton a    professional , she Hillary Clinton up through the ranks at the Justice Department . I think she Hillary Clinton handing this right . She Hillary Clinton nothing wrong , no violation . And she Hillary Clinton said publicly that she Hillary Clinton going to abide by the determination of the FBI and the prosecutors who are working on this case .    …      And again , let ’s understand what this is all about . This    …      had nothing to do with this this case it had this case do with golf and grandchildren . So this is nothing that in any way undermines this case this case people who are alleging that   —    and I notice a lot of that ’s coming from the Trump campaign   —    are trying to whip up conspiracy theories here . This is a professional prosecutor , she knows what she ’s doing she —    and she has said she has the appearance of impropriety , but nothing happened , and as a result of that she ’s going she accept the determination of the prosecutors working on this case . Booker did not say how he knew nothing Booker had occurred . His words contradicted Booker of other Democrats , including Sen. Chris Coons ( ) who said that Lynch should not have met with Clinton . Former San Francisco mayor and fellow Democrat Willie Brown also panned the meeting : If Clinton wanted to Clinton on a warm word to the attorney general , then he should have Clinton up with her at some Clinton function . That way there would have been plenty of witnesses to swear that nothing even close to a conflict of interest ever came up . As mayor , I made a point of never meeting privately with anyone on any issue pending before the Public Utilities Commission , the Planning Department , Muni , the port , the airport or any other area where there might be a conflict of interest . Any meetings on an issue like that were held with the office door wide open , so anyone could walk in at any time . The open door the office door message that someone could overhear everything that was being said . Former president Clinton is also a potential target of investigation , given accusations that the Clinton Foundation benefited from foreign donations during Hillary Clinton ’s tenure at the State Department , and suspicions that    about donors may have been hidden on her private    server ,    later deleted instead of being turned over to the government . Booker , a rising star within the Democratic Party , cast himself as a crusader against Booker, a rising star within the Democratic Party when he ran for mayor of Booker, a rising star within the Democratic Party . Asked to comment on whether it is appropriate for Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) to continue to receive Secret Service protection at a cost to taxpayers of $ 38 , 000 per day , Booker deferred : " It Booker important that we keep Americans safe . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Regnery 
 