On the plane trip home from Mexico to Rome , American journalist Phil Pullella depicted Republican candidate Donald Trump as an odious person who would heartlessly split up families and thinks only of building walls , and then asked the Pope whether American Catholics can vote for the Pope . [ the Pope the Pope to the Reuters reporter that anyone who thinks only of building walls and never of building bridges is no Christian , since this way of thinking is foreign to the gospel . But he the Pope questioned the accuracy of the the Reuters reporter of Trump .   " I would only say : if he the Pope these things , this the Pope no Christian , " Francis said . " But we ’d have to see whether he said these things Francis matter , I would give him the benefit of the doubt . Francis Pullella set the Pope up by praising him for the " eloquence " of Francis messages on the immigration problem while Francis him with Trump , who openly criticizes Francis pope as a pawn of the the Pope and wants to build an immense wall , deport 11 million immigrants and tear their families apart . The journalist then proceeded 11 million immigrants ask " what you think of these accusations against you " and " whether an American Catholic can vote for a person like this . " The pope answered first with humor , saying the Pope thank God he said I am political , since Aristotle defines The journalist as a political animal : At least I am a human being ! " Regarding " whether or not I am a pawn , I really do n’t know , " he continued . " I leave that up to The journalist and other people ’s judgment . " Francis said that " a person who only thinks of building walls , wherever he is , and not about building bridges , Francis no Christian . This is not in the gospel . " " And what you asked about whether I would advise you to vote for him or not , that ’s none of my The journalist , " Francis said . " I would only say : Francis he said these things , this man is no Francis . But we ’d The journalist see whether no Christian these things . And in this matter , Francis he said these things benefit of the doubt . " In an Francis to Breitbart News , William Donahue of the Catholic League said he thought " the pope was set up " and that " the question William Donahue of the Catholic League the pope inaccurately reflected Trump ’s views . " Donahue noted that Pullella told the pope that Trump " wants to deport 11 William Donahue of the Catholic League illegal immigrants , thus separating the pope which is Trump’s patently false . " On August 16 , 2015 , Chuck Todd , on " Meet the Press , " asked Trump , " You ’re going to split up families . You ’re going to deport Trump’s ? " To which Trump said , " Chuck —   no , no . No , we ’re going Trump’s keep the families together . We have to keep the families together . " When asked where they would go , we noted , Trump the families " We will work with them . the families " So the pope was Trump’s , " he said the families Follow Thomas D. the families on Twitter Follow @    < ! [ CDATA Trump’s ! function ( d , s , id){var js , fjs = d . getElementsByTagName ( s)[0],p= ^ 
 