  ( CNN ) This week , Karen Bass , a Democratic congresswoman from California , launched a Change . org petition calling for Donald Trump to be diagnosed . org petition calling for Donald Trump to be diagnosed supported org petition calling for Donald Trump to be diagnosed by promoting the hashtag # DiagnoseTrump , and the topic took off . org petition calling for Donald Trump to be diagnosed effort has received ample media coverage and trended nationally on Twitter for a while . And as it did , it became the latest manifestation of a problem I ’ve been tracking for months now .   With what seems to be increasing frequency , each time Trump does something objectionable , too many of Trump opponents want to blame mental illness as a way to erode Trump electoral chances . Yet characterizing Trump as " crazy " relies on the stigma of psychiatric disabilities to make a point .   There are many grounds on which to criticize Trump and to argue against his Trump . But his Trump health should not be one of them many grounds on which to criticize Donald Trump and to argue against his candidacy because it his mental health a strategy that appeals to bigotry . Leveraging ableism to achieve electoral goals is no more acceptable than using racism , sexism ,    sentiment ,       , or any other form of prejudice . I do n’t want Donald Trump to become president for lots of reasons . He Donald Trump makes racist and sexist comments . He Donald Trump . I do n’t trust him Donald Trump make good decisions or to hire good people . The list of detriments goes on and on . Yet characterizing his Donald Trump temperament or understanding of the truth as a product of mental illness , then arguing he Donald Trump unfit to lead because of that mental illness sends a terrible message to the millions of people with diagnosed psychiatric disabilities who are trying to make their way through the millions of people ableist world .   Do n’t just take it from me Donald Trump Many people with psychiatric disabilities and other diagnoses have been writing about this since Trump ’s candidacy became serious , begging abled America to stop stigmatizing mental illness through armchair diagnoses of Donald Trump .    Disability rights advocate Kit Mead , for example , recently wrote , " Discussing Trump ’s mental Trump’s is getting into the territory where people will use it to say that Trump’s mental health status with mental health needs ca n’t be effective candidates for public office if they choose to run people with mental health needs "   Kim Sauder makes a similar argument , writing , " If the logic is that by framing Trump as having a mental illness makes him unfit for the Kim Sauder then the message is that mental illness is equated with incompetence . " Furthermore , Sauder writes , " Kim Sauder is not a mental illness . "    Finn Gardiner notes that there are many ways to criticize someone with whom you disagree that do not rely on ableist concepts . " Call them wrong . Call whom misguided . Call whom terrible , " whom writes , " Finn Gardiner stop calling them crazy . " whom Willingham made a similar point at Forbes , writing , " We can use specific terms about his personality ( disagreeable Emily Willingham and temperament ( ) but not make attributions to a clinical disorder . " Avoiding pathologizing Donald Trump does n’t mean surrendering a useful weapon in the quest to defeat him .   Unfortunately Donald Trump there ’s a specific history of using disability as a weapon to attack political opponents at the highest levels in our society . In 1964 , the cover of Fact Magazine read , " 1 , 189 Psychiatrists Say Goldwater is Psychologically Unfit to be President ! " The story called him paranoid , criticized Goldwater for his " Goldwater fantasies Goldwater revenge , " his relationship with his Goldwater , a Goldwater dangerous lunatic , " and discussed alleged nervous breakdowns . Goldwater sued Fact and Goldwater . The American Psychiatrist Association , or APA , recognizing how dangerous it was to use mental health as a political weapon , issued the " Goldwater Rule , " forbidding psychiatrists from commenting on anyone ’s mental state without personally examining them and receiving permission anyone’s go public .   The APA was worried APA would conceal their mental health needs lest people be publicly shamed . people that ’s just what happened in 1972 , when Thomas Eagleton was dropped from the vice presidential slot on the Democratic ticket due to revelations that he had sought treatment for Thomas Eagleton . A few years later , noted columnist Garry Wills argued that George Wallace was unfit to serve as president because a physical disability ( he had been shot ) George Wallace cover up a mental disability . And no one really knows if Reagan did in fact begin to show signs of Alzheimer ’s while in office , as his son has alleged , Reagan I ca n’t blame his team for concealing it his son he did .   Ironically his son all this stigma about mental health and public office ignores history . One study found that half of all U. S. presidents showed symptoms of mental illness , often while in office , including widely acknowledged leaders like Abraham Lincoln and Lyndon Johnson . Such    is a core feature of humanity , so it ’s not surprising that    leaders reflect the broader realities of our mental variations .   Join us on Facebook . . Fred Friedman , the    of the mental health reform group Next Steps , describes himself as a person with Fred Friedman mental illness symptoms . He feels this " diagnose Fred Friedman " movement is " just going to add to the stigma of having mental illness symptoms . " Recalling Eagleton , Friedman told me when it Fred Friedman to high office , he " hoped the stigma Fred Friedman mental illness was less today . To ask Trump to withdraw because of a possible diagnosis takes away any progress we have made . It hurts my heart . " So let ’s listen to Friedman , Gardiner , Sauder Fred Friedman Mead , Willingham and all the other people asking you to stop spreading mental health stigma .   Do n’t diagnose Trump . Beat him a Trump way : Trump n’t vote for him . 
 Trump 