Sunday on CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " Wall Street Journal columnist and former speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan Peggy Noonan said the protests and violence at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s rallies are a result of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump being cavalier and careless when telling his supporters to punch protesters in the nose , which President Ronald Reagan Peggy Noonan pointed out is giving organized protesters an opening to create " havoc . "   Partial transcript as follows : President Ronald Reagan Peggy Noonan : Seeing the past few days , especially last night in Chicago , the disruptions , the yelling , the pushing , the violence surrounding the Donald Trump rally , and inside the Donald Trump rally , even though Donald Trump was n’t there , Donald Trump cancelled , Donald Trump said for safety reasons . Look , I think there are two big reasons this is happening and   —    and one victim group that has n’t been mentioned . Two reasons it ’s happening , Donald Trump is cavalier and careless in Donald Trump references to punch Donald Trump in the nose . I wish I could punch Donald Trump in the nose . If you punch Donald Trump in the the nose I ’ll pay your bills . That ’s bad . That ’s kind of immature . That ’s not knowing that   —    that America is always a country that when it ’s America and political passions can start throwing punches . So that ’s the first part . Second part is , there are    groups that are opportunistically moving on the fact that he ’s given them this opening with his wild he and they ’re them in and they ’re them their own them and they ’re them people around . That ’s not good . The   —    and we always have to remember , this is America , you have a right to come together . You have a right to have a rally , you have right to free speech to gather . It seems to me , on a forgotten victim group here is the peaceful people who want to go see Donald Trump and , you know , get him unfiltered Donald Trump get a sense of who he is Donald Trump decide who they ’re the peaceful people who want to go to vote for . They must the peaceful people who want to go been frightened last night . They saw the peaceful people who want to go pushing and tearing placards out of each other ’s hands . It ’s too bad . I know people who have gone to Trump rallies Donald Trump they ’re people who have gone to Trump rallies curious , normal people and want to get a look at it . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 