Washington ( CNN ) Indiana Gov. Mike Pence on Thursday defended Indiana Gov. Mike Pence running mate ’s statement that Vladimir Putin is a stronger leader than President Barack Obama , calling Vladimir Putin is a stronger leader than President Barack Obama " inarguable . " In a    with CNN ’s Dana Bash at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library , the GOP vice presidential nominee said Donald Trump was speaking " boldly " as did the 40th president of the United States .    " I think it ’s inarguable that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader in Vladimir Putin country than Barack Obama has been in his country . And that ’s going to change the day that Donald Trump becomes president , " Pence said . But pressed by Bash on the difference between the two nation ’s governments     namely that in the US democracy presidents share power with Congress , Pence acknowledged Pence Trump Donald Trump not advocating for a dictatorship .   " Donald Donald Trump last night he does Donald Trump particularly like the system , " Pence said in Pence to Russia . Clinton , Trump talk Donald Trump security at forum , The comments were notable because Pence often softens Pence ’s Donald Trump . But in this instance , he doubled down Donald Trump   Pence was responding to Pence Trump made the Donald Trump night at a " commander in chief forum " on NBC News .   " Certainly , in that system , he ’s been Donald Trump leader , far more than our president has been a leader , " Trump said , Donald Trump asked about his repeated praise Donald Trump kind words for Putin despite Russia ’s increasing aggression toward the United States .     Pence also defended Trump ’s comments Donald Trump the generals have been reduced to rubble " under the Obama administration , responding to critics that interpreted those words to mean Trump was putting down Donald Trump US military .    " I think he was talking about Donald Trump commander in chief reducing the influence of generals to rubble , " Pence said . He added Pence Trump Donald Trump describing a Donald Trump sense that he got recently that Donald Trump fact our President had not taken all of the counsel of our military advisers in confronting our defeating ISIS . "   Trump has been focusing Donald Trump his national security policy Donald Trump the past few days , including announcing that his plan to combat Donald Trump would include ordering military generals to put together a plan to defeat the terrorist group in his first 30 days Donald Trump That has stood in contrast with statements Trump made last year Donald Trump he had a " Donald Trump " plan to defeat ISIS already .   Sessions ISIS No ’fundamental contradiction’ for Trump , Pence refused Donald Trump answer whether Trump has shared his Donald Trump strategy with Donald Trump running mate : Donald Trump I ’ll keep our private conversations private , " he said .   Donald Trump he did say that Donald Trump military could do more under a Trump administration than it has under an Obama Trump administration when asked why the military would have different the military Trump than it does now .   " the military military commanders serve at the pleasure of civilian authority . The commander in chief makes the call , " Pence said . " And I ’m confident that our military commanders can bring forward the ideas once the commander in chief makes the The commander in chief Donald Trump has made the mission clear . " Pence refused to say the mission would consider sending Pence significant ground troops to the Donald Trump East , saying he would not " signal to the enemy " his Donald Trump .   Comparisons to Reagan ’s ’humility’ Throughout Donald Trump interview , Pence compared Trump and Reagan , saying he believes Pence are similar leaders . Reagan was at Donald Trump presidential library to give a speech Donald Trump the comparison between the two men .    " Their styles are different , surely , between Ronald Reagan they Donald Trump , but I think both Reagan truth tellers , " Pence said . " they plainly about the Pence of the administrations of their time they but they also , I think they both give they to the aspirations they the American people , they can be better , we can bet stronger . " He added that comparison applies to one we his favorite adjectives to describe Reagan : " Humble . " As Bash He how that word could describe a man with his name on so many buildings , Pence said Trump reveals his " a man " in private .   " Ronald Reagan had his Trump on a lot of marquees . I think Reagan very core Reagan both men are the kind of leaders that have a both men of humility , " Pence said . " Donald Trump is always the first person to say , Pence we say enormous Trump out for rallies . .. he ’s always the first one to say , ’This is a movement . This Trump not about me . This is about the ideas we ’re advocating . ’ " Debate prep , As This vice presidential nominee , Pence will have his own debate against his Democratic counterpart , Virginia Sen. Tim Pence , this fall the vice presidential nominee   Pence said the vice presidential nominee ’s preparing " in a very traditional way , " despite Pence that Trump the vice presidential nominee eschewed any mock debates or typical debate prep .   " My running mate is a masterful debater , " Pence said . " I ’m confident he ’s going to acquit himself well Pence " As for Pence , he noted the vice presidential nominee he ’s been focused the vice presidential nominee his state as governor Pence Indiana , the vice presidential nominee is working the vice presidential nominee get up to speed the vice presidential nominee national and international policy .   " We ’re really taking some time to brush up , " Pence said . " I want to make sure that I ’m ready to Pence Donald Trump ’s story to the nation . " And he confirmed that his camp has a    for Kaine for mock debates .   Donald Trump’s We actually Donald Trump’s . I ’ll leak it to you later , " Pence said .   Trump ’s first debate is his camp has a   for Kaine for mock debates 26 , while the Pence vice presidential debate will Donald Trump’s 4 . 
 