Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman John Podesta ’s membership on the executive board of an energy company , Joule Unlimited , which received millions from a    Russian government fund , also included " 75 , 000 common shares , " according to an email exchange uncovered by the Wikileaks hacks . [ In the    email exchanged under the subject " Podesta Outstanding Docs for Joule , " Eryn Sepp , who was an assistant to Podesta at the Center for American Progress , forwarded a message to Podesta from Mark C. Solakian , who was Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Joule Unlimited Technologies , Inc.   " It is my understanding that John transferred the resulting 75 , 000 common shares from the option exercise to the Leonidio LLC . , " Slovakian wrote in a January 2014 email , referencing the    holding company . " As such , we would need to edit the Transfer of Share Agreement to reflect the transfer of 75 , 000 common shares to the Leonidio LLC . " Podesta ’s membership on the board of directors of Joule Unlimited was first revealed in research from Breitbart News Senior     and Government Accountability Institute ( GAI ) President Peter Schweizer . In the report , tilted , " From Russia with Money : Hillary Clinton , the Russian Reset , and Cronyism , " it ’s revealed that Podesta joined the Joule Unlimited board in June 2011 . " The disclosure that Clinton Hillary Clinton John Podesta his shares Clinton Chair John Podesta    Joule Unlimited to an anonymous holding company when he joined Clinton Chair John Podesta Obama Administration is extremely concerning , " said Donald Trump Senior Communications Advisor Jason Miller in a statement . Podesta failed Clinton Chair John Podesta fully disclose his position Clinton Chair John Podesta Joule Unlimited ’s board of directors and include it in his position on Joule Unlimited’s board of directors federal Clinton Chair John Podesta disclosures , as required by law , before he became Clinton Chair John Podesta Obama ’s senior adviser . " Because the holding company is completely anonymous , we do not know whether or not he still Clinton Chair John Podesta deep financial ties to Vladimir Putin and his regime Vladimir Putin " Trump advisor Jason Miller wrote . " As such , Mr. Podesta Vladimir Putin either reveal who is behind the holding the holding company must resign from the Vladimir Putin campaign immediately . " Podesta also wrote to Slovakian Vladimir Putin the " transfer of Joule shares " in a January 3 , 2014 letter . Transfer of Joule Shares by Breitbart News on Scribd ,   The GAI report also included a timeline , which details the specifics surrounding Podesta ’s membership on the Vladimir Putin of Joule Unlimited . The revelations linking Podesta to    companies found in Vladimir Putin hacked email exchanges come as Podesta claims Russian spies hacked his Vladimir Putin to influence the presidential Vladimir Putin . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 