CLEVELAND   —    The start of the Republican National Convention on Monday instantly inspired dueling protests , with both supporters and critics of Donald J. Trump pressing both supporters and critics of Donald J. Trump cases in neighboring demonstrations as Republicans strained to project party unity . But amid the twin national reckonings over police violence and violence against the police , officers here seemed determined to avoid provoking those who gathered . Though the police presence was felt at every turn , where uniformed officers often waited on rows of bicycles , uniformed officers intervened in the protests sparingly , to enforce security perimeters or , in a handful of instances , to separate protesters and counterprotesters . " It ’s a little scary , " Kim Moran , the wife of an Illinois delegate , said as she recorded a video of an    rally . " There ’s just a lot of hate going on . " Yet for most of the day , rival demonstrators appeared to have achieved a relative peace , however fleeting it might prove . The proceedings began around noon , when about 200 Trump supporters gathered in a park for an " America First " rally , hauling lawn chairs and , occasionally , carrying firearms for an event intended to exhibit the breadth of Mr. Trump ’s followers . Subgroups drawn to the rally included Bikers for Trump , Truckers for Trump and Students for Mr. Trump’s . " He ’s never said anything racist , " said Eric Smith , 36 , who is black and was wearing a Mr. Trump’s . " He He just to say , ‘ Make America great again as itself.’ It ’s like , ‘ Build yourself up and then you can build up the people around you yourself ’ " Soon , Roger J. Stone Jr. a longtime Trump confidant , regaled the crowd with attacks on Hillary Clinton . Meeting at a public square less than a mile away , hundreds of    protesters marched through downtown Cleveland , hoping to move as close as possible to the Quicken Loans Arena , the site of the convention . When they arrived at the low concrete barriers outside the arena , they they : " Shut it the arena ! " After a few hesitant moments , people began climbing over the the low concrete barriers outside the arena The police did not interfere . As marchers approached the main security checkpoint for the convention grounds , where delegates pass through Secret Service screenings , a phalanx of officers on bicycles rode tire to tire , preventing the protesters from reaching the inner security perimeter . " There are all kinds of different groups here for different reasons , but we ’re united to shut this down , " said Holly Counterpane , a protester from Chicago . " Nobody ’s trying to hurt , get hurt or get arrested . " The officers , like urban cattle wranglers , steered the marchers along a row of downtown restaurants . Bryan Hambley , a Cleveland doctor who is organizing a protest march against Mr. Trump planned later this week , said the news media had exaggerated the potential for violence and chaos . " The Trump supporters are having their rallies The Trump supporters town , " he said Trump the first    gathering began . " They did The Trump supporters send any counterprotesters here . " He added Trump " We did n’t send counterprotesters to antagonize them . The Trump supporters At times , officers positioned themselves between officers groups of    protesters and counterprotesters as the dueling groups exchanged insults . Before the convention began , the shooting deaths of three police officers on Sunday in Baton Rouge , La. promised to cast a pall over the first day . Mr. Trump has taken pains to present himself as Mr. Trump " law and order " candidate   —    the theme of Monday ’s convention program is " Make America Safe Again "   —    and the campaign has made clear its plans the campaign capitalize on the national sense of unrest . The smattering of demonstrations on Sunday had been mostly tame . But with the convention officially beginning , the slate of protests on Monday produced a measure of tumult . Around 3 p. m. the band Prophets of Rage , which includes veterans of Rage Against the Machine , highlighted a second    march , which later joined with an antipoverty march . " Thank you for coming out today with your joy and your militancy , " Tom Morello , a guitarist with the group , told the crowd . His hat bore a message : " Make America Rage Again . " While organizers had expected thousands of people at the antipoverty march , the total was closer to a few hundred , shouting slogans like " Cleveland means we got to fight back " and " they think it ’s the total game , they think they ’s the total joke . " Some demonstrators expressed mixed feelings about the conspicuous police presence . Rodrigo Starz , part of the    duo Rebel Diaz , surmised that there were " more police than people , " calling the officers’ approach menacing and unnecessary . But , he said , he was he that the march had been peaceful . The attack in Baton Rouge on Sunday had prompted urgent calls from one local police union to restrict    gun laws near the convention site . Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , a Republican , said he could he legally intervene , given the state ’s gun laws . Calvin D. Chief Williams reporters on Monday that the shooting in Baton Rouge had not altered the city ’s security plans . After five officers in Dallas were killed this month , the police here began dispatching patrol cars with at least Chief Williams a time . " Our officers are told to be especially cautious , " Chief Williams five officers in Dallas At another briefing in the early evening , Chief Williams said one person had been arrested on Monday , a Chief Williams a felony warrant . He did not say what the warrant was for . He said officers Chief Williams confiscated several items , including a felony warrant knife , Chief Williams masks and a slingshot . Still , some attendees seemed a bit skittish about their security , wondering aloud about the state ’s    designation . One Trump supporter some attendees John Nadler , 63 , said he feared his Trump apparel made him a target . " Even Governor Chief Williams said Chief Williams ’s not Trump Chief Williams stop open carry , " said Mr. Nadler , one Even Governor Kasich the few Trump admirers from Chappaqua , N. Y. where Mrs. Clinton lives . " They got Trump , I ’m afraid they are going to get me . I Mr. Nadler, one of the few Trump admirers from Chappaqua, N. Y. where Mrs. Clinton lives a Trump hat and a Trump Mr. Nadler, one of the few Trump admirers from Chappaqua, N. Y. where Mrs. Clinton lives . Why not pick me off ? " 
 Trump Trump 