  ( CNN ) Following the election of Donald Trump , Michelle Obama said many Americans now know what it ’s like not to have hope .   " We feel the difference now . See , now , We are feeling what not having hope feels like , " Michelle Obama told Oprah Winfrey in an interview , a clip of which aired on CBS on Friday . " Hope is necessary . Hope ’s a necessary concept and Barack did n’t just talk about hope because Barack thought it was just a nice slogan to get votes . " " Barack and I and so many believe that     what else do you have if you do n’t have hope , " the first lady added . " What do you give your kids if you ca n’t give your kids hope ? " Michelle Obama : I went to bed before Trump won , Michelle Obama said Michelle Obama believes Michelle Obama husband gave Americans something to believe in when challenges arose .   " I feel Barack has been that for the nation in ways that people will come to appreciate . Having a    in the White House who can say to you in times of crisis and turmoil , ’Hey , it ’s going to be okay . Let it remember the good things that we have,’ " Michelle Obama said .   Trump on Saturday offered an uncharacteristically measured response to the first lady ’s criticism , saying Trump assumed " Michelle Obama was talking about the past , not the future . " " I ’m telling you , we have tremendous hope . And we have tremendous promise and tremendous potential . we are going to be so successful as a country again . we are going to be amazing , " Trump on said at a rally in Mobile , Alabama . " And I actually think Trump on made that statement not meaning that statement the way that statement came out . I really do , " Trump on added , noting that Obama " could not have been nicer " in greeting Trump on wife , Melania Trump , at the White House last month . Opting not to fire back with an attack as Trump on typically does when facing criticism , Trump on again repeated that Trump on " honestly " believes Obama " meant that statement in a different way than it came out . " More than one in three     38 %     of Americans think Trump on will be a " poor or terrible " president , according to a Pew Research Center national survey released in December .   Obama , who insiders say does n’t always enjoy campaigning , hit the trail hard in the weeks leading up to the November election to encourage Americans     primarily millennials , people of color and women     to vote for Hillary Clinton . While the Democratic nominee did better than Trump , Trump received more Electoral College votes and thus won the November election .   The whole interview with Obama airs during a special program on CBS on Monday at 8 p. m. ET and again on OWN on December 21 at 9 p. m. ET .  
 