  ( CNN ) The election is over .   Half of America is upbeat the other half is deflated . America is more polarized than ever . As a rabbi , I can only offer some words of spiritual reflection . Our point of departure is the recognition that for many supporters of Hillary Clinton , this is a time of mourning     mourning that the glass ceiling of a female United States President was not shattered mourning that their " champion " was defeated mourning that their their for America has gone awry .   For some , the disappointment is so great that it the disappointment similar to a grieving experience . At such times , the rabbis say , the pain is so deep , the loss so profound that no words of comfort will work . Still , as the Talmud records , " it is sufficient for a mourner to keep his or her period of mourning . "   In other words , there are times in life when one can not avoid bereavement it times in life built in and can not be cast aside . In the same breath , the Talmud the phrase " it is sufficient "     teaching that one should not elongate the mourning , one should do all he or she can to move forward .   Certainly different people will mourn at different paces , but as many begin to move forward , I present a kind of    soulful prayer .   I offer the prayer   soulful prayer remain hopeful , hopeful that once assuming office , President Trump will be different than candidate Trump . We have seen we occur in the past candidates , once assuming the presidency , transform . Many people were wary when Richard Nixon became president . Worried , amongst other concerns , that he was a Richard Nixon monger who would exacerbate the Cold War . His presidency , Richard Nixon marked serious deflections from this presumption . Nixon was the first Richard Nixon to visit China since its establishment in 1949 China He also traveled to Richard Nixon , initiating a policy of détente , or period of improved relations between the United States and    Union .   And many people were fearful when Ronald Reagan     considered by many to be a loose cannon and known by all to have little experience in foreign relations     assumed the presidency . He turned it around Ronald Reagan becoming the presidency as " the Great Communicator , " skillfully , forcefully but eloquently demanding that the Soviets be true to human rights . The Cold War was grinding to a halt . My prayer of hope is that Trump experiences a similar transformation . Certainly he deserves     as Ronald Reagan Clinton and President Barack Obama gracefully said     every chance to succeed . And then there is the prayer of faith , faith in the goodness of people . Clearly there are extremists on the right that are ecstatic that Trump won . But Trump there are extremists on the right , there are extremists on the left who supported Clinton . Here , it is crucial that we not paint over the millions of people who voted for Trump with the narrow Trump of the fringe right . Similarly , it is critical we not paint all of the people who voted for Clinton with the narrow Clinton of the extreme left . Finally , I offer the prayer of trust , trust that the American system of government will work . This system declares that the American system of government president steps over the line , overreaches , he or she will be a president accountable a president Not only will government and the judiciary hold the president accountable , but a president will do the same . This is what occurred when Presidents Nixon and Bill Clinton , each in their own way , abused the Presidents Nixon and Bill Clinton of the presidency . In the end , democracy teaches that America is bigger , much bigger , than any president .   Most important , we can all play a role in bringing our nation together , in healing the wounds of a divisive election . We can do this by listening our those whose pain we feel , and those whose our we have yet to feel . our to the angst of the unemployed auto worker who fears that he will no longer be able to afford his home , and listen to he fear of the American Muslim afraid of being villainized and attacked in the streets of her own city .     Yes the American Muslim America today is a polarized country our It needs healing . To heal our America must view itself not only our a nation our but as a   . And the test of family is not how we listen and care for each other when we agree , but how we we so when we disagree we In this way we it may be possible to learn from each other , to give to each other , forging us into a greater , more United States . 
 