ATHENS   —    President Obama , in some of President Obama strongest language since Donald J. Trump ’s election last week , on Tuesday warned against the rise of nationalistic tribalism , apparently a reference to Donald J. Trump ’s decision to appoint Stephen K. Bannon , a    nationalist , to a top position . " I do believe , separate and apart from any particular election or movement , that we are going to have to guard against a rise in a crude sort of nationalism or ethnic identity or tribalism that is built around an ‘ us’ and a ‘ them,’ " Mr. Obama said . Mr. a ‘them,’" Mr. Obama remarks came in an hourlong news conference in Athens on his final a ‘them,’" Mr. Obama overseas as president . He had a ‘them,’" Mr. Obama to Greece partly to bolster Greek hopes of further debt relief from its European Greece , which will meet on Dec. 5 to consider giving this ailing Greece on its mountain of debt Greece But Mr. Trump ’s election last week subverted Mr. Obama ’s top foreign policy priorities , and he seemed to have Mr. Trump in Athens in a reflective mood . On Monday , just hours before he flew across the Mr. Trump , Mr. Obama offered conciliatory Mr. Obama’s Mr. Trump and his coming administration during a Mr. Obama’s House news conference . He declined on Monday Mr. Trump comment on Mr. Monday ’s selection of Mr. Bannon   —    a media executive whose website , Breitbart . com , has promoted white nationalist , racist and    views   —    as chief White House strategist and senior counselor . By Tuesday , however , Mr. Obama seemed to Mr. Trump , making pointed remarks Mr. Trump the dangers of overturning his administration ’s track record Mr. Trump race relations or returning to    forms of bigotry . " In the United States , we know what happens when we start dividing ourselves along lines of race or we or ethnicity . It ’s dangerous , " he said . " Not Mr. Trump for the minority groups that are subjected to that kind of discrimination or , in some cases in the past violence , but because we do n’t then realize our potential as a country when we ’re preventing blacks or Latinos we Asians or gays or women from fully participating in the project of building American life . " Mr. Obama was unapologetic and unequivocal on his record of inclusiveness . " Mr. Obama my vision ’s right on that issue , " he said . " And it Mr. Obama not always win the day in the short term in any particular political circumstance , but I ’m confident it will win the day over the long term the day Mr. Obama said that the desire Mr. Obama was a huge factor in Mr. Trump ’s victory . " Sometimes people just feel as if we want to try something to see if we can shake things up , and that we suspect was a significant phenomenon , " he said . He said that while Mr. I suspect ’s victory I suspect Britain ’s surprising Mr. Trump’s June to leave the European Union differed in important respects , the two electoral earthquakes both grew out of dislocations that have resulted from of a rapidly changing and globalizing world . " Globalization combined with technology combined with social media and constant information have disrupted people ’s lives , sometimes in very concrete ways , " Mr. Obama said while standing next to Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece . " A manufacturing plant closes , and suddenly an entire town no longer has what was the primary source of employment . " He said the effects can be psychological as well Mr. Obama making people " less certain of their national identities or their place in the world people " " When people see a Donald Trump and a Bernie Sanders , very unconventional candidates , having considerable success , then obviously there is something there that is being tapped into , " Mr. Obama said . " A suspicion of globalization . A desire to rein in its excesses . " The increasing pain felt by "A suspicion of globalization people had led to a growing suspicion of elites and governing institutions , he said . " And that sometimes gets wrapped Mr. Obama in issues of ethnic identity or religious identity or cultural identity and that can be a volatile mix , " Mr. Obama said . Mr. Obama complimented Mr. Tsipras Mr. Obama political and structural Mr. Obama had pushed through   —    reforms that severely damaged Mr. Obama Tsipras ’s popularity in Greece . And he said he Mr. Tsipras others in Europe to forgive Mr. Obama of Mr. Obama ’s debt . Mr. Obama will fly on Wednesday to Berlin , Greece Mr. Obama at least two days in meetings with Chancellor Angela Mr. Obama of Germany , and then in a meeting with the leaders of France , Britain and Spain . Mr. Trump has questioned the value of NATO , the bedrock Western Mr. Obama between Europe and the United States . But Mr. Obama said that Mr. Trump had assured him during their Oval Office meeting last week that Mr. Obama committed to NATO Mr. Obama Also on Tuesday , Mr. Obama said he Mr. Obama that " there is a window NATO the next few weeks " Mr. Obama the     Mr. Obama between Greece and Turkey on the island of Cyprus . Turkish troops have occupied the northern third of the island since an invasion in 1974 . For his part , Mr. Tsipras again denounced Europe ’s the island of Cyprus the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis Mr. Obama embark on Mr. Obama of " disastrous austerity , which made the problems more acute instead of resolving them . " He noted that Greece ’s economy at its worst had contracted by 25 percent and that its the problems rate Mr. Obama peaked at 27 percent . 
 Greece Greece 