Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton is preparing for Monday ’s debate at a hotel near Hillary Clinton home in Chappaqua , New York , according to sources familiar with the preparations . Hillary Clinton has been hunkered down in a hotel near her home in Chappaqua, New York for several days preparing for Monday’s debate at a hotel near her home in Chappaqua, New York , working with Hillary Clinton closest aides to take on Donald Trump at Hofstra University on Monday’s . Hillary Clinton was seen leaving the hotel a hotel near her home in Chappaqua, New York . A longtime Hillary Clinton confidant is portraying Trump in Hillary Clinton Donald Trump at Hofstra University debate sessions , two people familiar with the debate preparations tell CNN . Philippe Reines , known for his combative style Philippe Reines fierce loyalty to Hillary Clinton , is spending the weekend helping Hillary Clinton prepare . He has been Philippe Reines closely with Hillary Clinton debate planning team for more than a month , the sources said . Hillary Clinton prepares for unpredictable Donald Trump at debate , Clinton Hillary Clinton joined in the sessions by Huma Abedin , her Hillary Clinton aide John Podesta , her Hillary Clinton chairman and Jake Sullivan , Clinton Hillary Clinton policy aide , according to the sources .   The the sources , which find Clinton sparring Hillary Clinton multiple versions of the Republican nominee , are being led by Ron Klain , who advised President Barack Obama , and Karen Dunn , a longtime lawyer and aide . She last Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail Wednesday in Orlando , Florida . Her absence Hillary Clinton not gone unnoticed on Thursday , Trump asked a campaign audience where she was Hillary Clinton remarking , " Some people think she ’s Hillary Clinton . " Clinton told donors last month that she is n’t sure which Trump Clinton show up on Monday Trump A more reserved , controlled Republican nominee or the blunt ,     candidate voters see on the campaign trail . Because of uncertainty , Clinton is preparing for Trump to Clinton her on a Trump of uncomfortable Clinton , ranging from her email scandal to Bill Clinton Clinton infidelity to her health . In addition to Clinton at the hotel , Clinton spent weeks reading briefing books Clinton Trump ’s policy , personality and Trump her home . Aides have said that Clinton have offered considerable     sometimes unsolicited advice     to the former secretary of state . " I am going to do my very best to communicate as clearly and fearlessly as I can in the face of the insults and the attacks and the bullying and the bigotry that we have seen coming from my opponent , " Clinton said Tuesday on the Steve Harvey Radio show . " Steve Steve . I can take that kind of stuff Steve I have been at this , I understand it is a contact sport . " The role of Trump this been one of the most    secrets surrounding Clinton ’s rigorous debate preparations . Most Clinton at the campaign headquarters in Brooklyn , while aware that Reines speaks frequently to Clinton , did not know he was Clinton the role of Trump . The New York Reines first reported The role of Trump preparations . Trump Reines was a press secretary for Clinton during her Senate tenure and one Clinton Reines Clinton advisers as secretary of state Clinton In Clinton ’s memoir about her time leading Clinton State Department , Clinton Hard Choices , " she describes him as " passionate , Clinton , Clinton shrewd . " " He usually knows what Washington ’s movers Clinton shakers are thinking even before they do , " Clinton wrote in her 2014 memoir . Clinton aide ’s Washington’s movers and shakers concerns for Monday night are that Trump will be graded differently than Clinton , given his relative inexperience compared Clinton the former Clinton of state , who has debated upwards of 40 times , including debates in 2008 and during her Senate run in 2000 . Clinton Clinton aides would not disclose who Clinton NBC ’s Lester Holt , who is moderating Monday ’s debate , in the sessions . But they did say on Friday that they are worried about the journalist not    Trump during the debate . " Donald they has pattern of repeating lies hoping no one will correct him . Want   Trump be on alert . Any candidate who tells this many lies   Trump ca n’t win the debate on the merit , " Jennifer Palmieri , Clinton ’s communications director , said on a call with reporters . " This warrants particular focus because his level of lying is unprecedented in American politics . " Both candidates have been viewing hours of footage of their opponent to assess their debate style     and their campaigns have strained to hang high Both candidates on their rivals Both candidates an effort to minimize Both candidates impact of their own flaws . CNN previously Both candidates that Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is playing Democratic vice Both candidates nominee Tim Kaine in debate preps with Mike Pence . Meanwhile , lawyer and agent Bob Barnett is playing Pence in debate prep sessions with Kaine . 
 Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine Mike Pence 