  ( CNN ) The Kenyan government says The Kenyan government will appeal a court ruling Thursday thwarting The Kenyan government plan to close the Dadaab refugee camp , the largest in the world .   In a statement posted on Twitter , The Kenyan government said that The Kenyan government has " the cardinal responsibility of providing security for all Kenyans " and claimed the complex in eastern Kenya , which is the size of a large town , has become " a launchpad for various terrorist attacks by   . "   Earlier in the day , Judge John Mativo said in a ruling that closure of Dadaab violates the country ’s constitution . The government ’s closure and repatriation plans are " arbitrary , discriminatory and undignifying and hence a violation of Articles 27 and 28 of ’s constitution and consequently the same is null and void , " Judge John Mativo declared .   The government The government held the view that Dadaab Dadaab been used as a base by the    terror group . The camp began to grow with the outbreak of instability and violence in Somalia in the early 1990s and is currently home to approximately 260 , 000 people . Relief at court decision , Ahmed , 24 , a refugee who was born in Dadaab Dadaab told CNN over the phone that the court ’s ruling this morning came as a relief .    " Ever since the government of Kenya said that the camp should close in six months we were just fearing that the government would the government of Kenya six months is ended and each and every one should go . That was all we have been worrying we . " Human rights groups also applauded the court ’s decision .   " After months of anxiety because of the camp closure deadline hanging over their heads , increasingly restricted asylum options and the recent US administration suspension of refugee resettlement , the court ’s judgement the court’s a hope that they may still have a choice Somali refugees than returning to insecure and    Somalia , " said Laetitia Bader , Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch , in a statement .   Somali refugees in Kenya affected by Trump ’s travel ban , Somalia was one of the country ’s included in US Kenya Trump ’s executive order to bar citizens of Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen from entering Somalia US for 90 days . The ban also prevents entry for all refugees for 120 days .     thousand refugees in Kenya , most of them from Somalia , were affected by all refugees ban Somalia Yvonne Ndege , the The ban Kenya for the United Nations refugee agency , Kenya CNN .   Somalia elects an " American " president Somalia Yesterday , Somalia ’s Parliament elected former Prime Minister Somalia Farmajo , a dual    citizen , as the country ’s new president . Farmajo was Somalia after incumbent President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud dropped out of the contest following the second round of voting . The 328 members of Parliament met at an air force hangar in Mogadishu to cast their votes because of fears of a terrorist attack . The 328 members of Parliament the doors to the US appearing to close , many Dadaab residents now wanted to go back to Somalia , according to Abdi Maalim , a freelance    journalist .   " Even the    refugees in the camp now have some hope in their country because of the new president who is very Even the   refugees in the camp seen as the people ’s president , " he said .   Famine looms for 3 million Somalis the new president who is very much seen as the people’s president Maalim said those keen to return were largely from the cities , which have so far not been affected by a terrible drought that has gripped large swathes of Somalia .   The UN ’s Food and Agriculture Organization says up to three million people face hunger and even starvation because of poor rains that have wiped out crops and livestock . " We are no longer talking about a drought crisis in Somalia , or even a severe drought crisis , " Somalia ’s Somalia Representative Dick Trenchard told CNN . " We are Somalia about preventing famine in several areas of CNN country in the second half of the year , Somalia Bay in the south and Puntland in the north . Every Somali knows how bad the situation is and the potential catastrophe that lies ahead unless there is a massive and immediate increase in support and humanitarian assistance . " Kenyan human rights groups take lead , The high court ruling came in response to a petition not to shut Dadaab by two Kenyan human rights organizations , Kenya National Commission on Human Rights Kenyan Kituo Cha Sheria . The camp was initially due to be closed on 30 November 2016 , but the government announced a    delay on " humanitarian grounds . " Occupying about 50 square kilometers in Kenya ’s Garissa County , Dadaab has four    of Hagadera , Ifo , Dagahaley and Dadaab , making it the largest refugee camp in the world by population . The camps were initially designed to host just 160 , 000 people , yet the population rose dramatically between 2010 and 2013 , mostly due to famine . A spokesman for Kenya ’s Interior Ministry said the court ’s judgment did not impact an ongoing " voluntary " repatriation program that has already seen 46 , 000 Somali refugees return home over the past six weeks .  
 