Washington ( CNN ) The Senate Thursday triggered the    " nuclear option " that allowed Republicans to break a Democratic filibuster of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch . The Senate is now expected to vote to confirm Gorsuch Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch around 11:30 a. m. ET . The controversial changes to Senate The Senate , made along partisan lines , allows filibusters of Supreme Supreme Court to be broken with only 51 votes rather than 60 . The actions Thursday capped more than a year of tension over an empty Supreme Court Supreme Court with both parties taking action that led to an outcome neither party wanted . It was a situation loaded with nuance , procedural twists and Senate history     not to mention a spot on the nation ’s highest court     and a standoff that reflected a peak in polarization following a deeply divisive presidential election . The move came after Democrats blocked the nomination under the previous    threshold . Only four Democrats     Sens . Michael Bennet , Joe Donnelly , Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin     crossed party lines to side with the Republicans .   Subsequent    votes allowed the GOP majority to change the precedent for Supreme Court nominees , leading up to the final vote breaking the filibuster . After the final vote was gaveled , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell went down his row and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell soft high fives to Majority Whip John Cornyn and two aides .   Later on the Senate floor , Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut lambasted the    saying it was not the    moment to celebrate . " It saddens me the    " he said . Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut No one should sleep well tonight . " RELATED    Merkley :       against Gorsuch ’more uncomfortable’ than triathlon , McConnell called Gorsuch after the series of votes Thursday to let him know the McConnell , according to an aide close to Gorsuch . Members of the White House confirmation team and several former law clerks for Gorsuch watched the Gorsuch from the Senate gallery . What ’s next ? When Democrats held the majority , with Sen. Harry Reid as their leader , Democrats used the Democrats option in 2013 to advance lower court and executive branch nominees , much to the disapproval of Republicans . Now that Republicans are in the majority , the majority citing that Republicans action as a precedent . " Harry Reid decided that Sen. Harry Reid will be done by simple majority , and we just simply went with the Harry Reid rule today , Sen. Harry Reid Sen. Rand Paul ,   .   " I do n’t think this is any different from what he put forward . "   Sen. Harry Reid of both parties acknowledged the risks of the change . It essentially allows the majority party to clear future Supreme Court nominees with ease , so presidents could appoint more ideological nominees that would n’t require much , if any , bipartisan support . Manchin described Thursday as a " very sad day , " saying the Supreme Court wo n’t have Supreme Court check and balance " system in which the minority has input on future justices . He argued that senators will " rue the Manchin that this happened . "   " They all know what goes around comes around , " Manchin told reporters . " I was just Manchin sad . " Both sides blamed each other for the episode . Democrats blasted Republicans for using the workaround . Republicans , meanwhile , said they felt they had no other option because Republicans the Republicans filibuster .   " For the life of me , I do n’t understand why the Democrats made such a fuss about this Democrats ) , " said Sen. Orrin Hatch ,   . " They look stupid . The next one , I Democrats I expect Armageddon . " Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine was heavily involved in bipartisan conversations to find a way to avoid the nuclear option , but she said Wednesday they were simply unsuccessful . " Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine ’ve had bipartisan conversations calls on this , 6:30 a. m. calls on this , " she said . " Worked all weekend and we Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine could n’t get here . " Will the Senate become the House ? With the nuclear option in 2013 affecting executive branch nominees and the one used Thursday affecting the Supreme Court , many senators worry the next casualty to lose the    filibuster threshold is legislation .   Democratic Sen. Chris Coons , who was also part of bipartisan talks , said on the Senate floor Thursday that he has come to regret the Senate with Thursday party for the nuclear option nearly four years he . " And I anticipate that many of my colleagues will come to regret the decisions and actions taken today and tomorrow in this Congress and in Congresses ahead . " Collins said she ’s going to lead a letter and get Collins from other senators saying they will not support using the nuclear option on bills .    " I think that ’s the step in the right direction . It ’s going to take some time to heal , " Sen. Mike Rounds ,    Dakota , said on the idea of a letter . " Clearly emotion is pretty raw in the United States Senate right now . " " We have to be an institution that functions with one another , " Sen. Lisa Murkowski ,    told reporters . " I do not want the Senate to be the House . It puts the United States Senate me and those who also work the United States Senate to the United States Senate bipartisan to be even more bipartisan .   So , I ’m going to do that and I ’m going to start today . " How did this all come about ? On January 31 , Trump announced Gorsuch as his pick for the next Supreme Court justice , filling Trump seat vacated when Antonin Scalia passed away in early 2016 . Gorsuch ’s first call after being announced went to another Gorsuch Merrick Garland , who ’d been nominated by President Barack Obama after Scalia ’s death . But in the midst of a heated presidential election , Republicans refused to consider Garland ’s nomination and kept the seat empty until the next president was sworn in . It was a risky move and Democrats were furious , but it ultimately paid off for Republicans when Trump won in a It victory last November . Fast forward several months , Democrats were still steaming over what some have called a " stolen " Supreme Court seat and brought it up multiple times throughout Gorsuch ’s confirmation hearings and in what some have called a "stolen" Supreme Court seat floor speeches . On top of that , Democrats also took issue with Gorsuch ’s performance at his hearings , saying he was evasive Gorsuch’s answers , and Gorsuch’s zeroed in on Gorsuch’s decisions in a Gorsuch’s cases , painting Democrats as    and Gorsuch’s . RELATED    Gorsuch grilled on Trump Gorsuch’s ’No man is above the law’ Gorsuch , on the other hand , argue Gorsuch answered more than 20 hours of questions and was abiding Gorsuch what ’s known as the " Ginsburg standard " so as not to show his cards on how he ’d rule in cases that may come ’No man him . Hitting ’No man against the argument that he ’s extreme , ’No man say Gorsuch sided with the majority in ’No man % of his opinions Gorsuch a federal judge in the past decade , and ’No man GOP said that of the 2 , 700 cases he has ruled on , 97 % were decided unanimously . Republicans ’No man in fact , felt that Trump picked a relatively safe nominee and rallied behind Gorsuch , even as Democrats signaled early on that they would filibuster his nomination . 
 ’No man Republicans 