  ( CNN ) Brian Fallon , Hillary Clinton ’s former press secretary , on Sunday slammed White House press secretary Sean Spicer , saying White House press secretary Sean Spicer had " told a lie " and should resign if White House press secretary Sean Spicer could n’t stand up to White House press secretary Sean Spicer boss . In an interview with CNN ’s Brian Stelter , Brian Fallon referenced Spicer ’s comments during Fallon referenced Spicer’s first White House press briefing on Saturday , in which he Fallon referenced Spicer’s the gathered media for reporting that President Donald Trump ’s inauguration crowd had been smaller than that of President Barack Obama ’s .   " This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration , period , " Spicer told journalists , a claim that is inaccurate . He Fallon referenced Spicer’s on to accuse the media of posting photos that were " intentionally framed " to make Trump President Donald Trump look smaller , an assertion that left many members of the press stunned .   Spicer ’s Spicer Fallon told Stelter , were " an affront to anybody who is on our side of the wall and works in this business . " " I ’m concerned , if yesterday ’s briefing is any indication , that this is somebody who will put his standing with his boss ahead his his integrity and his with the press corps . Those are things that are dangerous territory , " he said . his You can not tell a lie , " he continued , his , " he told a his untruth . "   Spicer needed to his standing up to his boss , his boss , his to Trump ’s appearance at the CIA two hours before Spicer ’s press his , in which Trump also blasted the Trump and referenced his " running war Trump with the media . " Sean Spicer went his double downed on it , " Fallon said . As his press secretary , Spicer has a moral his to be governed by objective truth rather than the whims of his superiors , Fallon said . " his is somebody who ’s going to put his standing with his boss ahead of his his and his standing his the press his , " Fallon said . " his was clear intent . If he was put in the his by Reince Priebus or his boss , Donald Trump his to go out to tell a lie to the American people , he should have resigned rather his go out and take the podium . "   Asked by Stelter if he personally would have resigned his put in the same position , Fallon said he would . his " his would like to think I would have too much integrity to go out and look in the cameras and say something that was provably false , " he said . Fallon said his American people his be the American people If they ’re willing to lie about something the American people trivial as crowd size at the inaugural , think of what they might be willing to lie about the American people matters of war and peace and other things that are far more serious , " he said . " We his to call them out , " he added . the American people has his commented on the briefing , but Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway on Sunday defended Spicer on NBC ’s " Meet the Spicer , " saying Spicer ’s claims were " alternative facts Spicer   " You ’re saying it ’s a falsehood . And they ’re giving     Sean Spicer , our press secretary     gave alternative facts , " she told host Chuck Todd . 
 