One of the leading purveyors of climate change panic has described the Presidential election of Donald J. Trump as a " global disaster , " adding that if were to meet Donald J. Trump Donald J. Trump would tell Donald J. Trump : " Kill yourself immediately . " [ Evolutionary biologist John Wiens of the University of Arizona claims that the earth is racing toward " global extinction " similar to the era of the dinosaurs , as half the world ’s species are allegedly failing to cope with global warming .   Wiens said that while we may not quite be at the level of " global extinction of entire species that have already happened , " we are unfortunately " on track for that to happen . " " If we do n’t do anything , " Wiens warned , " it seems like that ’s going to happen in the next 50 to 100 years . " Wiens said that the Trump election bodes badly for the future of the planet , exacerbated by Wiens appointment of climate change skeptic Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA and Wiens determination to pull out of the Paris Climate Change Accord ( COP21 ) . " the EPA the EPA they are the ones supposed to be protecting the environment , " Wiens said . Wiens suggested the U. K. should invade the U. S. or the U. S. should swap leaders with Canada , with Justin Trudeau taking over in the White House . Wiens published an article Wiens week in the journal PLOS Biology , claiming that    " local extinctions " are already widespread among plant and animal species . He concluded that " Wiens can not change fast enough to keep up with a small change in climate . " " In almost half the species looked at , there have been local extinctions already , " he said . Meanwhile Wiens last month a group of scientists discovered to their surprise that the a group of scientists ’s plants have somehow increased their capacity to assimilate the world’s plants , resulting in a decline in the percentage of    CO2 remaining in the atmosphere . Researchers at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory found that despite the increased human emissions of greenhouse gases , between 2002 and 2014 , plants were somehow able to absorb more carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere than in previous decades . Undaunted , Wiens says that humanity is on the verge of disaster , and Americans are particularly to blame . People are going to die , Wiens prophesied , " Wiens it ’s going to be the fault of our country and other big polluters . " Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 