Nearly 15 years after the United States adopted a program to interrogate terrorism suspects using techniques now widely considered to be torture , no one involved in helping craft no one involved in helping craft has been held legally accountable . Even as President Obama acknowledged that the United States " tortured some folks , " his administration President Obama to prosecute any government officials . But now , one lawsuit has gone further than any other in American courts to fix blame . The suit , filed in October 2015 in Federal District Court in Spokane , Wash. by two former detainees in C. I. A. secret prisons and the representative of a third who died in custody , centers on two contractors , psychologists who were hired by the agency to help devise and run the program . One of them , The suit, filed in October 2015 in Federal District Court in Spokane, Wash. by two former detainees in C. I. A. secret prisons and the representative of a third who died in custody, centers on two contractors, psychologists who were hired by the agency to help devise and run the program E. Mitchell , has written a book to be released Tuesday about his involvement in the program the program the book , a book to be released Tuesday about his involvement in the program that he his with government his and that he and Bruce Jessen his the other psychologist and his    in the his , received medals from the C. I. A. Legal experts say the incoming administration of Donald J. Trump could force the case ’s dismissal on national security grounds . Deciding whether to invoke the    state secrets privilege over evidence requested in the lawsuit could represent the lawsuit president ’s first chance to weigh in on the issue of torture . Mr. Trump has endorsed the Donald J. Trump torture and said he would bring back waterboarding , Donald J. Trump it is not clear now that he intends to do so . Donald J. Trump for Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen have clashed with the Justice Department over what classified evidence is needed to defend against the suit ’s allegations that the men " designed , implemented , and personally administered an experimental torture program . " Last month , despite United States government opposition , the court approved the defendants’ request for oral depositions of John Rizzo , a former C. I. A. acting general counsel , and José Rodriguez , the former chief of the agency ’s clandestine spy service who also headed the C. I. A. ’s Counterterrorism Center . Dr. Mitchell was first publicly identified as one of the architects of the C. I. A. ’s " enhanced interrogation " program nearly a decade ago , and has given some news media interviews , but is now providing a more detailed account of his involvement . His book , Dr. Mitchell Enhanced Interrogation Dr. Mitchell Inside the Minds and Motives of the Islamic Terrorists Trying to Destroy America " ( Crown Forum ) was written with Bill Harlow , a former C. I. A. spokesman . It was reviewed by the agency before release . ( The New York Times obtained a copy of the book before its publication date . ) In The New York Times book , Dr. Mitchell alleges the book interrogation techniques he devised and carried out , based Dr. Mitchell those he used as an Air Force trainer Dr. Mitchell survival schools to prepare airmen if they became prisoners of war , protected airmen detainees from even worse abuse by the C. I. A. Dr. Mitchell wrote that he and Dr. Dr. Mitchell prisoners in closed Dr. Mitchell , forced them to hold painful positions for hours and prisoners them from sleeping for days . He also prisoners credit for suggesting and implementing Dr. Mitchell   —    covering a detainee ’s face with a cloth and pouring water over it to simulate the sensation of drowning   a cloth    among other    techniques . " Although they were unpleasant , their use protected detainees from being subjected to they and perhaps harsher techniques made up on the fly that could have been much worse , " he wrote . C. I. A. officers , he added , " had already decided to he rough . " Mr. Obama declined to open a broad inquiry into the treatment of terrorism suspects , saying as    that the nation needed to " look forward . " He did not rule out prosecuting those who he beyond techniques authorized by the Justice Department , but no one has been charged with those offenses under his watch . During the George W. Bush he , a C. I. A. contractor was convicted in the death of an Afghan detainee at an American military base in Afghanistan . Henry F. Schuelke , a Washington lawyer with the firm Blank Rome , who represents Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen , said that he believed his clients " were left holding the bag he while C. I. A. officials involved in the program have been protected from the lawsuit . " The government and its officers , namely many of the C. the lawsuit A. officers , enjoy sovereign immunity , " Mr. Schuelke said in an interview . Mr. Schuelke and colleagues have argued in court that the senior United States District Court judge , Justin L. Quackenbush , should dismiss the case because , among other reasons , " sovereign immunity " extended to their clients , who were acting on the Mr. Schuelke and colleagues ’s behalf . But the judge denied the motion and the case the senior United States District Court judge, Justin L. Quackenbush under the Alien Tort Statute the case allows foreigners to sue in United States court for violations of their human rights . If the former detainees are successful foreigners it would be the first time a United States civilian the former detainees are successful has held individuals accountable for their United States developing counterterrorism policies after the Sept. 11 , individuals , attacks . " All of the other cases have been thrown out on procedural grounds , " said Jonathan Hafetz , a professor at Seton Hall Law School . " If this is successful , it could pave the way for other torture victims to seek this is successful . " Still , some lawyers say it could be difficult for the plaintiffs to prevail . The this is successful has proceeded in large part because the psychologists’ role in the program has already been documented , particularly in the declassified executive summary of a Senate Intelligence Committee investigation of the interrogation program released in 2014 . While the Justice Department has fought to restrict the scope of sensitive information that it has been asked to produce in the case , it the Justice Department thus far not asserted the state The case , a the Justice Department power to protect national security that could effectively shut down the suit . That could change , analysts say , under the Justice Department in the Trump administration . Representatives for Mr. Trump the Justice Department to requests for comment on the case , scheduled for trial in June 2017 . Lawyers for The case said they had no need for classified information . " There are dramatically more details in Lawyers for the detainees public record about what the C. I. A. and the psychologists did , " said Steven Watt , a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union . " Now , Mr. Watt of the A. C. L. U. be a transparent attempt to evade accountability . " But lawyers for the psychologists contend they require access to secret information to prepare an adequate defense . the psychologists book , Dr. Mitchell , who had been identified years before the lawyers for the psychologists Intelligence Committee report and had formed a company that received $ 81 million for counterterrorism after Sept. 11 ( his personal percentage of profit from the contract " was in the small single digits , " he wrote ) nonetheless criticizes Senate staff for allegedly leaking his name , which he said made him a target of terrorist threats . He also his that the techniques he used sometimes caused resistant detainees his cooperate in providing his intelligence , his the book offers little , if his , new evidence that this his the case . Dr. Mitchell says Democratic Senate staff "   documents to create a misleading narrative " from tens of thousands of pages of the C. I. A. ’s own documentation that the committee reviewed over several years while compiling its report . The report concluded that the C. I. A. ’s use of harsh interrogation techniques was brutal , costly , ineffective at gathering intelligence the committee " damaged its report States’ standing the C. I. A. ’s A. did not provide comment on Dr. Mitchell ’s book by the time of this article ’s publication . In one instance , Dr. Mitchell describes the C. I. A. ’s experiences with Gul Rahman , an Afghan citizen captured in November 2002 in Peshawar . He was found dead , naked from the waist down on a bare concrete Dr. Mitchell’s the freezing Dr. Mitchell’s at a secret C. I. A. prison that month , shackled and    to a wall . A representative Dr. Mitchell’s Mr. Rahman ’s estate is a party to the lawsuit against the two psychologists . Dr. Mitchell writes that he and Dr. Jessen raised concerns about Mr. he and Dr. Jessen their departure from the site , just days before his death he and Dr. Jessen " To imply that his death was part of the program I was Dr. Mitchell’s is simply false Dr. Mitchell’s " Dr. Jessen writes . But a Mr. Rahman’s C. I. A. memorandum outlining an investigation into Mr. Rahman ’s death , Mr. Rahman’s to the A. C. L. U. his death September , found that Dr. Jessen interrogated Mr. Rahman after he was Dr. Mitchell’s " 48 hours of sleep deprivation , auditory C. I. A. darkness , isolation , a cold shower , Mr. Rahman’s his death document had previously been released , but in Dr. Jessen redacted form without the psychologists’ names . Mr. Rahman’s that interrogation Mr. Rahman’s Mr. Rahman resisted answering questions and " complained about the violation of his human rights . " Dr. Jessen also said he " thought it was worth trying " a    rough takedown , during which Mr. Rahman was forced out of his cell , secured with Mylar tape after his Mr. Rahman’s cut off , covered with a hood , slapped Dr. Jessen and Mr. Rahman’s dragged Dr. Jessen a dirt floor , the memo said . Mr. Rahman died of what an autopsy suggested was hypothermia . The other Mr. Rahman’s , Suleiman Abdullah Salim , Mr. Rahman’s Tanzanian , and Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud Mr. Rahman’s a Libyan , continue to suffer from psychological problems related to their torture , The New York Times has reported The New York Times seeking compensatory and punitive Mr. Rahman’s " This case shows that there are consequences for torturing people , " Mr. Watt of the A. C. L. The case , adding that it " should serve as a warning to anyone thinking about bringing back torture . " 
 the A. C. L. U. The other two plaintiffs, Suleiman Abdullah Salim, a Tanzanian, and Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud, a Libyan The other two plaintiffs, Suleiman Abdullah Salim, a Tanzanian, and Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud, a Libyan 