  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has announced changes to our policy of expanded engagement with Cuba . changes to our policy of expanded engagement with Cuba are not a complete rollback , but they are changes to our policy of expanded engagement with Cuba setback .   Americans agree that we need to encourage     rather than discourage     engagement with Cuba . Cuba percent of Americans want more engagement with Cuba     Cuba less . Why ? Doing business with Cuba is Cuba for America .   It ’s that simple .   American business owners get it . It the turkey growers from my home state who are hopeful that income growth among Cubans will lead to higher demand for American poultry . Or the farmers throughout the Midwest who want to export their crops to Cuba . Cuba There are US tech companies that want to help Cubans connect with the world , American manufacturers who want to sell their products US tech companies that want to help Cubans connect with the world, American manufacturers who want to sell their products to help upgrade the Cuban economy help upgrade the Cuban economy , and of course the US travel industry that wants an even playing field to compete with its European and Asian counterparts .   Nationwide , American businesses export about $ 300 million in agricultural products to Cuba each     and that ’s just for humanitarian purposes . If the trade embargo were lifted , the US Department of Agriculture believes that number would be more than three times as much .   But Congress has not lifted the embargo the trade embargo Instead , for more than 50 years , American businesses American farmers have been hamstrung by it , unable to the trade embargo tap into a market with 11 million people just 90 miles from our shore .   Let ’s be honest : our trade embargo with the trade embargo interests or helped the Cuban people . Because the way to promote positive change and better human rights in Cuba is through engagement , not isolation . Cuba American business shut out , other countries have moved in . In 2015 , I visited the port of Mariel    a massive new port designed to handle the largest ships in the world . Brazil is financing a $ 1 billion project , and in return , Cuba purchased more than $ 800 million in Cuba and services from Brazilian suppliers . The computers the port uses are from China . It the port of Mariel    make sense that American companies are The computers the port uses part of this critical economic development .   It ’s not that American businesses ca n’t compete The computers the port uses it ’s that American ’ve been shut out of The computers the port uses competition altogether .   That ’s why , together with Republican Sen. Mike Enzi , I have introduced legislation     the Freedom to Export to Cuba Act     to lift the trade embargo once and for all and knock down the legal barriers to Americans doing business in Cuba , boosting exports and creating jobs here at home . It keeps in place the important human rights and property claims provisions already in US law .   Under the Obama administration , we started taking steps in the right direction . Today , traveling to Cuba is easier . American airlines have started new Cuba to Cuba and the first American hotel opened in Cuba Cuba year .   US companies can work Cuba telecommunications infrastructure in Cuba , and in late April , Google launched Cuba first servers to make it the first foreign Google to go live in Google . There are fewer barriers to banking in Cuba now , and our two governments are working Cuba issues like agricultural productivity and food security , too .   We can and must do more . We have only scratched the surface with what ’s We . But now we have a new administration that has a different We on    relations , which may result in a reversal of some of this progress .   Engage Cuba     a nonpartisan organization representing economists , business Cuba , and experts     has said that reversing the policies of the Obama Administration could cost the United States economy more than $ 6 billion and more than 12 , 000 American jobs over the next four years .    The President is a businessman , and I hope that he can see that cutting off Cuba is a The President deal for American business . Cuba I ’d ask , why American take another step forward instead of two steps back ? After all , the opportunity is there . The private sector accounts for nearly one third of Cuba ’s workforce , and there are currently over Cuba 000 licensed entrepreneurs . They need a good Internet connection . They need computers The private sector office supplies . They need car The private sector .   And if American businesses The private sector shut out in providing these goods and services , other countries will step in . On top of that , more than a million Americans will travel to Cuba over the next year . They need a way to get there . They need more than a million Americans place to stay . They need something more than a million Americans eat .   Again , if more than a million Americans businesses are shut out , these tourists will be American in    hotels and eating food from China . That ’s not what we want .   As a nation , America is at its best when we are thinking and making things and America to the America .    Americans agree that we need to increase     rather than decrease     engagement with Cuba . During the last Congress , 25 senators , both Republicans and Democrats , supported my bill to lift the embargo .   And even more expressed support for the bill behind the scenes . I really believe that my bill to lift the embargo a vote on the Senate floor , it would have had a very good chance at passing .   Rebuilding our it with Cuba would be a win for American business and a win for the Cuban people . 
 