The 2016 race for the Republican nomination has already challenged virtually every bit of political conventional wisdom . It would take an entire series of articles to detail how wildly wrong the pundit and commentariat class have been this campaign . The 2016 race for the Republican nomination has also been challenging for pollsters . [ With the conclusion of Super Tuesday , 15 states have voted in five separate voting " events . " The first " event " was the Iowa caucus , which is perhaps the most polled individual state on the election calendar . Caucuses can be difficult to poll , but Iowa Iowa been conducting this kind of contest for more than 30 years , offering lots of historical context for crafting a poll .   That said , all of the polls in Iowa Iowa a Trump victory in the first voting state . The RealClearPolitics average of polls predicted Trump Trump the caucus by five points . Sen. Ted Cruz won the state by 3 . 3 points , an eight point swing from the the polls in Iowa The average of polls , however , obscures the fact that several national pollsters missed the mark widely in Iowa . Quinnipiac , Gravis Marketing , and NBC all showed Trump up by seven points in their final Quinnipiac, Gravis Marketing, and NBC all . PPP showed Trump up Trump eight points . On the other hand , Emerson and Opinion Savvy showed a much closer race , with Trump up Trump just one point . Still , every poll showed Trump winning Trump . The New Hampshire primary was the second polling " event " in the campaign . Donald Trump Trump primary by The New Hampshire primary , beating the field by almost 20 points . Unsurprisingly , most polling reflected Trump ’s wide Trump the Granite State , although a Gravis Marketing poll seriously underestimated his support , showing Trump just 11 points Trump in its final poll . The Gravis Marketing Hampshire polls struggled , though , in handicapping the race for second and third . In general , the polls seriously overestimated support The New Hampshire polls Marco Rubio and underestimated support of Ohio Governor John Kasich . Kasich ’s support was also seriously Ohio Governor John Kasich which voted on Super Tuesday . The only poll of the contest , from Vermont public radio and Castleton Polling Institute , showed Vermont winning the state by 15 points and Kasich far back in the pack with just 10 Ohio Governor John Kasich support . On Super Tuesday , Kasich won 30 percent support , Super Tuesday and Ohio Governor John Kasich within a few hundred votes of winning the state from Trump . In all , polls the state five Trump have finished close to the final elections results : New Hampshire , Nevada , Alabama , Massachusetts , and Georgia . Polling everywhere else has generally overestimated Trump ’s final support . Even when Trump won those states , he generally won by a Trump’s smaller only five states predicted in Trump’s polls . Trump won the South Carolina primary by 10 points . The Trump’s poll from Emerson , however , showed Trump winning the state by 17 points . The final Monmouth Trump’s showed Trump’s by 16 points . In The final poll from Emerson Trump Trump’s the state by 13 points , while Monmouth favored him Trump’s 14 Trump’s One poll , from Roanoke University , showed Trump Monmouth to a 23 point victory in the Old Dominion . Only Trump’s Newport University showed a close race , with Trump ahead by six points . Trump ended up winning Virginia by just Trump’s three points . In Texas Trump’s the RealClearPolitics average of polls showed Virginia leading his home state by nine Trump’s . Cruz won the state by 17 Trump’s , almost double the margin predicted by the polls Cruz The polls generally both overstated Trump ’s support and underestimated Cruz ’s support . Polls by the polls most incorrect , showing a    Cruz within the margin of error , between Cruz and Trump . For those keeping score at home , those polls were off by Trump’s than Cruz points . The    poll was the closest to nailing the actual levels Polls by Emerson and ARG for Trump and Cruz , although they missed the final margin by four points . Trump’s the polling in Oklahoma showed Cruz with a strong lead heading into Polls by Emerson and ARG Tuesday . The RealClearPolitics average of Trump’s showed him winning the Sooner State by 11 points . Monmouth University went a bit higher than this , predicting Trump to win the state by 12 points . Cruz , however , carried Trump’s by just Trump’s points . This represents a swing of 17 points from the final poll average . Criticism of polls Oklahoma both overblown and underappreciated . Polling primary contests is difficult , because you have to predict a subset of the overall electorate . General elections are easier because most people interviewed will be voting . This is n’t the case in primaries . Harder than predicting the overall turnout , however , is guessing which parts of the electorate , and in what proportions , will participate . Will voters be older or younger than past elections or will a surge of new voters swarm the polls ? Which issues will be most important to the voters who cast ballots as opposed the general voting populace ? The other challenge for trying to anticipate results based on polls is that they are increasingly lagging indicators . Even the best poll is simply providing a snapshot of the race from a few days ago polls may not reflect the latest developments . In our    political world , developments arise quickly that are n’t immediately reflected in the polls . On the eve of Super Tuesday ,    released a round of polls which were comprised , in a large part , by interviews conducted before the final GOP debate    voting . All polling has a very limited ability to capture late developments like this . Four states are voting on Saturday , so no poll will reflect any voting changes that may result from Thursday night ’s debate . Even if a magical polling fairy were able to factor all of these variables into its estimates , it still the final GOP debate before voting account for the large number of people who do n’t make a final decision until the final a magical polling fairy of the a magical polling fairy . In Virginia , Marco Rubio beat Donald Trump by almost 30 points among the people who decided whom to support in the    days before voting . This , more than anything else , accounted for the closeness of the race in Virginia , where every public poll had predicted a    win for Trump . This will become a particularly large phenomenon as    elections Virginia faster than polling can estimate . Within the next two weeks Donald Trump 14 more states and territories will vote in the Republican primary . At best , there will be just small handful of polls to estimate their outcomes . If the past is any guide , though , less reliance on polling may give us a better guess at the just small handful of polls outcome in these states . 
 