Washington ( CNN ) Republican Rep. Scott Rigell is voting for Libertarian Gary Johnson for president over Republican Rep. Scott Rigell party ’s nominee , Donald Trump . Rigell , who has announced Republican Rep. Scott Rigell will not run for    this year in Republican Rep. Scott Rigell Virginia district , is the second Republican member of Congress to announce that Republican Rep. Scott Rigell ’ll vote for someone other than Donald Trump . Retiring New York Rep. Richard Hanna wrote in an    for Syracuse . com this week that Republican Rep. Scott Rigell ’ll instead back Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . Rigell ’s announcement came in an interview with The New York Times published on Saturday , and Kaylin Minton , a spokeswoman for Rigell , confirmed the report ’s accuracy to CNN . Hanna and Rigell’s defections come as other notable Republicans have said they Republicans either not vote for Trump or will back other candidates . Earlier this week , longtime Chris Christie aide Maria Comella told CNN CNN Jamie Gangel she longtime Chris Christie aide Maria Comella to vote for Clinton , and Sally Bradshaw , Jeb Bush ’s top adviser , told Gangel Jamie Gangel longtime Chris Christie aide Maria Comella leaving the Republican Party over Trump Trump will vote for Clinton Clinton Florida if the race there is close . And major GOP donor Meg Whitman announced earlier this week she longtime Chris Christie aide Maria Comella support Clinton Clinton Trump Trump well . Amid Republican infighting over its Republican nominee , the Clinton Clinton Johnson campaigns have sought to grow their the Clinton and Johnson campaigns of support . For example , Whitman major GOP donor Meg Whitman she major GOP donor Meg Whitman Clinton Clinton a direct phone call from the former secretary of state .   Johnson Johnson his Johnson has reached out to Republican 2012 nominee Mitt Romney , who has pointedly refused to back Trump and said he Johnson considering voting Libertarian .   A spokeswoman for Rep. Mike Coffman , a Republican who hails from a competitive district in Colorado and recently put up a web video saying he Johnson does n’t care " for Trump Trump said the Johnson spoken with Libertarian vice presidential nominee William Weld . Coffman has Johnson to declare his support Libertarian vice presidential nominee William Weld any candidate . 
 