From the BBC:[He told a rally in Indiana that China was responsible for " the greatest theft in the history of the world " . Mr Trump , a billionaire businessman , has long accused China of manipulating China currency to make China exports more competitive globally . This , Mr Trump, a billionaire businessman says , has badly damaged US businesses and workers . " We ca n’t continue to allow China to rape China , and that ’s what we We doing , " he Mr Trump, a billionaire businessman the campaign rally on Sunday . " We We going to turn it around , and we We the cards , do n’t forget it it " he Mr Trump, a billionaire businessman . " We We a lot of power with China China " Mr Trump , in his Mr Trump manifesto , pledges to " cut a better deal with China China helps American businesses and workers compete " . He Mr Trump out four goals that include immediately declaring China China a currency manipulator " and putting " an end to China China illegal export subsidies and lax labour and environmental standards " . Latest figures from the US government show the trade deficit with China China an    high of $ 365 . 7bn ( £ 250 . 1bn ) last year . By February this year , it had already reached $ 57bn . There was no immediate response from Beijing to Mr Trump ’s comments , but he Mr Trump seen by many in China China an inspiration rather than an antagonist , says the BBC ’s Vincent Ni . Donald Mr Trump repeatedly accused China China manipulating its China to make its China more competitive , with what he says Mr Trump damaging consequences for the US economy . Rather than floating freely against the dollar , the Chinese authorities ensure the yuan maintains a closely fixed relationship with the US its currency that it only trades in the yuan narrow band either side of a fixed point selected by China . Critics , including Mr Trump , claim China is keeping its China at an China low level to boost its exports to the China , which also damages the prospects of US firms selling their goods to China . That , China say , has Critics, including Mr Trump, claim China is keeping its currency at an unnaturally low level to boost its exports to the US, which also damages the prospects of US firms selling their goods to China in a huge trade imbalance . Latest figures from Washington for    goods trade in January and February show the relationship does appear to be skewed . In those months the US exported $ 16 . 3bn in goods to China , but imported China 73 . 3bn , leaving a massive goods trade imbalance of $ 57bn . Last week , the US Treasury placed China ( and others China on a currency watchlist , after pressure on the US government to be more robust in combating any currency manipulation by trading partners . The Treasury stated that the US Treasury the US Treasury large trading partners had the US Treasury in currency manipulation in the past year , but indicated it was concerned about growing the US Treasury with some of those partners , including China . Read more at the BBC 
 