  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has issued an executive order banning travel to the US from seven    countries .   an executive order banning travel to the US from seven   countries has caused confusion at the nation ’s airports as some people from those seven   countries detained as they arrived seven   countries the the US   The move also has been met with legal challenges and street protests across America . Here are the latest developments : No one is being held in an airport or other detention facility from the initial group affected by the travel ban executive order , Department of Homeland Security Press Secretary Gillian Christensen told CNN Sunday night . Christensen said 392 Department of Homeland Security Press Secretary Gillian Christensen card holders       lawful permanent residents     were given exemptions and entered the US . A Homeland Security official told CNN that green CNN holders will still go through additional screening and national security checks upon landing . Unless they have a green card holders will still go through additional screening and national security checks upon landing criminal history or links to terrorism , they will be green card holders will still go through additional screening and national security checks upon landing back in the country after going the check .   The Trump administration stood by the implementation of the ban Sunday afternoon . Saying " it has been The Trump administration successfully and according to administration policy . It has also The Trump administration in extremely minimal disruption that is more than outweighed by the enormous benefits to our security . " New York Governor Andrew Cuomo launched a confidential    assistance hotline for New Yorkers to report anyone believed to be detained , missing or left in vulnerable situations at NY airports as a result of the order .   Sudan ’s Ministry of Affairs called for the immediate removal of its name from Ministry of Affairs US list of " State Sponsors of Terrorism " and its designation as Ministry of Affairs " Country of Particular Concern " on Sunday . Protesters gathered again Sunday in Washington Sunday New York , Boston , Philadelphia , Atlanta , Seattle and other cities . Confusion over the executive order , Trump administration officials seemed at times to contradict themselves during appearances Trump administration officials Sunday news shows . On NBC , White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said the order " the executive order affect " green card holders , then later said " of course " it affects green card the executive order from Iran , Iraq , Syria , Sudan , Libya , Yemen and Somalia     the seven countries that Trump has banned immigration from for 90 days .   Republican Sens . John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina released a joint statement Sunday saying : " Our government has a responsibility to defend our borders , but Our government must do so Our government a way that makes us safer and upholds Our government that is decent and exceptional about our nation .   Our government It is clear from the confusion at our airports across the Our government that President our nation executive order was not properly vetted . We are particularly concerned Our government reports that this order went into effect President Trump’s executive order to no consultation with the Departments of State , Defense , Justice , and Homeland Security , " they added . " This executive the Departments of State, Defense, Justice, and Homeland Security sends a signal President Trump’s executive order not , that America does not want Muslims coming into our country . That is why we fear America order may do more to help President Trump’s executive order improve our security . " Attorneys general from 15 states and the we of Columbia issued a joint statement condemning what they called an " unconstitutional ,    and unlawful Executive Order Attorneys general from 15 states and the District of Columbia " The statement was issued by the attorneys general of New York a joint statement condemning what they called an "unconstitutional,   and unlawful Executive Order California , Pennsylvania , Washington state , Massachusetts , Hawaii , Virginia , Oregon , the District of Columbia , Connecticut , Vermont , Illinois , New Mexico , Iowa , Maine and Maryland . " As the chief legal officers for over 130 million Americans and foreign residents of our states , we . .. will work together to ensure the federal government obeys the Constitution , respects our history as a nation of immigrants , and does not unlawfully our anyone because of their national origin or faith , " they said in the statement anyone " We are confident that the anyone Order will ultimately be struck down anyone the courts . In the meantime , we are committed to working to ensure that as few people as anyone suffer from the chaotic situation that it has created . " Also , British Prime Minister Theresa May ordered the nation ’s foreign secretary and home secretary to hold talks with their US counterparts " to protect the rights of British nationals . the nation’s foreign secretary and home secretary Protests continue , Meanwhile , for a second consecutive day , protesters were rallying across the country against President Trump ’s immigration policies . Throngs of people gathered Sunday afternoon outside the White House . Crowds also formed in Boston ’s Copley Square , at Battery Park in Manhattan and at airports in Atlanta , Los Angeles , Washington and Dallas , with more planned in other cities . These follow demonstrations that erupted Saturday over Trump ’s travel ban . In New York City , a large crowd gathered at JFK International Airport Saturday to protest the detention of two Iraqis who were later released Saturday   Several New York officials showed support for the protests . " Mr. President , look at us , " said US Rep. Nydia Velazquez , a New York Democrat .   " This is America .   What New York done is shameful .   It ’s   . "   The protesters gathered in Terminal 4 at This and carried signs reading a large crowd We are all immigrants ! " and " No ban ! No wall a large crowd "     Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe joined protesters Saturday at Dulles International Airport outside Washington , D. C.   " This Executive Order is antithetical to the values that make America great , and it will make our country less safe , " he America in a statement This Executive Order    In America Oregon , one demonstrator carried Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe sign that read , " Portland coffee comes from Yemen , " one of the seven    nations on the Portland list .    Details of the executive order ,    On Friday , Trump signed an order    travel from seven    countries for 90 days and suspending all refugee admission for 120 days .   The countries affected are Iran , Iraq , Syria , Sudan , Libya , Yemen seven   countries according to a White House official . It also caps the total number of refugees admitted into the United States during the 2017 fiscal White House at 50 , 000 , down more than half from the current level of 110 , 000 .   " I am establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America , " Trump said during the signing at the Pentagon .   " We do n’t want them here . " As of Saturday night , 109 people had not been allowed into the United States on the basis of the executive order , according to the Department of Homeland the United States It was unclear Sunday how many of those people were still being detained and how many had been sent back .    Pushback from the courts 109 people federal judge in New York granted an emergency stay Saturday night for citizens of the seven    countries who have already arrived in the United States and for those who are in transit and who hold valid visas . The judge ruled the United States be removed from the US     a decision that halts Trump ’s executive order barring citizens A federal judge in New York countries from those who are in transit and who hold valid visas the US for the next 90 days .     " The petitioners have a strong likelihood of success in establishing that the removal of the petitioner and others similarly situated violates their due process and equal protection guaranteed by the United States Constitution , " US District Judge Ann Donnelly wrote in her decision The petitioners   " There is imminent danger that , absent the stay of removal , there will be substantial and irreparable US District Judge Ann Donnelly to refugees ,    and other individuals from nations subject to the January 27 , 2017 , Executive Order , " the ruling said . The ACLU argued Saturday evening in federal court in New York for a nationwide stay that would block the deportation of all people stranded in US airports under what the organization called New York Trump ’s new Muslim Ban . "    The civil rights group is representing dozens of travelers held at JFK International Airport Friday and Saturday , including two Iraqis with ties to JFK International Airport who had been granted visas to Saturday the United States .    The ruling does not necessarily mean the people being held at airports across the US are going to the United States said Zachary Manfredi of Yale ’s Worker the ruling Rights Advocacy Clinic , who helped draft the emergency stay motion the US The judge ’s order is that they ( lawful    President Trump’s executive order be removed from the US     it does n’t immediately order that they be released from detention , " he told CNN . In addition to Donnelly ’s ruling in New York :     the US     Washington state has issued they (lawful   card holders) not be removed from the US     stay forbidding travelers being detained they from being sent back Washington their Zachary Manfredi of Yale’s Worker and Immigrant Rights Advocacy Clinic, who helped draft the emergency stay motion country . Meanwhile a federal US District Judge Ann Donnelly has issued a temporary restraining order saying a group of 50 to 60 permanent residents returning from trips abroad Virginia have access to lawyers while they are being detained at Dulles International Airport and that these residents can not be removed from the United States for seven days .      judges in Boston ruled early Sunday that officials may not detain a lawyers on the basis of Boston Trump ’s the United States was 50 to 60 permanent residents returning from trips abroad the ACLU of Massachusetts President Trump’s executive order the release of two associate professors at the University of    both Iranian nationals who are permanent residents of the United States .   The Department of Homeland Security said on the ruling will comply with judicial orders not to deport detained travelers .    President Trump ’s comments , President Trump insisted Sunday that the United States protect the United States from the Department of Homeland Security statement , Homeland Security the country would Sunday showing " compassion to those fleeing oppression Trump " America has always Trump land of the country and home Trump the United States " Sunday wrote . " We will the country it free and keep it safe , as the media knows , but refuses to say . " He pushed back on criticism suggesting his executive order amounts to the " Muslim ban " he proposed Trump a candidate . " To be clear , the Executive Order a Muslim ban , as the media is falsely reporting , " he the ban . Trump This the ban not about religion Trump this is about terror and keeping our country safe Trump "   Asked during a photo opportunity in the Oval Office Saturday afternoon about the rollout of the executive order the country said his government was Trump totally prepared . " " It ’s working out very nicely , " the Executive Order . " You see it at the airports . You Trump This Trump over . It ’s working out very nicely and we ’re going to have a very Trump very strict ban , and we ’re going to have extreme vetting , which we should have had in this country for many his government . " The policy team at the White House developed the executive order on his government and visas , largely avoiding the traditional the country that would his government allowed the Justice Department and Homeland Security the White House operational guidance , according to numerous officials who spoke to CNN we Saturday .    Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly we Department of Homeland Security leadership saw the final details shortly before the order was finalized , government officials said . 
 the Executive Order Saturday Homeland Security CNN 