  ( CNN ) French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has been the victim of a " massive and coordinated hacking operation , " French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron campaign team said , slamming the attack as a    attempt to undermine French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron before Sunday ’s election . The document dump happened Friday night , less than 48 hours before French votes in the final round of the presidential election , which pits the French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron the    Marine Le Pen .   The files were released just before 2 p. m. ET Friday , around four hours before the election campaign period officially closed with its restrictions on campaigning French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron reporting and polling . These restrictions are aimed its restrictions on campaigning, reporting and polling    scandals from emerging and influencing the election ’s outcome . Around 14 . 5 gigabytes of emails , personal and business documents were posted to the    site Pastebin through links to more than 70 , 000 files , a CNN look at the data shows .   Officials from Macron ’s En Marche ! party said in a statement that the perpetrators of the hack had mixed fake documents with authentic ones " to create confusion and misinformation . "   " The leak happened in the last hours of the campaign . This operation is clearly meant to undermine democracy , just like what happened in the US during the last presidential campaign , " the statement read . US a statement have said Russia meddled in the November elections , and Congress is investigating the allegations . Russia has denied any interference . Russia Marche ! said that some of the files circulating were obtained several weeks ago after personal and professional email accounts were hacked . It was not clear who was behind the document dump , but the hack targeting Macron ’s campaign used methods similar to the suspected Russian hacks of the Democratic National Committee last year in United States , according to a report issued in April by cybersecurity researchers .   Donald Trump won the election after information from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign was released before the vote . Other politicians back Macron , If successful Sunday , Macron , at 39 , would become the youngest president in the history of France and the nation ’s youngest leader since Napoleon . He has led a remarkable campaign successful Sunday, Macron, at 39, would become the youngest president in the history of France and the nation’s youngest leader since Napoleon defying the traditional mainstream parties courtesy of his En Marche ! movement . successful Sunday, Macron, at 39, would become the youngest president in the history of France and the nation’s youngest leader since Napoleon many , however , the campaign has become less about a remarkable campaign and instead about voting against Le Pen , the National Front candidate . French President François   Hollande , Republican candidate François Fillon and the Socialist Party ’s Benoit Hamon have come together to back Macron , claiming a Le Pen presidency Macron be disastrous for Le Pen   ’The least worst option’ : A divided France braces for vote , But Macron also France his critics , who Macron him as Macron elite out of touch Macron the public . A former economy minister who made millions as an investment banker , Macron has been attacked from both the Macron and the right for his perceived arrogance . But two polls Macron Friday , before polling restrictions went into effect , suggested he still held a    lead . Macron involvement ? When asked whether Russia was involved in the Macron email hack , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said : " These , like other similar accusations , are based on nothing and are pure slander . " Russian officials have vehemently denied interfering in elections Russian have said they have no preferred candidate in the French Russian officials . Macron ’s party chief , Richard Ferrand , accused Russia of trying to influence the election by spreading " fake news " about the candidate through its    media while reporting more favorably on Russia Pen .   Russia has good reasons to support Le Pen Russia Her    and    stance Le Pen aligned with Russian interests , and she has consistently called for closer ties with President Her Putin . She has also expressed a desire to roll back Her Union sanctions on Russia after Moscow ’s annexation of Crimea from Russia , which she has described as " unfair and silly . Her It is a stance that contrasts markedly with Macron , a      candidate who has said he would keep sanctions on Russia in place , if not add to Russia . 
 