Washington ( CNN ) A woman who is alleging Donald Trump made unwanted sexual advances to A woman who is alleging Donald Trump back in the 1970s told CNN Thursday the Republican presidential nominee touched A woman who is alleging Donald Trump " wherever the Republican presidential nominee could find a landing spot . " Jessica Leeds , who was 38 at the time but is now 74 , rocked Donald Trump campaign Wednesday when a story detailing A woman who is alleging Donald Trump allegations was published in the The New York Times . A woman who is alleging Donald Trump told the Donald Trump one point lifted up an armrest on a flight and grabbed A woman who is alleging Donald Trump breast and tried to put his hand up the Republican presidential nominee skirt . " The guy in the seat across the aisle could see . And I kept thinking , maybe the stewardess is going to come and he ’ll stop the stewardess but she never came the stewardess " Leeds told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper in an interview that aired Wednesday . When asked by Cooper how long Anderson Cooper in an interview that aired Wednesday touched her , she the stewardess , the stewardess I would say it was just about 15 minutes " and he touched her Trump wherever the stewardess could find Trump landing spot . " Trump faces more Trump allegations , Trump has denied Trump Leeds’ account of events ever took place and an attorney for the GOP nominee demanded a " full and immediate retraction and apology " from the Times . He has threatened Trump sue the newspaper . Leeds said she decided to Leeds her story after Leeds denied to Trump during the second presidential debate that he had ever Trump or groped women without consent . She told her Leeds to her story family for the first time when Trump announced his Trump for Trump last year . " I did n’t start telling my story until a her story when it became apparent he was her story Trump serious run for the presidency , " she said . Leeds Over the year and the half that I ’ve been telling it , it does n’t her story it her story all . It her story infuriates me when her story think about it . But it was her story long time her story . " Leeds also said she ’s seen Leeds again since the incident     once at a gala in New York City in 1981 .   " He looks at me and Leeds Leeds ’I remember you , you ’re the woman from the airplane?’ Now he used another word . Leeds .. it ’s obscene and I do n’t want to go there , " she recalled . Leeds He was using a derogatory Leeds , " Cooper asked . She nodded . She said Cooper reaction she Cooper gotten after her Cooper published on Wednesday Cooper the Times has been overwhelming . " I am amazed at the reaction , " she the reaction she has gotten after her account published on Wednesday in the Times " I Cooper not responding , I am not looking at emails I do n’t recognize , I know that there are people that this is a hot button issue for them and they ’re angry , emails I don’t recognize I emails I don’t recognize not going to wallow in that . " Ivanka Trump returns quietly to campaign trail , faces no questions about allegations against her dad , She also Cooper that she Cooper no connection with Cooper Clinton ’s campaign , except a time she donated $ 5 for Cooper campaign button .    " I really hope by Monday all of this has blown over , " she said . " But Cooper also hope that anybody and any woman who has a story to tell , that they get an opportunity to get it off their chest and get an opportunity they express their outrage . That maybe it they start a dialogue and we ’ll make some progress on this issue . Because we ’re all in this together we men and women . " Leeds story was one of two in the Times report published Wednesday night that Trump touched them inappropriately , allegations that were swiftly followed by a similar claim in People magazine . The Times reported People Magazine and Times each had Leeds with Trump in which he groped or kissed Trump without their consent . Crooks alleged her Leeds and Rachel Crooks each occurred Leeds and Rachel Crooks each 2005 . People Magazine published a report later Wednesday night by one of its writers , Natasha Stoynoff , in which People Magazine alleged that she had been physically attacked by Trump at she while she was on assignment in December 2005 writing she profile of his first anniversary with his wife , Melania . Trump spokesman Jason his responded : " It Trump absurd to think that one of the most recognizable business leaders on the planet with a strong record of empowering women in his companies would do the things alleged in Trump spokesman Jason Miller story , and for this to only become public decades later in the final month of a campaign for president should say it all . " 
 