Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton says Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s frustrated by what Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton suggests is a media double standard between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . [ Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton held a press conference at an airport on Thursday , where two reporters who cover Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton asked whether Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton thinks there is a " double standard " that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was facing from the media .   " I do n’t understand the reasons for it , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said . " I find it frustrating , but it just part of the landscape that we live in and we just keep forging ahead . " Clinton praised members of the media who questioned their colleagues , suggesting that their were too easy on Trump . " I have been somewhat heartened by the number of articles recently pointing out the quite disparate treatment of Trump and Trump campaign compared to ours , " Clinton said . " Do you think that you ’re treated differently in this race because you ’re a woman ? " another reporter asked . Clinton responded that Clinton would let journalists tackle the question , predicting that Clinton would be the topic of historical study long after the election . " I ’m going to let all of you ponder that last question , " Clinton said . " I think there will be a lot of Ph . D. theses and popular journalism writing on that subject for years to come . " Clinton noted that Trump said so many outrageous things that it might be hard for journalists to know where to begin criticizing Clinton . " I know that ’s part of the coverage and I know that it may be difficult to feel that you know exactly how to respond to some of Clinton behavior , " Clinton said . Clinton also claimed that Clinton did n’t want any " special treatment " because Clinton was the first woman nominee of a major party to run for president . " I ’m not asking for any special treatment , " Clinton said . " I know the road that I ’m on . I ’ve been on the road that I’m on for 25 years , and I just get up every day and keep moving forward . " 
 