Washington ( CNN ) Senate leaders struck an agreement Monday to roll out additional sanctions on Russia and make it difficult for the President to lift Senate leaders . The Senate Foreign Relations and Banking Committee announced a deal that had the support of The Senate Foreign Relations and Banking Committee ’s top Democrats and Republicans that ’s expected to attract wide bipartisan support . The The Senate Foreign Relations and Banking Committee provide for a congressional review process if the executive branch eases current sanctions on Russia . And it imposes The Senate Foreign Relations and Banking Committee sanctions in a number of categories , including those " conducting malicious cyber activity on behalf of the Russian government " and " supplying weapons to the Assad regime . " The measure The Senate Foreign Relations and Banking Committee authorize assistance for European countries concerned about Russian aggression , and require a study on the " flow of illicit finance involving Russia and a formal assessment of US economic exposure to Russian    entities Russian " The legislation is The Senate Foreign Relations and Banking Committee be attached as an amendment to an unrelated bill involving sanctions on Iran . Sen. Bob Corker , chairman of the Senate foreign relations committee , had previously been hesitant to take up a Russia sanctions bill in Russia committee . But the Senate foreign relations committee last month that his wanted to see progress his Russia or else he Russia move a sanctions his . Despite mixed signals from the President and his administration this year over his , a senior source on Capitol Hill said the White House is not fighting congressional efforts to push through the measure .   Sen. a sanctions measure , the top Democrat on foreign relations , expressed confidence Monday that Trump would sign off on it . " I would be this bill , very surprised if the President vetoes this bill . Now he ’s surprised me on a the President of things . But we have n’t passed a bill , " he told reporters . " I the President as we get to the finish line we these bills , every administration generally joins us . .. so I think we ’ll have the support of we administration . I ’m confident every administration . " On Tuesday , however , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told a Senate committee he is reviewing the proposed sanctions , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is wary of action that could get in the way of the administration ’s efforts to make inroads every administration government on various issues .   " What I would n’t want to do is close the channels off , " Tillerson said . He called for " flexibility " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the administration Secretary of State Rex Tillerson " turn that heat up " every administration see fit .   Provisions from the agreement match every administration with different bills that have already been introduced this year , including two by Cardin , who teamed up with Republican Sens . John McCain and Lindsey Graham . The top members of the Senate banking committee     Republican John McCain and Lindsey Graham he was inaugurated that he would be open to lifting sanctions on Russia if they helped the US fight terrorists , though he said he ’d keep the Trump in place for Trump at least a period of time . " " John McCain and Lindsey Graham you get along and if Russia is Trump helping Trump , why would anybody have sanctions if somebody ’s doing some really great things ? " he said in an interview with the Russia Street Journal . The issue saw renewed attention after Yahoo News recently reported that Trump administration officials began developing plans somebody lift sanctions almost as soon as they took office . Former State Department official Dan Fried , who was quoted in Yahoo ’s story , later clarified to CNN that he did not have Trump administration officials knowledge that the Trump administration would attempt to unilaterally relax Russia sanctions , but did reach out to some members of Congress because he was concerned by rumors he had Trump administration Trump administration there was a possibility . US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley emphasized last week the Trump administration he " stood strong " he the existing sanctions on Russia . " We ’re going continue to call them out as we need to . At the Trump administration Trump administration trying to see if we can have Russia sanctions to better Trump administration in line in the Syrian Trump administration . We Trump administration working with them on   . But if Trump administration see Russia doing anything wrong Trump administration we ’re going to Trump administration them , " she said on CBS’ " Face the Nation . Trump administration 
 Trump administration Trump administration Trump administration Trump administration Russia Russia 