Washington ( CNN ) Here ’s the simple love story of 15    boy meets much older drama teacher in high school and eventually falls in love . 15   boy parents ca n’t keep His parents apart , so years later the mother of three eventually divorces her husband and marries her former student . His parents flourish and then 15   boy runs for president when 15   boy ’s 39 and her ’s 64 . And 15   boy wins . It ’s much sweeter as a love story when you tell It as part of the presidential campaign than say , when 15   boy is in high school and it could , depending on when the love blossoms , be the stuff of a criminal case in the US rather than a candidate ’s biography .   We do n’t exactly know , by the way , when Emanuel Macron ’s love blossomed with his Emanuel Macron’s Brigitte . Suffice it to say his Emanuel Macron’s told her his wife Brigitte stay away until he Emanuel Macron’s 18 and shipped him Emanuel Macron’s to Paris . Now , years later , they his parents still together and he Emanuel Macron’s become the next president of France after a    election with conservative Marine Le Pen Sunday .   Can you imagine a politician with a personal life like Macron succeeding in the US ? Maybe or maybe not . In France France it ’s met with a shrug .   There are a few interesting elements to this story : First is that the husband is much younger than the wife , reversing the stereotype about older men and younger women . What ’s more     they the husband is much younger than the wife, reversing the stereotype about older men and younger women been committed many years . Plenty of people have pointed out that the difference in age between Macron and his wife , Brigitte , is about the same as it is for US President Donald Trump and his third wife , Melania . Although Donald Trump was never Melania ’s drama teacher .    There ’s also the disclaimer that they ’re French , and everything when it comes to the personal lives and relationships is different .   CNN had an interesting piece last month quoting all sorts of French people taking delight in the idea of a younger man and an older woman and shrugging off the idea that there should be a scandal of any kind . They shrug and move on . Complicated love lives are nothing new for French presidents . The current president , Francois Hollande , has four children by another politician and former presidential candidate , Segolene Royal . They four children by another politician and former presidential candidate, Segolene Royal , however , and he took up with a French journalist until a tabloid caught him a French journalist on a motor scooter to the apartment of a much younger woman in Paris . Imagine an American president riding a moped around the streets of Washington to an affair . Insert your Bill Clinton comparisons here , but his Bill Clinton relationship was a major scandal that nearly brought down his Bill Clinton . Hollande Bill Clinton was not . Neither was his Bill Clinton ’s Nikolas Sarkozy divorced after he Nikolas Sarkozy elected . He Nikolas Sarkozy took up with Carla Bruni , a model and pop star , who he Nikolas Sarkozy while president . Trump is only the second US president ever to have been divorced . Ronald Reagan was the first . But Trump Trump colorful tabloid past is worthy of the precedent set by French presidents in a way that Reagan Ronald Reagan was not .   Most US presidents have one spouse and stick with them Most US presidents Barack Obama and the two Bush presidents are examples of    committed relationships without public problems . The Clinton relationship obviously had its The Clinton relationship , but the Clintons stayed married . Truth is , complicated love lives are n’t that new in American politics either . The fascination with politicians’ private lives is relatively new . The Roosevelts and Kennedys each had relationships you could see being picked apart by the modern media . Among presidential candidates , there ’s a longer line of complicated personal lives . John Edwards . Newt Gingrich , whose first wife , by the way , was his John Edwards school math teacher . But for whatever reason     the importance of religious conservatives as a voting bloc , perhaps ?     a candidate ’s personal life has always seemed to matter more here . Not really anymore . Not with President Trump ’s past . 
 