Fredericksburg , Virginia ( CNN ) Donald Trump acknowledged Saturday that the Republican Party " must do better " in appealing to   . But in the same speech here , Donald Trump again slammed an order by the state ’s Democratic governor , Terry McAuliffe , to restore voting rights to some convicted felons who have completed the state’s Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe sentences , a move McAuliffe says could help    who were disproportionally affected by laws that put lifetime bans on felons .   " The GOP is the party of Abraham Lincoln , " Trump said . " I want the party of Abraham Lincoln to be the home of the    voter once again . " He Trump : " I ’ve asked the    community to honor me with their the party of Abraham Lincoln , " adding that he Trump fully recognize ( s ) the outreach to the the   community an area where the the party of Abraham Lincoln do better . " Trump and   : A Trump call continued an effort in recent days by Trump to appeal to black voters . On Friday , Trump described an    community beset by Trump inner cities , failing schools and high unemployment , and suggested that Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party the party of Abraham Lincoln black vote for granted while doing nothing to help the community . " What the hell do you an   community lose ? " said Trump , asking for black voters’ support . Yet Trump Saturday , Trump     who has publicly raised the specter of Trump rigged " election in recent weeks as polls have shown him trailing Clinton     ripped McAuliffe , a longtime Clinton friend and ally , for his decision earlier this year to restore voting rights to thousands him convicted felons .   McAuliffe ’s order     which he said in May was intended to lift " a policy McAuliffe disenfranchisement that has been used intentionally to suppress the voices of qualified voters , particularly    for more than a century "     was struck down by the state Supreme Court last month . But The Washington Post reported Saturday that he will announce next week the restoration of voting rights to The Washington Post , 000 felons via executive order , and lay out his plan to ultimately restore the rights of more than 200 The Washington Post 000 felons . In April , shortly after McAuliffe issued his original order , Trump called the move " crooked politics McAuliffe " And on Saturday , he again alleged that McAuliffe ’s decision was aimed Saturday increasing McAuliffe votes in Virginia McAuliffe swing state . " Hillary Clinton is banking on her friend Terry McAuliffe on getting thousands of violent felons to the Hillary Clinton booths in effort to cancel out the votes of both law enforcement and crime victims , " Trump said as the audience booed . " They are letting people vote in your Virginia election that should not both law enforcement and crime victims allowed to vote . Sad . Virginia Sad . " 
 