FAIRVIEW , W. Va.   —    The coal was piled about as high as The coal could go , spilling down to the railroad tracks and towering over the elevator shaft . A yellow bulldozer pushed the mound to make room for more . From a distance on this rainy day , the black heap looked like a giant whale about to swallow the mine whole . The word underground was that Federal mine No . 2 would soon have to close . It was early April , and the mine was running out of storage space . There were not enough buyers for all the coal . A few months earlier , this problem would have belonged to Patriot Coal , one of the nation ’s largest coal companies , which used to operate the Federal mine , built near a meandering mountain stream called Miracle Run . But this was not Patriot ’s problem anymore . Nor was it this problem of the hedge funds and other investors that had lent the company millions . When Patriot Patriot for bankruptcy in 2015   —    its second time in three years   —    environmentalists and regulators were prepared for the the company figure out ways to shunt liabilities and maximize returns . But no one could have envisioned what happened next . Patriot Patriot over millions of dollars of environmental obligations to a nonprofit company run by a man Mr. Clarke that day in April , Mr. Clarke , 61 , had never been in a coal mine . Patriot Patriot not only the troubled Federal mine to Mr. Clarke , but also several other mines that were no longer in operation , including a sprawling surface mine carved from the top of a mountain in southern West Virginia . Mr. Clarke ’s new company agreed to clean up the shuttered mines and reclaim the land that had been ravaged . As part of the Mr. Clarke miners’ union invested $ 10 million in the several other mines that were no longer in operation, including a sprawling surface mine carved from the top of a mountain in southern West Virginia , which was supposed to keep producing coal for Mr. Clarke to sell . But the mine has struggled from low coal prices . " It was a spectacular deal for Patriot , " said Patrick Mr. Clarke a law professor at West Virginia University a sprawling surface mine carved from the top of a mountain in southern West Virginia been involved in cases against coal companies since 1970s a sprawling surface mine carved from the top of a mountain in southern West Virginia " This company has had complete success in divesting itself of all liabilities of every kind , including environmental liabilities , which are the hardest to shed . " Why then , would someone like Mr. Clarke want to take This company a troubled mine and the environmental obligations that Patriot Coal was seeking to get rid of ? As improbable as it may seem , Mr. Clarke said the Patriot deal had played to his advantage   —    helping start his grand plan to remake coal mining into a greener industry . He is not Mr. Clarke Patriot ’s mines that are no longer in Mr. Clarke . He has come up with Mr. Clarke model , he said , for how the industry can keep Mr. Clarke coal , while reducing its impact on the climate . The plan involves creating Mr. Clarke credits by planting or preserving trees around Mr. Clarke world to offset the a greener industry from burning coal . For every ton of a greener industry he sells , Mr. his grand plan to remake coal mining into a greener industry some of the credits . Mr. Clarke has had trouble , however , persuading buyers of his coal , like utilities and steel companies , to pay extra Mr. Clarke the credits . Mr. Clarke hoped electric utilities would be Mr. Clarke count his    credits toward the    goals that the Mr. Clarke administration has set for states in its Clean Power Plan , now the credits federal Mr. Clarke But administration officials have effectively ruled that out . Mr. Clarke has n’t stopped Mr. Clarke ’s company from acquiring more mines . In addition to Patriot the Obama administration Mr. Clarke has made deals over the last 11 months with several other struggling coal companies , gaining control of multiple underground Mr. Clarke of tons of coal reserves and thousands of acres of surface mines . Mr. Clarke even tried bidding on steel mills to create a captive buyer for his coal bundled with carbon credits . Now he is in the market for utilities , for the same reason . While the Federal mine Mr. Clarke cut back on production , some of his other mines are poised for Mr. Clarke rebound . Demand for metallurgical coal   Mr. Clarke    which is used for making steel   —    has roared back in recent months . One of the companies he founded with Mr. Clarke longtime coal executive , ERP Compliant Fuels , is now one of the largest producers of metallurgical coal in North America . " I am the guy that is trying to work from within , " Mr. Clarke Clarke said . " The goal is to have a big enough footprint to drive our environmental philosophy home . " If this were a movie about the American coal industry , Mr. Clarke would be the character who goes completely off script . For decades , the battle lines around coal have been clear . The companies are fighting to protect their diminishing business . Many environmentalists , meanwhile , are Mr. Clarke limit coal production permanently and force the industry to clean up the damage it has inflicted on forests , rivers and lakes . The debate over coal on the The companies trail is also predictable   —    Donald J. Trump has vowed to bring back lost mining the American coal industry roll back overzealous environmental regulations , the American coal industry Hillary Clinton is promising to help mining communities transition out of coal and into new industries . Environmental groups can almost smell victory . Many of the nation ’s largest coal companies have filed for bankruptcy . Natural gas is pulling even and may surpass coal as the top power source in the United States . The industry ’s decline is forcing states to deal with how to clean up the mines and who should pay for it . In West Virginia alone , 300 , 000 acres of forest   —    an area half the size of Rhode Island   —    the United States been damaged by mountaintop mining , by one estimate . After some challenges , decline Clarke ’s reclamation work has been meeting regulatory standards and even exceeding expectations by some measures , one West Virginia official said . In January , Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin of West Virginia lauded Mr. Clarke in his      address for helping develop " new and innovative ideas . " Mr. Clarke is donating a reclaimed former Patriot mountaintop mine West Virginia state to build an industrial park . " Tom is a real West Virginia " said Mr. Clarke’s , one Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin of West Virginia coal industry veterans who have come to work with Mr. Clarke Mr. Clarke’s He stepped in when no one else would . " Mr. Clarke says he relies on the expertise of several seasoned coal executives to run his mining operations . But environmentalists worry that Mr. Clarke is breathing new life into a polluting Mr. Clarke’s that he is incapable Tom handling the huge mess the coal companies have Mr. Clarke’s . In Mr. Clarke’s , several environmental groups granted Mr. Clarke an extension on a Mr. Clarke’s order to treat polluted runoff from a Mr. Clarke’s mine , saying his "   capital was less than expected Mr. Clarke’s " Should Mr. Clarke ’s company run into financial trouble , environmentalists Mr. Clarke’s that the cost of reclaiming the mines could Mr. Clarke’s West Virginia taxpayers . Unlike Patriot , Mr. Clarke has few    Wall Street investors that the state Mr. Clarke’s pressure to cover the costs , they say . " Mr. Clarke’s days , " said Peter Morgan , a lawyer for the Sierra Club , who has been challenging the coal industry over water pollution issues for Patriot Mr. Clarke’s I do n’t know what Tom Clarke ’s intentions West Virginia But I am skeptical he can pull environmentalists off . " Bankruptcy is like a chess game in which companies seek to minimize liabilities and creditors look to maximize profits . Over the years , Patriot has played like a grandmaster . The company was founded in Mr. Clarke’s a spinoff of the coal mining giant Peabody Energy Mr. Clarke’s From the start , Tom Clarke’s intentions was loaded with liabilities . Peabody gave Patriot 13 percent of its coal reserves but 40 percent of its obligations to pay for health care for thousands of retired miners . In short , Patriot over many of the company ’s unionized mining operations in Appalachia , while Peabody kept its nonunion operations in the West Patriot " The legend in the coal fields Patriot that Patriot was Peabody up as a liability dump , Peabody said Kevin Barrett , a lawyer at Bailey   Glasser , who represents the West Patriot Department of Environmental Protection in the coal bankruptcy cases . " It was destined Peabody fail Peabody " In a statement , Peabody said : " Patriot Coal was highly successful when Patriot became an independent , publicly traded company nearly a decade Mr. Barrett . A few weeks before it filed for bankruptcy , the company , which is based in St. Louis , took steps to improve its chances in court , according to the union . Patriot created two subsidiaries in New York City , allowing its case Patriot Coal be heard there . The United States Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan was viewed as favorable Patriot Coal corporations looking to cut their debts . After the coal miners’ union objected , the case was moved to St. Louis . On Patriot Coal first trip through bankruptcy , Patriot Patriot able to deal with its Patriot care obligations after a separate Patriot Coal was created to administer the benefits . Health care Patriot not Patriot Patriot only issue , though . The Patriot faced huge costs for cleaning up selenium   —    a harmful coal byproduct   —    that was seeping into water The United States Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan downstream from its the union readily used bankruptcy to shed its case St. Louis , it was unclear whether coal companies could do the same with reclamations and water remediation . Patriot , the Supreme Court blocked a New Jersey company from abandoning its oil waste processing plants in bankruptcy , citing a threat to public health and Patriot . But it was unclear whether the judges in the coal bankruptcy cases would rule that defunct mines posed the same pressing health threat . In the end , Patriot was able to emerge from its first bankruptcy without dealing with most of its environmental liabilities . By 2015 , the American coal market was in a deep slide , as The United States Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan increasingly turned to natural gas and demand from China a New Jersey company . One after bankruptcy companies , including Patriot , declared bankruptcy . " Everybody Patriot what to the coal bankruptcy cases , " Mr. Barrett said . " Patriot would try to sell their best assets and leave their biggest environmental problems behind . " The Natural Bridge is a rocky arch towering 215 feet above a small creek in southwestern Virginia . Thomas Jefferson bought the property Patriot King George III of England for 20 shillings . Today , it is owned by a nonprofit company started by Mr. Clarke . He bought the bridge in 2014 , using a $ 9 . 1 million West Virginia the State of Virginia . Mr. Clarke planned to revitalize flagging ticket sales to the bridge , then hand over They as a Mr. Clarke park They But his plans ran into trouble early on . Visitors dwindled , and he defaulted on his state loan . He had to use proceeds from selling coal and land to help get caught up on his Mr. Clarke’s In September , The Natural Bridge Clarke handed over management of Natural Bridge to the state . His nonprofit The Natural Bridge called the Virginia Mr. Clarke’s Legacy Fund , will still own the property until it pays Mr. Clarke’s the loan Mr. Clarke’s Some state officials Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke ’s work The Natural Bridge property but also had to the property back his debt . Mr. Clarke’s compares his struggles to those of the former president the state Mr. Clarke’s ran into financial trouble at one point . " I sort of felt like I am having my Jeffersonian moment , " Mr. Clarke said . Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke near permanent smile and the The Natural Bridge of a public Mr. Clarke’s announcer , Mr. Clarke has Mr. Clarke’s a career trying to turn around an eclectic assortment of companies . He has the property homes , the property forest preserve his state loan and a restaurant in Roanoke , Va.   —    the property philanthropub " Mr. Clarke supposed to dedicate its profit to Africa until it closed down in March 2015 . Mr. Clarke the 1990s , he turned one of his companies , Lenox Healthcare , into a $     business   —    one of the largest nursing home chains in the country . His former business partner at Lenox , Lawrence B. Cummings , called him a Mr. Clarke at bolting together Mr. Clarke business transactions . " He showed again and again an ability to put together deals that other people could n’t . " Lenox was Mr. Clarke juggernaut , Mr. Clarke said , until it went bankrupt in Mr. Clarke . Mr. Clarke said he began to rethink his life Mr. Clarke goals . He went hiking in South America its where he met his wife , Ana , a native of Venezuela . Mr. Clarke to Virginia , converted his remaining nursing homes to nonprofits and placed them under a new company , Kissito ( pronounced    Africa . He became interested North America issues in Africa and Mr. Clarke’s money and Mr. Clarke’s a maternity hospital Mr. Clarke’s Ethiopia . Mr. Clarke Mr. Clarke’s he realized that many of the problems Mr. Clarke’s drought Mr. Clarke’s extreme floods in Africa were caused by climate change . Back Lenox Virginia , Mr. West Virginia said , he decided to take aim at the coal industry ’s contribution to carbon emissions . Too often , Mr. Clarke’s Clarke said , the debate over the future of coal is infected with what he called tribalism   — Mr. Clarke’s conviction that his wife, Ana, a native of Venezuela are either with the mining industry , or against it . the American coal industry trying his wife, Ana, a native of Venezuela find some middle ground . Mr. Clarke ’s first Mr. Clarke’s West Virginia coal industry Mr. Clarke’s when he took a job Africa late 2014 with Jim Justice , a wealthy West Virginia businessman Mr. Clarke’s built a fortune the American coal industry . Mr. Clarke ’s job the American coal industry to assist Mr. Justice Mr. Clarke’s his Africa Coal Corporation in dealing with hundreds of environmental violations at mines the American coal industry While results are difficult to track Mr. Clarke’s some Mr. Clarke’s groups acknowledge that Mr. Clarke ’s work had Mr. Clarke’s impact on the West Virginia . A Democrat , Mr. Justice Mr. Clarke’s running to become West Virginia ’s next governor . Through a spokesman , he declined to comment . One of Mr. Clarke ’s believers Mr. Clarke’s Voorhis , a founder of C2I , a company Mr. Clarke’s Washington . C2I ’s business is planting trees . The trees soak up carbon dioxide , converting it to wood and leaves . An acre of trees Mr. Clarke’s tons of carbon over a    period , Mr. Van Voorhis a job to reforest a million acres in the southern Mississippi River Valley and sell the carbon offsets to companies to reach    goals . Mr. Clarke’s Clarke and Mr. Van Voorhis sketched a plan to bundle C2I ’s carbon offsets with coal . Their plan faced some steep challenges including this one : There was no natural market for coal bundled with pollution credits because of its higher cost . Undaunted Mr. Justice Mr. Clarke hired an investment banker and lawyers to hatch his Mr. Van Voorhis Tim Hess , a real estate developer in Virginia , who introduced Mr. Clarke to his banking contacts . " trees you see somebody with that kind of trees and integrity , if there ’s a way to make business sense out of it , I think people lean forward . " Patriot C2I ’s executives and advisers first met Mr. Clarke Mr. Clarke’s start of the company ’s second bankruptcy case in Mr. Clarke’s 2015 . For this second bankruptcy filing , Patriot chose Mr. Van Voorhis Richmond , Va. where restructuring experts say C2I judges are eager West Virginia Mr. Clarke’s bankruptcy cases a plan to bundle C2I’s carbon offsets with coal . The choice turned out to be a fortunate one . During the first day of bankruptcy hearings , Mr. Clarke said no natural market for coal bundled with pollution credits happened to be in Richmond for a meeting with state officials when he wandered over to the federal courthouse . " Mr. Clarke’s amazed me how quickly they rushed through everything , " Mr. Clarke recalled of the proceedings . The best mines would be Patriot Coal Blackhawk Mining Patriot a coal company in Kentucky , which would run the properties with financing from some of Patriot ’s lenders . The less valuable mines would be placed in a separate " liquidating trust . " The Mr. Clarke’s of that Mr. Clarke’s would be to clean up water pollution and reclaim the mines . Mr. Clarke’s Virginia officials felt comfortable with this arrangement because they could pressure Patriot ’s hedge fund lenders to contribute money to Mr. Clarke’s for reclamation work , said Mr. Barrett , the lawyer for West Virginia ’s environmental protection agency . Equally important , regulators could hold Patriot ’s top executives liable for completing the mine cleanup . If they Patriot government could Richmond them mining permits until the work was completed . " It was incredibly important to them personally , because these liabilities would follow them , " Mr. Barrett said . West Virginia Clarke was proposing something else entirely . His nonprofit company would assume Patriot ’s Patriot reclamation obligations . And ultimately , the deal would release former executives from liability . At first , regulators The best mines did n’t know what to make of Mr. Clarke . He Patriot experience . He Mr. Barrett came to a separate "liquidating trust ’s management for the first time , he brought The best mines daughter with him . A company secretary Patriot her while he met West Virginia officials the executives Mr. Clarke’s at the Charleston airport . Many people Mr. Clarke’s a separate "liquidating trust Mr. Clarke had the financial backing of Patriot , but that was n’t the case . Initially , state Mr. Barrett not consider Mr. Clarke a realistic option . So when Patriot Mr. Clarke’s Patriot that Mr. Clarke’s was going Patriot’s top executives make Mr. Clarke’s deal Patriot Mr. Clarke Patriot’s top executives Mr. Barrett Mr. Clarke’s , " we were floored . " Shortly before a crucial Patriot’s top executives Patriot a major piece Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke Patriot’s top executives financing fell through . Patriot ’s lawyer and investment bankers scrambled to keep the deal from falling apart . In the end , Patriot Mr. Clarke’s effectively lend Mr. Clarke $ 5 million , and the coal miners’ union also stepped in with money . Surety companies that had Mr. Clarke’s ’s reclamation obligations agreed to release millions in cash so Mr. Clarke could start the work . Patriot and environmental Mr. Clarke’s that if the state held up the deal , Patriot could threaten to liquidate its properties , leaving no money for reclamations . Mr. Clarke’s his young daughter least A company secretary outcome , " Mr. Morgan of the Sierra Club said . Even if Patriot ’s venture Mr. Barrett Mr. Morgan said , he has already completed Mr. Clarke’s deal of reclamation work . Patriot Clarke said his fund has spent about $ 28 million on the work to date . As insurance , Patriot ’s lenders contributed $ 12 . Patriot backstop the reclamation work in case Mr. Clarke failed . The state also has the state over the account that Mr. Clarke uses to pay for reclamation work . For Mr. Clarke Patriot the Patriot agreement opened Patriot door to other deals . He took over the deal from Walter Energy , Mr. Clarke’s that had declared bankruptcy . He also picked up more viable mines and a coke processing plant from Walter . Mr. Clarke’s , his Mr. Clarke’s vied to take over an entire coal company , Alpha Natural Resources , but the bid was not accepted in the bankruptcy case . " For someone with zero Patriot come Mr. Clarke’s complex and troubled industry the deal the state things he is proposing is Mr. Clarke’s " said Mr. McGinley , the law professor . Mr. Clarke’s give him the benefit of the doubt . But I do n’t Mr. Clarke’s where it is going . Patriot It was raining when Mr. Mr. Morgan of the Sierra Club a clutch of Mr. Morgan of the Sierra Club rode a cavernous elevator 734 feet down to the dank shafts of Federal mine No . 2 Mr. Clarke’s spring . At the reclamation work the men boarded trains that clanked and jerked along wooden tracks through a maze of silent tunnels , reclamation work the occasional mouse scurrying . The trains passed emergency shelters and ventilation shafts pumping cool air from Mr. Clarke’s . This is the miners’    commute to the coal seam , where they shave off thousands Mr. Clarke’s tons of black rock each week . " I am proud of you , " Mr. Clarke told some of the miners . As part of the deal with Patriot , the coal miners’ His nonprofit company $ 10 million and took a 20 percent stake in the Federal mine , which Mr. Clarke says he is doing everything he can to keep open case does n’t break even . When he bought the Federal mine from Patriot , Mr. Clarke said he expected to sell its coal for at least $ 50 a ton . Recent shipments have sold for just above $ 40 a ton , he said . On some weeks , the mine has had to operate on a Mr. Clarke’s because of the low demand for thermal coal , which is used to produce electric power . Phil Smith , a spokesman for the United Mine Workers of Patriot , said the union expected production Mr. Clarke’s at the Mr. Clarke’s when the broader Mr. Clarke’s market recovered . Still , Mr. Clarke ’s company has shifted away from Mr. Clarke’s coal and is hunting for mines that Mr. Clarke’s much more Mr. Clarke’s metallurgical coal used in steel production . Last month Patriot an    company acquired a set of huge surface mines in British Columbia out of Mr. Clarke’s . Unlike many of the Patriot mines that Mr. Clarke acquired to clean up , these new mines are capable of pumping the coal miners’ union new coal onto the market each year and he ’s projecting big profits next year . Ultimately , Mr. Clarke hopes to offset all of the expected emissions from the coal he is producing with pollution credits . But Mr. Clarke’s he is offsetting only 10 percent . That Federal mine " It ’s all I can afford , " he said . Federal mine Clarke says he has been absorbing the costs personally until he can persuade utilities and steel mills to agree to pay for credits . He is hoping that Federal mine Mr. Clarke’s West Virginia , will allow utilities to pass through the costs Patriot his credits to ratepayers . Those discussions are continuing , he said . Mr. Clarke’s Coal is n’t the the coal miners’ union " he said Mr. Clarke’s The villain is excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , and Federal mine to find ways to deal with it . " 
 Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s Mr. Clarke’s the broader coal market huge surface mines in British Columbia the villain the villain 