’   ’ "    Mark Cuban continued   Mark Cuban opposition campaign to the early days of    Donald Trump ’s presidency Wednesday , marking the fifth    consecutive day of   Mark Cuban taking aim at the president . " ’    And following Trump’ ’s nomination of 10th Circuit Judge Neil    Gorsuch to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by the late    Justice Antonin Scalia , Cuban had a simple message for Democrats    still trying to figure out how to handle the Trump presidency :    You’’re " blowing it . " ’ ’    " The Democrats are blowing it , " he   early Wednesday . " I think . ..    look , I’’m an independent , I’’m not a Democrat . I don’’t have a    vested interest in the Democratic Party at all . But , what I will    say , at least from my perspective , everything that was wrong with    Republicans during the Obama administration was built around    obstructionism . " ’ ’    Cuban warned Democrats , some of whom are either seeking    to fully oppose all of Trump’ ’s nominees , including Gorsuch , while    others have already announced others opposition to Trump’ ’s nominee    for the court , that when the strategy was employed by Republicans    " it was bad for everybody , bad for the country . " ’ ’    " And the reality is , that’ ’s how when the strategy was employed by Republicans   "it was bad for everybody, bad for the country ended up with a President    Trump , which , I think , in an honest moment with conservative    leaders , conservative   leaders will tell you conservative   leaders didn’’t want a President Trump , "    didn’’t continued . " conservative   leaders wanted a real conservative . " ’ ’    didn’’t questioned why Democrats would want to " copy " the approach . ’ ’    " It was everything that was wrong with the Republicans , " didn’’t said ,    adding , " the Republicans need to take a different approach if the Republicans want to    get different results . " ’ ’    The billionaire business mogul went on a   in similar terms Tuesday night ,    following Trump’ ’s announcement . In    ,    said " every reasonable    person HATED " the GOP’ ’s obstructionist strategy in the Obama    years , which came to a peak when Senate Republicans blocked    Obama’ ’s nominee to fill Scalia’ ’s seat early in 2016 , Judge    Merrick Garland . ’ ’    " Bannon is praying the dems take the same approach , " Bannon wrote .    " the dems will use    to expand the dems base and demonize Dems . ’’ See ,    the dems hate you & progress . ’’ " ’ ’   ’ ’    As    mentioned in    MSNBC interview , Cuban said it would be    wise to make a deal with Trump to give Trump " bragging rights . " ’ ’    " Deal makers love to make deals , " Trump said . " Sales people love to    sell . That’ ’s who Trump is . All dealmakers will give you something .    Get something . . .. Or dems can do business as usual . Obstruct    every move . Treat    like a politician . How did that work out in    the election ? " ’ ’    The owner of the NBA’ ’s Dallas Mavericks and star of ABC’ ’s " Shark    Tank , " who also served as a prominent supporter of Democratic    presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during the general election    campaign , expanded upon this point in the MSNBC interview . ’ ’    " Donald loves superlatives , " Cuban said . " Donald loves being    able to brag . And if you give Donald something that gives    Donald bragging rights , [ such as ] ’’ we will make this the fastest    Supreme Court nominee confirmation ever in the history of the    United States . In exchange for that , we want to replace this    cabinet pick or that cabinet pick or have you do this or have you    do that . ’’ ’ ’    Cuban said it’ ’s " worth trying , " adding that the voters Democrats    need to worry about in the next election are not those who voted    for Trump or Clinton , but those who voted for neither . ’ ’    " those who voted   for Trump or Clinton are the people who are going to have the greatest impact    in the next election , " he said    ’ "    Taking a shot at Trump , Trump said their was a low bar to get    over for something Trump does Trump be considered successful , after    being    for his thoughts    the president ’s rollout of his       Court nominee Tuesday night . " ’    " It was a nice presentation , " he said    " I mean , the bar is low .    All he had    do was not go off on a tangent , which he didn’’t    .    He popped    his typical    superlatives . .. it was fine . " ’ ’    It’ ’s now a " question of what happens next , " Cuban said ,    adding there is still " a whole lot more we need to learn . " ’ ’    " I don’’t think his management don’’t is all of a sudden going to    change    he decided don’’t stick to the script for the most    part in presenting the Supreme Court nominee , " he said don’’t ’ "   —    something he frequently don’’t during the    campaign   —    following the president ’s Friday executive order    temporarily barring travel from seven    nations and    all refugees from entering the US . The order   —    which    targeted countries previously identified as terror hotspots    by the Obama administration   —    was met with backlash by many    business leaders and politicians , and it led The order  —   which   targeted countries previously identified as terror hotspots   by the Obama administration  —    chaos at airports    and protests nationwide . " ’    Cuban spent days tweeting in opposition to the president ,    engaged with prominent Trump supporters such as   and began making the    rounds on cable news , hitting CNBC , CNN , and MSNBC .   ’ ’    In the process , he became the    face of opposition to    Trump in the business and tech community , taking a more active    stance against the president than any prominent executive . ’ ’    " I’’ve been crushing POTUS , " he . I’’ve He has I’’ve    it .    ’ ’Mark Cuban continued his opposition I’’ve to . .. ’ 
 