PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    The Democratic National Convention officially begins at 10:00 a. m. on Monday morning , and the first event is a series of racial gatherings . Delegates who belong to various racial and ethnic " caucus " groups will gather separately to determine Delegates who belong to various racial and ethnic "caucus" groups joint interests and goals for the convention as a whole . [ It is a uniquely Democratic Party spin on the national motto of " E pluribus unum "   —    " from many , one . "    According to the official schedule , the groups include the Black Caucus , the Hispanic Caucus , the " Ethnic Council , " the AAPI (   and Pacific Islander ) Caucus , and the Native American Council . Later , starting at 12:00 p. m. and running through the    other ,    interest groups will gather , including the Native American Council , the Small Business Owners Council , the Veterans and Military Families Council , the Labor Council , and the Faith Council . Over the past several decades , the Democratic Party has increasingly seen itself as the Democratic Party set of interest groups , or ethnic and racial voting blocs , held together by shared common interests and ideals . With Hillary Clinton as the presumptive nominee , struggling to unify the party the Democratic Party wake of the Wikileaks email scandal , the main common interest is simply defeating the Republican Party the Democratic Party by Wikileaks show the Democratic National Wikileaks ( DNC ) colluding to ensure that Clinton gained an advantage in Hillary Clinton primaries over insurgent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) . The scandal forced the resignation the Wikileaks email scandal chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz , who will gavel the convention in and out but otherwise be " quarantined " in Philadelphia , and who will leave her post at the end of proceedings , to be replaced by former CNN commentator and Clinton administration veteran Donna Brazile Hillary Clinton The slogan " Love Trumps Hate " is one of the Clinton campaign ’s messages , Hillary Clinton adorns some decorations at the convention . Joel B. Pollak the convention     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Regnery 