Columbus , Ohio ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Monday took Donald Trump complaints about the " rigged " political system one step further . " I ’m afraid the election ’s going to be rigged . I have to be honest , " Donald Trump told voters in Ohio , a crucial swing state . Donald Trump comments Monday Monday as he Donald Trump Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders for endorsing Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary , even as some Sanders Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders have continued to resist unifying behind the nominee . Trump Donald Trump sought to siphon off Sanders Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and draw them Sanders supporters his Donald Trump . Trump Donald Trump that he Donald Trump heard " more and more " that the November election will be rigged     suggesting to his Sanders supporters the outcome of the election the November election of the hands of voters . Hillary Clinton ’s spokesman Brian Fallon mocked Trump Donald Trump Twitter Tuesday morning , writing , " Even for a reflexive conspiracy theorist like Trump Donald Trump is pathetic . It ’s dangerous , this . " Trump during Donald Trump primary repeatedly slammed the " rigged system " he claimed Donald Trump working against his campaign Donald Trump capture the Republican nomination for president . He then Donald Trump to using that language to decry the nomination process on the left , accusing the Democratic Party of colluding with the Clinton campaign to keep Sanders from winning that party ’s nomination . Trump ’s comments during the primary bolstered the impression that Trump , a political outsider , was leading the charge against a corrupt political system . But his latest comments could Trump’s comments during the primary general election Trump’s his supporters might decide not Trump’s turn out to vote if the election is already " rigged " against their candidate . Trump continued with the his supporters Trump’s " theme during a Monday night interview on Fox News . Appearing on " Hannity , " the Republican nominee suggested the potential for foul play in November . Trump pointed to the 2012 Trump’s election as a cause the election I ’ve been hearing about it for a long time , " Trump said . " And Trump’s know last time , there were     you had precincts where there was practically nobody voting for the Republican . And I think that ’s wrong . I think that was unfair , frankly " for 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney . " I ’m telling you , November 8 , we ’d better be careful , because that election is going to be rigged , " Trump the election " And Trump’s hope the Republicans are watching closely or it ’s going to be taken away from us . " the election we 