Balmedie , Scotland ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States has been a central issue of Donald Trump campaign     but Donald Trump has described proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States differently in the weeks since the mass shooting in Orlando . Donald Trump spokeswoman , Hope Hicks , told CNN Saturday that Donald Trump supports barring only Muslims from " terror states , " not all Muslims . Donald Trump even indicated that the proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States not ironclad , telling CNN in CNN brief interview on Saturday Donald Trump Saturday consider allowing Muslims from states with heavy terrorist activity to enter the U. S. as long as they are Muslims vetted strongly . " Here ’s a look at what Donald Trump and Donald Trump campaign have said about the ban proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States calls for a ban on Muslim entry     December 7 , 2015 , Days after two Islamist shooters killed 14 people in San Bernardino , California , Donald Trump announced the controversial policy , calling for a " total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . " Donald Trump proposal was fiercely criticized from all corners of the political spectrum , but Donald Trump did not deviate from Donald Trump policy . the controversial policy Donald Trump continued to double down in subsequent months and weeks at rallies and in interviews , even telling CNN ’s Anderson Cooper in March that Donald Trump believed " Islam hates us . " Focus on terror after the Orlando attack     June 13 , Donald Trump quickly pivoted to national security after a lone gunman killed 49 people in a gay nightclub in Orlando , Florida . Orlando a speech the next day in Manchester , New Hampshire , Donald Trump again talked about banning people from the U. S.     but this time did n’t specifically mention banning Muslims . " I will suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States , Europe , or our allies , until we understand how to our these threats , " Donald Trump said . Donald Trump did not say whether Donald Trump intended to ban individuals from those countries in addition to banning all foreign Muslims , or whether the policy was a replacement for Donald Trump blanket Muslim ban . And Donald Trump campaign did not respond to multiple requests asking for clarification on whether Trump still supported banning all foreign Muslims from all foreign Muslims Still , Trump did not distance himself from Trump focus on Muslims Trump the Trump of the Orlando , doubling down on his proposal to launch surveillance operations Trump U. S. mosques during a rally in Atlanta last week . ’It would n’t bother me’     June 25 , On Saturday , gaggling with reporters as he toured his golf club here Trump Trump Trump in an offhand comment that his ban would n’t apply to Trump from countries not typically associated with terrorism . " It would n’t bother me , it would n’t bother me , It Trump said when asked whether he Trump allow a Scottish Muslim Trump the U. S. under his policy . His campaign spokeswoman Trump Hicks , Trump told CNN that Trump does not support banning all Trump Muslims from entering the U. S. but instead would the U. S. " terror states "     though he did not specify which states Trump believed supported terror . Trump Trump national finance chairman , Trump Mnuchin , who accompanied Trump on his Scotland trip , Trump suggested Trump ’s policy had changed . Trump It is about terrorism and not about religion . It is about Muslims from countries that support terrorism , " Mnuchin told reporters on Saturday . Interviews with CNN , the Daily Mail and Bloomberg     June 25 , Trump also indicated on Saturday that Trump ban is not ironclad and Saturday to answer directly in an interview with CNN whether his ban would extend to all CNN Muslims his ban , Trump emphasized that Muslims from states Trump heavy terrorist activity would be " very strongly " vetted and suggested that the U. S. would more closely scrutinize all individuals seeking to enter the country . He also told the Daily Mail Trump individuals from " terror countries " would be " even more severely vetted " but could ultimately be allowed entry into the country . " People coming from the terror the country and you know who I ’m talking about when I talk about the terror states     we are going to be so the terror states     believe it and frankly a lot will be banned , " Trump told CNN after touring his golf course here .   Trump also focused on the need to Trump individuals from " terrorist countries Trump in an interview later Saturday with Bloomberg Politics . " I want terrorists out . I want people that have bad thoughts out . I would limit specific terrorist countries and we know who those terrorist countries are , " Trump said , again not specifying which specific terrorist countries included . 
 Trump 