CLEVELAND   —    President Obama on Friday implored voters here to " reject a dark and pessimistic vision " offered by Donald J. Trump and urged a robust turnout on behalf of Hillary Clinton in a state where the presidential candidates are locked in a    contest . Following by a day President Obama ’s deeply personal denunciation of Mr. Trump , the President Obama assailed the Republican nominee as a morally compromised and intellectually inferior person who fakes his concern the Republican nominee the working class in America . " The guy the Republican nominee years on this earth showing no regard for working people , " Mr. Obama President Obama describing Mr. Trump as a wealthy opportunist who is pretending to be something he has never been the Republican nominee " And then suddenly , he ’s going to the Republican nominee the champion of working people ? Come on . Come on , man . " Mr. Obama cited President Obama of statements from Mr. Trump as evidence that Mr. Trump nominee is unfit to be president , and said people do not have to be " a husband or a father " to know that Mr. Trump ’s comments about women Mr. Trump . " You just have to be a decent human being , " Mr. Obama told a crowd of Democrats at a rally on the banks of Lake Erie , with Cleveland skyscrapers as a backdrop . The president ’s searing critique of Mr. Mr. Obama an indication of the Mr. Trump ’s hope that it can emerge victorious in Ohio despite recent polling that suggests a very close race in the Buckeye State . Just weeks ago , Ohio   —    with its many economically struggling Ohio mostly white ,    Ohio   —    seemed to be trending toward    Trump , with    polls indicating a small lead for the Republican nominee . Mrs. Clinton went several weeks this fall without visiting the state . But the avalanche of news since the publication of a lewd recording in which Mr. Trump demeans women appears to have benefited Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump here . An NBC    Street    Mrs. Clinton Friday showed the race in Ohio between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton essentially tied among likely voters , with Gary Johnson , Mrs. Clinton candidate , getting almost 10 percent of the vote . For Mrs. Clinton to win Ohio ’s 18 electoral votes , she will need Mrs. Clinton in    centers Ohio Cleveland , where slightly more Mrs. Clinton half of the residents are black . Early voting began this week , and Mr. Obama on Friday repeatedly urged the crowd and those watching on television to take nothing for granted . " Ohio is always close , " Mr. Obama told the crowd . " You can go vote early right now Mr. Obama voting started on Wednesday . This is an opportunity for you to exercise your right to vote , your civic responsibility . " The president ’s stump speech has evolved over the last several weeks , with Mr. Obama testifying to Mrs. Clinton ’s qualifications , but also lashing out at Mr. Mr. Obama increasingly blunt terms . As Mrs. Obama was in her assault on Mr. Trump in New Hampshire on Thursday , the Mr. Obama become unleashed in Mr. Obama criticism of the Republican nominee . In a speech Thursday The president’s stump speech Democrats in Columbus , Ohio The president’s stump speech Mr. Obama assailed what he called " the swamp of crazy " that Republicans have allowed to fester The president’s stump speech years . He The president’s stump speech Mr. Trump was merely the outgrowth of a political worldview that Republicans have increasingly embraced in Washington The president’s stump speech around The president’s stump speech . " You claim the mantle of the party of family values , and this is the guy Washington ? " Mr. Obama told the crowd in Columbus . " You ’re the party that is tough on foreign policy and opposes Russia , and then you nominate this guy , whose role model is Vladimir Putin , the former head of the K. G. B. ? I ’m sorry , what happened ? " Mr. Obama repeated that criticism of Republicans on Friday morning , blaming the party ’s elected officials for failing to stand Mr. Obama Mr. Trump ’s brand of politics until polls showed that it Republicans their own fortunes . " Republicans who knew better stood by silently and even during the course of this campaign did n’t say anything , " Mr. Obama said . He acknowledged that a number of Republicans have denounced Mr. Trump in the wake of the lewd recording , but added , " Mr. Obama , you were n’t appalled earlier when he was saying degrading things about women ? " During much of his speech , Mr. Obama seemed almost bemused by the turn Mr. Obama campaign has taken , with Mr. Trump becoming an easy target Mr. Obama the president Mr. Obama on domestic policy , foreign affairs and personal temperament . But the president Mr. Trump that Mrs. Clinton needs help in establishing the kind of passionate connection with voters that he had in 2008 . Mr. Obama during his remarks , Mr. Obama described Mrs. Clinton as tough and qualified and urged voters to embrace Mr. Obama . During the campaign , he said Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton Mr. Obama been " complaining Mrs. Clinton or fighting . " " She was just doing the Mrs. Clinton , " he Mr. Obama . " And that Mrs. Clinton you want from a president : someone who is going to sit there Mrs. Clinton do the work for Mr. Obama . " As he has in the past , Mr. Obama described his    secretary of state as the most qualified person ever to seek the work . He said " she ’s a president to Mr. Obama at it Mr. Obama " and he urged those who supported Bernie Sanders , the Vermont senator who challenged Mr. Obama Clinton in the primaries , to his   secretary of state her now . " If you Mr. Obama felt the Bern’ in the primaries , you need to vote , " he said to big cheers from the crowd . But in his   secretary of state end , the case Mr. Obama made Friday morning was the primaries Mr. Trump . Mr. Obama voice rising in a singsong cadence , the president said that courtesy , equality , honesty and kindness were all on the ballot . " Democracy itself is on the ballot Mr. Trump now , " the president bellowed above Mr. Trump from the crowd . " Send a message of progress . Send a message of hope . " 
 Mr. Trump the ballot 