Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump may propose slashing as much as a quarter of the Environmental Protection Agency ’s budget , two sources tell CNN , a cut that one former the Environmental Protection Agency official said would be " devastating . " Trump and one former EPA official aides announced a budget blueprint Monday that boosted defense spending by $ 54 billion while slashing    programs by the same amount . While details on how the cuts would be made were scarce , sources inside the administration made clear that the the Environmental Protection Agency ’s budget would be a prime target . The White House sent a budget blueprint Monday that boosted defense spending by $54 billion while slashing   programs by the same amount to the various government agencies on Monday with suggested cuts . Mick Mulvaney , director of the Office of Management and Budget , told reporters that the White The White House with agencies to work through how they plan to make The White House cuts . While suggested cuts aides cast The White House as " belt tightening suggested cuts they were announced , there is widespread concern within the EPA that the changes will dramatically alter the function of an agency that was created under Republican President Richard Nixon in 1970 . A current EPA employee , who requested anonymity in the EPA to speak freely , said the cuts will weaken the agency to suggested cuts where it can an agency that was created under Republican President Richard Nixon in 1970 its most basic functions . an agency that was created under Republican President Richard Nixon in 1970 cuts resemble the an agency that was created under Republican President Richard Nixon in 1970 stance Scott Pruitt suggested cuts the head of the EPA , took while he was Oklahoma ’s attorney general . Pruitt , whose nomination and subsequent confirmation were protested by several current and former EPA employees , sued the agency he now leads more the EPA a dozen times in his he role . John O’Grady , the president of he union that represents the EPA ’s employees nationwide , said Monday that staffers are the EPA grappling with the likely possibility of layoffs . " It is clear that big changes are on their way , " O’Grady said . " It is big changes to have to mean layoffs or closing facilities or a combination of the two . " He added : " I think there are still some O’Grady at EPA that ca n’t believe they can possibly do this the EPA . .. Technically , they have the authority to do it , but do they have the right to do it ? I think they moves into the realm of it . " A source with knowledge of the discussions between the EPA and the Trump White House told CNN that the cuts are not expected to impact capital investment for programs related to the EPA ’s mission . " You ’re not going to see cuts to programs that require us to build things like : building waste water facilities , building facilities for clean water . We are committed to capital investments , " said the source , who did not have clearance to speak publicly on specifics of the budget negotiations . The source added that funding for these sorts of building the source, who did not have clearance to speak publicly on specifics of the budget negotiations likely to remain the same or increase , while the    investment portion of the agency ’s budget will bear the brunt of the impact . 
 