  ( CNN ) Fresh off a contentious confirmation hearing , Justice Neil Gorsuch will take the bench Monday at the Supreme Court for two weeks of oral arguments that include a significant religious liberty case . It will be the first time Justice Neil Gorsuch dons a black robe as a justice , and Justice Neil Gorsuch presence brings the Supreme Court back to full strength more than a year after the sudden death of Justice Antonin Scalia . It is a busy week as the justices will decide whether to add some important cases for next term     they the justices announce opinions Tuesday and Wednesday and they the justices hear arguments for the last scheduled sitting of the term . All eyes will be trained on the court ’s most recent addition , the     Gorsuch , to see how he interacts with his he colleagues and to try to glean clues about his he . RELATED : Welcome to the Supreme Court , rookie , Gorsuch joins the the Supreme Court it rounds the final turn of a term set to conclude by the end of June . Last week , the justices held their regular the justices conference to discuss pending petitions . After the conference concluded , the court the Supreme Court Gorsuch had not Gorsuch presumably because he needed time Gorsuch adjust to his new job Gorsuch prepare for upcoming oral arguments . The results of the conference will the conference Monday morning at 9:30 a. m. ET . One pending petition concerns a Colorado cake artist who refused to make a cake for a    couple ’s wedding reception , citing religious objections . RELATED : Christian cake shops vs.    marriage , Another case deals with North Carolina ’s voter ID law that was blocked from going into effect before the last election by the lower courts . The justices could also decide whether to hear a case concerning claims by undocumented Central American women and their children who were apprehended immediately after entering the United States surreptitiously in late 2015 . Lawyers for the families seek to challenge their expedited removal proceedings Lawyers for the families federal court arguing they face    violence Lawyers for the families home . Also on Monday , the court might see federal court petitions stemming from a controversy concerning efforts in Arkansas to block several scheduled executions in the coming days . Lawyers for death row inmates argue that the proposed method of execution constitutes cruel and unusual punishment . Oral arguments   Starting at 10:00 a. m. ET on Monday court watchers will hear arguments in three cases , including Town of Chester v. Laroe Estates . While the case is a technical one dealing with the scope of the standing doctrine , it is being argued by the case Acting Solicitor General Neal Katyal his confirmation hearing and his endorsement infuriated some of his fellow Democrats who fought against Gorsuch . Katyal is unlikely Gorsuch Katyal recuse himself from the Katyal , as justices hear arguments Gorsuch the time from lawyers Gorsuch much closer Gorsuch than Katyal and Gorsuch . On Wednesday , the court will hear arguments in Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer . The religious liberty case has the Supreme Court of becoming the term ’s most important case . RELATED the case transform the Supreme Court , It was granted shortly before Scalia ’s death , but the justices held off on setting it for argument , perhaps Gorsuch that it might need a    vote . It involves a daycare facility run by Gorsuch Trinity Lutheran Church in Missouri . the justices church sought a state grant given the justices facilities that use recycled tires as a surface for playgrounds to improve safety a daycare facility run by the Trinity Lutheran Church in Missouri awarded the grants to other nonprofits , but said that the daycare facility was ineligible because the Missouri Constitution bars funding Missouri churches . Lawyers for the church say the state ’s a daycare facility run by the Trinity Lutheran Church in Missouri Constitution . If the court rules in favor of the church , it could narrow a daycare facility run by the Trinity Lutheran Church in Missouri between church and state . Last week , however , the justices asked parties to address a a daycare facility run by the Trinity Lutheran Church in Missouri in the the court . Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens recently announced his administration would reverse course and allow religious organizations to apply for and be eligible for such state grants . In a statement he said that Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens he came into office in 2016 , " government bureaucrats were under orders to deny grants to people of faith who wanted Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens do things like Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens community playgrounds for kids . " " That ’s just wrong , " he said . Although Greitens said he did n’t expect his decision to impact the Supreme Court case , the justices are asking the parties to Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens to whether the case is Greitens moot . Decisions Greitens On Tuesday and Wednesday ,   the court will issue opinions . There are several cases that have the Supreme Court case be decided , which could indicate the justices are evenly split and Supreme Court to have the case    before the full    court . One case that seemed close during oral argument concerns the justices Mexican national who was shot to death in 2010 by a Supreme Court Patrol agent standing on American soil . The teenager was cowering behind a pillar just across the border in Mexico . The family of Sergio Hernandez is seeking to sue the border official for their son ’s death . They say the agent violated Hernandez ’s constitutional rights . The violent shooting was caught on cellphone video and sparked outrage because of the fact that Hernandez The family of Sergio Hernandez unarmed . The case The family of Sergio Hernandez with a US Customs and Border Patrol agent standing on American soil of tension Sergio Hernandez the Trump administration and Mexico over the issue of building a wall between the two countries . Another case , Sergio Hernandez v. Rodriguez , grapples with whether it is unlawful to subject thousands of immigrants fighting deportation to    detention without individualized bond hearings . The case is brought by a class of immigrants who seek hearings to prove that they are neither a flight risk nor a danger to society . And Sessions v. Morales deals with Another case, Jennings v. Rodriguez statute that applies citizenship requirements for a child born of a US citizen father immigrants stringently than a US citizen mother when they are unwed and their child is born abroad . RELATED : Supreme Court rules in favor of death row inmate 
 they 