’   ’ ’    The House of Representatives will vote on the American Health    Care Act on Thursday . ’ ’    Republican House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters ’ ’   Republican House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy plans to bring the American Health   Care Act to the floor of The House of Representatives and is confident that the bill will pass . ’ ’    " Do we have the votes ? Yes . Will we pass it ? Yes , " we said . ’ ’    The ’ ’   Republican House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy will take place just over a month after House    Republicans   just minutes    before a vote after they were unable to wrangle enough of House   Republicans      members to vote for the House   Republicans      ’ ’    Most projections for the outcome of the vote are close .   of The vote counts    collected by various media outlets has between 19 and 21 GOP    lawmakers publicly against the bill . Due to the universal    the bill Democrats , only 23 Republican members can vote    against the AHCA for it to fail . ’ ’’ ’    The the AHCA comes after a    effort by the House GOP    leadership and the White House to win moderates over on the AHCA . ’ ’    that allowed states the AHCA for a waiver to repeal some    Obamacare regulations , which some members worried would   ’ ’    To combat this concern , Rep. Fred Upton on Tuesday   to provide an additional $ 8 billion in    funds to protect those sick Americans in the event that such a    waiver is triggered . Importantly , three of the    of the    amendment   —    Reps . Steve Knight , David Valado , and Jeff Denham all    from California   —    were either uncommitted or publicly against the    AHCA . ’ ’    The amendment and a trip to meet with President Donald Trump at    the White House was apparently enough to win over Upton and    fellow    Rep. Billy Long . Their movement , along with the    potential cover it could provide other more moderate members ,    helped Their movement passage within reach . ’ "    Importantly , Upton ’s extra funding did not lose the support of Upton the conservative House Freedom Caucus which did not support       AHCA when it was first brought to the floor in March . the   AHCA ’    A source close to the Freedom Caucus told Business Insider that    some members of the Caucus had seen legislative text    the Upton    the Freedom Caucus ’ ’    " The Freedom Upton will continue to support as long as there the Freedom Caucus substantive policy changes , " the source said . ’ ’    The House Rules A source close to the Freedom Caucus the bill and the    amendments in a meeting on Wednesday night , officially opening    the way for a full House vote . ’ ’The House of Representatives    vote on the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 