  ( CNN ) Micah Fletcher , the man who survived the Portland commuter train knife attack , went on social media Wednesday to say people are worrying about the wrong victim . The young women who were being subjected to a man ’s racial and religious insults while riding on the MAX light rail train are the ones who need sympathy and support , Fletcher said in a video posted on Fletcher Facebook account . " The little girl who had the misfortune to experience what happened on that MAX , The little girl who had the misfortune to experience what happened on that MAX life is never going to be the same , " said Fletcher , filmed in a bedroom while wearing a bathrobe .   Two    teenagers , one of whom is Muslim and was wearing a hijab , were verbally attacked last Friday by Jeremy Joseph Christian , authorities said . " Imagine that for a second     being the little girl on the MAX , " Fletcher said . " This man is screaming at you , This man face is a pile of knives , This man body is a gun . Everything about This man is cocked , loaded and ready to kill you . " There ’s a history here with this , you can feel that this has happened before , the only thing that was different was the names and faces . And then a stranger , two strangers , three strangers , come to your aid , your aid try to help you and a pile of knives just throws itself at them , kills your aid . " your aid men stood to defend the girls . Christian slashed the throats of Taliesin Myrddin    and Ricky John Best , killing them , police Three men .   Fletcher ’s survival may have come down to millimeters . The attacker ’s blade , he said , The attacker into his neck but The attacker missed his carotid artery The attacker ’Make it spread like wildfire’ Fletcher said Fletcher the kindness Fletcher toward him and the families Fletcher the two men . This outpouring can be attributed , " to put it bluntly , ( to ) this white savior complex , " said Fletcher , who is white . " We need to remember Fletcher, who is white is about those little girls , " he said . " Fletcher need you , if you really want to support me , to like this , to share this , whatever , this make it spread like wildfire this " A YouCaring page has been set up to collect money for the girls . " those little girls will go toward basic necessities like meals and transportation , as they feel unsafe to ride The funds transportation after their experience , " the The funds said . " A YouCaring page , funds will go toward mental health services to ensure their mental and emotional welfare . funds In an interview with ABC News , Fletcher also spoke about defending his community . " If you Fletcher here , move here , or if you want to call this city home , it is your home , " he told ABC News . " Fletcher we ABC News each other like that is the truth , no matter what the consequences . " " The Muslim community , especially in Portland , needs to understand that there are a lot of us that are not going to stand by and let anybody     whether they are from here or not     anybody     you into thinking you ca n’t be a part of this town , this city , this community , or this country , " he told ABC . ’I call it patriotism’ Christian was arraigned Tuesday and yelled as he walked into the courtroom , saying he " Get out if you do n’t like free speech ! " and " You call it terrorism I call it patriotism . free speech hear me ? free speech . " Christian was arraigned on several charges , Christian two counts of aggravated murder , attempted murder , two counts of    intimidation and being a felon in possession of a restricted weapon , police say .   His next court appearance is set for June 7 . A Multnomah County grand jury will convene in the coming days to consider additional charges , and federal authorities are still deciding whether to prosecute Christian for hate crimes . Christian said he was transient and " Christian not Christian the last time he had a permanent address . " Christian documents from previous years show he lived with his parents .   Christian in Portland Christian As Portland comes to grips with the attack Portland at least three rallies are set for Sunday : a    rally in Terry Schrunk Plaza , and two demonstrations by     coalitions , one in front of City Hall and the other at Chapman Square . Police are geared up to handle any confrontations . Patriot Prayer plans to hold a Trump Free Speech Rally at 2 p. m. in Terry Schrunk Plaza , organizer Joey Gibson Terry Schrunk Plaza The Federal Protective Service plans to provide officers to help local police , Portland Police Chief Mike Marshman told CNN affiliate KATU . Portland Stands United Against Hate CNN planning a demonstration Portland front of City Hall at 12:30 p. m. and a rally dubbed Portland Stands United Against Fascism is planned for noon in    Chapman Square , according to announcements on Facebook . Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler had opposed the Schrunk Plaza Portland , citing concern over community tensions following the train attack . He asked the federal government to revoke the permit Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler the demonstration , CNN affiliate KOIN reported . But the federal General Services Administration declined , saying " the permit was lawfully obtained to assemble at this the permit for the demonstration . GSA has no basis to revoke the permit , " KOIN reported . Wheeler also opposed a March Against Sharia CNN affiliate KOIN for Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler 10 in Portland .   That event has been canceled , Scott Ryan Presler , an organizer of the Portland March Against Sharia , said in a Facebook post . He invited Sharia planning to participate to " join us Scott Ryan Presler, an organizer of the Portland March Against Sharia Seattle . " The March Against Sharia , sponsored by ACT for America , is a national event and will be held in cities across the United States . CORRECTION : In an earlier version of the story , CNN incorrectly reported the location of the Trump Free Speech Rally , which will be held in Portland on Sunday . 
 