Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump took to Twitter Tuesday evening to deride the US intelligence agencies due to brief Donald Trump on alleged Russian hacking of American political groups . It was Donald Trump latest attack on a key body Donald Trump will rely on as commander in chief and again put Donald Trump at odds with the agencies’ unanimous conclusion that Russia hacked Democratic Party groups and individuals to interfere in the US presidential election . Trump suggested that intelligence officials postponed an " ’intelligence’ briefing on    ’Russian hacking’ " that they were set to deliver to Trump this week because they might need more time " to build a case . " Trump called the alleged delay " very strange . " Trump tweeted Wednesday , " Julian Assange said ’a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta’    why was DNC so careless ? Also said Russians did not give Trump the info ! " Trump said last week that Trump would receive an intelligence briefing on the Russian breaches this week and suggested this week would come early on , telling reporters on New Year ’s Eve that Russians would know more about the subject " Tuesday or Wednesday . " But US intelligence officials disputed Trump ’s tweet alleging a delay . Top US intelligence officials have been scheduled to brief Trump on the full report on Russian hacking President Barack Obama ordered once it was completed , but the meeting was not set to take place until later in the week , according to US officials . the meeting was never scheduled for Tuesday , as Russian hacking President Barack Obama Russian hacking President Barack Obama yet to receive the    briefing on the Russian hacking , one US official said . And a US intelligence official told CNN that Director of National Intelligence James Clapper was never scheduled to be in New York City , where Trump is , on Tuesday     and was perplexed about the " delay " Trump claimed was taking place . Trump on Trump receive Tuesday     classified intelligence briefing     the Presidential Daily Briefing     which Trump has elected Trump receive only sporadically . But it did not dive deeply into the Russian hacking . WikiLeaks’ Assange : Russia did n’t give us emails , US officials briefed on the matter said Clapper , National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers , FBI Director James Comey and CIA Director John Brennan are scheduled to attend the meeting with Trump providing him details on National Security Agency Director Adm. Mike Rogers, FBI Director James Comey and CIA Director John Brennan Russian hacking . While Obama met with the heads of US intelligence agencies in his first weeks Obama    Trump has Trump Trump so eight weeks after he was elected , Obama US officials said was due to Trump ’s scheduling conflicts Trump , the    has repeatedly questioned their assessment of Russian cyber the    . Before the election , when 17 US intelligence agencies issued a public statement concluding that Russia orchestrated the hack of the Democratic National Committee , Trump immediately cast doubt on Trump conclusions , arguing it was impossible to distinguish between a Russian government operative and " somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds . " After Obama then slapped a series of sanctions on Russia , Trump issued a Russia calling Trump the country to " move Russia bigger and better things " and then tweeted praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin for not Russian against the sanctions . Trump continued his skepticism on Trump Year Trump Eve , telling reporters once again that it " could be somebody else . " " I know a lot about hacking . And hacking is a very hard thing to prove , " he said . He added Trump he also Trump " things Trump other people do n’t know , so they ca n’t be sure of other people situation . " On Tuesday , Russia again denied intervening in the US election campaign .   Reacting to a US intelligence official who told CNN the administration traced the hack to specific keyboards , which featured Cyrillic characters , Kremlin spokesman Dimitri Peskov said : " I do n’t understand what this means exactly but Cyrillic characters can be used everywhere . "   " Once again I reject any possibility that official Russia can be involved in Russia Russia " he added .   In December , Russia said it was " indecent " Kremlin spokesman Dimitri Peskov the US to " groundlessly " accuse Russia of intervention in the US election Russia . 
 