  ( CNN ) Many have raised the specter of former President Richard Nixon and the " Saturday Night Massacre " in the wake of FBI Director James Comey ’s ouster this week , but California Gov. Jerry Brown is careful not to draw too much of a comparison . California Gov. Jerry Brown spoke Jerry Brown FBI Director James Comey’s to David Axelrod in a special conversation on " The Axe Files , " airing Saturday at 9 p. m. ET on CNN .   " I think it was a different period , " Brown said . " California Gov. Jerry Brown I ’ve seen the press trying to make that analogy thing . I think we are in a different period . " The Democratic governor spoke California Gov. Jerry Brown FBI Director James Comey’s to David Axelrod in a special conversation on David Axelrod Axe Files , " airing Saturday at 9 p. m. ET on CNN Saturday   " I do think that CNN FBI Director James Comey’s public statements about the emails and Hillary was very bad and unprofessional , and he FBI Director James Comey’s never even acknowledged it , " Brown said . " So the emails think Comey FBI Director James Comey’s real serious problems . " Despite these concerns , Brown is skeptical of the timing of Comey Brown .   " That ’s the other point , that he asked FBI Director James Comey’s resources to investigate the    connection , " Brown said . " So yeah , that smells Brown No question about it . " Comey was FBI Director James Comey’s dismissed Tuesday night , with his ouster FBI Director James Comey’s pinned on the recommendation of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein . In a memorandum , Rosenstein said Comey had FBI Director James Comey’s his investigation FBI Director James Comey’s Hillary Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ’s email server , specifically noting that he attempted FBI Director James Comey’s " usurp the attorney general ’s authority " by publicly announcing in July 2016 that he would FBI Director James Comey’s seek charges on Clinton ’s handling of classified information while secretary of state . In the days following the firing , however , the White House has shifted the narrative . President Donald Trump said Wednesday that Comey " was n’t doing a good job . " Then , on Thursday , he claimed that he would have dismissed Comey regardless President Donald Trump Rosenstein ’s President Donald Trump and said he Comey the FBI investigation into allegations of collusion President Donald Trump Trump campaign aides and Russian operatives in an effort President Donald Trump influence the US election when he made the decision to oust Comey .   President Donald Trump thinks all of this tumult and uncertainty is not only hanging over Trump , but also over the nation ’s capital President Donald Trump adding that he would like to see both sides of the Brown come together to get some definitive answers   —   and that ’s where he would like to see echoes of Watergate . Brown I would like to see the Senate restore some of it ’s earlier luster , thinking of the great the Senate in the Senate in the past , and with truly the Senate and Republicans , let them investigate , " Brown said . " I think truly bipartisan Democrats and Republicans maybe you bring the House in , too . Watergate was a lot . The investigation there was Watergate by the House of Representatives and by the committees .   So I think they ’re capable , if they can get off this truly bipartisan Democrats and Republicans of partisanship and polarization truly bipartisan Democrats and Republicans " Beyond the Beltway , Brown sees an opportunity for Democrats to seize on what Brown calls the " paradox of Trump , " or Brown elevation of progressive causes in opposition to Trump ’s agenda .   " Trump is a very Trump figure , " Brown said Trump " Obamacare was less popular when Obama Brown president . It is more popular with President Trump . Climate change Obamacare a far more significant Trump issue under Trump than it was under Obama . Trump , by becoming Trump face Climate change    and Obama face Trump climate denial , gives both of those causes , those    a very bad name and thereby boosts the more progressive alternative . " " If the world does n’t blow up , the Democrats are going to consolidate in a very powerful way if they use a little bit of judgment , " Brown said the Democrats    Brown suggested that some of this strategy means reconnecting with voters Brown industrial swing states who he believes might grow disappointed with the President .   " Brown the strange and bad things people said about him , it reinforced the idea that he ’s different , Brown ’s not one of the old Brown . Maybe he Brown get me a job maybe he ’ll help me Brown That was the hope , " Brown said of the 2016 election . " Now , the reality is , he ’s disappointing that . And if he does n’t change Brown the people in all those swing Brown are going to be very open to a very different kind of candidacy . " 
 