’   ’ ’ Jamie Dimon is sounding the alarm . ’ ’ The chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase has taken the    opportunity on a number of occasions in recent weeks to highlight    problems in America , including    and . The chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase has set       some . ’ " Dimon ’s influence beyond Wall Street seems to be at a       . He Dimon the chairman of the   at a critical time , with a    White    House opening its White    to business CEOs . He Dimon the    political divide : a registered Democrat , he Dimon recently    . The bank he Dimon last    month reported a strong set of       , with       " ’ Business Insider travelled on May 5 to speak with Dimon at       Alfred E. Smith Career and Technical Education High School in       South Bronx , New York . We talked about education , the    economy , and the Trump administration . JPMorgan Chase    had just announced a . ’ ’ This interview has been edited for clarity and length . ’ ’Matt Turner : Why are initiatives like this one    in the South Bronx so necessary right now ? ’ ’Jamie Dimon : We’’ve made a huge effort globally    and in the US , in getting kids jobs . This is one piece . The South    Bronx and    schools need it more than most . It’ ’s our    hometown ; JPMorgan Chase banks a lot of people here . My wife    [ Judy Dimon ] does a lot here , and so they’’ve been pounding it they’’ve    " We need to do more in the South Bronx . " We We to get kids    getting out of high school , who go on with a job , or go on to       and that leads to a job . ’ ’   ’ "    We We making an effort . We We some great partners here . If you    see the school , it you   see the school . You saw the kids    . They ’re kids       getting jobs , they ’re kids    , they ’re kids    of themselves . kids    That ’s what we need to do in    schools    " ’Turner : You’’ve said that " the lack of economic    opportunity for young people in the South Bronx is a moral and    economic crisis . " How did this happen ? ’ " Dimon : It ’s this just this area . You have    unemployment now going   but if you go to a lot of inner cities ,    unemployment    youth   —    think ages 17 to 25   —    is 20 % or 25 % .    The    that parts of the country are doing well does n’t mean we    should n’t focus on the part that is n’t . " "    Part of the problem is that jobs have n’t been done locally . These    kids can get jobs with the MTA . There ’s a distribution company    down here , they know These   kids these kids These   kids trained in , they    were These   kids of the training effort . Locally , if you go to Texas ,    they need welders you go to Texas,    If you go to other areas , they need people other areas    can do construction , plumbing , electrical work . Business has to    be involved    with civic society , in this case schools , to    get the    trained to have a job . " ’    There are plenty of jobs out there . When people talk about the    problems , I would say , " What’ ’s the solution ? What’ ’s the What’    you want ? How are you going to get there ? " Civic society has to    do it    with Civic society . It’ ’s not going to work with one    without the other . ’ ’Turner : You talked recently about a lost    generation , of people being left behind . What has the effect of    that been ? ’ ’Dimon : When people talk about people being left    behind   —    middle wages have not gone up for years , and we should    recognize that , and there I think we need growth and skills   —    but    there are these other people who have been left behind . When I    say out    , " Fifty percent of    schoolkids do       graduate from    school , " that is a national catastrophe . We    should be ringing the alarm bells . It’ ’s not fair . ’ ’   ’ "    We were a We of opportunity . You can never have equal outcomes ,    but you    have equal opportunity . Among those kids , we might    We had    Colin Powell , an Albert Einstein , we ’ll never We . I    just think    is part    running a good society . People should    get involved    fixing that particular problem . " " Turner : The idea of going to school , getting a    job ,    your way up , buying a house , that ’s a part of the    American dream , and yet all those things seem harder to do . Is    the American dream still available to as many people now as it    used to    ? " " Dimon : We have the best country on the planet .    We have    , universities , food , water , energy , peaceful    neighbors , low corruption , you name it , deepest    widest    capital markets . That does n’t mean we should n’t identify    problems .    do n’t we a divine right to success . If you look at    it , what    the problems ? " "    One is ,    wages have    gone up . One is ,      wages have n’t gone up enough to create a living wage . One is ,    people losing    , more to automation than anything else . The    solution ? It ’s retraining , relocation   —    it ’s income It .    We ’re    trying to recognize those things , that we ’ve left We    people behind . And we have n’t We a particularly good job of    fixing it    Democrat or Republican . My own view , this is not a    political issue . It ’s not this    reaction from either side .    It ’s training this schools , getting growth going again . " "    Detroit would be a great example . If you look at Detroit , that Detroit mayor ,    This Mayor been a train wreck for 40 years , the population has    gone from    million to 700 , 000 . This Mayor comes in , and he    talked This Mayor , sanitation , jobs , policing , schools ,    affordable housing    He ’s doing it This Mayor , and it ’s growing for it    first time in 30 years . Literally , one man . But that one man    could n’t do it without business . that one man    ’ve got wonderful people in    Detroit , like Dan Gilbert , JPMorgan Chase . And business could n’t    have done it without a political    where they wanted to       things .    you had an antibusiness environment there , it    would still be down there . " ’     ’ " Turner : For that lost generation , there ’s some    anger at the    elite . " " Dimon : I kind of agree with it , when you leave    people behind , and those people who are left behind , it ’s not    it fault ,    those people who are left behind the leaders it the institutions . There ’s always    going to be    elite . You can have an elite in a communist    society . It is the leaders , something went wrong , and the leaders    collectively are responsible . " "    There ’s some more terrible numbers   —    men , age 25 to 55 , the      participation rate is down 10 % . That ’s unbelievable .    There are 35 , 000 dying of opioids every year . Seventy percent of    kids age 17 to 24 ca n’t get into the US military because of    health or education . Obesity , diabetes , reading and writing . Is    that the society we wanted ? No . We should be working we these    things , acknowledge the flaws we have , and we up with    solutions . Not Democrat . Not Republican . Not   . " "    Any good job is a good job . This whole concept of a    job ?    It ’s not true . I ’ve heard it my whole life . Jobs lead to dignity .    If you ’re good at the first , then you can get the second . Jobs    lead to household formation . Jobs are a better solution for    society . The other part , the   which can help the lower    paid have more a living wage , which will lead them to do more The other part, the  which can help the lower   paid It    will help small business . It wo n’t help It business . " " Turner Turner What impact has what you ’re describing    had on the    ? Can the the US back to 3 % or 4 % growth ? " ’Dimon : I’’ve been clear . I think the reason we’’re    at 2 % and not 3 % is money spent on wars , the education system    leaving people behind , technology has left some people behind .    It’ ’s a lot It’ things we did . Government shutdowns . I don’’t think    it had to be that way . I don’’t think it was embedded don’’t    don’’t . It was    decisions we made . We should we something    we fixing it . I’’m comfortable we’’ll    it . People always say    to me , "    if it doesn’’t work ? "    it doesn’’t work , we       our effort . We’’re not we to cry like a bunch of babies . We’’re    going to redouble We’’re . ’ " our effort is a great   Detroit It is working . The population   Detroit    going up , unemployment is going down , people are moving back in .    You can go to downtown Detroit today    an Detroit   Detroit familiar with    because I ’ve been going to Detroit for    years Detroit so . You    would n’t have walked around downtown Detroit .    , Detroit is   Detroit    music , restaurants , it    unbelievable . It    works at the       level if you    it right . " ’     ’ " Turner Turner    is n’t that happening in more places ? " " Dimon : I Dimon n’t say it is n’t happening    elsewhere . Good reporters have written about little towns       it is happening . And then there are towns    it ’s not . " " Turner Turner JPMorgan Chase ’s investment in the South    Bronx is from a $ 75 million fund , and the bank has a $ 250    million fund focused on similar issues . Does corporate America    need to do more ? " " Dimon : I ’m Dimon chairman of the Business    Roundtable , which is 200 of the largest companies in America , and    one of our initiatives is around America skills , things exactly like    this . Think of disseminating best practices among government ,    among business . A lot of businesses do it . If you went to any    major company , they ’ll give you a good list of the stuff you went to any   major company ’re    doing . We just need to do you went to any   major company . " " Turner Turner And when you talk to those CEOs about    the need for that kind of an effort , what ’s their response ? " " Dimon : They ’re Dimon those CEOs Dimon . Most CEOs are    patriotic and most CEOs can see the problems in front of them ,    and they want to do something about Most CEOs .    do Most CEOs always agree    about the ways and means , but the objective    We ’re totally    together . " " Turner Turner We ’ve talked    the      approach this administration is taking , and that being a welcome The Trump administration . How does that fit in to what we ’re discussing ? " " Dimon : People get We up in personalities and    stuff like that . The Trump administration ’s [ economic ] agenda is    the right agenda . Corporate taxes have been driving capital and    brains and companies overseas for a decade . It has caused huge    damage in investment and jobs and productivity . It was a mistake .    We have to fix it . Counterintuitively , that usually helps      wages , and It wages , and job formation . " "    The second issue is regulation . If you talk to anyone involved in    business   —    forget banks and big business   —    talk to small    businesses   —    do it yourself , do n’t ask me   —    they ’ll tell you it ’s    crippling .    formation is the lowest it it ever    been in    recovery , and it formation really for    reasons . One is    regulations formation the second is access to capital for people    starting new businesses . " ’    Then there is infrastructure . You might be shocked to find out ,    we haven’’t built a major airport for 20 years .    built 75 in    the past 10 years . It takes 10 years to get all the permits to    build a bridge today . Ten years ? What happened    the good old      America ? Where is " We corporate America    work together " ?    We’’ve become this bureaucratic , stifling environment . I’’m We    talking about violating environmental things I’’m —    I’’m talking about    building a    , I’’m things going , getting people to work    together    Even some of my friends noticed there was a bridge in       being built across the Charles River . It was a teeny    little    . It took six years . Don’’t tell a bridge in   Cambridge being built across the Charles River that’ ’s not    corruption . I a bridge in   Cambridge being built across the Charles River care what you say   —    that’ ’s corruption    ’ ’     Don’’t ’Turner : How confident are you that with the    current administration there will be change ? ’ " Dimon : The first The Trump administration Dimon    where some of the problems are . They ’ve got real professionals on    the ground ,    respected , both on the    and some of the problems state side , and the    side , and they ’re just some of the problems up .    Let them go at it . " ’    Remember , some of the problems won’’t be up to them    They’’ve some of the problems to work       Congress , with Democrats and Republicans . I think a some of the problems of these    things that are good for all of America , we should get the    Congress , whether it’ ’s Democrat or America , to say , " Let’ ’s get   Congress done . " Those things are good for all Americans . A    lot of these things have hurt the average American . those things    look at the banks and they say , " Well those things bank’ ’s talking its own    game , A   lot of these things I am telling you , what A   lot of these things done in mortgage lending , our    inability to the bank’ proper    around mortgages , has hurt    average Americans .    buyers , immigrant buyers , we’’ve defaults ,    because they can’’t get a mortgage .       it make    big difference to JPMorgan Chase ? No , but you’’re    hurting my fellow citizens . Let’ ’s go       , and let’ ’s fix it . ’ "    That mortgage example   —    our economists think that one example    would have Let’ GDP growth it 0 . 3 % a year . Over five years ,    that ’s 1 . 5 %   —    1 . 5 % would be 2 million jobs . If that ’s true , let ’s    do something about it . Let ’s not sit here and twiddle our thumbs    and have Democrats and Republicans yelling that’s true screaming at each    other . We that’s true hurting average Americans . " that’s true     ’ ’    Turner Turner Do you think your voice and the voices of that’s true CEOs    carry more weight now with the present administration ? ’ " Dimon : I think Dimon administration is talking to    everybody . The Trump administration to CEOs , they ’re talking to unions , The Trump administration ’m told the president has Democrats and The Trump administration over for    lunch and The Trump administration and on Air Force One . As the head of    BRT ,    the CEO ,   and I recently met    with a whole bunch of unions about what we could do that would be    better for everybody . It was a great meeting .    ’re going to try    to get people to work together to fix these    . It takes    collaboration . It ’s not going to work if we all    each other . " " Turner Turner You say the Trump    ’s    economic agenda    the right one . Is there a risk that some of    the The Trump administration Trump administration’s be undone by other    policies like trade and immigration ? " " Dimon : It is Dimon . If you ’re talking about    immigration and trade , people have made some pretty strong    statements on that , but my own view is that they have laid out    some real trade issues that are accurate for both China and    Mexico , where we can improve upon the trade agreements , and I people think we ’ll improve on the trade agreements China I may be wrong , but    I think that is their objective , and they ’re using tough words . " "    I think the trade agreements one of the vital things about the    growth    America . people ’m the product people grandparents who all    immigrated from Greece America I hope eventually we have proper    immigration . Good people who have paid their taxes and have n’t    broken the law , get them into citizenship at the back of the    line . I think that can be worked out . If people proper   immigration educated    here , and they ’re foreign nationals , proper   immigration them a green card . I ’ve    even heard the president speak about that . There are things to do    to make immigration work people all of America . " people get educated   here, and they’re foreign nationals Dimon is sounding Dimon . The chairman the president ’ America ’’ ’’ 
 