  ( CNN ) Once upon a time , America ’s new presidents enjoyed a honeymoon upon taking office     think Eisenhower , Kennedy , Reagan and Obama .   But after a wide ranging and often combative press conference Wednesday , it is obvious that the opening weeks of Trump will be the stormiest of modern times .      Trump had good reason to be angry coming into the press arena .   Over the past 24 hours , salacious , damning memos written by a former officer of the British MI 6 have flooded the Internet .    The 35 pages published by BuzzFeed are full of unverified allegations that the Russians have compromising information about Trump and that Trump advisers have Trump in cahoots with Putin ’s men .   Trump was right Trump complain bitterly . But , as he so often Trump , he started shooting Trump at the wrong targets .   Once again , he attacked the Trump community     this time for leaking the memos to the press .    How can he say for Trump the Intel folks leaked the memos ? the memos memos have been the memos over Washington for days if not weeks . Eight members of Congress got them in recent days , Eight members of Congress example .    As he answered reporters’ Trump at the news conference , Trump needlessly escalated his war against US intelligence Trump widening a dangerous rift with the very men and women whose reports will be vital to his     decision making . Trump Trump was also far off Trump in his rampage against CNN , Trump it a fake news organization Trump insulting its top people .   Trump BuzzFeed , which published the memos themselves , CNN purposely did not . CNN Instead , it broke an important and Trump news story     that four of America ’s top intelligence chiefs last week informed President Obama , Trump and congressional leaders that the memos were in wide the memos themselves   As one of CNN ’s reporters on the CNN , Carl Bernstein , has pointed out on CNN , Intel officials do CNN bring garbage to a president they only bring what causes them Intel officials concern .   Anyone Intel officials thinks that is n’t real news does not understand the role of a free press . There were other elements of the news conference that will spark more controversy in the days ahead .   As impressive as Trump ’s lawyer , Sherri Dillon , was in defending Trump ’s efforts to avoid conflicts Trump’s with his businesses , for example , big debates are still ahead .    But what is now clear is that for all his strengths , Trump is bringing to    White Trump one of the most combative , intemperate personalities we have ever known . The press conference shows he ai n’t changing .  
 his 