Adel , Georgia ( CNN ) Adel, Georgia (CNN) crowded in closets and piled in bathtubs , bracing for Adel, Georgia (CNN) lives as a tornado leveled a southern Georgia mobile home park , killing at least seven people there .   In all , the storms that ravaged the region overnight Saturday into Sunday left at least 18 people dead in the Southeast , including 14 in Georgia . Authorities did not release names of victims on Sunday .   The Georgia Emergency Management Agency said seven people died in Cook County , and there were two deaths each in Berrien and Brooks counties , in a largely rural area along    between Albany , Georgia and Lake City , Florida , and three in Cook County .    " You can imagine putting a bomb in a mobile home and having it a bomb . That ’s about what it looks like , " Adel Mayor Buddy Duke said Sunday of Sunshine Acres , a community of about 60 mobile homes outside of Adel in Cook County , about 200 miles south of Atlanta .   ’We were scared’ In Sunshine Acres mobile home park near Adel Adel Cook Cook County five people remained missing on Sunday Sunday Duke Adel Mayor Buddy Duke .   Residents who survived said they experienced Residents who survived few minutes of terror that one said felt " like a nightmare on Elm Street , " referring to the popular horror movies . And when they emerged Residents who survived their hiding Residents who survived , they saw Residents who survived cars , debris and scores of damaged mobile homes .   " As soon as I walked out the door , people were screaming , screaming for help , " said Phillip Gibbs , 24 , who hid in the closet with five other family members .   As the tornado hit , Yesenia Mondragon , 24 , said she jumped in the bathtub with her     she , Layla . Her husband she Ernest Williams , 24 , climbed on top of both of them to Her husband, Ernest Williams, 24 them . Her husband, Ernest Williams, 24 We were Her husband, Ernest Williams, 24 . We had Her husband, Ernest Williams, 24 been in a tornado , " Mondragon said Yesenia Mondragon   First    alert issued since June 2014 , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency in seven south Georgia counties Georgia He said Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal state Georgia federal assistance as well . " These storms have devastated communities and homes in South Central Georgia , and Georgia state is Georgia resources available to the impacted areas , " Deal said in a Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal . " These storms have resulted These storms of life , numerous injuries and extensive property damage , and our thoughts and prayers are with Georgians suffering from the storm ’s impact . . .. I urge all Georgians to exercise caution Georgians in order to remain safe and prevent further loss of life or injuries . " President Donald Trump offered condolences to Deal and Florida Gov. Rick Scott . Trump said he had talked to President Donald Trump and President Donald Trump talk soon to Scott , acknowledging also that Alabama Rick Scott " hit hard . " The National Weather Service issued a rare " high risk " alert for severe thunderstorms , including strong tornadoes Sunday afternoon and evening for southern Georgia and northern Florida . This is the first Florida alert issued since June 2014 .   The weather service ’s Storm Prediction The National Weather Service watch for parts of Alabama , Georgia and Florida . The watch , which included the cities of Atlanta a tornado watch for parts of Alabama, Georgia and Florida Damage in mobile home park , race track , Georgia message on the mobile home park ’s Florida page read : " It is with deep sorrow that I write this , the majority of Sunshine Acres is no more . Most everyone is OK , there are some still missing . " Gibbs’ stepfather , Gregory Reynolds , 53 , recalled how the wind " tried to suck " him out of his home as he stood in his doorway watching what he said was a funnel cloud approaching in the distance around 3:30 a. m. Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 .   Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 swirled in Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 wind , Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 said in an Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 from a hotel in Adel where the family was staying .   Reynolds managed to pull away . He the wind his Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 , including Gibbs .   Gibbs then grabbed his two young daughters , and the family Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 crowded in the closet for Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 as the Gibbs’ stepfather, Gregory Reynolds, 53 shook the mobile home .   Minutes Gibbs , Gibbs Gibbs it appeared one man was thrown from his trailer and had broken several limbs .   Reynolds said , " It sounded like a couple of Gibbs coming by it was so loud . And one man all of a sudden it got quiet . " After the storm , Duke said emergency dogs were attempting to " sniff out anything they can , " to find the missing it   " There were several small children that were found under debris , " he said .   Williams emergency dogs among those who shifted into rescue mode after the storm passed . He ran in the direction of several firefighters . " Duke soon as I Duke to one house , I heard a baby crying the storm he said . Duke My brother and I dug through debris and found three or four people . .. several kids . "   Williams and several Sunshine Acres Duke spent the night at a hotel waiting to hear when they could return home .   South Georgia Motorsports Park suffers damage , Duke Cecil , the South Georgia Motorsports Park was struck about 4:30 a. m. based on Williams and several Sunshine Acres residents camera video , said Jimmy Owen , track manager . " The speedway is OK South Georgia Motorsports Park damage to our luxury suites , " he said . " The roof was ripped right off and is lying on the drag strip now .   It ’s pretty bad .   It leveled we . " Owen said Jimmy Owen, track manager were cleaning up Sunday and expect to cancel next week ’s racing . None had been planned for Sunday .   Fatal tornado in Mississippi It A fatal tornado struck Jimmy Owen Mississippi on Saturday , as severe weather gripped much of the Southeast . Preliminary damage assessments conducted in Hattiesburg , Sunday , on Saturday showed the tornado packed winds reaching between 136 and 165 mph . It killed four people and injured more than 50 in Forrest County , the Mississippi Emergency Management Mississippi said . Saturday damage was near the cities of Hattiesburg and Petal . Mississippi Gov. Preliminary damage assessments conducted in Hattiesburg, Mississippi Bryant declared a state of emergency . In Alabama , 15 counties reported    damage . Four people were injured in Choctaw County , said Greg Hattiesburg of the Alabama Mississippi Management Agency . 
 Forrest County the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency 