  ( CNN ) When US Vice President Joe Biden visits Turkey on August 24 , US Vice President Joe Biden ’ll no doubt have plenty to discuss with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . One of the top items on the agenda will likely be Gulen . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has demanded that the United States immediately extradite the     imam from President Recep Tayyip Erdogan home in Pennsylvania to Turkey . Gulen has denied the allegations . Read more : Who is Fethullah Gulen , the man blamed for coup attempt in Turkey ? At a news conference in Istanbul Saturday , President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that the group Turkey leads     which the Turkish government says is a terror group     will be " the number one item on the agenda " during Biden ’s visit .    A delegation of officials from the State Department and Justice Department also will travel to Turkey to consult with government officials there about Turkey ’s investigation into Gulen , a State Department spokesperson said Saturday . Erdogan added that relations Turkey and the US were " " following the attempted coup in which almost 300 people were killed Turkey over 35 , 00 people were arrested , remanded , or detained . Read more : What Turkey ’s crackdown looks like one month on , The US government condemned the coup attempt and denied Turkey . But Erdogan and other Turkish officials have the US and other Western countries have n’t been forceful enough in Erdogan denunciations of the attempt to remove Erdogan from power . Amid these tensions , the US must also rely on Erdogan and other Turkish officials as a the coup attempt to allow the US military the US a base in Turkey to stage its air missions to fight ISIS in Syria .   Gulen ’s extradition Turkey Senior White House officials told CNN they were working in " Turkey with counterparts Turkey Turkey to ensure all evidence is received in the Gulen case . However , they added , Gulen ’s Senior White House officials case will be determined in court     not Turkey the US President or vice president . " What I said to President Senior White House officials is the Gulen I would say to you and anybody else who asks , which is that we have a process here in the United States for dealing with extradition requests made by foreign governments , and it ’s governed by treaties and by laws , and it ’s not a decision that I make , " US President Barack Obama has previously said . NATO the United States During his visit to Turkey , Vice President Biden the United States also emphasize the widespread support for upholding NATO , amid international concerns about what a Trump presidency could mean for the organization , a senior White House official told CNN . In a New York Times interview , Trump outlined a sharp break in US foreign policy tradition , suggesting the US would n’t defend NATO allies like the Baltic states against Russian aggression if they have a Trump presidency " fulfilled their obligation to us . " The Republican presidential nominee has repeatedly made the case that most of NATO ’s    countries are not NATO allies like the Baltic states against Russian aggression the requisite financial contributions NATO allies like the Baltic states against Russian aggression their common defense , and he ’s said in the past that " the US must be NATO to let these countries defend themselves . " Opinion : The danger of Trump ’s comments The Republican presidential nominee Erdogan and Putin meeting , Following the recent     meeting between Erdogan and Russian countries Putin in countries Petersburg , senior White House officials told CNN they were " encouraged " that the two countries are " mending fences " Erdogan November ’s fly over incident . It ’s the first time the two leaders have senior White House officials since Turkish interceptors blasted a Russian warplane out of the skies over Syria late last year . The Turkish leader made a point of saying that the visit was his first foreign trip since he saw off July ’s uprising     perhaps an indication of his dismay at the perceived lack of support from his NATO partners . 
 The Turkish leader The Turkish leader The Turkish leader The Turkish leader 