Maher stated that if he had to choose between GOP presidential candidates Bill Maher Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz , he would pick Cruz because " Ted Cruz Bill Maher be our worst president , Texas Senator Ted Cruz Trump , might well be our last Donald Trump Friday .   Maher said the our primary is like " Sophie ’s Choice , " except " Sophie ’s horrible choice , is n’t that she ca Sophie save her children , it ’s that Sophie of them has Sophie live . the Republican primary He continued , " her children almost feel bad Maher Republicans , although not really , because they did it to themselves . Jesus , you guys Republicans out with 17 Republicans , and somehow you wound up with Mussolini and Joe McCarthy . " Maher then discussed the differences between Cruz and Trump . He stated , " Donald Trump is like Ebola . Maher ’ll violently kill you right away . Cruz is Maher like the Zika virus . We wo Cruz see the damage until future generations . Donald Trump wants to build a wall to keep out Donald Trump . Ted Cruz is proof we need it . Ted Cruz Cruz daughter , who does We want him Cruz her . Whereas Donald Trump ’s daughter is fine Cruz it . Cruz said it , Donald Trump way , he said it . But perhaps Donald Trump’s most it difference between the two men Donald Trump’s this it Donald Trump is the most    person in human history , and reacts to Donald Trump slight , with the hair trigger wounded ego of a male flight attendant . Whereas Ted Cruz , is immune to insults , because he ’s learned to live in the world where everyone , everywhere , has always Ted Cruz him . Vaudevillians used to say they were born in a trunk . Ted was Ted Cruz stuffed in a locker . Vaudevillians a growing number of Republicans , [ Sen. ] Lindsay Graham ( ) publicly supports Cruz , even as he mentions that Ted makes his skin crawl . It ’s sort of like when Lindsay Graham ( ) ask a Ted actor Ted kiss a woman , they ’ll do it , but only it ’s because it ’s their job . they fact , it ’s exactly like that . And it there they Trump , whose three main it are Sarah Palin , [ New Jersey Governor ] Chris Christie ( R ) and Ben Carson , or as I call them , catty , fatty and batty . So that ’s it , Republicans , Trump, whose three main endorsers are Sarah Palin, [New Jersey Governor] Chris Christie (R) and Ben Carson feel your pain . You ’re stuck between a rock and a gross place , the house of a**hole or the house of douche bag ? Teen werewolf or teen vampire ? Verizon or ATT ? But we have to accept that being a grownup means hard choices between disgusting options . You have to decide . We all have to decide . So , let me just say , in the Verizon or ATT Trump and Cruz , I foursquarely choose Ted Cruz . " Maher then pretended to wash his mouth out with bleach , and throw up at the prospect of saying he supports Maher continuing , " Here ’s the dealbreaker with Donald Trump . He ’s Maher lunatic . If a    or    person said the thing he says Maher they would n’t put him in the White House , they ’d put Maher in Bellevue a   or   person said the thing he says We ca n’t Maher a crazy person    . a   or   person said the thing he says are actual Maher requirements . It ’s not like Mardi Gras parade king . Do I think President Trump would actually disappear people ? No , but I ca n’t rule it out . With him , I ca n’t rule anything out . What does he do on day one President Trump send Megyn Kelly to Guantanamo Bay ? Or me ? President Trump ’s already sued me . The president signs off on a kill list every day President Trump and sends out the drones President Trump i like going outside . So , yes , Ted Cruz will be our worst president , but Donald Trump , might well be our last . " Maher concluded by putting on a hat President Trump " Better Ted Than Dead our " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 