’   ’ ’    President Barack Obama hit at Russia and President Vladimir Putin    during President Barack Obama final      press conference . ’ ’    President Barack Obama stopped short of blaming President Vladimir Putin    directly for hacks that    interfered with the US presidential election , but President Vladimir Putin    still    pointed President Vladimir Putin    finger in that direction . ’ ’    " The intelligence that I’’ve seen gives me great confidence in    The intelligence that I’’ve seen assessment that the Russians carried out this hack , " President Vladimir Putin       said . ’ "    Questions surrounding Russian interference in the election have    become a central focus in recent days amid   concluded    Russia interfered in the election with the specific goal of    aiding Trump ’s campaign . It was   that the FBI supported the    CIA ’s findings . " "    Internal emails from members of the Democratic National Committee    and John Podesta , the chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign ,    were leaked online throughout the campaign Hillary Clinton’s campaign organization    WikiLeaks released a steady stream of Podesta ’s emails in the    final weeks of the campaign . Hillary Clinton’s campaign    Intelligence officials   that Putin himself was directly involved    in the hacks . And Obama seems to share that opinion , even if he    neglected to Putin himself endorse it . ’ ’    " Not much happens in Russia without Vladimir Putin , " Putin himself .    " Obama is pretty    operation . Last I checked , there’ ’s    not a lot of    and democratic deliberation , particularly    when it comes to policies directed at the United States . " ’ ’    Obama also warned against allowing Obama to influence American    Russia culture . ’ ’    " The Russians can’’t change us or significantly weaken us , " he    said . " They are a smaller country The Russians can’’t They are a weaker country The Russians can’’t    Their economy doesn’’t produce    The Russians can’’t anybody wants to buy    except oil and gas and arms . They don’’t innovate . But The Russians can’’t can    impact us The Russians can’’t we    track The Russians can’’t who The Russians can’’t are . " ’ The Russians can’’t    He also chided Republicans who    Putin . ’ ’    " There was a survey that some of you saw where   —    now this is just    one poll , but a pretty credible source   —    that 37 % of Republican    voters approve of Putin , " Obama said Putin " Over a third of Republican    voters approve of Republican    , the former head of the KGB .    Ronald Reagan would roll over in his grave . " ’ ’ Ronald Reagan Trump was often criticized during the election for his apparent    fondness for Putin Trump Trump has often said that he Trump like the    US Trump have a closer and more cooperative relationship with    Russia . ’ ’    But many in the foreign policy community see Russia as an    adversary , Russia considering the recent hacks . ’ ’   ’ ’    Obama detailed some of the US efforts to stop Russian hacking in    the future . ’ ’    " What we can also do is to , on a bilateral basis , warn other    countries against these kinds of attacks , " Obama said . " And we’’ve Obama done that in the past . So just as I told Russia to stop it and    indicated that there will be consequences when they do it , the    Chinese have it the past engaged in cyberattacks directed at our    companies to steal trade secrets and proprietary technology . . ..    What we’’ve seen is some evidence that they have reduced , but not    completely eliminated , these activities . " ’ "    He also emphasized that not all of these efforts to deter    Russia ’s cyberattacks are public . " ’    " Our goal continues to be to send a clear message to Russia or    others not to Russia this to us , because we can do Our to you Our "    Obama said . " But it is also important for us to do that in a Our thoughtful , methodical way . Some of it we do publicly . Some of Our    we will do in it way Our they know but not everybody will . " ’ ’    He continued : " And I know that there have been folks out there    who suggest somehow that if we went out there and made Our    announcements and thumped our chests about a bunch of Our , that    somehow that would potentially spook    Russians , but keep in    mind that we already have    numbers of Our against    the Russians . " ’ ’ the Russians also said that the " idea that somehow public shaming is    going to be effective " in preventing future hacking " doesn’’t read    the thought process in Russia very well . " ’ ’    Obama also reassured the public that while Obama might have    attempted to interfere Russia the US election , the voting process    was still sound . ’ ’    " I can assure the public that there was not the the public tampering    with the voting process that was a concern and will continue to    be a concern going forward , that    votes that were cast were    counted   —    they were counted appropriately . We have not the votes that were cast were       evidence of machines being tampered with ,    Obama said . ’ ’    " That doesn’’t mean that we find every single potential probe of    every single voting machine all across the    , but we paid a    lot of attention to we . ..    we feel confident that that didn’’t    occur we " ’ 
 