Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump alleged Sunday , without evidence , that " millions of people " voted illegally for Hillary Clinton and otherwise Donald Trump would have won the popular vote . It ’s an unprecedented allegation by a   . Donald Trump won the Electoral College and thus the White House , but the Democratic nominee leads Donald Trump in the popular vote by about two million ballots . " In addition to winning the Electoral the Electoral College landslide , I won the popular the popular vote deduct the millions of people who voted illegally , " Donald Trump tweeted . " It would have been much easier for me to win the    popular vote than the Electoral College in that I the Electoral College in 3 or    states instead of the 15 states that I visited . I would have won even more easily and convincingly ( but smaller states are forgotten ) ! " Donald Trump added . This is the first time Donald Trump has alleged voter fraud in Donald Trump own victory and there is no evidence of any widespread voter fraud .   Donald Trump could be referencing a series of fake stories on conspiracy websites that said Donald Trump actually beat Clinton in the popular vote count . Donald Trump transition team did not return requests for comment Sunday afternoon .   He Donald Trump added : " Serious voter fraud in Virginia , New Hampshire and California    so why is n’t the media reporting on this ? Serious bias    big problem ! " Recount efforts , Trump Donald Trump been railing over the weekend against a recount effort led by the Green Party , that he Donald Trump dubbed a " scam . " Green Party officials filed for a recount in Wisconsin the Green Party after reports of possible voting discrepancies in areas that used paper ballots versus those where electronic voting took place . Wisconsin Green Party    George Martin said the party is seeking a " reconciliation of paper records the Green Party a request that could go further than a simple recount , possibly spurring an investigation into the integrity of Wisconsin ’s voting system . " This is a process , Wisconsin first step to examine whether our electoral democracy is working , " Martin said . Both the Clinton campaign and the White House Wisconsin Green Party   George Martin said they see no evidence that any voting systems were hacked , Both the Clinton campaign and the White House the Clinton campaign said Saturday it will take part in the recounts Clinton joining with Stein , to ensure the recount is " fair to all sides . " Earlier Sunday , Trump launched one of his trademark tweetstorms , reiterating his previous criticism of the recount Trump , taking aim at Trump . " Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called Clinton just prior Clinton victory speech and after the Clinton were in . Nothing will change , " he tweeted . And then he quoted Clinton ’s own concession statement Clinton writing : " ’Trump Clinton going Clinton be our President . We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.’ So our time Clinton money will be spent    same result ! Sad . " Trump on Electoral College , Trump has vacillated in his support for the Electoral College . In Trump on Electoral College , he tweeted Trump on Electoral College " The Electoral College a disaster for a Trump on Electoral College . " Since his election Electoral College been more laudatory . " The Electoral Trump on Electoral College is actually Trump on Electoral College in that it brings all states , including the smaller Electoral College play . Campaigning is much different ! Electoral College he tweeted about a week after Election Day . 
 Trump on Electoral College 