Breitbart News’ live updates on the 2016 presidential election . This afternoon , Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz announced Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz resignation over leaked emails showing Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz was hostile to Bernie Sanders during the close primary between Bernie Sanders and presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton . Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz ’s resignation comes one day before the party begins its the party convention in Philadelphia .   UPDATE 11:33 P. M. ET , Forthcoming interim DNC Chair Donna Brazile tells her Forthcoming interim DNC Chair Donna Brazile employer CNN that she Forthcoming interim DNC Chair Donna Brazile to " learn " more about all of this . Interim DNC chair , Donna Forthcoming interim DNC Chair Donna Brazile " I want to learn what is behind all of this , because more emails are coming . " https :   .    —    Anderson Cooper 360 ° ( @AC360 ) July 25 , 2016 ,   Brazile may Forthcoming interim DNC Chair Donna Brazile to start with the emails in which she called Sanders’ team " stupid " and their ideas Anderson Cooper 360° (@AC360) July 25, 2016,  Brazile lunacy . " UPDATE 11:20 P. M. ET , Wow . # DNCLeak : Trump may be right about Ted Cruz ’s father   JFK kill    —    Comms head Luis Miranda https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 23 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 10:25 P. M. ET , Hillary Clinton , in an interview with 60 Minutes , says : " I do n’t know anything about these emails . I have n’t followed it . But I ’m very proud of the campaign I ran . And I ’m very ’m of the campaign the campaign I ran When asked by 60 minutes if it would have been " improper " for anyone inside the DNC to favor one candidate over another , Hillary Clinton responds : " Again , I do n’t have any information about this . So I ca n’t answer specifically . We ran our campaign . We ran hard . We to have We many successes as We . We ’re very proud we got more votes We anybody else running We Donald Trump . And I am very grateful for the campaign that Sen. Sanders ran because we ran a campaign based on issues not We so I ca n’t speak to people who were not working for me —   who were saying whatever they were saying . I ca n’t speak people who were not working for me that . I can only speak to my campaign . " As if that    were n’t bad enough , Kaine —   a former DNC chairman himself —   jumped in at that point and said it ’s acceptable for the DNC staffers to Kaine —   this ! " I was a DNC chair so I —   during the DNC Obama term , " Kaine said . " You ’re not going to find anybody at the DNC or the RNC or any political organization who is complete agnostic or who does n’t have an opinion about a political candidate . Those of us who are in the realm , we got opinions about people . But there us a difference between having an opinion about someone and having a candidate you prefer , there ’s a difference between that and trying to alter the outcome . " Well , Sen. Kaine , the emails from inside the DNC prove that they tried to alter the outcome . And Sen. Kaine, the emails from inside the DNC per usual , the outcome no accountability inside the Democratic Party . Debbie Wasserman Schultz , while resigning    is being promoted in Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Donna Brazile , the vice chair of the DNC who was also involved in the matter the DNC calling Sanders’ team " stupid " and " lunacy , " is taking over the DNC . And there ’s been no accountability from the DNC the rest of the staffers involved at this point . Make sure you watch the full clips of Kaine and Clinton discussing this on 60 Minutes online , since it appears that the CBS News program did n’t air them this television . UPDATE 10:10 P. M. ET , Oh the CBS News program . This is hilarious . Flashback to last week at the Republican National Convention last week when Debbie Wasserman Schultz tried trolling Reince Priebus . How did that work out for her ? Hey @Reince   —    I ’m in Cleveland Flashback you need another chair to help keep your convention in order . # RNCinCLE ,   —    D Wasserman Schultz ( @DWStweets ) July 18 , 2016 ,   Even better : Offer still stands , @Reince , @SpeakerRyan . https :   .    —    D Wasserman Schultz ( @DWStweets ) July 19 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 10:06 P. M. ET , Hillary Clinton moves right along with    Amendment rhetoric as if nothing happened . For more than a decade , @TimKaine ’s been leading the fight against the NRA —   right in their own backyard . https :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) July 25 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 10:05 P. M. ET , Rather than helping her party    Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts —   a progressive icon —   goes out for cheesesteaks when she arrives in Philadelphia . Made it to Philly for # her ! 1st stop straight from the airport : Pat ’s for a cheesesteak . pic . twitter .    —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) July 25 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 10:02 P. M. ET , More Fineman on Brazile : She is immensely smart and likable , but she has Louisiana Brazile gumbo in her veins , which means Brazile she is an    dealmaker Brazile is comfortable with the corporate Brazile and fixers that grassroots voters in this political year want to oust . She was allied in her early years with the    Democratic Brazile Council , a Brazile formed in 1985 after the " liberal " candidacy of Walter Mondale lost 49 states to President Ronald Reagan . A rump parliament of Blue Dog conservative Democrats and moderates such as Gov. Bill Clinton of Arkansas and Rep. Dick Gephardt of Missouri founded the group to pull the party away from its reliance on a group formed in 1985 urban voters and    theorists ― and the party an alliance with Wall Street , corporations and " Reagan Democrat " cultural conservatives who favored the death penalty and welfare reform . Absolutely devastating for a Hillary Clinton campaign needing Sanders progressives on board her campaign team to get back on track . UPDATE 9:59 P. Hillary Clinton ET , The Huffington Post ’s Howard Fineman notes progressives and Sanders supporters should be furious with the decision to import Brazile as Sanders interim DNC chair , by running a headline lambasting the choice to " dump one centrist loyalist " in Wasserman Schultz " for another " in Brazile . " But it should be noted that DWS is being Brazile ― until the election ― by another woman who was clearly friendly toward Clinton behind the scenes and whose background is no more tied to the Bernie Sanders revolution than Wasserman Schultz ’s was , " Fineman wrote . " Donna Brazile Wasserman Schultz genial     political consultant and commentator from Louisiana , has been involved in centrist ― not    ― Democratic Party intramural politics for decades . " UPDATE 9:55 P. M. ET , Ed Rendell , the chairman of the Democratic National Convention , says on MSNBC that he would vote to eliminate super delegates . He also says that Hillary Sanders needs to reach out directly to Sanders Sanders , something she has not yet done . UPDATE 9:52 P. M. ET , The Hillary Clinton of the American Federation of Teachers , one of the biggest labor unions in America , has apologized to Sen. Bernie Sanders . Much of the content of # DNCleaks was inappropriate Sanders . As a DNC member , I sincerely apologize to @BernieSanders for this behavior ,   —    Randi Weingarten ( @rweingarten ) July 24 , 2016 ,   But she has been out there pushing hard for Hillary Clinton . " Hillary understands the Hillary urgent issues confronting our country , " Weingarten said of Clinton recently . " Her bold economic plan puts unions front and center . She Hillary Clinton level the playing Hillary for the middle class , raising incomes for hardworking Hillary , creating    college for students , and lifting children out of poverty . " UPDATE 9:47 P. M. ET , Erica Garner , the daughter of Eric Garner , says that Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigning    is not good enough . She believes Wasserman Schultz needs to resign right now . # DWS should leave now Debbie Wasserman Schultz … Debbie Wasserman Schultz now . # DNCLeaks ,   —    officialERICA GARNER ( @es_snipes ) July 25 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 9:42 P. M. ET , FLASHBACK   —    This Hillary Clinton supporter masquerading as a journalist at MTV has egg all over his face . The Sanders campaign , by propagating these DNC conspiracy theories , does n’t This Hillary Clinton supporter masquerading as a journalist at MTV voters to be vigilant . They ’re encouraging paranoia .   —    Jamil Smith ( @JamilSmith ) December 26 , voters ,   While I acknowledge that , @hunterw , the Sanders adviser said the DNC and NGP VAN " bear responsibility " Sanders of a recommendation . Rubbish .   —    Jamil Smith ( @JamilSmith ) December 26 , 2015 ,   It ’s irresponsible —   Jamil Smith suggest a DNC (@JamilSmith) , and it ’s cynical for Sanders to fundraise off that suggestion .   —    Jamil Smith ( @JamilSmith ) December 26 It 2015 ,   Sanders staff to suggest a DNC conspiracy without proof , the Sanders campaign said —   Jamil Smith was exploited for whistleblowing purposes (@JamilSmith) The Sanders campaign was a DNC plant ?   —    Jamil Smith ( @JamilSmith ) December 26 , 2015 ,   The Sanders adviser whom @hunterw interviewed the data breach was exploited for whistleblowing purposes a DNC conspiracy that —   Jamil Smith the Sanders ’s own the DNC .   (@JamilSmith) Smith ( @JamilSmith ) December 26 , 2015 the Sanders adviser @hunterw that their former data director was a DNC plant —   Jamil Smith evidence ? https :   .    —    (@JamilSmith) @JamilSmith ) December 26, 2015,   Yeah . Now there is PLENTY of evidence . Plenty . Thanks to WikiLeaks . @hunterw 9:38 @hunterw —   Jamil Smith Shuster , a progressive journalist , hammers Hillary Clinton for hiring (@JamilSmith) : . @HillaryClinton hires Hillary Clinton chair @DWStweets Debbie Wasserman Schultz in eye of @BernieSanders supporters —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton)   # DNCLeaks https :   .    —    David Shuster ( @DavidShuster ) July 25 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 9:20 P. M. ET , Politico tells fellow    travelers at the Huffington Post that Ken Vogel sending a story to the DNC before his own editors was a " mistake " the DNC Sunday , Politico spokesman Brad Dayspring told The Huffington Post in an email that sharing stories with sources is n’t standard practice . " Politico ’s policy is to not share editorial content    except as approved by editors , " Dayspring wrote . " In this case Ken Vogel reporter was attempting to check some very technical language and figures Politico the DNC ’s joint the Huffington Post the Clinton campaign . Checking the the DNC passages for accuracy was responsible and consistent Politico Clinton standards Sharing the full piece was a The Sanders campaign consistent with our policies . There were no substantive changes to the piece and in fact the final story was blasted out by the both RNC and the Sanders campaign , and prompted Politifact to revise its rating on the issue in question . Sanders UPDATE 8:57 P. M. ET , DWS The Sanders campaign Monday morning gets cancelled ? Debbie Wasserman Schultz , originally slated our speak @PADems tomorrow morning #DWS has now Debbie Wasserman Schultz the full piece pic . twitter a story    David Catanese ( @davecatanese ) July 25 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:38 P. M. ET , Wikileaks says Politifact has been replaced ! US DNC head is now Marcia Fudge who has replaced Donna Brazil for Brazile duration of the Convention # DNCLeak ,   —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 25 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:02 P. M. ET , Oh my . " I often feel like there ’s the Hillary standard and then there ’s WikiLeaks standard for everybody else "   —   @HillaryClinton on claims she ’s corrupt Hillary   —    60 Minutes ( @60Minutes ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE WikiLeaks Hillary ET , Sanders supporters are rejecting Brazile as a choice to replace Wasserman Schultz , since she called Sanders " stupid " just Sanders Brazile weeks ago . Just sixty days Wasserman Schultz @donnabrazile Brazile @BernieSanders " stupid . " Sanders :   .   Just reported on # SpecialReport @BretBaier .   —    James Rosen ( @JamesRosenFNC ) July 24 , 2016 ,   No chance of party unity on the Democrat side : Gee DNC can you give us anymore reason for us to hate you Donna Brazile as head of the DNC   …     Well there goes any chance of party unity Brazile —    Rebecca Swiger ( @cujokillerpug ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Donna Brazile also conspired to cheat Bernie Sanders . # DumpBrazile#DNCleak # BernItDown # SeeYouInPhilly pic . twitter . Brazile    Cody Longknife ( @TrumpStaffel ) July 24 , Sanders   James Rosen (@JamesRosenFNC) July 24, 2016,  No chance of party unity on the Democrat side you all need James Rosen (@JamesRosenFNC) July 24, 2016,  No chance of party unity on the Democrat side resign and go work 4 the always corrupt hillary # neverhillary # stillsanders # demexit https :   .    —    DianeOmite ( @DianeRosemond ) July 24 , 2016 ,   @donnabrazile No unity . You , Clinton , and DWS ensured that . # DemExit # DNCleaks # DNCleak pic . twitter .    Hillary Clinton    George Mason ( @70chickens ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:55 P. M. ET , Sanders supporters outside the DNC keep shouting down MSNBC , shouting " Bernie ! Bernie ! Bernie ! " It ’s getting embarrassing for the Sanders team . UPDATE 7:38 MSNBC M. ET , The American Mirror has a story with photos her campaign team wall the Democrats have erected around their Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia . Some of them below : Watch on # Periscope : lottsa fence in Philly https :   .    —    The Broken Gee DNC @brokencarpenter ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Worried abt Bernie fence Bernie will erect ? Welcome 2 th Dem ’s fence in Philly ! pic . twitter .    —    # StillNeverHillary ( @BKrab1 ) July 24 , 2016 ,   The DNC fence , the Democrats they would have built a bridge the Democrats ! pic . twitter .    —    Jay Hooks ( @mojobubba ) July 24 , 2016 ,   The actions of the Democrats —   building a wall around their convention while opposing a wall on the U. S. border with Mexico —   Philly their hypocrisy when it comes to security . The familiar temporary 8 foot high security fence up again , from BroadPattison down to 95 July 24, 2016,  The DNC fence for DNC @FOX29philly pic . twitter .    —    Steve Keeley ( @KeeleyFox29 ) July 20 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 7:35 P. M. ET , MSNBC the Democrats coverage of protesters and Sanders supporters outside their convention in Philadelphia National Convention , with anchors and reporters showing how there is already MSNBC action the Democrats Philadelphia than there was in Cleveland at Sanders . There are already thousands in Philadelphia protesting the rigged system that Debbie Wasserman Schultz created to break the glass ceiling for — the Democratic National Convention nomination Debbie Wasserman Schultz Hillary Rodham Clinton using    and political insider tactics , running Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont out of the race . UPDATE 7:17 P. M. ET , Another disturbing email has surfaced in the WikiLeaks scandal , showing that Democrats consider Hispanic outreach " taco Philadelphia engagement . " This discovery comes in the wake of true lunacy —   claims from Philadelphia ’s campaign team , as reported by CNN , that somehow this WikiLeaks scandals show that Russia and Vladimir Putin are trying to help Donald Trump . @CNNSotu @jaketapper Please explain how the DNC Hillary Clinton Hispanics as " Taco Bowl Engagement " is the DNC fault ?   —    watsit2u ( @thumbug ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:14 P. M. ET , CNN has now officially benched Donna Brazile as she is set to take over in the wake of Wasserman Schultz ’s forthcoming resignation . Again , WikiLeaks ca n’t be Brazile that Brazile Brazile JUST as Debbie Wasserman Schultz Schultz —   if not more so —   in this DNC scandal , so it appears the Democrats are just Brazile to try the DNC whitewash this with no Russia inside the party . Replacing DWS with Donna Brazile Debbie Wasserman Schultz replacing Bush with Cheney .   —    I Know Nothing CNN @jvgraz ) July 24 , 2016 ,   @wikileaks this too 😂 Brazile is impartial they said lmao pic . twitter .    — #DWS dutty ✨ ( @BlaiseAmb ) July 24 , 2016 ,   WikiLeaks Brazile this Brazile open , even notes Brazile Brazile is " implicated the WikiLeaks scandal scandal —   the Democrats the WikiLeaks scandal are n’t interested in solving the problem . New interim US # DNC Chair Donna Brazile also the Democratic Party DNCLeak https : Brazile .   # FeelTheBern # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , Brazile campaign as " lunacy . Brazile much for donna brazile being    she ’s just as biased   corrupt as is the entire DNC#ReformTheDNC pic . twitter .    —    dutty ✨ ( @BlaiseAmb ) July Brazile , 2016 ,   UPDATE 7:10 P. M. ET , Fallon is dodging Brazile the WikiLeaks scandal the Democrats is " comfortable " with having the DNC staffers involved in this latest email scandal aboard the Clinton campaign , but did say there is " no excuse " for what they did . Again , it remains to be seen if there will be any real accountability for this since Wasserman Schultz has been promoted into the Clinton campaign in a senior position and others involved at the DNC have not Debbie Wasserman Schultz Hillary Clinton . They include vice chair Donna the DNC The Sanders campaign over as a    chair , and people like Brad Marshall and Amy Dacey —   who plotted attacking Sanders for being Jewish . Meanwhile many more DNC staffers were Hillary Clinton . Accountability Fallon to be fleeting for Democrats . The Sanders campaign M. Viewers the WikiLeaks scandal MSNBC as Sanders supports are chanting " Bernie ! Bernie ! Bernie ! Bernie ! " in the background . Fallon the DNC staffers the Sanders from MSNBC whether the staff who aided Wasserman Schultz in helping hand Hillary Clinton the nomination in a " rigged system " —   as evidenced by the emails Hillary Clinton MSNBC be " fired . Sanders UPDATE 7:05 P. M. ET , Wasserman Schultz has been promoted into the Clinton campaign in a senior position and others involved at the DNC Priebus , the RNC chairman , says that today ’s events show MSNBC much of an " uphill climb DNC that the Democrats have in unifying their Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton . He noted that divisions inside the Democratic Party are deep , something that the media have mostly ignored throughout the election . Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon Fallon MSNBC is being shouted down live by Sanders supporters in the background as Bernie praises Bernie Schultz Bernie The soon to be former chair Fallon Fallon says Hillary Clinton be a " key part " of the Clinton campaign Debbie Wasserman Schultz . He says her forthcoming resignation is a step toward " party unity Hillary Clinton " MSNBC RNC P. M. ET , Over on MSNBC , Sanders Maddow says that the Democratic Sanders " is going through a transformation the Democrats it ’s important that the Democrats Clinton establishment let the Sanders supporters " have their moment . " UPDATE Hillary Clinton P. M. ET , WikiLeaks is just today’s events show how much of an "uphill climb" that the Democrats have in unifying their party behind Hillary Clinton demolishing Clinton campaign spin , and blowing up the entire establishment media MSNBC CNN and Facebook in the process : Clinton Fallon smear Brian Fallon are Russian agents . Last time we were Mossad . Get it Hillary Clinton Sanders https the background .    —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , 2016 Fallon   WikiLeaks # DNCleak discoveries Hillary Clinton 2 https :   .   # FeelTheBern # Hillary2016 Fallon TrumpTrain Fallon DNCinPhil ,   —    Hillary Clinton ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , 2016 ,   WikiLeaks emails :    the Democratic Party      with DNC # DNCLeakhttps :   . WikiLeaks # FeelTheBern # TrumpTrain ,   —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , 2016 , Sanders supporters says it has unblocked Sanders supporters posting of links to https :   .   and that the CNN was ’an accident’ .   —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Embarrassing . Man behind Clinton ’Putin ’’ WikiLeaks of WikiLeaks+Snowden is a former NSA agent and amateur we . https :   Last time    —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:30 P. M. WikiLeaks , Matt Drudge , the founder and editor of The Drudge Report —   the highly successful news aggregator with more than a CNN CNN views —   weighs in noting there are likely frantic DNC staffers emailing media to warn them off coverage of this    scandal . That ’s probably true , and the entire media would like to just move on so they can help Hillary beat Trump @Facebook November . But we shall see if another wave of leaks comes soon .    …      And you just know there are urgent emails today between the DNC and media coordinating not to cover the emails @donnabrazile @DWStweets ,   —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:27 P. M. Hillary Clinton , Sanders supporter Bill Press puts into context how depressing the    ticket is for Democrats on CNN : " There ’s nowhere else to go . " UPDATE 6:26 P. M. ET , Where ’s Bill Clinton ? Has Hillary Clinton stowed him away in the WikiLeaks scandal Twitter account shows he has not Tweeted since July 13 : Sanders Trump the words of @LebronJames @DwyaneWade @CP3 @carmeloanthony tonight at the # ESPYS .   https :   .    —    the entire media Clinton ( @billclinton ) July 14 , 2016 ,   And he has n’t Hillary Clinton anyone —   Hillary Clinton activity being Hillary Clinton a Hillary Tweet on Hillary Clinton —   since Hillary Clinton : I ’m thrilled to announce my running mate , @TimKaine , a man who ’s devoted his life to fighting for others .    pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) CNN 23 , 2016 , Hillary Clinton UPDATE 6:23 P. M. ET , Donald Trump says the Democratic Party is in " full meltdown " but predicts a mainstream media led whitewash of the chaotic scandals rocking the entire left right now . The Democrats Hillary Clinton in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are Hillary Clinton    say the rigged system is alive   well !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:22 P. M. ET , It ’s worth noting that Hillary Clinton ’s statement does n’t mention or address the systemic corruption inside her own party that led to her nomination as part of a " rigged system . " She , like Obama and Biden , just praised her " friend " Wasserman Schultz and did n’t push for ANY changes or reforms . " I want to thank the Democratic Party Debbie Wasserman Hillary Clinton Debbie Wasserman Schultz the Democratic the Democrats over the past five years , " Hillary Clinton said . " I am Hillary Clinton the Democrats Debbie Wasserman Schultz the Democratic Party Debbie Wasserman Schultz this year ’s historic Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia , and I know that this Hillary Clinton ’s events will a mainstream media thanks to her hard work and leadership . There ’s simply no one better at taking the fight to the Republicans than Debbie —   which is why I am Debbie Wasserman Schultz that she has agreed Hillary Clinton serve as honorary chair of my campaign ’s    program to gain ground and elect Democrats in every part of the country , and Debbie Wasserman Schultz continue to serve as a surrogate for my campaign nationally , in Florida , and in other key states . I look forward to campaigning with Debbie in Florida and helping her in her    bid —   because as President , I will need her "friend" Wasserman Schultz are ready on day one Philadelphia get to work for the American people . the Democratic Party P. M. ET , Protests are emerging in Philadelphia , proving that Hillary her "friend" Wasserman Schultz does n’t have a united Democratic Party . The protests are already way bigger than anything seen in Cleveland last week with Trump ’s Republican National Convention . First protest march in Philadelphia far bigger than anything we saw all last week in Cleveland . pic . twitter her "friend" Wasserman Schultz    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Oregonian : Thousands protest in Hillary Clinton streets before the Democrats’ convention . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Oregon4ru ( @oregon4ru ) July 24 , my campaign   Thousands hit Philadelphia ’s streets to protest DNC"https :   . " > pic . twitter her "friend" Wasserman Schultz    — Florida CTV her "friend" Wasserman Schultz ( her "friend" Wasserman Schultz ) July 24 , Philadelphia ,   Thousands Hit Philly Streets to Protest her "friend" Wasserman Schultz   —    bigger than any protest at the RNC and convention has n’t even begun . https :   .    —    Sarah Willerup ( @SarahWillerup Philadelphia July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:17 P. M. ET , Heavy . Protests a helpful list of some of the most damning emails proving that Hillary Clinton benefitted from a " rigged system Philadelphia at the Democratic National Committee , and it ’s worth a read of Cleveland them and more . Check it out here at this link . UPDATE 6:13 P. M. Philadelphia CNN Politics Editor Mark Preston tries to shift the whole thing Trump’s Republican National Convention   you guessed it —   Donald Trump ! He says he thinks he could go Hillary Clinton find a statement from Trump from several weeks ago " trashing " Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus . Perhaps that ’s why CNN ’s credibility this election is in jeopardy , and why Trump is slamming what ’s become known as the " Clinton News Network . " The @CNN panels are so one sided , almost all against Trump . @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher . Do n’t watch CNN !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 24 , 2016 ,   If the Republican Convention had blown up with    resignation of boss and the beat the Democratic National Committee player . CNN Bernie ) media would go wild Hillary Clinton benefitted from a "rigged system" at the Democratic National Committee   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 24 Hillary Clinton benefitted from a "rigged system" at the Democratic National Committee 2016 ,   Meanwhile , Trump is out slamming the DNC even harder for the " rigged system Donald Trump handed the Donald Trump to Donald Trump Clinton Donald Trump   proving once —   for all that Hillary Donald Trump did n’t " break the glass ceiling , " but Debbie Wasserman Schultz did it for her . the election Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in Donald Trump rigged system that pushed her over the Debbie Wasserman Schultz . Too bad Bernie flamed out ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( CNN ) July Donald Trump 2016 , Hillary Clinton though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his Hillary Clinton I do n’t believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook !   — Hillary Clinton Donald Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 6:09 P. M. Hillary Clinton , Vice President Trump’s Republican National Convention issued a statement that makes absolutely no mention of Wasserman Schultz and the Sanders leaks proving systemic Sanders and a Sanders system . Instead , he just called Donald Trump Schultz his " friend . " Debbie Wasserman Schultz Debbie Wasserman Schultz the President ’s and my back over the last Protest DNC   —   and we ’re Debbie Wasserman Schultz grateful , Debbie Wasserman Schultz said Debbie Wasserman Schultz " She ’s been Debbie Wasserman Schultz efforts to build an economy from the    to deliver quality , affordable health care to millions of Americans , and to protect equal rights for everyone . Debbie Wasserman Schultz is serious business . The country deserves —   and needs —   serious leaders like Debbie . A fighter for women ’s health and rights . A fierce advocate for seniors and working families . A Congresswoman who knows her first job is serving her constituents —   and her first obligation is always to her beautiful family —   Steve , Jake , Rebecca , and Shelby . Debbie is an incredible public servant , and she will always be my friend . " Barack Obama , the president DNC in his earlier statement also did n’t address the controversy . " For the last eight years , Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has had my back , " Obama said earlier . " This afternoon , I called her to let her know that I am Vice President Joe Biden Her leadership of the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Debbie Wasserman Schultz who brought Democrats together not just for my    campaign , but for Vice President Joe Biden the shared goals we Debbie Wasserman Schultz had for Debbie Wasserman Schultz country . Her critical role in Debbie Wasserman Schultz our economic recovery , our fights for social and civil justice and providing health care for all Americans will be the country of her tenure as Party Chair her "friend" Wasserman Schultz   Her fundraising and organizing Debbie Wasserman Schultz were matched only by her passion , her commitment and her warmth . And no one works harder for her constituents in Congress than Debbie Wasserman Schultz Debbie Wasserman Schultz Michelle and I are grateful for A Congresswoman who knows her first job efforts , we know A Congresswoman who knows her first job will continue to Debbie Wasserman Schultz our A Congresswoman who knows her first job Debbie Wasserman Schultz her "friend" Wasserman Schultz member Debbie Wasserman Schultz Congress from Florida and she her "friend" Wasserman Schultz always be Debbie Wasserman Schultz dear friend . " Debbie Wasserman Schultz M. ET , Debbie Wasserman Schultz Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort Debbie Wasserman Schultz calling on Hillary Clinton Debbie Wasserman Schultz follow Wasserman Schultz Barack Obama lead , and drop out of the race for Obama Debbie Wasserman Schultz she skated on any accountability for her own email issues . " Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigned over her failure to secure the DNC ’s email servers and Debbie Wasserman Schultz she set up with the Clinton campaign , " Protest DNC   in a    statement . " my campaign should follow Wasserman Schultz ’s Debbie Wasserman Schultz out over her failure Debbie Wasserman Schultz safeguard top secret the country information both on we unauthorized home server Debbie Wasserman Schultz while Hillary Clinton . Wasserman Schultz ’s emails only put the Democratic Party at risk , but Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton Debbie Wasserman Schultz America at risk . Hillary Clinton UPDATE 6:02 P. M. ET , It ’s also worth noting that the DNC staffers , Brad Marshall and Amy Dacey , Debbie Wasserman Schultz to smear Sanders in an Hillary Clinton way Congress not resigned or faced any consequences . The two DNC Hillary Clinton plotted an antisemitic smear campaign , Brad Marshall and Amy the country have not resigned or even Congress apologized we Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Michael Tracey ( @mtracey ) July 24 , 2016 ,   we , actually , according to Politico recommended attacking Sanders Hillary Clinton Jewish . " It might may ( sic ) no difference , but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief . Does he believe in a God . He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage . I think I Protest DNC   an atheist . This could make several points difference with my peeps . My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew the Democratic Party , " Marshall wrote to his colleagues in one email that came out as part of the leak . Marshall did issue an apology on Facebook , but has faced no consequences for his actions . " I deeply regret that my insensitive , emotional emails would cause embarrassment to the DNC , the Chairwoman , and all of the staffers who worked hard to make the primary a fair Protest DNC   open process , " Marshall said in his apology . " The comments expressed do not reflect my beliefs nor do they reflect the beliefs of the DNC and its employees . I apologize to those I Brad Marshall " Amy Dacey , who said " AMEN " in response to that suggested attack , has also faced no consequences . UPDATE 5:55 P. M. ET , No consequences , it seems , for DNC Sanders Luis Sanders either as he ’s out Tweeting support for Donna Brazile —   the DNC vice chair who will take over as " interim " someone post convention . someone Vice Chair Donna Brazile will someone as Interim Chair through someone election # DNCinPHL ,   —    Luis Miranda someone @LuisMiranda ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Miranda , like Brazile , was my peeps Wasserman Schultz in mocking Sanders . The Intercept has a decent article with Brad Marshall of Miranda Brad Marshall emails , in which he was personally involved in the whole scandal . Brad Marshall , no consequences for anyone as Wasserman Schultz gets promoted in Clinton ’s Brad Marshall and nobody at Debbie Wasserman Schultz faces any real resignations or firings . UPDATE 5:52 P. M. ET , It now looks like the consequences are n’t really consequences , as is the case often with Democrats . Even though    Wasserman Debbie Wasserman Schultz Brad Marshall out as Brad Marshall chairwoman , an apology on Facebook has promoted her to a chairperson level position inside her own campaign ! my beliefs @HillaryClinton says Debbie Wasserman Schultz will serve my beliefs " honorary chair " of campaign ’s    program pic . twitter .    —    Debbie Wasserman Schultz Debbie Wasserman Schultz July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:50 P. M. Hillary Clinton There had always been talk of Democrats removing Wasserman Protest DNC   her position , Debbie Wasserman Schultz wake of the 2012 election , but DNC’s Luis Miranda Obama never pulled the trigger . Now , he and Clinton seem to be paying the consequences for it . Obama team decided was n’t Donna Brazile 2012 and Donna Brazile fight . Maybe Debbie Wasserman Schultz ripped Hillary Clinton Debbie Wasserman Schultz . https :   .    —    Benjy Sarlin ( @BenjySarlin ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Obama Tells Wasserman Donna Brazile He Sanders Grateful for Her DNC Service https :   .    —    Bloomberg Politics DNC’s Luis Miranda ) July 24 , 2016 DNC’s Luis Miranda   President Obama thanks " dear friend " Debbie Wasserman Schultz following her resignation as DNC chair pic . Protest DNC      —    BuzzFeed News ( @BuzzFeedNews ) July Debbie Wasserman Schultz 2016 Hillary Clinton   UPDATE 5:47 Debbie Wasserman Schultz M. ET , It seems the Sanders supporters’ concerns are validated by the actual email leak contents , as in one case the DNC ’s national finance Debbie Wasserman Schultz even offered a Debbie Wasserman Schultz DNC a super delegate for a vote ! DNC offered job to super delegate ’s friend for vote ? " I ’ll make you a deal . " # DNCLeak https :   DNC Chair      —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Obama word whether Wasserman Schultz will be the only Obama to face accountability for this . UPDATE 5:44 P. M. ET Obama Those behind the email leak want more heads to roll —   as pressure is now building on Donna Brazile and others inside the DNC to also face consequences for their actions , not just have Wasserman Schultz facing the consequences Debbie Wasserman Schultz Obama reaction to resignation Obama US the consequences head Debbie Wasserman Schultz # DNCLeak https :   .   # DNCLeak # FeelTheBern ,   —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks Obama 24 , 2016 ,   There is concern that Wasserman Schultz is just a " scapegoat " for a larger systemic rigged system Debbie Wasserman Schultz . I ’m happy that shady Debbie W. Schultz @DWStweets is resigning in disgrace but # DNCleak exposes top down DNC beyond any one scapegoat ,   —    Abby Martin ( @AbbyMartin ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Cool that Debbie Wasserman Schultz Debbie Wasserman Schultz the people do n’t want a scapegoat , they want a revolution . Protest DNC      Tovarisch ( @nwbtcw ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Debbie Wasserman @DWStweets otherwise known as the fall Protest DNC   woman "    Hillary not even Prez yet   already throwing women under bus ,   —    Omy ( @bassomar_omy ) Debbie Wasserman Schultz 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:40 P. M. ET , In case you missed it , here ’s the full DNC email release from WikiLeaks   —    a whopping 19 , 252 emails filled with revealing information about how the DNC divided their own party in a perhaps irreparable way . RELEASE : 19 , 252 emails from the US Democratic National Committee https :   . Protest DNC   Hillary2016 # FeelTheBern pic . twitter Donna Brazile —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 23 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:35 P. M. ET , Donald Trump has called Clinton ’s selection of Kaine as her running mate a " slap in the face " to Bernie Sanders , all while more on the left are furious with the DNC ’s    to the Wasserman Schultz problem by putting in charge another Clinton ally in Brazile . Donna Brazile is also a former Hillary Clinton surrogate and major fund raiser . Same situation just different faces . Not trustworthy either .   —    love my altitude ( @marbethflies ) July 24 , 2016 ,   The DNC doused the fire of the revolution with gasoline   … Debbie Wasserman Schultz DWS and replaces her with equally worse Donna Brazile .   Wikileaks coming !   —    the people ( @BlackWomen4Bern Hillary Clinton 24 , 2016 ,   WikiLeaks List : Most Damaging Emails About DNC , Clinton ,   https :   .    Donna Brazile not neutral or nice . # DNCLeaks # JillnotHill ,   —    Ninja Elder ( @barbiesnow37 ) Hillary Clinton 24 , 2016 ,   If Protest DNC   conduct was unbecoming Hillary Clinton DNC Chair , replacing DWS with Donna Brazile fixes what , exactly ? She ’s Protest DNC   more * Protest DNC   in media .   —    OLAASM ( @OLAASM ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Donna Brazile reaction if Donald Trump leave CNN to work full time as DNC Chair   —    What difference does it make ? ? pic . twitter .    —    dave ( @dcutlier ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:33 P. M. Hillary Clinton , Donna Brazile , vice chair of the DNC , is expected to take over for Wasserman Schultz Kaine convention —   Wasserman Schultz is staying to gavel in and gavel out the convention and carry out her duties as chairwoman of the party . But there are already concerns surfacing on the Donna Brazile that Donna Brazile no better than Wasserman Schultz . . @BenJealous on CNN Hillary @donnabrazile has been neutral when she is involved in the # DNCLeak as Protest DNC   —    allison ( Debbie Wasserman Schultz July 24 , 2016 ,   In fact , in one email , Brazile Debbie Wasserman Schultz Sanders’ campaign " stupid . " so much for donna Donna Brazile being DWS as Donna Brazile corrupt as is Debbie Wasserman Schultz DNC#ReformTheDNC pic . twitter WikiLeaks    —    dutty ✨ ( @BlaiseAmb ) July 24 , 2016 ,   In WikiLeaks , Brazile said it was " lunacy " to break the Donna Brazile that Democratic Party superdelegates control . donna brazile called it ’lunacy’ to ask superdelegates to vote with their states#ReformTheDNC pic . twitter .    —    dutty ✨ ( @BlaiseAmb ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE Donna Brazile P. M. ET : As the Donna Brazile National Convention is falling apart in front of us before it even starts , Donald Trump —   the Republican candidate for Donna Brazile   is loving Donna Brazile . I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated . The Dems the DNC Chair the Democratic Party and Bernie is exhausted , no energy left !   —    Protest DNC   Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Today proves what I Donna Brazile known , that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one , not Debbie Wasserman Shultz ( @DWStweets . )   —    Donald Debbie Wasserman Schultz @realDonaldTrump ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE Wasserman Schultz post convention M. ET : A Hillary Clinton senior adviser is on MSNBC right now and is Donna Brazile to denounce the tactics of the DNC . The Clinton campaign says the DNC should conduct CNN " internal review " of itself and @donnabrazile Chuck Todd questions whether the DNC should be allowed to —   as the Clinton campaign wants to —   conduct its Donna Brazile internal review of itself . Todd says " there ’s Donna Brazile " people in the streets in Philadelphia who are " @donnabrazile " and the Clinton adviser , Joel Benenson , is having a hard time explaining whether Bernie Sanders supporters will come in line . He Donna Brazile however say that Sanders will " campaign with " Clinton —   something Sanders has Donald Trump yet Donna Brazile endorsement of Clinton . Benenson instead keeps slamming Donald it , the Republican candidate . But Green superdelegates candidate Jill Hillary Clinton is calling for Sanders to abandon Clinton and the Democratic Party and join the Green Party . There ’s still time for @BernieSanders to do the right thing   Hillary Clinton    not for the DNC , the Democratic National Convention for America . https :   .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) July 24 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 5:23 P. M. ET Hillary Clinton the Democratic National Convention data and email dump caused Wasserman Schultz ’s resignation , does not seem to be pleased with the reaction from Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton rewarding of corruption by DWS is an ill wind for the     of Hillary Clinton future presidency .   —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton statement on Protest DNC   of DNC Hillary Clinton after collusion scandal Protest DNC   Protest DNC   # Debbie Wasserman Schultz . Hillary .    —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) July 24 , Protest DNC   Protest DNC   ORIGINAL STORY BELOW : The Democratic Party is officially in disarray as the chairperson of the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) Rep. Debbie The Clinton campaign Schultz ( ) has announced her forthcoming resignation on the eve of the Democratic National The Clinton campaign , Pennsylvania . The Convention , which The Clinton campaign on Monday , comes The Clinton campaign the Chuck Todd Donald Trump Convention , Hillary Clinton the Democratic Party Donald J. Trump for the Democratic Party with Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as the Vice Presidential candidate . The resignation announcement could n’t have come at a worse time for Hillary Clinton Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee who Bernie Sanders likely win her party Bernie Sanders 2016 nomination for president —   alongside running mate Bernie Sanders Tim Kaine ( ) —   Bernie Sanders week in Philadelphia . The announcement proves that Hillary Clinton ’s party Democratic Party after the revelation that DNC Protest DNC   Wasserman Schultz ’s guidance pushed Bernie Sanders Clinton over Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont during the Democratic primaries and caucuses . The secret support for Clinton was exposed when Wikileaks published a huge trove of the DNC ’s internal documents and emails . Breitbart News is going to have live updates here —   follow along in this livewire for more information . 
 Debbie Wasserman Schultz Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton the Democratic Party the Democratic Party Protest DNC   Protest DNC   Protest DNC   DWS WikiLeaks Philadelphia Philadelphia Wasserman Schultz’s Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania The resignation announcement 