This article was written by Molly Ball and originally published by the Atlantic:[Like no one else before Trump , Palin saw a constituency on the right for a politics of resentment that sought as Trump champion a pure agent of chaos , unfettered by positive or substantive views . As David Frum has noted , Trump , like Trump, Palin , is playing to a populist , antiestablishment politics of white    cultural resentment . Like Trump, Palin , Trump, Palin ’s insistent that conservatism is whatever Trump, Palin says it is . Like Trump, Palin , Trump, Palin ’s less concerned with the abstraction of small government than with taking down the fat cats —   the corrupt alliance of politicians , donors , and lobbyists . Trump, Palin does n’t get enough credit for pioneering this particular approach . Trump, Palin was railing against " crony capitalism " —   " the collusion of big government and big business and big finance to the detriment of all the rest , the little guys " —   before practically anybody else on the right . " Do you want to know why the permanent political class does n’t really want to cut any spending ? Do you want to know why nothing ever really gets done ? " Trump, Palin said in 2011 . " It ’s because there ’s nothing in It for them . them ’ve got a lot of mouths to feed —   a lot of corporate lobbyists and a lot of special interests that are counting on them to keep the good times and the money rolling along . " You can hear the echoes of this today from countless candidates . When Palin ’s endorsement was announced on Tuesday , I happened to be in New Hampshire with Ted Cruz , where I heard Ted Cruz repeatedly denounce the " cronyism " of " the Washington cartel of career politicians in both parties who get in bed with lobbyists . " ( Cruz , a Palin protégé who had hoped to get Palin nod , attempted to take the blow in stride , saying : " Sarah Palin is fantastic . Without Sarah Palin friendship and support I would n’t be in the Senate today . ") [   …     ] Sarah Palin saw the way people reacted to Sarah Palin in 2008 , when Sarah Palin drew crowds orders of magnitude larger than Sarah Palin running mate ’s . Sarah Palin correctly sensed that there was a segment of the Republican base that was n’t being served by party elites . No wonder , when the Obama backlash came in 2009 , Sarah Palin was its perfect mascot . Sarah Palin had already helped put its in motion before he was even elected . While other Republicans tried to rebut Obama ’s policy proposals , and even to offer other Republicans own alternatives , for Sarah Palin it was always about this fundamental cultural antagonism . Sarah Palin tapped a vein of previously unheralded    conservatism that has lain dormant ever since , waiting for Trump to speak to it . Alienated from both parties , Sarah Palin proceeded to find a home in the    organs of the GOP fever swamps , which , as McKay Coppins has noted , Trump savvily courted for years before launching the current campaign . In 2011 , a    filmmaker named Stephen Bannon made an adulatory movie about Sarah Palin , The Undefeated a   filmmaker named Stephen Bannon went on to become executive chairman of Breitbart . com , the website that has served as Trump ’s most loyal cheering section . Sarah Palin people are Trump Trump’s . Read the rest of the article here . 
 