Washington ( CNN ) Americans have not heard the last of Hillary Clinton ’s emails . Republicans pumped FBI Director James Comey Thursday for fresh evidence to prolong the politically damaging saga during a Capitol Hill hearing that ignited partisan anger over FBI Director James Comey decision not to seek charges against the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee . GOP lawmakers vented frustration that Clinton escaped criminal action over Clinton use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state while Democrats blasted the hearing as no more than a    funded   . The      hour hearing , however , appeared to eke out several new seams for Republicans to pursue . House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz said House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz would ask the FBI to probe whether Clinton lied to Congress over Clinton email arrangements . Congress , Comey said , did not investigate Clinton ’s testimony before the House Benghazi panel last year because Congress Congress not asked it Congress . " I think when you come to Congress Congress need to provide truthful testimony and if you do n’t provide truthful testimony there should be a consequence , " Chaffetz told reporters after the hearing . " I thought the FBI was looking at this , but evidently , they the FBI not . They the FBI n’t looking at it the FBI " Comey also testified that while people copied on Clinton emails had security clearances , some contractors who maintained the server and lawyers who examined her Clinton did not . Republicans tried to build an impression that Clinton Clinton misled the American public over her Clinton and use of the private server system     something Republicans hope will highlight questions about her Clinton . South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy asked Comey a series of questions rooted in the Secretary Clinton statements on the issue . " Secretary Clinton said there was nothing marked classified on her Clinton , either sent or received . Was that true ? " Gowdy South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy . " That ’s not true , " Comey Comey . " Secretary Clinton said , ’I Secretary Clinton    any classified material to anyone on my    there is no classified material.’ Was that true ? " Gowdy South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy on . " There was classified material emailed , " Comey Comey . As the politicians played for the cameras , Comey Comey unruffled , vigorously defending the FBI probe and explaining why the presumptive Democratic nominee escaped indictment even though he Comey fired off a withering critique of her Comey of classified information on Tuesday . " I think she Comey extremely careless . I think she Comey negligent     that I could establish , " Comey Comey the House Oversight and Government Reform panel . " What we ca n’t establish is that she Comey with the necessary criminal intent . " While Comey Comey the witness , Clinton was clearly the target of the hearing as Republicans seek to keep the controversy over her Comey setup alive to highlight her Comey glaring vulnerability heading into November ’s election , questions about her Comey and honesty . " There is no consequence , director     there is no consequence , " Chaffetz said , demanding to know why Clinton and her aides do not Clinton to Clinton paying a price over the    controversy . " We are mystified and confused by the fact pattern that you laid out and the conclusions that you reached , " said Chaffetz , adding that " the Chaffetz Joe " would have been led off in handcuffs had they done what Clinton did . Trump meets with Clinton than 200 House Republicans , Comey also testified that there were three emails found on Clinton ’s servers bearing the letter Clinton " which denotes they were classified , in apparent contradiction of the former secretary of state ’s statements . But he said it was not clear whether Comey knew that such a designation denoted Clinton material , saying " the secretary may not have been as the former secretary of state’s people assume " when it comes to such issues . But Comey testified that Clinton did not lie Comey the FBI Clinton their year long probe which culminated with her the FBI with bureau agents on Saturday Clinton explained that the agency did not want to " put the FBI jail unless we can prove they knew they were doing something they should n’t people . people And , following people General Loretta Lynch ’s announcement Wednesday that she would accept the FBI ’s findings and close Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s case , Comey explained the legal distinction that underpinned his decision not to seek charges . " My Comey was and remains that no reasonable prosecutor would bring . .. the second case in 100 years for gross negligence , " Comey said . He explained that under relevant statutes Comey prosecutors would Comey to prove Clinton clearly knew she was breaking the law to win a case Clinton " Should have known , must have known , had to know , does not get you there , " he said . The Clinton campaign argued after the Comey that it had Clinton a mistake for Republicans to put The Clinton campaign , a former prosecutor who served in President George W. Bush ’s Republican administration , on the spot . " If you were a House Republican sitting on the panel today , you probably felt like that hearing backfired , " Clinton campaign spokesman Brian the hearing on CNN ’s " The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , " arguing that the GOP had tried to use the hearing to create a " drip , drip " the hearing that would keep the issue in the news . Fallon also said that all of the lawyers who sorted Clinton Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon emails did in fact have security clearances , contradicting Clinton ’s comments . And asked whether Clinton had lied to Congress , Fallon replied : " Of Clinton not . " Committee Democrats Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon the hearing portraying the whole affair as yet another attempt by Republicans     following the House Select Committee on Benghazi     to use the mechanics of government to wound their presidential nominee . " In their eyes , you had Committee Democrats job     and one job Committee Democrats     to prosecute Hillary Clinton , " the Committee ’s ranking Democrat , Rep. Elijah Cummings , told the House Select Committee But you refused , so now you are being summoned here to answer for your alleged transgressions . " Hours after Comey ’s hearing , the State Department announced it had reopened its probe Comey ’s email use , an investigation that the State Department focus on the State Department current employees involved in handling or sending and receiving Clinton ’s emails should get disciplinary action . The department had suspended its probe Clinton’s was waiting for the Justice Department the State Department its criminal investigation its probe the the State Department unfolded in a the State Department , Republican presumptive presidential the State Department Donald Trump was elsewhere on Capitol Hill , meeting GOP House and Senate lawmakers . Clinton was also in Washington Thursday , huddling with senior advisers at her home just off Embassy Row . Republicans are trying other avenues to keep the email controversy that has Clinton her presidential campaign for months , alive . House Speaker Paul Ryan , for instance , asked the Office Clinton the Director of National Intelligence to block GOP House to classified briefings for Clinton for the rest of the campaign .   Trump , Rubio fundraise off Comey ’s testimony , Trump sent out a fundraising email her presidential campaign hearing , complaining Trump had let Clinton " off the hook . " " We know the FBI refused to hold Lying Crooked Hillary accountable . Clinton together , we can hold her feet to the fire , the FBI the FBI . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio sent out a similar solicitation for his    bid , Hillary that the email saga proved Trump was unfit to serve as President . " If Hillary becomes president , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio will not be the last scandal the American people will endure , " Rubio warned . 
 Hillary Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 