London ( CNN ) An online petition signed by more than 3 . 5 million people calling for a second referendum on whether Britain should leave the EU was started by a Leave campaigner who says the EU has been " hijacked " by unhappy Remain voters . Go here to follow CNN ’s Brexit coverage live . The petition , which has attracted millions of signatures in the wake of Britain shock vote to leave the European Union last Thursday , calls for a second referendum on the issue if the result is less than decisive . Another referendum should be held , it Another referendum , " if the remain or leave vote is less than 60 percent based a turnout less than 75 percent . " In a startling result , the Leave campaign won Thursday ’s referendum with 52 % of the vote , with 72 % of voters turning out . Disappointed voters have flocked to sign the petition in the wake of the the vote crashing the official UK government website on at least one occasion and generating more signatures than on any other petition on the site . But the surge in interest has prompted its creator the surge in interest William Oliver Healey , to speak out , saying that he in fact he had he supported the Leave campaign , and had created the petition the petition the intention of making it harder for ’remain’ to further shackle us to the EU . " # Regrexit : UK voters voice doubt over referendum outcome , Creator : Petition ’hijacked’ Healey , an activist for the English Democrats     a fringe , nationalist political party     wrote on Facebook Sunday that he had created the petition " when it was looking the petition that ’leave’ were going to win . " The petition had the petition " hijacked by the remain campaign , " he wrote . he Tilbrook , chairman of English Democrats , said that Healey had created the petition to help the petition terms under which the referendum would be contested . Healey was " quite surprised Healey and " feeling slightly under pressure " by the attention the petition was receiving , the petition . " It ’s a slightly ironic situation where if the Remainers . .. had understood what was going to happen , they would probably have wanted to the Remainers what Oliver was suggesting , " he said . Instead , they Oliver been " cocksure " the Remainers victory , Tilbrook said . 100 , 000 Tilbrook , Any petition that gets more than 100 , 000 signatures is considered by Parliament ’s Petitions Committee , which weighs whether to send the petition for debate by lawmakers . MP Helen Jones , chair of the committee , said in a statement Sunday that the committee would consider the petition the committee meeting this week and decide whether the committee schedule a parliamentary debate on it . But the petition , created the committee May , may not have a realistic chance of being acted upon .   British Prime Minister David Cameron , who announced his intention to resign following the defeat of his Remain campaign , has previously said his would be no second referendum if the results were close , and enacting the petition would entail enacting laws retrospectively the petition, created in May I do n’t think anyone thinks it ’s legally binding in any sense , " said Tilbrook , adding that the petition ’s signatories were guilty of " the petition, created in May over the result . Jones’ statement also said that the government was investigating reports of fraudulent signatures being added to the referendum . The petitions committee later tweeted that about no second referendum 000 fraudulent signatures had been removed . British MPs debated banning Donald Trump from the country for hate speech earlier this year after an online petition urging such action received more than half a million signatures . But no action was taken against the U. S. presidential candidate , who visited the UK in recent days . 
 