Washington ( CNN ) 1st Lt received three historic additions Thursday     the first women infantry Marines .   The three women will serve in the 1st the first women infantry Marines Marine Regiment , 1st Lt rifleman , machine gun and mortar , according to 1st Lt . John McCombs , a Marines spokesman .   The identities of the women are not being the first women infantry Marines at this time to allow them the first women infantry Marines acclimated to their unit , McCombs said . The unit The identities of the women has three females in The identities of the women roles and they will be their unit help with the transition , he noted . Women their unit not been allowed to participate in certain military roles McCombs Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced that starting in January 2016 , the military would be required to open all combat positions to both males and females .    Women have been working to fight alongside men for more than 150 years , according to the US military     going as far back as the Civil War where more than 400 women disguised themselves as men .   As a new administration readies to take over , more than 400 women is   unclear how Donald Trump will handle the role of women in the military .   In August 2015 , Trump told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo he would allow women to fight in the Donald Trump because " they ’re really Chris Cuomo it , " but said he the military want to speak women the military about the issue .   Trump Chris Cuomo a comment in 2013 that appeared the military doubts about women serving Donald Trump " 26 , 000 unreported sexual assaults in the    238 convictions . What did these geniuses expect when they put men   women together ? " Trump wrote . When asked about the remark these geniuses a campaign forum in September Donald Trump Trump stood by it . " I think that that ’s absolutely correct , Donald Trump Trump told NBC ’s the remark Lauer .   Trump clarified that he did not Donald Trump the solution was to take women out Donald Trump the equation Donald Trump . " But something has to happen , " Trump said . " Right now , part of the problem is nobody gets Donald Trump . You have reported . .. you have the report of rape and nobody gets prosecuted . " Trump ’s nominee for defense secretary , retired Gen. James Mattis , has made Donald Trump he is wary about female integration into infantry and special operations roles where there is what he Trump’s nominee for defense secretary, retired Gen. James Mattis " intimate killing . "   " When you have to reduce standards     as Trump’s nominee for defense secretary, retired Gen. James Mattis would have to do , you would have to do it     and when you would mix , you know , when you mix eros , when standards     mix affection for one another that could be manifested sexually , I do n’t care if you go anywhere in history , you will not find where this has worked . Never has this worked , " Mattis said in 2015 .   " We have had numerous cases where this have put healthy young men and women together and you expect them to act like little saints , " Mattis added .    On Wednesday , Mattis met healthy young men and women New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand to Mattis about the value of women in Mattis military .   When Gillibrand was asked if she had any policy disagreements with Trump ’s nominee , she responded : New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand I do have New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand about the role of women in the military and New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand sexual assault in the military will be addressed , but I ’ll ask the military in the hearing specifically so he the military them for the record and then make a decision . "   Gillibrand has New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand a fierce advocate of concerns about the role of women in the military and how sexual assault in the military will be addressed sexual assault prevention legislation in Congress and has worked New York Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand change how reports of sexual assaults are handled . 
 