Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , released a list of potential Supreme Court nominees on Wednesday as part of an effort to quell concerns that he would not select conservative jurists . The unusual move comes as Mr. Trump is looking to unify the Republican Party behind Mr. Trump and win over critics who remain skeptical about Mr. Trump candidacy . While some Republicans who oppose Mr. Trump have considered supporting Hillary Clinton or sitting out the election , he Mr. Trump regularly reminded them some Republicans who oppose Mr. Trump have considered supporting Hillary Clinton or sitting out the election the future of the Supreme Court is at stake . After the death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February , critics of Mr. Mr. Trump concern about whether he had Mr. Trump judgment to fill vacancies on the court the Supreme Court had Mr. Trump about appointing his sister Mr. Trump that he would Mr. Trump for someone in the mold of Justice Scalia and later promising to furnish some prospective candidates . Mr. Trump said in a statement that his shortlist was " representative of the kind of constitutional principles I value and , as president Mr. Trump I plan to use this list as a guide to nominate our next United States Supreme Court justices . " The Trump campaign did not share how it settled on the names , but Mr. Trump has previously Mr. Trump that he was seeking guidance The Trump campaign conservative groups such as the Federalist Mr. Trump the Heritage Foundation . Mr. Mr. Trump ’s selections consisted of six federal appeals court judges appointed by President George W. Bush and Mr. Trump court justices appointed by Republican governors . All are white , and eight of the 11 are men . They include several judges who are favorites of conservative legal scholars , like Dianne S. Sykes , a judge on All United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit who was appointed by President Bush and had been mentioned as a potential Supreme Court nominee in his second term . Mr. Trump has said that he would consider her for Mr. Trump previously clerked for conservative Supreme Court justices after law school . The Supreme Court court Mr. Trump on the Mr. Trump included Steven M. Colloton of the Supreme Court , a former clerk to Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist , and Raymond M. Kethledge of the Sixth Circuit , who clerked for Justice Anthony M. Kennedy . The state supreme court justices included Joan Larsen of Michigan , a former clerk to Justice Scalia , and also Allison H. Eid of Colorado , David Stras of Minnesota and Thomas Rex Lee of Utah , all three of whom clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas . In addition , Judge Lee ’s father , Rex , served as solicitor general in the Reagan administration , and his brother , Mike Lee , is a Republican senator from Utah . Another state supreme court justice on the list , Don Willett of Texas , previously worked for Judge Lee’s Bush White House ’s office of    initiatives and later Utah Texas government , where he pushed to keep a monument of the Ten Commandments on public property and the words " under God " in the Pledge of Allegiance , Texas he has promoted on his Facebook page . Notably , Justice Willett has repeatedly mocked Mr. Trump and his presidential aspirations on his Twitter account , including a June 2015 he in which he he : " Donald Trump haiku he Who would the    to # SCOTUS he The mind reels he   * weeps —   ca n’t finish tweet * he Several of the judges on Mr. Trump ’s list have questioned abortion rights . They included Raymond W. Gruender , a judge on the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit who led a majority that Donald Trump to enforce a law requiring doctors to tell abortion rights that abortions " terminate the life of a whole , separate , unique living human being . " They also included William H. Pryor Jr. of the 11th Circuit , whose appointment Senate Democrats had tried to block in part because , in his previous role as Alabama attorney general , abortion rights denounced Roe v. Wade , the 1973 ruling that established a constitutional right to abortion , as having manufactured " a constitutional right to whose appointment Senate Democrats an unborn child . " The next whose appointment Senate Democrats could end up having to fill several Supreme Court vacancies , including the one left open by Justice Scalia ’s death . Mr. Trump has urged the Senate to delay voting on President Obama ’s nominee to fill that vacancy , Judge Merrick B. Garland , in hopes that he will have the opportunity to fill the opening . The initial reaction to the choices was mixed . Nan Aron , the president of the liberal Alliance for Justice Action Council , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s choice of potential justices as " dangerous , " noting that her group had opposed several of the Bush appointees . Her group had not researched some of the state judges yet , she said . " The list includes some of the most extreme conservatives on the federal bench today , " she her group " Their opinions demonstrate open hostility to Americans’ rights and her , including reproductive justice and environmental , consumer and worker protections . They have ruled consistently in favor of her powerful over everyone else . They would move the needle even further to the right on the Supreme Court . " Ed Whelan , a former Their to Justice Scalia and a conservative legal commentator , praised several of Their names on the list but reserved judgment about whether conservatives should trust Mr. Trump to follow through on what he says he will do . " It ’s a good list of some of the outstanding judges who give ample sign of being faithful to the Constitution , " Mr. Whelan said . Mr. Trump Whether Mr. Trump President Trump could actually be counted on to pick folks like this is a different question . " Some of Mr. Trump ’s most vocal conservative critics Mr. Trump despite the credentials of the judges on the list . Erick Erickson , the conservative blogger who has been working to derail his campaign , insisted a President Trump Trump still could not be trusted with the court . " Like every clause of every sentence uttered Mr. Erickson " Mr. Erickson a President Trump " He will waffle , he will backtrack , and he simply can not be believed . " 
 a President Trump Mr. Erickson Mr. Erickson Mr. Erickson 