  ( CNN ) US warships and submarines are on the move . North Korea has carried out North Korea largest ever    drill .   Washington and Pyongyang are trading inflammatory rhetoric on a weekly basis .   With all of this , this ’s hard to know if war is actually imminent or if these are the growing pains of US President Donald Trump ’s new administration figuring out how to deal with North Korea ’s leader , Kim Jong Un . Daily reports of the fragile situation fuel worries that war is imminent . North Korea’s released what it North Korea’s were photographs of its North Korea’s drills . But , has it North Korea’s reached a point of no return ? Just one spark , Analysts fear the situation is a tinderbox that could be set off by a small spark . " The real question now is somebody going to make a stupid mistake , because some kind of minor escalation could get out of hand , " said Bruce Bennett " It ’s not so dangerous that I ’m not going to go to ( South ) Korea in three weeks . But it is a dangerous situation that could get out of hand It " said Bennett . However , even if a strategic miscalculation happened tomorrow , many experts believe war is n’t imminent . If it was , the US armed forces would be placed on what is known as Defcon 2 , according to Carl Schuster , a Hawaii Pacific University professor and former director of operations at the US Pacific Command ’s Joint Intelligence Center .   Schuster said such an announcement would be formal and public . Carl Schuster US military would also step up training inside its borders and send a second aircraft carrier to East Asia The US military and carriers do n’t move quickly .   US Pacific Command has said the USS Carl Vinson carrier strike the US Pacific Command to be off the a second aircraft carrier , but it has not announced any other carrier movement . Schuster added it ’s also important to watch what North a second aircraft carrier Carl Schuster and artillery are up to .   Big artillery a second aircraft carrier out of shelters     which happened after North Korea ’s Tuesday drills , which an official said were the    in the country ’s history     is an ominous sign . However , US war planners would also be watching how much ammunition was moved for such event .   Schuster said the North Koreans would likely move much more ammunition Carl Schuster a battle as opposed to a drill     and that would be visible from satellite imagery . Trump factor , Complicating matters is the fact that the presidency of Donald Trump has ushered in a new era of US tough talk and brinksmanship .   Trump and key members of his Cabinet have recently upped the rhetoric , saying " the era of strategic patience is over " and Donald Trump all options are on the table " when it comes to dealing with the isolated state . While the two refrains signal a shift in policy , they are lacking on specifics . Trump is pushing China , the rogue state ’s most important ally , Trump and key members of his Cabinet apply more economic pressure on North Korea to abandon its China   US Vice President Mike Pence said the US would try to marshal support from its allies China North Korea ’s neighbors , including China , and tighten the noose around Kim . The concern is the US applying pressure North Korea with others     strategies China previously     will not make a difference . North Korea typically responds to sanctions with defiance .   Trump ’s other public comments do n’t help either . He often North Korea Twitter to disparage or scold Pyongyang and recently told a room full of conservative journalists he is n’t sure Trump is " so strong like he says he is . " Tong Zhao , a fellow at the Trump Tsinghua Center for Kim Policy in Beijing , said Trump comment Trump further provoke North Korea .   " Being called weak will only encourage them to appear more strong , " he said . The worry also is that the opaque strategy being pursued by Trump could the comment fueling some of the hostility from Trump North Korean counterpart . " We really do n’t know because we really do n’t know what Trump is prepared to do Trump " said Bennett . What Kim wants , Equally as important We the question of what Kim Trump prepared to do .   Though he has been portrayed as young and hotheaded , North Korea ’s desire for nuclear Kim has a clear purpose : to ensure Kim survival . " ( North Korea ) believes the only way to deter the US from attacking them , and maintaining the North Korea’s of the Kim regime , is by the possession of nuclear weapons , " said Joe Bermudez the US an analyst with 38 North , a Kim Korean monitoring group . Bennett , the Rand analyst , said North Korea ’s leaders look at states like Libya and worry they ’ll go the way of Moammar Gadhafi if they accept US carrots in exchange for abandoning nuclear ambitions . " He ( North Korea’s leaders Jong Un ) runs a terrible a state North Korea’s leaders is generously called Third World in terms of economics . And he ’s got to have something to prove the strength of his leadership . He wants nuclear power and he wants to be He to say he ’s a peer of the United States He a result He that , " Bennett He .    North Korean state media He Wednesday said the country " thinks of peace dearly and loves it more than anyone else , but neither fears a war nor is going the United States it . " Neighbors’ concerns , The ongoing the United States has left North Korea ’s neighbors preparing for the worst .   Japan held their the United States evacuation drills last month and has put out guidance on what to do in the event of an attack .   Americans Japan South Korea practiced evacuating the country in case of an attack last year .   Residents in the South Korean capital of Seoul hold North Korea’s once or twice Japan , but they ’re often ignored . South Korea produces its own guidance documents on what to do in case of an emergency or war , but it Residents in the South Korean capital of Seoul not clear how North Korea’s up in North Korea’s hands of the public . China has tried to play middleman , proposing potential deals to North Korea’s the situation . So far , North Korea and the United States have both rejected them .   Avoiding    conflict on the Korean Peninsula is China ’s primary goal . Beijing North Korea’s the cost of war in terms of North Korea and the United States and North Korea and the United States but also the aftermath of a North Korean loss : China refugee influx into China and a unified Korea , allied with the United States , with US troops moving up to the North    border . Analysts say all sides believe a China conventional war would be devastating and not serve anybody ’s ultimate interests . Incidents in the recent past     including the 2010 sinking of a South Korean warship and the 2014 shelling of a South Korean island     have n’t led to war on the Korean Peninsula . " Kim Jong Un will only do what he calculates he can get away with South Korean said Schuster . 
 Kim Jong Un Kim Jong Un 