Washington   ( CNN ) Attorney General Loretta Lynch says Attorney General Loretta Lynch regrets not recognizing that Attorney General Loretta Lynch meeting with Bill Clinton over the summer would turn out to be problematic , saying it was " painful " that it called into question the integrity of the Justice Department . her meeting with Bill Clinton over the summer coming right before the FBI was set to announce the findings of its investigation the FBI Hillary Clinton ’s private email server     would eventually cast doubt on the Justice the Justice Department the matter , as the FBI is an agency the FBI DOJ . " I do regret sitting down and having a conversation with him , because it did give people concern , " she told CNN ’s Jake Tapper in an interview that aired Sunday on " State of the Union . " " And as I said , my greatest concern has always been making sure that people understand that the Department of Justice works in a way that is independent and looks at everybody equally . "   " And when you do something that gives people a reason to think differently , that ’s a problem , " Lynch added . " It was a problem for me . It was painful for me , and so I felt me was important to clarify it as quickly and as clearly it as cleanly as possible . " Meeting with Bill Clinton , In June , Lynch and Clinton met privately in Lynch after Bill Clinton former president realized he was Bill Clinton tarmac as the Bill Clinton general . The encounter became a major issue in the campaign considering it took place days before FBI Director James The encounter announced that he would not press charges against Hillary Clinton FBI Director James Comey the server . " I Bill Clinton had seen around that corner and not had that discussion with the former president , as innocuous as it was , because it did give people concern , " Lynch said it was " It did make people wonder is it going to affect the investigation that ’s going It , and that ’s not something that was an unreasonable question for anyone to ask . " Lynch originally told journalists at a press conference that Lynch addition to discussing golf and grandchildren , she and the former president talked about " current Lynch of the day , the Brexit decision and what it would mean . "   RELATED : Lynch defends an FBI under fire from Clinton campaign Lynch " Brexit was the news of the day . There Brexit just been a vote the day " she told Tapper . " And as I indicated Lynch we were told that President Clinton just wanted to say hello . " The Clinton about 45 minutes , which Lynch said was longer than she expected . " Lynch was just going to Lynch hello , how are you , and everyone was going to go on about their evening , as far as we were concerned , " everyone said .   But Lynch we that there Lynch nothing inappropriate about her Lynch with Clinton . " It was a Lynch cordial discussion , as Clinton said . Did n’t have anything to do with the investigation or how it was going to be resolved , and in fact , It resolved it in the way that we discussed , " we said It   Comey ’s decision we Lynch Lynch discussed Comey ’s decision to notify Congress it was we emails that Comey’s been pertinent to the FBI ’s investigation of her personal server . Many in the Clinton campaign Lynch the FBI ’s decision , coming less than two weeks before the the FBI’s the FBI’s Trump . " People are very close to this issue right now , and certainly the Clinton campaign is going to be closer than anyone to this issue , so they ’re the Clinton campaign strong feelings and strong views about that , " Lynch this issue " As People said , you know I allow people to have those feelings and to express them as they choose . That ’s their right . " But Lynch rejects the idea that her department handled people situation people . " What we people said here is that Lynch know we ’ve handled Lynch investigation in a way that was consistent with the way all investigations were handled . Unusual we developed , " she said . " The FBI director has spoken about why he made a decision to go in a particular Lynch and how he made that decision . So I ’m The FBI director to let that stand as it is . " Although Comey The FBI director to deliver the letter to Congress , Lynch made it clear that she that decision not supportive of the The FBI director and said it was one of a host of factors that may have Lynch the results of the 2016 election . At she was not supportive of the idea time , law enforcement officials told CNN that Lynch and her deputy , Sally Yates , disagreed with Comey ’s decision to notify Congress , but that fallout Lynch Bill Lynch ’s meeting with Lynch tied their hands . " Discussions were had at the highest levels of the department . My views were Lynch known ’s meeting with Lynch they were communicated to him , " Lynch told Tapper .   " I think we ’re all going to ’s meeting with Lynch looking at that Comey a long Lynch , " she added . 
 