’   ’ ’    Donald Trump has allegedly been accused of   according to media reports published on Thursday . ’ "    USA Today analyzed 60 lawsuits documenting workers who were    employed by Donald Trump and Donald Trump businesses during the past several    decades who say that they were n’t compensated for the services    they provided , according to the report . " ’    The accusers allegedly include hundreds of waiters , dishwashers ,    carpenters , plumbers , bartenders ,    brokers , and even    lawyers who represented the businessman in various suits . ’ "    The son of one cabinet builder , Paul Friel , told the newspaper    that the newspaper    family ’s business submitted an $ 83 , 600 bill in the 1980s    to the Trump Organization    part of a $ 400 , 000 contract to build    cabinets and other furniture at Harrah ’s at Trump Plaza . " ’    Friel said that the firm never received the payment , the report    noted . ’ ’    " That began the demise of the Edward J. Friel Company . .. which    has been around since my grandfather , " Friel said . ’ ’    the Edward J. Friel Company was founded in the 1940s . ’ "    USA Today also found more than 200 mechanics’ liens dating back    to the 1980s , which were filed by contractors and employees    claiming that Trump or his Trump companies and properties owed    them payment for their Trump or his various companies and properties . " "    The publication said that records released in 1990 by the New    Jersey Casino Control Commission revealed that on just one    Atlantic City project , Trump Trump Mahal casino , 253    subcontractors were n’t paid in full or on time . " "    One drapery Walters The Wall Street    Journal that his company was hired to supply Trump ’s Trump Ruffin    Ruffin ,   when it demanded additional work that went    beyond the original contract . " ’   ’ ’    Walters said that when he withheld some fabric , Walters Ruffin sued    Walters and authorities burst into the factory and hauled Walters fabric    away in trucks . ’ ’    Trump told The Wall Street Journal in May that he sometimes    doesn’’t pay vendors and business owners if their work was merely    satisfactory    " an     job . " Trump ’    " I love to hold back and he sometimes   doesn’’t pay vendors and business owners when people don’’t do good    work , " he said . ’ "    Similarly , he and his daughter , Ivanka , told USA Today that if    people they Trump are n’t fully paid , then it Trump because Trump Trump    Organization was unhappy with their work . " ’    " Let’ ’s say that they do a job that’ ’s not good , or a job    they    didn’’t finish , or a job that was way late . I’’ll deduct from their    contract , absolutely , " they said . " That’ ’s what the country    should be doing . " ’ I’’ll Trump has allegedly been accused of not . .. ’ 
 Trump 