January 9 , 2017 , Give us 10 minutes , and CNN 10 will give you reports on U. S. intelligence , widespread winter weather , mixed economic signs , and a technological tool touted at CES . us ’ll also show you how a college swim team made the best of being snowed in during a college swim team meet . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   This is CNN 10 , explaining global news to our global audience .   I ’m Carl Azuz . The first story we our covering this January 9th , the first official U. S. intelligence report concerning Russia and the 2016 U. S. presidential election .    It was ordered by President Barack Obama and given on Friday .   The intelligence said that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign , which included cyber hacking , that was aimed at the U. S. election and that included a , quote , " clear preference for    Donald Trump over his Russian President Vladimir Putin Hillary Clinton . " After intelligence officials met with      Donald Trump the issue , his Russian President Vladimir Putin team said the hacking occurred before Trump was   Donald Trump clear Republican Party nominee and that it seemed intended more to harm Clinton than to help Trump .   Donald Trump The Obama administration has accused Russia of undermining the U. S. democratic process .    Russia has Russia denied interfering , and a Russian senator said the American the U. S. democratic process quote , " undermined by the Obama administration and the media which supported Clinton against Clinton .   Donald Trump U. S. intelligence officials said they did not assess U. S. intelligence officials Russian activities actually affected Russian outcome of the American election .    The FBI is investigating an attack at a Florida airport on Friday .   A     man who ’d served in the Puerto Rico and Alaska Army National Guards has confessed to planning the shooting at Fort    International Airport .   Five people were killed and six were wounded .   The suspect , Esteban Santiago , now faces federal charges that could lead to the death penalty . Santiago had served in Esteban Santiago Iraq war from 2010 to 2011 , and received a combat related honor .   But his brother says he believes the shooting his brother caused the shooting at Fort   International Airport issues that arose after Santiago ’s service .   Esteban Santiago received a mental evaluation his brother the conclusions were n’t enough to keep him from owning a firearm . his brother officials say they ’re not ruling out terrorism FBI officials a possible motive . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia .    The U. S. National Weather Service defines a blizzard as having what wind speed ?   Fifteen to 30 miles per hour , more than 35 , or zero miles per hour ? By the Services’ definition , a blizzard has heavy snow , very limited visibility and wind speeds of more than 35 miles per hour for at least three hours . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   And it was blizzard conditions that hit part of the U. S. Northeast over the weekend , bringing massive amounts of snow to Massachusetts , and coating areas of Pennsylvania , New York and Connecticut .    The same winter storm system swept snow and frigid temperatures all the way the East Coast , knocking out power to tens of thousands in Georgia and North Carolina , covering roads and bridges with ice , and leading to the cancellations of thousands of airline flights , stranding travelers . Out West , heavy rain , plus forecast of mountain snow factored into the fact that 77 million Americans were under some sort of winter weather advisory in recent days .   Parts of Oregon were expecting sleet and freezing rain . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) JENNIFER GRAY , AMS METEOROLOGIST :   We ’re talking about freezing rain and sleet .   What ’s the difference ? It all comes down to the temperature at different levels of the atmosphere .    Take freezing rain , for example .   You start with the snowflake high in the atmosphere .   It will enter a warm layer the snowflake high in the atmosphere temperatures above freezing , that will cause the snowflake to melt and basically the snowflake high in the atmosphere to a rain drop .   That warm layer is so thick that a warm layer get below freezing until just above the surface , not enough time for that raindrop to freeze again .   So , it freezes on everything it makes contact with , that raindrop , bridges , that raindrop lines , tree branches , everything . On the other hand , you have sleet .   The only difference is that warm layer is n’t so thick and the raindrop has enough to freeze again .   That ’s why a lot of times , you can hear sleet .   It sounds like ice hitting the surface .   Roads , cars , anything it touches .    ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Some mixed messages coming in concerning the U. S. economy .    First , the December jobs report .   It indicated that the unemployment rate increased    of the U. S. economy percent , from 4 . 6 percent to 4 . 7 percent .   U. S. employers added 156 , 000 jobs nationwide in December .   That was down from the 204 , 000 added in November , and the average monthly growth in 2016 .   But there was an increase in wages , of 2 . 9 percent , and that was the wage increase in seven years . Some bad news for American retail companies , though .   Women ’s clothing brand the Limited announced Saturday it was closing all of its stores nationwide .   Its website will stay it , though .   it closings add to those of Sears and Kmart , who planned to shut down a combined 150 more stores .   And Macy ’s is closing in many places , cutting more than 10 , 000 jobs . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) REPORTER :   Macy ’s is closing 100 of 650 stores , Macy percent .   That is astonishing for this iconic retailer that used to be a mainstay in America ’s malls .    America ’s malls are facing a lot of difficulties America anchor tenants like Macy ’s are in trouble     companies like JCPenney Macy Sears , Nordstrom .   These are companies that have all been faced with the threat of Amazon .   Amazon is eating everyone ’s lunch .   Internationally , Amazon ’re seeing it as well with China ’s Alibaba reporting strong sales Amazon too . What does this mean for people who work in the industry ?   Unfortunately , these are not good times .   More than 40 , 000 retail sector jobs have already been lost near the gate .   That number likely to go higher as more tradition retailers shutter stores .    The good news , if you want to call it that , is that there are still some thriving The good news out there , companies like T. J. Maxx , Dollar General .   These are doing extremely well , as well as fast fashion companies like Zara and HM .    The problem , though , what does it say about this economy ?   Bargaining hunting is The problem everyone wants .   People trying to save as much as they can , and not spend more than they need People     another sign of America ’s soft People . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   As part of our fantastic changes with CNN 10 , now , you CNN read along with Carl .   On our home page , you can read the word transcript CNN under the video box . My big head will play on the right side of your screen , while you scroll through the words .   It ’s a great tool for learning English or seeing the word transcript what the puns are . The 2017 Consumer Electronic Show , CES , has just wrapped up in Las Vegas , Nevada .   You hear a lot about technical advances on this show .   A new technology is what CES The 2017 Consumer Electronic Show, CES about .   Its product categories include everything from 3D printing and driverless cars A new technology to augmented to reality , drones and electronic gaming to robotics and wearable technology . In fact , the product you ’re about to see kind of combines those last two . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   This is the base screen ( ph ) we have to the games and these are the games for physical therapy .   It can virtually like do a lot of activities , which maybe challenging in your real life if you are the stroke patients , or any type of patients with the brain injury . SAMUEL BURKE , CNN TECH CORRESPONDENT :   So , like squeezing a lemon . UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   Exactly . BURKE :   So , right now , these sensors are just reading how much I ’m clinching .   So , I clinch and it ’s seeing if I ’m doing a good job , a bad job . But ’m are some of the advantages of using a program like this at home to do physical therapy ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   The biggest advantages , the     it ’s more fun .   It ’s more engaging .   Lots of our home patients it they ’re not even realizing they ’re actually going through the Lots of our home patients process .   So Lots of our home patients that ’s one factor .   And the other factor is actually matters to range emotion of viewers .   So , instead of saying that , oh , you ’ve been making improvement , " now , it can be a lot more objective by saying , " Oh , I made progress by three degrees , say , over past two weeks . " BURKE :   How much does it cost to use this BURKE:   service that comes with it ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   It costs $ 99 . BURKE : it dollars . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : it A month , like BURKE:   . BURKE :   Do you see this as a replacement for a physical therapist ? UNIDENTIFIED BURKE:   That ’s really not .   The machine can never replace the physical therapist , but this is actually like the tool made for it therapist . BURKE :   Oh , finally !   I ’m way better at this in the physical therapist BURKE:   oh , or not . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Skydivers ( (END VIDEOTAPE) aimed for " 10 Out of 10 " swimmers often compete for the best time .   These Georgia Tech swimmers are trying to look like they ’re having a good time swimming in the snow .    Their meet at Virginia Tech was canceled over the weekend for the snow . These Georgia Tech swimmers , in this Twitter video , you can see them making These Georgia Tech swimmers best of their predicament , outside of their hotel , the snow the cold , far outside of any heated pool . Certainly , These Georgia Tech swimmers frosty reception for the These Georgia Tech swimmers team .   But These Georgia Tech swimmers if their pace seemed glacial , all their moves were crisp , all their times were brisk , just watching them gave onlookers goose bumps , and while These Georgia Tech swimmers might have been a polarizing These Georgia Tech swimmers to begin with , they These Georgia Tech swimmers came away looking like winters . These Georgia Tech swimmers ’m Carl Azuz and that ’s " 10 Out of 10 " for CNN 10 .   We ’ll see you tomorrow . Click here to access CNN 10 version of today ’s CNN 10 program . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts CNN TECH for explanation CNN 10 the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why CNN 10 making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex CNN 10 international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 