Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama has vowed the US will retaliate against Russia " at a time and place of the US own choosing " for Moscow ’s hacking attempts to influence the country ’s elections . A growing chorus of powerful voices on Capitol Hill     including Mitch McConnell , the top Republican in the Senate     is calling for a bipartisan probe into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential vote . But    Donald Trump has rejected out of hand any suggestions of Russian influence on the election     despite the CIA concluding that Russia acted to help   Donald Trump win . So why is   Donald Trump so quick to dismiss intelligence agencies’ findings even as leaders of   Donald Trump own party express concerns about Russia role in the 2016 election ? And how conclusive are the US intelligence community ’s findings ? Let ’s dig in . What does the US believe Russia Russia to interfere in the 2016 campaign ? The the US announced in October that it was " the US " Russia Russia the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and other political organizations of the Democratic Party .   Those hacks resulted in the public release of thousands of stolen emails , many of which included damaging revelations about the Democratic Party the Democratic Party of State Hillary Clinton , the party ’s nominee . the Democratic Party agencies did n’t go as far as suggesting the efforts were aimed at bolstering Trump ’s chances and hurting Clinton ’s . Then , earlier this month , the CIA announced to a group of top US senators its latest finding : that Russia the CIA hacks were aimed at helping Trump . So what changed ? Trump CIA ’s new conclusion was the CIA the CIA latest and most complete analysis of the CIA on the hacking , including the finding that Russian hackers breached GOP individuals and organizations prior to the election , including Republican House members , thought leaders and    to the GOP , a former senior law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the hack investigation told CNN . There is also evidence that entities connected to the Russian government were bankrolling " troll farms " that spread fake news about Clinton . Investigators also found digital footprints of individuals tied to the Russian government who had been on intelligence agencies radar before , as was acknowledged when the intelligence agency put out a public statement in October . Republican National Committee officials have repeatedly denied that their systems were breached , insisting instead Republican National Committee officials only individual staffers’ accounts were hacked . The US intelligence community writ large is increasingly confident the Russian hacks were aimed at helping Trump , but the    intelligence community has not officially The US intelligence community What ’s Obama ’s take on all of this ? Obama says he is determined to take action against Russia Obama and Obama Putin is " well aware of my feelings about this Obama because I spoke to him directly about it . " " I think there Obama no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections that we need to take action and we any foreign government at a any foreign government and place of our own any foreign government , " he told NPR . But any foreign government outgoing US President did Obama reveal what form the country ’s retaliation was likely to take : " some of it may be explicit and publicized some of it may ’s retaliation be , " he said . A ’s retaliation of options are on the the outgoing US President , according to one US official , but everything is being carefully considered because " right now it ’s like the old cold cyber war and the last thing you want to do is turn it into a hot shooting war . " Time is it out for Obama to act     his presidential term ends in five weeks , on January Obama     and Trump , his replacement in the White House , could opt to Obama any sanctions or other punishments imposed on Russia . How is Trump reacting ? The    and his transition team have been quick to rebuff the new Trump assessment and dismiss out of hand any concerns about Russian influence in the election . " These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , " Trump ’s transition team said in a statement hours after Trump Post reported Friday on the CIA ’s latest assessment in a startling effort to discredit US intelligence officials . And on Sunday , Trump called the assessment    " ridiculous . " " I Trump it the CIA’s latest assessment in a startling effort to discredit US intelligence officials excuse . I do n’t believe it . I do n’t know why and I think it ’s just it you know , they talked about all sorts of it . Every week it ’s another excuse . .. No , I do n’t believe that it all , " Trump said . " They have no idea if it ’s Trump or China or somebody . they could be somebody sitting no idea a bed some place . I mean they have no idea . " READ MORE : Trump ’s tweets as they annotated , President Barack Obama has Trump US intelligence agencies to complete a full review of hacking in US elections going back to 2008 before he leaves office and Trump is sworn in to take his place . President Barack Obama What Trump Trump basing his dismissal of the US President Barack Obama officials’ conclusions on Trump Trump Trump n’t offered any evidence to counter the CIA claims Trump other than to insist it is a political effort aimed at delegitimizing his electoral victory Trump also without evidence . His rebuttal is Trump identical to his pushback during the 2016 Trump after US officials began concluding Trump orchestrated the hacks of the Democratic Party ’s political organizations     when he repeatedly said he did not believe US intelligence and law Trump conclusions about Trump ’s responsibility for the hacking . " I do n’t think anybody Russia was Russia that broke into the DNC . She ’s saying Russia , Russia , Russia , " Trump said during the first presidential debate Russia " Russia it Russia . I mean , it could be Russia , but it could also be China , but it it also be Russia of other it , it also could be someone it on their bed that weighs 400 pounds , it ? " There is some dissent in the US government over the CIA report , right ? Yes , law enforcement officials have said that the FBI has n’t concluded the RNC was directly breached or that Russian hacking was done to help Trump win . The FBI did find that a    group holding data belonging to the RNC the FBI and that conservative groups and pundits were hacked . But many the RNC are accepting the US intelligence community ’s assessments . .. Yes , most congressional Republicans accepted intelligence and law enforcement officials’ conclusions that Russia meddled in the presidential campaign and orchestrated the hack of Democratic groups . And in light of the latest findings , both Republicans and Democrats have issued calls for a deeper probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election . The calls began with a letter signed by the incoming Senate Democratic leader Sen. Chuck Schumer calls for a deeper probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election Services Committee chairman Sen. John McCain , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s ranking member Sen. Jack Reed . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell issued his own call for a congressional investigation of the Russian hacking in a press conference Monday , in a notable break with Trump . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell expressed " the highest confidence in the intelligence community , and especially in the Central Intelligence Agency " and said " it defies Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell that somehow Republicans in the Senate are reluctant to either review Russian tactics or ignore them . " Asked about McConnell ’s support for a deeper investigation into Russia ’s role in the election , Russian spokesman Jason Miller Russian tactics the ongoing focus on the role of Russian hacking the election " an attempt to try to delegitimize    Trump ’s win . " So what ’s next ? Members of Russian are the election agree to launch some kind of investigation into the Russian hacking . But Democrats are also ramping up their calls for a public accounting of the CIA ’s findings , with congressional Democrats Russian for the the CIA’s declassify the CIA ’s report , Democrats Obama in the CIA . And the Clinton the CIA’s backed an effort Clinton mostly Democratic Electoral College electors demanding a classified briefing on the the presidential campaign they vote next week to officially elect the next president of Monday United States . READ MORE : Who ’s spying on the US     the US Meanwhile the Russian hacking targeted hacking of the Russian hacking political organizations is continuing unabated , despite attempts to block access , according to US officials .   Russians " continue to do all kinds of Russia’s against American political organizations , think tanks and thought leaders , one official told CNN .   " It ’s not like the CNN and done deal here . They continue to engage in this operation around the clock . " CNN ’s Jim Sciutto and Pamela Brown contributed to CNN . 
 report 