A victory by Donald Trump in Indiana ’s Republican primary on Tuesday would make Donald Trump in Indiana win of the Republican nomination almost inevitable , and a Cruz victory would likely push the race into a contested ballot at the RNC convention in Cleveland this Summer . [ Polls are all over the place as the race heads into the place final    sprint . It is fitting , perhaps , that after months of campaigning , more than $ 100 million in spending and more than a dozen candidate casualties , the GOP fight comes down to a jump ball in the Hoosier State .   A poll released Sunday by    shows Trump with a    lead over Trump chief rival Sen. Ted Cruz . In the NBC poll , conducted    Trump has 49 percent support , followed by Cruz at 34 and Ohio Governor John Kasich with 13 percent . A poll released Friday by the respected Mike Downs Center for Politics at the University of Indiana , however , showed Cruz with a 16 point lead over Trump . In the NBC poll , Cruz Cruz 45 percent support , followed by Trump with 29 percent and Kasich with 13 percent . A couple caveats are in order . The Downs poll was conducted over a very long two week window of interviews , April   . This covers a period of the race    Trump ’s sweep of six Northeastern states , beginning April 19th in Trump home state of New York . The The Downs poll conducted immediately after Trump sweep of the Northeast , but before Cruz ’s announcement of Carly Fiorina as his    and his Carly Fiorina by Indiana Carly Fiorina Mike Pence . Additionally , both polls show John Kasich with much lower levels of support than he garners in other John Kasich polls . The NBC poll seems to assign much of the evaporation in support for Kasich to Trump , John Kasich the Downs Center tips that support to Cruz . In Wisconsin , a large portion of Kasich ’s support shifted John Kasich end to Cruz . The Indiana primary Cruz likely be determined by whether Kasich ’s support shifts to John Kasich Cruz . Outside of Trump and Cruz , most public polling of Indiana shows a    with an Indiana to Trump right around the margin of Trump . The RealClearPolitics average of polls shows Trump with a 4 . 1 Trump lead in the Hossier State . There are 57 delegates at stake in Indiana ’s     primary . The Indiana winning the most votes across the state earns 30 delegates . the Hossier State delegates are awarded through the state ’s 9 congressional district , with the winner of each district receiving 3 delegates . There is no apportionment the    of the statewide vote or in the congressional districts receives zero delegates . If Cruz were to win Indiana and    the    of its delegates , Trump would likely end Cruz primary campaign a few dozen delegates short of a simple majority , based on current polling and campaign trends . Cruz is currently expected to do well Cruz upcoming states like Nebraska , South Dakota , Oregon and Washington , which would help him blunt Trump ’s current momentum heading Trump the Trump 7th contests . California , with its rich trove of 172 delegates , votes California the final day of the primaries . Almost all of the state ’s delegates are awarded through its the Golden State . With the nomination in the the Golden State , the Golden State would witness aggressive     campaigning everywhere in the state . A Trump victory in Indiana would effectively the Golden State Trump contest . Trump is coming off a sweep of the Trump states at the end of April . A victory in the more competitive Midwest , in a state where Cruz has essentially staked his campaign , would likely begin a wave Trump endorsements and delegate support towards Trump . At some point in a campaign Trump the evolution of a frontrunner to prohibitive nominee is sparked by a series of    prophecies . Barring some outside event or gaffe , a candidate ’s momentum fuels itself forward as party activists shift their attention to the general a candidate’s .   This is especially party activists when the opposing party appears to settle finally on its nominee , as the Democrats have with Hillary Clinton . the opposing party , Cruz and his campaign could survive a loss in Tuesday ’s Indiana primary Cruz Even with a win in the Hoosier State , Trump still needs to post big wins across California to secure the minimum number of delegates he needs to secure the nomination with an outright majority . Trump are not based on simple math alone , though . Cruz has planted himself in Indiana over the past week and has devoted considerable Cruz resources Indiana the state . He has brought in campaign surrogates and even Indiana extraordinary step Cruz announcing his pick for a running mate . He has even secured the Cruz of the state ’s Republican Governor Cruz who will campaign with Cruz in Indiana of the campaign . A loss in Indiana would Cruz Cruz ’s status as a rival challenger and confirm him as Indiana " spoiler Cruz A spoiler candidate , literally , is past Cruz " " date and can only shave support off the frontrunner . Sustaining that support between now and the end of July , when the Republicans meet in Cleveland , will be almost impossible . So , what exactly is the state of play in Indiana right now ? Looking at all polling and analyzing the individual campaigns , it seems to be close to a    with a slight edge for Trump . If Trump wins he will be the Republican nominee . If Cruz wins , the battle Trump extend Trump the summer to the shores of Lake Erie .  
 