’A   wildlife center is touching on a relatively niche issue in conservative politics.’ ’On Saturday , an armed , antigovernment group protesting the jail sentences of two men who set fire to federal land took control of the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in southern Oregon.’ ’The occupiers were apparently led by Ammon Bundy , whose father , Cliven Bundy , made national headlines for a tense standoff with law enforcement in a similar dispute in 2014.’ ’The younger Bundy said the takeover is necessary in order to return federal land to the public.’ ’"We’’re planning on staying here for several years . And while we’’re here what we’’re going to be doing is freeing these lands up and getting the ranchers back to ranching , getting the miners back to mining , " Ammon Bundy .’ " The Bundy family ’s armed standoffs with law enforcement is the result of a   with    agencies over the ownership of federal land in rural farming and ranching regions . " " The issue has captured quite a bit of attention from presidential contenders , especially during Cliven Bundy ’s standoff with the federal government in Nevada last year . " ’   Republicans distanced ’  Republicans from Cliven Bundy’s after he casually suggested that    .’ " But before he comments , many    the rancher for he decision to stand up to the federal government in Nevada ’s longstanding request that Cliven Bundy’s not graze his cattle many   the rancher for his decision to stand up to the federal government government land . When Cliven Bundy’s did not comply , the government the federal government in Nevada up his cattle , his cattle ’US Sen. Rand Paul ( ) is perhaps the most notable presidential candidate to throw his support behind Cliven Bundy’s ’US Sen. Rand Paul ( ) is perhaps the most notable presidential candidate to throw his support behind Bundy He   met with ’US Sen. Rand Paul ( ) is perhaps the most notable presidential candidate to throw his support behind Bundy rancher earlier this year to discuss his dispute with federal ’US Sen. Rand Paul ( ) is perhaps the most notable presidential candidate to throw his support behind Bundy state land management.’ " In June , Paul   Ammon ’s ’US Sen. Rand Paul ( ) is perhaps the most notable presidential candidate to throw his support behind Bundy Cliven ’s son . " ’"There’ ’s no place in the US Constitution that allows the federal government to own land . Period . What are you going to do to correct that problem ? " Bundy asked.’ ’"I’’d either sell or turn over all land management to the states , " Paul responded , as the Paul  Ammon applauded.’ ’"We run into problems now with the federal government being this the federal government big huge government bully . You’’d have less trouble with that if you had local control of the land . State ownership would be better , but even better would be private ownership , " Paul added.’ " Here ’s the clip : " ’’ " Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson also voiced his support for Bundy ’s stand . Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson a National Review    he wrote that the Bundys were " Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson December , Carson also said that he was in Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson of turning over Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson land to states.’ ’"What do they need with all that land ? ’"What Carson said in December , . " Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson would advocate returning land to the states . It’ ’s not like they’’re irresponsible people who don’’t care what happens , you know . I just don’’t see any benefit from the government owning this much land . " ’ ’Finally ,    mogul Donald Trump has also expressed some support for Cliven Bundy . He said in 2014 that he admired mogul Donald Trump , saying that the mogul Donald Trump should Cliven Bundy the opportunity to cut a deal with the federal government.’ ’"It’ ’s over the top . It’ ’s very strong . I like him , " Trump . " He’ It’ in a mogul Donald Trump position , I think , to cut a great deal , and that’ ’s what he should do . " ’ " He’ ’s and Carson ’s campaigns did It’ immediately return Business Insider ’s requests for comment on the situation in Oregon . " 
 