From the Associated Press :   Hillary Clinton won the Democratic presidential primary in Puerto Rico Sunday after jumping out to an early lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders . A win that pushed the    even closer to securing the number of delegates needed to win Hillary Clinton party ’s White House nomination . After a blowout victory Saturday in the U. S. Virgin Islands , Clinton is just 60 delegates short of the 2 , 383 needed to win her party’s White House nomination , according to an Associated Press count . There were 60 pledged delegates at stake in Puerto Rico , and Clinton Clinton need a commanding performance to get them all . In early returns , Clinton Clinton Sanders by more than a     margin . " I ’m for Hillary , girl , " said     Candida Dones . " I ca n’t wait for a female president . She Clinton one of us . She Clinton the pants . If we us n’t look out for our us interests , who will ? " While Puerto Rican residents can not vote in the general election , the Puerto Rican politics could reverberate into the fall campaign . Tens of thousands of Puerto Ricans have left the island Puerto Rican a dismal economy , with many resettling in the key electoral battleground of Florida . Both Sanders and Clinton have pledged to help as the island ’s Puerto Rican to restructure $ 70 billion worth of public debt the governor has said is unpayable . " This is one of the most important political moments for Puerto Rico , " said Emanuel Rosado , a     Clinton supporter . " Clinton ’m taking action as a result of the economic crisis . " Two weeks before the primary , Sanders criticized a rescue Sanders negotiated by U. S. House leaders and the Obama administration as having colonial overtones . In a letter to fellow Senate Democrats , Sanders said the House Sanders to create a federal control board and allow some restructuring of the territory ’s $ 70 billion debt would make " a terrible situation even worse . " He later promised to Sanders his own legislation to Sanders the island . Campaigning on the island last month the island promised to fight Sanders " vulture funds " on Wall Street that he said would profit Sanders the fiscal crisis . " That bill is    the House bill to create a federal control board and allow some restructuring of the territory ’s not in the the House bill to create a federal control board and allow some restructuring of the territory interest of Puerto Rico , " said Jorge Gaskins , a     farmer who supports Sanders and opposes a Sanders board . Clinton has said she has serious concerns about the Clinton ’s powers , but believes the legislation should move forward , or " too many Puerto Ricans will continue to suffer . " Both Clinton and Sanders spent Sunday in Clinton , the biggest prize among the five states voting on Tuesday . Clinton told an enthusiastic crowd at Clinton St. Paul Baptist Church in Oakland the country is " getting indifferent to the great toll of gun violence , " while Sanders made a series Sanders stops in Los Angeles before an evening rally in San Diego . Puerto Rico resident Judith Perez Alvarez casts her ballot during the U. S. Puerto Rico resident Judith Perez Alvarez ’s Democratic primary election at the Luis Llorens Torres Elementary School in San Juan , Puerto Rico , Sunday June 5 Puerto Rico . " Sorry to disturb your brunch , " Sanders said at Hamburger Mary ’s , taking the microphone during their " drag brunch " as disco lights swirled inside . " I just wanted to say that on Tuesday as you all know there is a very important Democratic primary here in California . And my hope is that everyone will stand up and make clear it is too late for establishment politics . " Nearly 2 . 9 million people are registered to vote in Puerto Rico . Turnout was expected to be high given that Puerto Ricans also were narrowing down their choice for the next governor , Turnout well as senators , representatives and mayors . While they can participate in presidential primaries , Turnout Ricans do not vote in the Puerto Ricans election . No matter , said former Gov. Anibal Acevedo Vila . He supports Puerto Rico ’s current political status former Gov. Anibal Acevedo Vila a commonwealth and urged voters to participate in the primary . " Many in the past and today think that these presidential primaries are a sham without consequences , " he said . " But given the threat former Gov. Anibal Acevedo Vila comes from the North and the powerful allies it has here , not taking advantage of this sham to make our voice heard could a sham precious wasted opportunity . " Clinton has 1 , 776 pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses Sanders has 1 , 501 . When including superdelegates , her lead over Sanders is substantial   —    Clinton , 323 Sanders 1 , 547 . " It is time to focus on squashing ‘ El Trumpo,’ " said Democratic Party superdelegate Andres Lopez , a Clinton backer , referring to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Clinton Trump . 
 