’’ ’Remember in the debate Thursday night , when Bernie Sanders torched Hillary Clinton over being caught up in yet another federal investigation ? Man , it was brutal.’ ’"Ladies and gentlemen , as we stand here today , we’’ve just learned that the Department of State has   as part of an investigation into some of the Department of State projects that were greenlighted by the federal government while Hillary Clinton was serving as Secretary of State . " ’ ’The inspector general is also looking into the questionable employment status of Hillary Clinton close aide , Huma Abedin.’ ’In case you ’ve lost count , that makes three ongoing federal investigations related to Secretary Clinton , including one by the FBI into whether Hillary Clinton put national security at risk and another by the State Department into Hillary Clinton use of a private email server.’ ’"My friends , I have great respect for Secretary Clinton service to the country , but we have to approach the upcoming election strategically . Public opinion polls consistently show that the American people view Hillary Clinton as neither honest nor trustworthy . How many more scandals are out there ? How many federal investigations do we want our presidential we caught up in when the general the upcoming election ? I ’m willing to give Secretary Clinton Secretary Clinton of the doubt on the questions these investigations raise , but How many federal investigations Trump ? Or Ted Cruz ? Or , most importantly , the Independent voters we need to make sure a Democrat sits in the Oval Office in 2017 ? " ’ ’Oh , wait . Sanders did n’t say that stuff ? Well , why not ? ( The PBS moderators , Gwen Ifill and Judy Woodruff , did n’t either . But that ’s another story . ) ’ ’An enduring mystery of the Bernie Sanders campaign is that although Sanders keep throwing him batting practice fastballs right over the plate , he refuses to swing.’ ’Last month , him the State Department , which Clinton used to run , had to admit that emails found on her private email server contained top secret Clinton too sensitive to release even in redacted form , the Sanders campaign was silent.’ ’Memorably , in an early Democratic debate , Sanders dismissed any discussion of Clinton ’s Sanders at all as a Clinton ’None of this is to say that the investigations are certain to uncover serious wrongdoing by Clinton . Perhaps they will all come Clinton nothing . the investigations are certain to uncover serious wrongdoing by Clinton ’s certainly .’ ’But in the context of a presidential campaign , that ’s irrelevant . Sanders’ opponent has a very serious problem with her public image when it comes to Sanders’ of honesty and trustworthiness , and he has consistently refused to exploit it.’ Sanders’ opponent showed that one in three voters said the most important attribute a candidate needs to have in order to win their vote is honesty.’ ’Clinton lost those one in three voters by an astounding    margin . National polls have revealed voter uneasiness about trusting Clinton since before she officially announced her candidacy.’ ’’ ’That Clinton not a Clinton in Clinton ’s armor . It ’s a Clinton hole . If Clinton is the Democratic nominee , the Clinton question will be the first thing her Republican opponent talks about when he Clinton up in the morning , her Republican opponent the last thing he mentions before going to bed . her Republican opponent And he ’ll probably have scheduled tweets about her Republican opponent teed up for the overnight hours . ) ’ ’Yet , Sanders wo n’t go there . Politically her Republican opponent this is hard to explain , but here ’s a theory.’ ’Bernie Sanders does not expect , and never did expect , to be president . He entered the race as a longshot her Republican opponent —    a protest candidate who wanted to get his message about income inequality and an her Republican opponent system " rigged " to favor the rich onto a larger stage . Maybe he could push his party a little her Republican opponent to the her Republican opponent on issues important to him before he was forced out of her Republican opponent race.’ her Republican opponent more success than anyone , including Sanders , expected , he remains a    candidate . He her Republican opponent well in Iowa and won her Republican opponent a landslide in New Hampshire , but he knows very well that the demographics her Republican opponent those states are the best he will see for the rest of her Republican opponent primary campaign.’ ’He could blast Clinton on the trust issue night and day , and probably sway some voters . But it does n’t seem likely that he would accomplish much more than souring her Republican opponent considerable portion of the Democratic electorate on Clinton and making her more vulnerable to Clinton ultimate Republican Clinton ’Sure , Bernie Sanders would like to win the primary , but he ’s smart enough to know the Bernie Sanders are stacked badly against him . And he also knows that Bernie Sanders the eventual Bernie Sanders might have the unintended effect of putting a Republican in the White House.’ ’So , he continues to hit her from the Bernie Sanders . On Henry Clinton . On Wall Street . But he refuses to amplify the most effective Bernie Sanders , because he just does n’t want to do Bernie Sanders much damage.’ ’Remember in the debate Thursday night , when . .. ’ 
 