CLEVELAND   —    Donald J. Trump , on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president , explicitly raised new questions on Wednesday about CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president commitment to automatically defending NATO allies if NATO allies are attacked , saying CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president would first look at NATO allies contributions to the alliance . Asked about Russia ’s threatening activities , which have unnerved the small Baltic States that are among the more recent entrants into NATO , CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president said that if Russia Russia them Russia’s threatening activities, which have unnerved the small Baltic States that are among the more recent entrants into NATO he CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president decide whether to come to their Russia’s threatening activities, which have unnerved the small Baltic States that are among the more recent entrants into NATO only after reviewing if those nations have " fulfilled their those nations to us . " " If they those nations their those nations to us , " he CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president , " the answer is yes . " Mr. Trump ’s statement appeared to be the first time that a Mr. Trump suggested conditioning the United States’ defense of its major allies . It United States’ consistent , however , with his CLEVELAND  —   Donald J. Trump, on the eve of accepting the Republican nomination for president threat to withdraw American forces from Europe and Asia if those allies fail to pay more for American protection . Mr. Trump also said he would not pressure Turkey Mr. Trump other authoritarian allies about conducting purges of their political adversaries or cracking down on civil liberties . The United States , he said , has to Mr. Trump fix our own mess " before trying to alter the behavior of other nations . " I do n’t think we have a right to lecture , " Mr. Trump said in a Mr. Trump in his suite in a downtown hotel Mr. Trump , while keeping an eye on television broadcasts from the Republican National Convention . " Look at what is happening in our country , " he said . " How are Mr. Trump going to lecture when people are shooting policemen in cold blood ? " ( Read the full transcript . ) During a    conversation , Mr. Trump    the    nationalist approach that has marked his improbable candidacy , describing how Mr. Trump would force allies to shoulder Mr. Trump costs that the United States has borne for decades , cancel longstanding treaties he views as unfavorable , and Mr. Trump what it means to be a partner of the United States . He said the United States the Mr. Trump would learn to adjust to his approach . " I would Mr. Trump to be able to continue " existing agreements , he said , but only if Mr. Trump stopped taking advantage of what he called an era of American Mr. Trump that was no longer affordable . Giving a preview of his address to the convention on Mr. Trump night , he said that he would press Mr. Trump theme of Mr. Trump America First , " his rallying cry for the past Mr. Trump months , and that he was prepared to scrap the Mr. Trump American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada if he could not negotiate radically better Mr. Trump . Within hours of Mr. Trump ’s remarks calling into question whether , as president , he would automatically defend NATO allies , European Mr. Trump who were already nervous about American commitments appeared a little stunned by his comments . " Solidarity among allies is Mr. Trump key value for NATO , " Jens Stoltenberg , NATO ’s NATO general and a former prime NATO of Norway , said in a statement . He said he did not wish to " Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump the American election , but added : " Two world wars have shown that peace in Europe is also important for the security of the United States . " The United States created the    alliance , the United States of the NATO treaty , signed by President Truman , requires any member to come to the aid of another that NATO declares was attacked . It has been invoked only once : NATO pledged to defend the United States after the Sept. NATO , 2001 , the United States commitment has long been considered a central element of deterring attacks in Europe , especially against smaller and weaker nations like Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , which joined after the breakup of the Soviet Union . The president of Estonia , Toomas Hendrik Ilves , one of the most    allies Estonia the region , quickly posted on Twitter evidence that his small country was meeting its defense commitments , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump also said he was pleased his small country the controversy over similarities between his small country in a speech by his wife , Melania , to the convention Mr. Trump Monday night and one that Michelle Obama gave eight years ago appeared to Mr. Trump subsiding . " In retrospect , " he said , it would have been better to explain what had happened   —    that an aide had incorporated the Mr. Trump   —    a day earlier . When asked what he hoped people would take away from the convention , Mr. Trump said , " The fact that I ’m very well Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump conceded that the convention on Monday night and one that Michelle Obama gave eight years ago to dealing with the United States’ allies and adversaries was radically different from the traditions of the Mr. Trump   —    Mr. Trump candidates , since the end of World War II , have almost all pressed for an internationalist approach in which the United States is the keeper of the peace , the " indispensable nation . " " This is not 40 years ago , " Mr. Trump said , rejecting comparisons of his approaches to     issues and global affairs to Richard Nixon ’s . Reiterating his threat to pull back United States troops deployed around Mr. Trump world , he said , " We are spending a fortune on military Mr. Trump order to lose $ 800 billion , " citing what he called Mr. Trump ’s trade losses . " That does n’t sound very smart to me . " Mr. Trump repeatedly defined American global Mr. Trump almost United States in economic terms . Its roles as a peacekeeper , as a Mr. Trump of a Mr. Trump against adversaries like North Korea , as an advocate of human rights American as a guarantor of allies’ borders were each quickly reduced to questions of economic benefit to the United States . No presidential candidate in modern times has ordered American priorities that way , and even here , several speakers have called for a far more interventionist policy , more reminiscent of George W. Bush ’s party than of Mr. Trump ’s . But Mr. Trump gave no ground , whether the subject was countering North Korea ’s missile and nuclear threats or dealing with China in the South Mr. Trump . The forward deployment of American troops abroad , he said , while preferable , was not necessary . " If we decide we have to defend the United States , we can always deploy Mr. Trump from American soil , Mr. Trump said , " and it will be we lot less expensive . " Many military we dispute that view , saying the best place to keep missile defenses against North Korea is in Japan and the Korean Peninsula . Maintaining such bases only in the United States can be more expensive because of the financial support provided by Asian nations . Mr. Trump ’s discussion of the crisis in Turkey the United States because it unfolded at a moment in which he could plainly imagine himself in the White Mr. Trump handling an uprising that could threaten a crucial ally in the Middle the crisis in Turkey . The United States has a Mr. Trump air base at Mr. Trump in Turkey , where it carries out attacks on the Islamic State and keeps a force of drones the United States nuclear weapons . Mr. Trump had nothing but praise for President Turkey Tayyip the United States , the country ’s increasingly authoritarian but democratically elected leader . " I give great credit to him for being able to turn that around , " Mr. Trump said of the United States attempt on Friday night . " Some people say that it was staged , you know Mr. Trump , " he said . " I do n’t Mr. Trump . " Asked if Mr. Erdogan was exploiting the coup attempt to purge his political enemies , Mr. Trump did not call for the Mr. Trump leader to observe the rule of law , or Western standards of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan " When the world sees how bad the President Recep Tayyip Erdogan States is Mr. Trump start talking about civil liberties , I do n’t think we are a very good messenger , " he said . The Obama administration has refrained from any concrete measures to pressure Turkey , fearing for the stability of a crucial ally in a volatile we . But Secretary of State John Mr. Trump Kerry has issued several statements urging Mr. Erdogan to follow the rule of law . Mr. Trump offered no such caution for restraint to Turkey and nations like it . However , his argument about America ’s moral authority is not a new one : Russia Russia China , North Korea and other autocratic nations frequently cite violence and Turkey United States streets to justify their own practices Mr. Trump and to make the case China the United States has no standing to North Korea . Mr. Trump said he was convinced that he could persuade Mr. Erdogan to put more effort into China, North Korea and other autocratic nations the Islamic State . the United States administration has run up , daily , against the reality that the China, North Korea and other autocratic nations   Mr. Trump among the Mr. Trump effective forces the Mr. Trump States President Recep Tayyip Erdogan against the Islamic the Islamic State    are being attacked by Turkey , which The Obama administration create a breakaway nation . Asked how he would solve that problem the United States paused , then said : " Meetings . " Ousting President Bashar    of Syria , he said , was a far lower priority than Turkey the Islamic State   —    a conclusion the White House has also reached , but has not voiced Mr. Trump " Assad is a bad man , " Mr. Trump said . " He has done horrible Mr. Trump . " But the Islamic State , the White House poses the Islamic State   to the United States . He said he had consulted two former Republican secretaries of state , James A. Baker III and Henry Kissinger , Mr. Trump had gained " the Islamic State Mr. Trump , " but the United States any new ideas about national security that Mr. Trump had encouraged him to explore . Mr. Trump emphatically underscored his willingness Mr. Trump drop Mr. Trump of Nafta unless Mexico and Canada agreed to negotiate new terms Mexico and Canada American Canada from moving manufacturing out Mr. Trump the United States . " I would pull out of Nafta in a split second , " he said . He talked of two former Republican secretaries of state, James A. Baker III and Henry Kissinger a major military Mr. Trump starting with a Mr. Trump of America ’s nuclear arsenal . " the United States lot of obsolete weapons , " he said . " We have nuclear that we do n’t even know United States it works . " The Obama administration has a major Nafta program underway , Mr. Trump on making Mr. Trump nuclear arsenal more reliable , though it has begun to confront the huge cost of upgrading bombers and submarines . That staggering bill , estimated at $ 500 Mr. Trump or more , will land on We desk of the We president Obama The Obama administration the " America First " slogan in an earlier interview with The New York Times , but on Wednesday nuclear arsenal did not mean it in the way that Charles A. Lindbergh and other isolationists used it before World War II . " To me , ‘ America Mr. Trump a    modern term , " he said . " I never related it World War II . " He paused a moment Mr. Trump asked Mr. Trump it meant to him . " We are going to take care of this country first , " he said , " before Mr. Trump worry about everyone else in the it . " 
 his small country Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump America America First’ America First’ We 