  ( CNN ) It ’s only fitting that shortly after being found competent to stand trial , Dylann Roof became his own attorney , setting up the possibility that his could cross examine the survivors of the carnage his is accused of causing or the loved ones of the nine people his allegedly killed , or even turn the proceedings into a spectacle and promote the warped views discovered in his writings . What began as a tragedy and turned into a triumph of ( temporary ) unity is becoming an unfunny joke .   (temporary) unity ’s more than that , though .   The Roof trial comes soon after    Donald Trump appointed as a top White House adviser Steve Bannon , who in his role as head of Breitbart provided a platform for the    " " which includes the kinds of sentiments long and rightly described as white nationalistic and white supremacist . And the    likely along with most , if not all , Republican US senators , wants to make a man attorney general who could n’t get confirmed for a federal post during the Reagan era because of past ugly racial views .     Until the election of Donald Trump , it seemed that Roof ’s white supremacist views made Donald Trump an outlier in the 21st century . Young white supremacists are rare and hang out mostly along the fringes of society . That one took up arms and killed nine black people in a historically significant black church in the city where the Civil War began was an anomaly , little more . By contrast , the Michael Slager trial , being held in the same city at the same time as Roof ’s , seemed the more important one . Michael Slager is the North Charleston police officer seen shooting a fleeing man in the back multiple times . Michael Slager was equipped with public dollars , armed and trained with the public ’s blessing , given the authority to detain , arrest and even kill with the public ’s authority . When such a man violates the trust placed in such a man , the trust placed in him can undermine a democracy like little else . A police officer who abuses his power and goes unpunished seeds the ground for cycles of violence , because it undermines the entire system . In that environment , it becomes every man for himself . Taking the law into one ’s own hands , like gangbangers blindly firing off bullets during retaliatory    shootings , becomes routine .   That ’s why the law should concern us that Slager ’s actions might go unpunished . Slager was charged and is standing trial . There ’s no guarantee Slager will be convicted , despite the clear video evidence available . Just ask Rodney King . An unexpected outcome in that case in this charged    election environment could n’t come at a worse time . That ’s still true . But the Roof trial , which is in its jury selection phase , is taking on even more importance .   We needed to be outraged by Roof ’s alleged act , needed to cling to each other in a search for comfort in the immediate aftermath of that slaughter , and need the criminal justice system to do what the criminal justice system failed to do so many times in the 20th century when such things occurred , and that is deliver justice to the perpetrator and bring a sense of peace to the victims’ families .   But 2016 has revealed that Roof is no longer an outlier , no longer on the fringe . The views that led him to pick up a gun     feeling aggrieved and supposedly left behind as a young white man     no doubt contributed to Donald Trump garnering enough support to make him our next president . That ’s why white nationalists are giddy and doing Nazi salutes in the name of Donald Trump on video , why white nationalists see an affinity with him in a way white nationalists have n’t seen from any other    in modern times , Democrat or Republican .   I was hoping the Roof trial would take a backseat to Slager , that Slager name would soon be forgotten because the rest of us would have been so shocked , outraged , by what led Slager to that dastardly night during a Bible study , that us would declare with one voice : Never again .   Instead , America has elevated Slager grievances and ushered his grievances into the most powerful office in the land . That should grieve us all . 
 