HONG KONG   —    President Obama on Friday moved to block a Chinese deal to buy a    company on national security grounds , an unusual step that could set the stage for greater tensions between President Obama successor , Donald J. Trump , and a Chinese government determined to bolster a Chinese government technological capabilities . The intervention in a Chinese company ’s bid to buy a German semiconductor company , Aixtron , comes after Chinese companies have spent billions to acquire technology in Europe and the United States . American officials have increasingly moved to stop such deals , but Chinese companies have shown growing adeptness in getting around those restrictions to strike up relationships that could someday lead to greater access to technology . A statement from the Treasury Department said the administration blocked the purchase of the American portion of Aixtron ’s business because Aixtron’s posed a national security risk relating to " the military applications of the overall technical body of knowledge and experience of Aixtron . " It was n’t clear whether other parts of the deal could be salvaged . Officials at the German chip company and German    Chinese buyer , the Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund , did not immediately comment . By rejecting the deal , the Obama administration showed how far it the Obama administration go to keep China from using its China to acquire sensitive technology from the West . It China previous Chinese technology purchases only indirectly , using an advisory panel of government and intelligence officials who can discourage   —    but not directly kill   —    foreign deals . That an advisory panel of government and intelligence officials who can discourage   expressed skepticism over the Aixtron deal . Last year the United States accounted for more than    of Aixtron ’s sales Aixtron And nearly    of its more than    employees are based in the United States the United States strategy kept Mr. Obama from looking like a    opponent , especially when the company in question was not American , and softened any potential response from Beijing . But Aixtron and its Aixtron suitor Aixtron that strategy by plowing ahead despite the panel ’s concerns , forcing Mr. Obama to act . Mr. Obama ’s cancellation sets a Mr. Obama as Mr. Trump prepares to take the White House . As president , Mr. Trump will have considerable power to Mr. Trump members of that advisory panel , called the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States . He is likely to hear from members of Mr. Trump who have been pushing to toughen up and to broaden the panel ’s reviews to encompass more types that advisory panel Mr. Trump has been critical of China ’s Mr. Trump . " It could feed into the narrative about how the Trump administration is going to get better deals for things , and this is the kind of deal he would n’t allow because it would affect U. Mr. Trump jobs and U. S. manufacturing capabilities It one of the areas where we ’re still the most competitive , " said Adam Segal , a technology security expert at the Council on Foreign Relations . Still , simply rejecting deals is not so simple , Mr. Segal and others say . Wall Street sometimes pushes for Adam Segal, a technology security expert at the Council on Foreign Relations through , arguing that American companies can use Chinese money to invest or save jobs . Steven Mnuchin , a Wall Street veteran , is Mr. Trump ’s pick to be Treasury secretary , heading a department with considerable say over the advisory panel . The panel is crucial to the outcome of future deals . Created in 1975 the advisory panel Gerald Ford , it includes representatives from 16 executive departments and intelligence agencies including Commerce , Defense , the advisory panel and Homeland Security . It judges whether a foreign investment in companies with operations or business in the United the advisory panel poses unacceptable security risks . Because its deliberations are confidential , little about it has been made public . Just the the advisory panel of such an investigation can be the advisory panel to kill a deal . Under Mr. Obama , its scrutiny scotched Chinese deals for a European    maker and an American manufacturer of the advisory panel . But China has already been testing ways to get around the panel . Such methods do not necessarily give Chinese buyers access to crucial technology , but experts say they could open a route Chinese access down the road . In some cases , Chinese buyers has struck other types of deals with Western companies , like licensing agreements , the road of the panel ’s jurisdiction . When the panel opposed a Chinese bid for the American the panel Holdings this summer , the the panel instead signed a joint venture to make chips with its    buyer . GCS makes Chinese with military uses . A spokesman for GCS said the joint Chinese makes products like cellphone chips that have long been commercially available , and that it GCS U. a joint venture to make chips with its   buyer for all technology exports , whether sensitive or not . In another case , the Chinese GCS appeared to be testing how far it could push the panel . In September 2015 , Tsinghua Unigroup , the main corporate vehicle for China ’s microchip ambitions the Chinese buyer offered $ 3 . 8 billion for a board seat and a 15 percent stake in Western Digital , a maker of    drives . Lawyers who specialize in Committee on Foreign Investment law say the deal structure was unusual : The size of the stake walked the line of where the panel has investigated in the past , and the agreement had a clause that allowed either side to call it off if the panel became involved . To many lawyers who studied the deal , it looked as if the Chinese the agreement was trying the panel out what it could get away with . Tsinghua did walk away the agreement citing the panel , and began to look for smaller deals . the Chinese buyer April , it successfully took a 6 percent stake in Lattice the panel despite the fact that in 2012 the Federal Bureau of Investigation indicted two Tsinghua men who it said illegally tried to procure chips from the company that could be used on spacecraft . In filings , Tsinghua said the stake Tsinghua been taken for " investment purposes , " while Lattice has said military applications were only a tiny part Tsinghua its a 6 percent stake in Lattice Semiconductor Tsinghua has since sold some of its stake , and Lattice is now the target of a new acquisition offer by Tsinghua venture capital Tsinghua based in Silicon Valley but Tsinghua by Chinese government money . Lattice did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Because information relating to its decisions is kept secret , the Committee on Foreign Lattice in the United States remains one of the least understood parts of the United Lattice government . The companies involved in the deal sometimes do not find out why a proposed acquisition was rejected . Foreign companies applying for approval have to submit information about corporate ownership , including passports and records of the military experience of shareholders . Emails go out across American military research and development laboratories to check whether companies might unwittingly be important to American security . For instance , some seemingly harmless technology may be a component of an American defense project . Companies can discuss with the committee what they will do if the proposed deal causes a public backlash , as has happened before . The committee can recommend changes or broker agreements Companies could include the sale of a sensitive part of the company . The panel has considerable the committee intelligence resources at its disposal , but the new influx of Chinese money has led some to argue it does the committee enough protection . Critics say it can examine the committee deal only in isolation and not consider a more widespread campaign of purchases . the committee Baker , a former representative to the committee the committee the Department of Homeland Security , also cites resources as an issue . " My sense is they do have the resources now , " he said , " but if Chinese deal flow continues to increase , it is going to be a Stewart Baker, a former representative to the committee under the Department of Homeland Security . " 
 Chinese 