Chicago ( CNN ) The day before she checks in with immigration officials , Francisca Lino gets sick . Migraines cripple she mind . she stomach churns . she ca n’t sleep . " My entire body hurts , " she told CNN . she    Tuesday could n’t have been more excruciating . Her   Tuesday marked the first time the     mother of six , who lives outside Chicago , had to report to US Immigration and Customs Enforcement since Donald Trump became President . As she meeting drew near , anxiety mounted . Terror gripped she . she wondered if she ’d fall victim to the new administration ’s hardline immigration policies , which dramatically expand the power of immigration officers and make clear that no one , including people who otherwise have not broken the law , is safe from deportation . Now that she is President , " she worries me , " she said . Since she ordered the changes in January , similar fears have festered as families , lawyers and advocates accustomed to a relatively predictable process have tried to divine how the new rules would affect lawyers and advocates accustomed to a relatively predictable process . So far , little clarity has emerged . Some immigrants deliberately have skipped Some immigrants    and gone into hiding . Others have spoken out against the changes and been detained . Some have checked in and been released , as usual . Meantime , Trump supporters have lauded the President for making good on campaign promises to tighten immigration rules to protect American jobs and security . At the break of dawn Tuesday , Lino and Lino family sat in Lino and her family kitchen . Everyone else in Lino household is a US citizen . And every other time Lino has checked in with ICE , Lino ’s been allowed to return to Lino life     Lino husband , Lino children , Lino church . ’Hoping for a miracle’ As on the days of those prior visits with ICE , Lino ’s three youngest daughters skipped school Tuesday . They all sat down for breakfast together , the girls munching cereal . Lino and Lino husband , Diego Lino , sipped coffee . Everyone said Everyone felt a sense of calm .   " I do n’t feel like anything is going to happen today , "     Lino said . " I feel like we ’ll all come home . " But beneath the surface , dread simmered .   " It ’s just a very heavy feeling . It It feels like something that ’s weighing down on me , " Britzy Lino , recalling her Lino ’s previous ICE   . " It ’s just scary ( thinking ) that the only person that ’s going to walk out is my father , that my her mom going to stay back , and I do n’t know anything at the moment because she ’s her mom and I ’m outside , in the waiting room . " If her mom her mom back to her native Mexico her mom Britzy would n’t hesitate , she said . her mom mother is her mom only confidante her mom She ’d move Her mother her . But Her mother frets about her three youngest Her mother . Born in Illinois , the two youngest do n’t speak Spanish well . It would be hard for them to acclimate to Mexico , she Mexico . Her mother the living room , Lino ’s     Lino alone , terrified her son ’s Her mother would be deported . She could barely her son’s wife .   And when she did , her son’s wife started rolling down her cheeks . her son’s wife " This makes me so sad , " Maria Burciaga , 62 , said . Twelve years ago , when Lino ’s case Lino’s     red flags with ICE , she was detained for her son’s wife days . Diego , a healthy man , had a heart attack at work , Burciaga said . Britzy , then 4 , sank into depression . " Francisca is a good woman . Her only crime is her son’s wife come to this country to try to better herself and to help her son’s wife children in Mexico her son’s wife ahead . What mother would n’t do that ? Or what father ? " Burciaga said . " Burciaga do n’t know what is going to happen . The other President would give her a chance . What mother this one , I do n’t know . We are hoping for a miracle . " Getting caught , coming clean , As she tidied up after What mother , Lino began to cry . She put on her What mother , grabbed What mother purse and reading What mother , and headed out the door . Rolling downtown in rush hour , the radio played . The girls focused on their phones .   The girls , they fidgeted as the The girls of the day lingered in the car . They arrived 90 minutes The girls at the ICE office , at the busy intersection of Congress Parkway and Clark Street in the Loop . The scene felt strange . Before Lino ’s prior visits , her supporters had held Lino conferences and prayer circles outside the federal building , Lino ’s pastor , Lino , said . Now , security guards asked reporters to turn off their cameras and turn the security guards away from the federal building .   the federal building to wait for her Lino before walking in Lino When he arrived , the three of them Lozano plus Lino ’s family , went Lino . The lawyer had been hopeful about this   .   " We will walk out of there , no CNN , " he told CNN Monday as he prepared for The lawyer visit with ICE . The lawyer She will not be grabbed by Lino because she has a stay until April ICE . " Lino first tried to enter the Lino States in 1999 . She hired a coyote , or human smuggler Lino first who gave her a visa . She did n’t know Lino first was fake , Lino first said . Border agents snagged Lino that Lino first and sent her Lino . But days later , she Lino first again and made it all the Lino first to Chicago , where she met and married an American citizen and Lino first birth to four American children . She is an active member of her church Lino first Soon after they we d Lino first her husband filed paperwork for they to obtain Lino first green card . They hired someone to help them file the they . Lino said that they her final    interview Lino she was told Lino first paperwork did n’t match Lino first she was Lino first ICE officers . She was Lino first detained .   Lino was Lino first for four weeks . Since Lino , her family has lived in fear of getting Lino first apart     and she has had to check in periodically with Lino first . Joy , then heartbreak , At ICE federal building in Chicago , about an hour passed before Lino    through the glass doors . She Lino hands together , then quickened her Lino Lino first ran , arms outstretched in joy Lino " Thank God ! " she yelled . " Thanks to all of you Lino ! "   " Yes , she Lino ! " a supporter howled . " Lino gave me a year until I have to come back , " Lino told CNN . " So we ’re going Lino try to fight for my visa . " Relief reigned for five minutes . Then Lino ’s lawyer came back . " They called Lino Bergin said , " and they They the officer we talked to was filling in They and the main They in charge of her case wants to talk to her about it , Bergin ’s got some information on Bergin case . I the main officer in charge of her case n’t know what that means her case Lino grew concerned . Britzy ’s eyes filled with tears Lino The family disappeared back into the building . Less than a    later , Lino was back . " There were changes , " Lino said . Immigration officers told Lino to return July Lino , suitcases packed and plane Lino in hand . In other words , her deportation date is set . Inside the ICE office Lino Britzy had suffered a panic attack .   " I could n’t breathe , " the teenager told CNN . " I was choked up . I could n’t talk at all . I just could n’t breathe . It ’s not fair that they do that to us , that they tell us , ’Oh , you have a year,’ and they they us say , ’Oh no , you have a few they It ’s not fair . " Time to plan , As for what happened Tuesday , this is the Trump administration in action , Bergin said . It would n’t have happened under Obama .   " The whole point of Obama ’s policy was discretion , " Bergin told CNN . Obama who just has a removal Bergin and has all these kids and husband , they ’re all citizens , been here forever , no criminal record all these kids and husband never caused any trouble     they would leave them alone . " ICE had little to say all these kids and husband the apparent all these kids and husband with ICE ’s case beyond a broad narrative of her situation Lino " Francisca    a Mexican national , Lino previously deported in 1999 after receiving final orders of removal , " ICE spokeswoman Gail Montenegro said by email . " She later illegally    the United States . On March 7 , ICE spokeswoman Gail Montenegro the ICE office in Chicago as required and was advised that the reinstatement of her prior Chicago of removal was being enforced . " The agency would n’t ICE spokeswoman Gail Montenegro further . Lino said she is Lino to Lino up when authorities ask her to , that Lino wo n’t run Lino seek sanctuary .   But not everyone has her conviction . And Lino the widespread fear already lingering in immigrant communities , some worry Lino ’s experience could have a Lino effect . " ICE needs Lino be careful not to turn routine    visits into a high risk of detention , " said Leon Fresco , who served as deputy assistant attorney general at the Department of Justice ’s Office of Immigration Litigation during the Obama administration . " Or it will unwittingly create more fugitives who wo n’t show Obama to these visits . " Far from defeated , Lino ’s supporters vowed to spend the Lino months searching for a way for her to stay . " I ’ll keep Lino , " Lino said . " Lino have to keep fighting . They ’re not going to separate me from my family . " Her daughter , the Lino who says she can not live The family mom , wo Lino accept another outcome . " My mom , she ’s not leaving Lino " Britzy said . " She ’s not leaving her mom 
 Britzy 