  ( CNN ) Not far from Trump ’s     resort , one expert after another warned Monday about the dangers that rising sea levels pose to Florida ’s coast . Not that surprising , except this was a Senate committee field hearing challenging the position shared by President Donald Trump and many Republicans in Congress that climate change is n’t real . The site of the hearing     just four miles from Trump ’s weekend getaway in Palm Beach     was clearly intended to send a signal : Much of Florida ’s coastline could one day be underwater , including some of the President ’s own prized properties . " Today we sit at ground zero of the impacts of climate change in the US , " Florida Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson said . " And while there are still some who continue to deny climate change is real , South Florida offers proof that South Florida is real and South Florida ’s an issue we ’re going to be grappling with for decades to come . " Data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration show that Trump ’s     Club and Trump condominiums in Hollywood , South Florida , would be partially submerged if sea level rose three feet by the end of the century . Already , Hollywood experiences more incidents of tidal flooding . NOAA itself , in a recent report , raised the specter of millions of coastal residents in the United States     especially along the    East Coast     being displaced by coastal flooding . NOAA itself outlined how sea levels could rise by at least four to five feet by century ’s end , engulfing numerous coastal communities or making flooding so frequent as to render them numerous coastal communities . " What we thought was extremely rare , large floods invading coastal cities on a regular basis , is becoming more and more probable , " said William Sweet , an oceanographer at NOAA and the report ’s lead author . " The gap between our infrastructure and the global sea level is narrowing , "   A recent study published in Nature concluded that with the acceleration of ice melt in Antarctica , sea levels could rise to six feet by 2100 . At that point , Trump ’s golf course at Doral , Florida , and several properties at Sunny Isles Beach would also be under water . The fact that Trump Trump’s own properties are vulnerable to the impact of climate change is paradoxical , given that the EPA is poised to undo President Barack Obama ’s plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions from    power plants . In a now infamous 2012 tweet , Trump Trump’s that " global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make US manufacturing   . " The Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee hearing was conducted by Nelson , the panel ’s ranking member , but it The Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee hearing authorized by Republican Sen. John Thune of South Dakota , the Science and Transportation Committee , who has acknowledged human activity is responsible for climate change . Thune told Fox News anchor Chris Wallace in a 2014 interview , for example , " Well , look , climate change is occurring , it ’s always climate change , Chris . There are a number of factors that contribute to that , including human activity . The question is , what are we going to do about it and at The question cost ? " Trump has proposed slashing the EPA budget by a third and eliminating many    programs entirely . But , when it comes to his own property Trump Ireland , a golf course and resort in the small town of Doonbeg , the President took Trump proactive approach . He proposed to build Trump wall to fight coastal erosion by the course ’s sand dunes , which eroded after heavy storms in 2014 . After several attempts to gain approval , the President refiled an Trump December 2016 and is still waiting to get an authorization from the local county council . For many coastal communities , the problems have already begun . Flooding and high winds are more frequent , said Sweet , the NOAA oceanographer . Hurricane Sandy broke through the sea walls of several homes near     in 2012 , and Palm Beach County had to restore more than 20 acres of eroded seashore .   Miami , meanwhile , is investing millions of dollars to raise the level of its properties , its roads Miami water systems Miami protection against flooding . Other cities like Norfolk , Virginia , and Charleston , South Carolina that are at risk of extreme flooding , are also trying to deal with the issue .   Christina DeConcini , director of government affairs for the environmental group World Resources Institute , said the US needs a "   approach for how to address this clear and present danger to America ’s infrastructure , homes and businesses . " What wo n’t solve the problem is putting our heads in the Florida sand while streets and basements flood around us , " she said our a statement . Palm Beach County Commissioner Steven Abrams downplayed the political aspects of the Senate committee hearing in a statement Friday . " Sea level rise and coastal flooding driven by climate change pose real , significant risks to our residents and should not be politicized , ’’ he said . 
 Palm Beach County Commissioner Steven Abrams 