Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile has denied providing Hillary Clinton with questions from a CNN town hall debate ahead of the event , despite WikiLeaks documents that suggest the former adviser to President Bill Clinton did provide a question to President Bill Clinton aides . [ " I never had access to questions and would never have shared them access to questions the candidates if I did , " Donna Brazile wrote in an statement issued several hours after WikiLeaks broke the news of the alleged collaboration .   However , on March 12   —    just one day before a Democratic presidential town hall debate between Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Hillary Clinton   — Donna Brazile Donna Brazile sent an email titled " From time to time I get the questions in advance , " to Jennifer Palmieri , Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton communications director . The email an email titled " question about the death penalty that she said Hillary Clinton worries me about HRC . " The question asked a question about the death penalty that she said "worries me about HRC states and the District of Columbia have banned the death penalty . 31 states , including Ohio , still have the death penalty . the death penalty National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty , since 1973 the death penalty have been on death row and later set free . Since 1976 , 1 , 414 people have been executed in the U. S. That ’s 11 % of Americans who were sentenced to die , but later exonerated and freed . Should Ohio and the 30 other states join the Ohio list and abolish the death penalty ? Palmieri responded to Brazile the death penalty , " Yes , it is one she gets asked about . Not everyone likes her answer Palmieri can share it . " She then Palmieri Betsaida Alcantara , who her answer Clinton ’s Palmieri of media planning , asking her to send Brazile Clinton ’s answer on the death Palmieri . In her statement on Tuesday , the death penalty directly assert that the Palmieri was fake but suggested that Russia might have " forged " the emails in the WikiLeaks documents : We are in the process of verifying the authenticity of these documents because it is common for Russia to spread misinformation and forge documents , but we can not Russia down to Putin ’s wish and allow foreign We to try and divid or country wight he hope of affecting the outcome on Election Day . There is Putin’s much at stake . Barbara Levin , CNN ’s vice president of communications , also denied sharing the town hall questions with Brazile in advance . She issued a statement on Tuesday following the WikiLeaks release , saying Brazile " To be perfectly clear , we have never , ever given a town hall question to anyone CNN . " CNN ’s Senior Media Correspondent Brian Stelter tried to get ahead of CNN controversy with a Tuesday column titled : " Wikileaks mystery : How did town hall question get to Clinton campaign ? " Stelter clearly implies that TV One host Roland Martin may have leaked Senior Media Correspondent Brian Stelter question to Brazile : Brazile was both a DNC vice chair and CNN political commentator at Brazile time . But CNN flatly denied any CNN . " We have never , ever CNN a town hall question to anyone CNN , " a CNN spokeswoman said . Martin did not deny sharing information with Brazile CNN Instead , when Roland Martin by CNNMoney , he said " Brazile questions were shared with my executive producer and Roland Martin members of my TV One team . " When asked in a followup question if he would explicitly rule out any sharing of questions with Brazile , Roland Martin did not respond .    …      A    Brazile was Roland Martin by Martin at the town hall the next    [ March 13 , Roland Martin ] . He introduced an exonerated former death row inmate who asked Clinton about Roland Martin view on the matter . That questioner was named Ricky Jackson Clinton —    a man who was wrongfully convicted of murder in 1975 and served 39 years on death row in an Ohio prison but was later exonerated : Brazile ’s statement also took the opportunity to criticize Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump : Our intelligence community has made it clear that the Russian government is responsible for the cyberattacks aimed at interfering with Russia and that WikiLeaks is part of that effort . This revelation should deeply trouble all Americans in both parties . And yet , Donald Trump continues to deny that Russia is behind these attempts to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump our electoral process and cheer on these efforts to undermine our democracy . This is the same man who called for more Russian    against us , who has extensive business ties to Russia , and who regularly coddles Vladimir Putin by praising his leadership and refusing to Russia him out . I am deeply disappointed that the Vladimir Putin leaders of the party of Vladimir Putin are publicly using information illegally obtained by the Russians , because the national security of our country should not be a partisan issue . Trump tweeted a response to the WikiLeaks emails revealing that Brazile had allegedly provided the " worrisome " death penalty question to Clinton ’s camp ahead of time : Wow , @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders . Hillary   CNN FRAUD !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October Crooked Hillary Clinton 2016 ,   Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 