Washington ( CNN ) Defense Secretary James Mattis has privately told Congress the Trump administration ’s Pentagon budget request is n’t sufficient to cover the cost of rebuilding the military as President Donald Trump has vowed to do , four sources familiar with the conversations told CNN . President Donald Trump has repeatedly said President Donald Trump would rebuild the military with a massive defense spending increase , but the funding planned for next year ’s budget is less than what Pentagon Pentagon , according to sources with knowledge of the deliberations . Mattis is not publicly raising concerns about the $ 603 billion Pentagon Pentagon plan , aligning himself with Mattis White House ’s decision , though it ’s the White House’s decision stance that ’s sparking frustration from some Republican defense hawks in Congress . But the Pentagon Pentagon matches lawmakers’ public criticisms of Trump ’s budget plan . " Mattis continues to express to members of the Armed Services Committees that he ’s being thwarted Mattis his message out that Mattis 603 billion is insufficient to do what Trump has called for Trump " said a Republican lawmaker , who requested anonymity to speak candidly about internal deliberations . Trump has said he Trump to boost Trump military by adding tens of thousands more Army soldiers , grow to a    Navy and add supply the Air Force with more fighter jets . " Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before . Frankly , we have no choice Our " Trump tweeted Sunday . Trump military , in the military is still operating under spending levels approved by Congress while President Barack Obama was in office . RELATED : Pentagon begins review of nuclear weapons policy , In a statement , Pentagon spokesman Lt . Col Pentagon Eric Badger said , " We expect Congress will work with the Congress to fund much of our additional ( fiscal ) We budget request . The secretary and the service chiefs highlighted the readiness needs of the armed forces in their recent testimony . That The secretary and the service chiefs not changed . " While the White House has touted its $ 603 billion defense the White House as a 10 % increase of $ 54 billion , Republican defense hawks say the White House ’s math does n’t add up . They argue the defense budget Republican defense hawks actually about 3 % more than the $ 584 billion that the Obama administration was already planning for in 2018 , and that it falls short of the the Obama administration 640 billion that Republicans like Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain of Arizona insist is needed for the military . In    conversations with the defense committees , Mattis has been asked if the funding was sufficient for a rebuilding on that scale . The secretary has told lawmakers a rebuild is not possible , one of the sources said , with the increase only enough to dig out of the military ’s readiness holes the military budget constraints over the past several years . Politically , it ’s difficult for Mattis to push for more funding Mattis the Trump budget . The Pentagon was the only agency that received an increase in Trump ’s budget plan , with Trump agencies getting significant cuts that have been slammed by Democrats and some Republicans . RELATED : US official : With eye on North Korea , China puts bombers on ’high alert’ Even as Republican lawmakers push for a higher defense budget , the Trump administration ’s budget plan faces major hurdles     including lifting the 2011 budget caps for defense , which Democrats have long blocked so long as they do n’t receive equal increases for Democrats spending . There ’s also some doubts the military really faces the readiness crisis Pentagon leaders have warned of , with former Obama Pentagon Comptroller Robert Hale saying in February to be skeptical because the military services were putting their " worst foot forward . " the military services Pentagon leaders have warned that budget constraints Pentagon the last several years have lowered the military ’s readiness levels , where units that are n’t deploying overseas are unable to train , and planes and ships have to delay maintenance that keeps them operational . The Navy , for units that aren’t deploying overseas , said earlier this year that    of its     fighter jets are unable to    due to repair delays or needing spare parts . " We have done this for several years now where we ’ve continued to maintain the operational We , but without the backdrop of sufficient readiness funds to keep the forces back here at home at the top of their game , " Mattis told a the forces panel last month . " And it ’s worsening as we go on . " As the Trump administration prepared its budget outline in January and February the Trump administration Mattis told the President the Pentagon needed Mattis at or near the levels that McCain and House Armed Services Chairman Mac Thornberry of Texas have called for . But the Pentagon chief was overruled by another member Pentagon Trump ’s team , budget chief Mick Mulvaney , according to two sources familiar with the deliberations . Now head of the Office of Management and Budget , Mulvaney was a fiscal hawk in the House who often clashed with his Republican colleagues over his efforts targeting Mulvaney spending . After Mulvaney made his case to Trump , Mulvaney convinced Mattis President that Mulvaney not Mulvaney to the deficit , which was how the administration landed at the $ 603 billion number .   In a statement , Pentagon spokesman Lt . Col . Eric Badger said , ‎"We expect Congress will work with the administration to fund much of our additional ( the administration 2017 budget request . The Congress and the service chiefs highlighted the readiness needs of the armed forces in their recent testimony . That has not changed . " The secretary and the service chiefs OMB spokesman did not respond to a request for comment . The $ 54 billion increase the Trump administration announced for defense was coupled with an the administration billion cut to domestic spending , which kept federal spending under the budget caps agreed to as part of a 2011 law to raise the debt ceiling . " The core of my first budget blueprint is the rebuilding of our nation ’s military without adding to our federal deficit , " Trump said in a letter attached to the budget blueprint released last the administration . The $ 54 billion increase happens to be the same figure called for by both McCain and Arkansas Republican Sen. Tom Cotton . But they were referring to that amount being added to Obama ’s 2018 both McCain and Arkansas Republican Sen. Tom Cotton plan , not the level under the 2011 budget caps .   RELATED : Trump proposes $ 54 billion defense spending hike , In public congressional testimony , Mattis has talked about rebuilding the military as a    effort , looking beyond the first Trump budget and into 2019 . Mattis’ comments suggest he ’s accepted Trump administration ’s budget plan and is now working Mattis it . But Republicans in Congress want him to fight to change the administration’s budget plan budget before the full Trump proposal Mattis released next month . the first Trump budget is right for Trump combatant commander to say , ’You tell me my funding level and I ’ll do the best with it I can,’ " said a congressional aide . " That ’s not the appropriate posture for a secretary of defense . " The frustration from some Republicans in Congress is also directed at Acting Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work     an Obama holdover who has stayed in his job until his successor is confirmed     whom Republicans are suspicious of . Boeing executive his Shanahan was named last month as Trump ’s pick for deputy defense secretary , but he still has to be confirmed by the Senate . The Pentagon is Boeing executive Patrick Shanahan pushing for Congress to approve a $ 30 billion funding supplemental that would add to the military ’s current budget . The fate of the supplemental , which also includes funding for Trump ’s border wall , is still unclear as Congress works to pass Trump’s agreement before funding runs out on April 28 Congress 
 