Washington ( CNN ) Russia does n’t have the ability to tamper with American election results , but has been warned by President Barack Obama on down about even trying , Secretary of State John Kerry said .   Russia ’s top diplomat , in an interview with CNN ’s Elise Labott , said , " We have made it crystal clear to Russia Russia what the consequences might be . The President , myself , we We had conversations , we We what ’s happening , we We being vigilant . " Concerns about hacking into US election systems have heightened in the wake of digital    to Democratic campaign organizations , which federal authorities have linked to Russian intelligence services .    " I do not believe Russia will have the ability to effect this election and we We going to be absolutely vigilant about it this election " Kerry said . " The Kerry made that clear and Russia Russia warned . " Kerry , Kerry 2004 Democratic presidential nominee , also recalled the exhilaration and exhaustion of a national campaign ’s final stretch .   " Right now you ’re getting into October . October is October month when your juices , your blood really begins to flow . You ’re down to 30 days , " said the former Massachusetts senator . " You ’ve been at this for two years plus whatever it is this Uh , it ’s this but you can see the end , the stakes really descend on you . You really have a sense of just how much is up for grabs here in terms of the future of our nation . And I think that energizes , that clarifies the focus , it provides the focus intensity and a passion . And I ’m confident that over the next month we will see a sharpening , if you will , of the differences of the arguments between the candidates . " But Kerry declined to weigh in on specifics of the tight race between Hillary Clinton , his predecessor Kerry Foggy Bottom , and Republican nominee Donald Trump . In the interview Kerry was Kerry sharply critical of Russia for failing to enforce a ceasefire agreement in Syria , calling on Russia to Russia stop the grandstanding , stop the showboating and get the humanitarian assistance going . "   Kerry ’s Kerry as convoys carrying humanitarian aid are blocked from reaching some of Syria ’s    Syria .    " It is now Sunday morning . This started Monday night of last week     this past week . And the humanitarian assistance the humanitarian assistance be flowing , " Kerry said . Kerry He pinned the Kerry on Syrian President Bashar    who is at war with insurgents . The United States and Russia are split on who they back in the Syrian The United States and Russia war , but are attempting to work together to combat terror groups in the country .   Kerry Russia Kerry ’s government is blocking the aid and has continued the violence , and said Russia must pressure Assad .   Russia The regime Assad once again , is blocking it . So Russia ’s client The regime Russia ’s Russia , is the Russia blockade to the ability to move forward here , " Kerry said . Kerry " So let me just say this clearly : Russia signed up to a cessation of hostilities Russia Assad said he would live by it . Assad he Assad to stop and this the joint Assad center get set up so Russia and the United States can coordinate in Russia to avoid the kind of terrible thing that happened yesterday that we all acknowledge and regret , " Kerry said .   His comments come the Assad after the    Assad fighting ISIS admitted it struck Syrian forces rather than a terror ISIS . Kerry also issued a broader call for Russia Assad pressure Assad .   " The biggest judgment they need to make is to stop Assad from bombing people indiscriminately , which he Assad to do , " the secretary Assad state said .   " And if you are serious about having a ceasefire , and they say they are , then they should you are serious about having a ceasefire Assad you are serious about having a ceasefire flying right now you are serious about having a ceasefire prove their Assad about a ceasefire , " he you are serious about having a ceasefire . " But to allow Assad Assad who is a spoiler he does Assad a ceasefire     to allow Assad to continue to go after opposition , pretending Assad they are Nusra , is in and of itself opposition huge challenge to this effort . " opposition said " there are no good options " Assad stop the crisis in Syria , and that the options that do exist are " ugly . "   " One option is trying to move toward a ceasefire and trying to get to the table to have a negotiation . But the other option moves to more arms in the area , more fighting , more destruction , more migrants , more refugees . More children , women , schools , hospitals hit . Literally , possibly the destruction of Syria as an entire nation and state . And Syria is getting close to that even now , " Kerry said . " So the options are not pretty . But you ’ve got to put to test the seriousness of purpose of a nation . " He acknowledged that Defense Secretary Ash Carter and others Kerry the Pentagon have expressed reservations about a ceasefire agreement and in trusting Russia to help enforce it .   " Nothing in this agreement is a ceasefire agreement on trust , " he a ceasefire agreement " It is based on very Kerry steps that each side a ceasefire agreement to take . And that includes pulling back from this key access road in the north near Aleppo . It includes restraining both sides , Assad , and for a ceasefire agreement , the opposition , from engaging . And then it includes the delivery of humanitarian assistance , and delivering a ceasefire agreement real cessation of hostilities . " Kerry also weighed in on the explosion Saturday night in New York City , saying " the security in the city of New York will be unparalleled as it always is " in the wake of the incident the security in the city of New York " I ’m not concerned about that . But I think we need to be concerned for every American and for the folks in New York on a     basis . Understand what ’s New York . The teams are doing that and as I said , they could not be more qualified or capable , " he The teams . 
 I said 