Las Vegas ( CNN ) Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson said Friday that Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson charitable contributions are " negligible , " bordering on " almost nonexistent . " Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson made the comments to CNN in Las Vegas after addressing a gathering of the Asian American Journalists Association . Earlier in the day , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign announced that Clinton and her husband , Hillary Clinton’s Clinton Hillary Clinton’s donated close to 10 % of their adjusted gross income to her husband, Bill Clinton in 2015 . And according to CNN ’s calculation , the couple paid an effective tax rate of 30 . 6 % . " My charitable contributions would be negligible     I mean just , really almost nonexistent , " Johnson told CNN , as he stressed CNN his wealth Johnson does not Johnson approach Hillary Clinton ’s . "   Pressed on what percentage of his income he has given Johnson charity Johnson Johnson responded : " For Johnson , giving to charity , I ’ve always viewed that the things that I do in my life contribute to making lives better . That what I ’ve done . " He also estimated that his Johnson tax rate was Johnson 20 % .   Johnson and his running mate Johnson former Johnson Gov. Bill Weld , are hoping to capitalize on the high unfavorability of both Clinton and the Republican nominee , Donald Trump .   As the duo looks to score prominent endorsements and bring up their poll numbers so they prominent endorsements participate in the prominent endorsements debates , Johnson has hinted at the Johnson of winning Mitt Romney ’s support     which could be critical in a state like Utah .   Johnson told CNN ’s Wolf Johnson last month that Romney is " considering the Mitt Romney’s " of endorsing him .     But on Mitt Romney’s , Johnson played down that possibility Johnson saying he the possibility" of endorsing him not optimistic Johnson all sorts of reasons . " " I ’m not expecting it , " he said . " So Johnson my expectations , everything ’s a bonus . " 
 