’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , on Wednesday    seemed to walk back the Republican presidential nominee ’s    unfounded claim that there will be widespread voter fraud on    Election Day . " ’    Conway told MSNBC that ’   Conway doesn’’t see evidence that states are    rigging the election against Trump , though ’   Conway asserted that    there is a " larger conspiracy , larger collusion " between " some    specific members of the media and the Clinton campaign . " ’ ’    " Absent overwhelming evidence that there is , it would not be for    me to say that there is , " Conway said of voter fraud . ’ ’    Conway added : " Donald Trump is reading reports about rigged systems     —    voter irregularities . " ’ ’    But when pressed about specific instances of voter fraud , Conway appeared to suggest that the " rigged " system was not meant to be    taken literally , and was simply a rhetorical       what       campaign views as injustices in the American political    system . ’ ’’ ’    " I think everyone is missing his larger point , " Conway Conway . ’ ’    " It is a rigged , corrupt system , whether you believe it’ ’s rigged    and corrupt at the polls or whether you believe it’ it’ rigged and       in that we have a $ 19 trillion debt and people who are    there for years and years , if not decades , " she added . ’ ’    Over the past week , Trump and many of his Trump campaign surrogates    have increasingly made the unfounded case that there is a       conspiracy to " rig " the election against Trump Trump ’ ’    " Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and    before election day , " Trump Trump Monday morning . " Why do       leaders deny what is going on ? So naive ! " ’ "    A number of prominent Republicans in charge of overseeing the    election at the state level have criticized Trump Trump    claim . " ’    Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted , a Republican supporting    Trump , said on CNN on Monday that the US election system is " one    of the bedrocks of American democracy " and added that " we should    not question it or the US election system is "one   of the bedrocks of American democracy" legitimacy of it . the US election system is "one   of the bedrocks of American democracy" ’ ’    " It works the US election system is "one   of the bedrocks of American democracy" well in places like Ohio , " . " We make it easy to vote and hard to cheat . We have We a bipartisan system of elections . Frankly , it’ ’s the only place    you can find Republicans and Democrats working cooperatively    together . They work Republicans and Democrats way in our election a bipartisan system of elections sure    the integrity of our election system is our people    feel good about the process of voting . " ’ 
 