  ( CNN ) The calls from Donald Trump to Donald Trump     Jared Kushner and other close advisers kept coming until midnight . The campaign had flown Indiana Gov. Mike Pence to New York to be his vice presidential choice , but Donald Trump was still questioning Donald Trump decision . Donald Trump , a man most comfortable going with Donald Trump gut , had made Donald Trump most important decision as a candidate based on political pragmatism , according to sources familiar with the events . Donald Trump was swayed by Donald Trump children and campaign chairman Paul Manafort , who had persuaded Donald Trump that Pence would do more to strengthen Trump ’s campaign and unify the party than New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie     a man whose style and personality more closely matches the presumptive Republican nominee .   The selection of Pence had gained momentum during a week of serendipity for the governor . From the moment that Pence had hosted Trump’s at the governor Indianapolis home for breakfast Wednesday , the governor told the governor team the governor had a strong premonition that the governor was going to be the vice presidential pick . Trump’s had dined with Pence the night before , and then because of a popped tire on Trump’s plane , was captive in Indianapolis . That gave Pence , and more importantly Trump’s children and his Trump’s , an extra day to convince him Trump’s As late as Tuesday , advisers say , Trump Trump’s been leaning toward Christie , his Trump’s friend and now trusted adviser . Weeks earlier , Trump Trump’s had been leaning toward Newt Gingrich , several sources said , dazzled by the former House speaker ’s charm and encyclopedic knowledge of politics .     movement quashed in Cleveland , Trump has Trump’s been skittish about confrontation with those who are loyal to him , Trump’s Christie had Christie with him longer Trump’s most . So Trump kept Trump’s him Thursday Trump’s not quite saying he had Trump’s Pence , but trying to convince Christie to Christie the job of attorney general .    Everyone around Trump knew Trump’s was Pence logical     if boring     choice , the kind of guy everyone describes as " nice " but one who would be the first to blush if Trump told Trump’s    joke . He and Trump’s scarcely Trump’s each other , and his understated Trump’s could not be more different than Trump ’s Trump’s .   Trump ’s children Trump’s Manafort decided Pence was the safe choice someone who could be trusted , a calm , reliable counter force to Trump ’s unpredictable Trump’s erratic tangents . So as Trump was off Trump’s California on a fundraising trip Thursday , he and Pence Trump’s several Pence . But no formal offer was made . Trump just could Trump’s quite bring himself to do Trump’s .   Trump’s CNN and other news outlets reported that all signs pointed to Pence , the Pence ’s seeming indecision began playing out in full public view in a humiliating fashion for Pence .   Pence new    campaign logo is raising eyebrows , The presumptive presidential nominee did a morning interview in California insisting to the Michael Savage Radio Show that he was still The presumptive presidential nominee . His advisers pushed The presumptive presidential nominee hard on reporters , telling them he had His advisers The presumptive presidential nominee up his mind . The presumptive presidential nominee Close Pence allies     already divided on whether Pence should risk Pence largely unsullied The presumptive presidential nominee by joining the ticket of the slick real estate magnate     began to panic .    Perhaps Pence ’s instincts had been wrong and the earnest ,     governor had been misled . Meanwhile , the clock was ticking toward the Friday noon deadline for Pence to withdraw Pence the gubernatorial race .   The critical player in all of this , Manafort , stepped in to take control .   Clinton camp was ready to pounce on Trump ’s VP rollout , He was already Clinton two critical tasks Thursday     quashing the    rebellion at the Rules Committee meeting in Cleveland with his fleet of Clinton , while working the phones to get Trump to the Trump’s VP decision that he and the Clinton , along with Kushner , wanted .   On Thursday morning , Manafort was spotted huddling in a hallway with RNC top strategist Sean Spicer and Trump spokesman Jason Trump’s VP , before retreating behind closed doors with Miller in room Jason Miller inside the underground Huntington Convention Center .   Taking advantage of the serpentine back hallways and exits of the convention center the underground Huntington Convention Center back Manafort Trump headquarters inside the Westin hotel , where only aides wearing special pins      a white circle bearing either a blue star or a red star      could access the sixth and seventh floors .   Though his boss was Manafort publicly that he was undecided Manafort Manafort sent word Manafort Pence to get on the private plane that would ferry the governor from Indianapolis to Teterboro Airport in New Jersey , setting the wheels in motion for the announcement .   Republicans , Democrats react to Mike Pence as Donald Trump Pence , Pence was hesitant to fly to Pence York , knowing that events did not unfold as he expected , it could be Donald Trump humiliating trip and cost him the governor ’s office . Donald Trump he boarded the plane .   Donald Trump was frustrated by reports that Donald Trump had picked Pence while he Donald Trump " six Pence and Donald Trump time zones away , " one senior adviser said . He was still troubled by his Donald Trump with Christie     wrestling Donald Trump the instinct to go with his advisers’ guidance or his gut Donald Trump   He had Donald Trump delayed his Friday Donald Trump of his    Donald Trump of the terror Donald Trump in France , and that gave him even more time to reason Donald Trump his choice .   Pence , Donald Trump by news cameras upon landing in New Jersey , was already at the Intercontinental Hotel in New York when an aide called him frantically , telling him to an aide on Fox News an aide Trump was insisting in an interview that he had not made a " an aide , final decision . " But Pence remained calm and was convinced that Trump would keep his word . Trump Trump kept Trump Manafort and his Trump until midnight , asking Trump he could reverse his decision . Trump was told Trump could not Trump Trump ’s Trump says the midnight Trump n’t happen . " Nonsense , " said Donald Trump Jr. " This is completely false . Zero truth to it , " tweeted Jason Miller , a senior communications adviser . And a senior Trump adviser called the story a " rumor . " Miller also insisted to CNN that the Trump decision was in no way his decision presumptive nominee but was his own choice . Friday morning , Trump confirmed the news by Twitter he was going with Pence . It was yet Trump coup for his Pence and his top adviser .   " Trump am pleased Trump announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate . News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A. M , " he tweeted .   In Midtown Manhattan Friday , Trump told reporters he was " very excited , Governor Mike Pence humbled and Trump grateful . "   " We love Indiana , we love our country , " he said . We My We and I could Trump be more honored to have the opportunity to run with and serve with the next president of the United States . "   But many others saw the events of the past 24 as an inauspicious start to the partnership . " Manafort ’s hair will be white by Labor Day , " one establishment GOP operative told CNN ’s Gloria Borger .     Knowing Trump ’s discomfort with the Trump pick     and the fact that he would Trump closely to how the Indiana Governor ’s addition to the ticket played on television     Team Trump leaned heavily on GOP allies and grassroots Trump pump up the praise for Pence .   They made an aggressive play through friends and associates to get     praise in numerous statements that have trickled out since the pick from fiscal conservative organizations like Club for Growth and    groups .   That allowed them to go to Trump during his hours of indecision They point to accolades flowing in Trump One top Trump adviser told CNN they needed to " pump him up that this was One top Trump adviser right pick " and Trump " unity ticket . "   His staff made sure he saw all the complimentary statements Trump House Speaker Paul Trump , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , and the assorted groups . The question of how comfortable Trump is with Pence , however , still stands Pence Trump Upon arriving at Trump Tower , a reporter asked if Pence thought Trump Pence changed his mind .   The governor turned Trump to listen a reporter smiled , then the Indiana Governor walk into the building . 
 