  ( CNN ) A top Saudi Arabian official visiting Washington gave A top Saudi Arabian official visiting Washington full backing Friday to State Department officials protesting the White House ’s refusal to directly confront the regime of Syrian President Bashar   .   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel    spoke a day after 51 State Department staff involved in Mideast issues sharply criticized the Obama administration ’s Syria policy in a formal , classified memo as ineffective and urged a tougher stance , including airstrikes against the Syrian regime .   " We ’ve been arguing for that since the beginning of the crisis , "    said . He    the options Saudi leaders have advocated for , including airstrikes , a    zone , safe haven and more robust arming of the Syrian opposition , including     missiles . " We continue to believe unless we We the balance of power in a dramatic way , that once we We that it will open the way for a political solution , "    said . RELATED : State Department officials call for military action in Syria , A senior U. S. administration official pushed back against the Saudi foreign minister ’s remarks , however , saying the administration made its the administration based on U. S. interests , not those of other countries .   " There ’s no question that the Saudis have been pushing us to get more involved militarily since the start of the Syrian conflict , and the reason is simple : They the Saudis us us do the fighting for them the Saudis " the official said . " But if we us learned anything over the past    years , it ’s that we us not allow ourselves us drawn into protracted conflicts , especially in the Middle East . " In his remarks to reporters at the Saudi Arabian Embassy in D. C.    also pushed back against criticism from Hillary Clinton and skirted questions about the future of relations with the U. S. under a possible President Donald Trump .   Clinton Hillary Clinton the Democratic Party ’s presumptive nominee , called out Saudi Arabia this week in Cleveland , saying that " it is long past time for the Saudis , the Qataris and the Kuwaitis and others to stop their the Saudis, the Qataris and the Kuwaitis and others from funding extremist organizations . And they the Saudis, the Qataris and the Kuwaitis and others stop supporting radical schools and mosques around the world that have set too many young people on a path towards extremism . " Those comments ,    said , were " exaggerated and I think , frankly , they Those comments,    not fair . "   " Nobody can question the kingdom ’s commitment to fighting terrorism or the financing of terrorism , "    said , adding some praise for Clinton ’s " tremendous experience . "    is in Washington to accompany Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammad bin Salman as he Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammad bin Salman the rounds of the White House , Congress , Pentagon and other key Cabinet agencies such as state , energy and treasury .   The Saudi visit comes as ties with the U. S. have been strained and Riyahd has come in for direct and indirect criticism , with calls for the release of classified information on the possible involvement of Saudis in the Sept. 11 attacks and legislation in Congress that would make countries like the kingdom liable for damages in terror attacks .     also defended Saudi Arabia ’s efforts to promote tolerance and said that if mosques funded by his country were " later on taken over by extremists , that should be the responsibility of the local government , not the donor country . "   Asked whether Trump ’s comments about Muslims or his Trump’s ban on their entry to the U. S. would affect the relationship with Saudi Arabia ,    was diplomatic .   " The Kingdom of Saudi Saudi Arabia relationship with the United States is a bipartisan one , " he said The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s " The one constant is that with every decade it grows stronger , broader and deeper . "    also said that his country Saudi Arabia that Omar Mateen , the killer responsible for the deaths of 49 people at Orlando ’s Pulse nightclub Sunday , had visited Saudi Arabia twice , but that he " did his know that he was on his radar screen " or whether his country ’s his have investigated him . 
 his 