Donald J. Trump ’s support has plunged across the    map over the last 10 days , wiping out Donald J. Trump’s political recovery from September and threatening to undo weeks of Republican gains in the battle for control of Congress . For Donald J. Trump’s party , Donald J. Trump’s ’s reversal in fortune comes at the worst possible moment : Having muted their criticism of Mr. Donald J. Trump’s hopes that he could Donald J. Trump’s least run competitively through Election Day , Republicans must decide in the next few days , rather than weeks , whether to seek distance from his wobbly Donald J. Trump’s . Should Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump’s in his second debate Donald J. Trump’s Hillary Clinton on Sunday in St. Louis , Republican congressional candidates may take it as a cue to flee openly from their nominee , Republican congressional candidates two senior Republicans involved at high levels of the campaign who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not Republican congressional candidates to discuss private party strategy . Mr. Trump has already slipped perceptibly in public polls , trailing widely this week in Pennsylvania and by smaller margins in Florida and North Carolina   —    three states he can not Mr. Trump to lose . But private polling by both parties shows an even more precipitous drop , especially among independent voters , moderate Republicans and women , according to a dozen strategists from both parties who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the data was confidential . Liesl Hickey , Ms. Hickey was dismayed by a sudden exodus of independent voters in more diverse parts of the country . " They are really starting to pull away from Trump , " said Ms. Hickey , describing his soaring unpopularity with independents as entering " uncharted territory . " Mr. Trump ’s erratic Ms. Hickey last week after his poor performance in the first debate with Trump   —    attacking a former beauty Trump winner over her weight , and making an issue of the Clintons’ marriage   —    has alarmed a Mrs. Clinton   of Republican senators , including Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader . Mr. McConnell expressed concern that Mr. Trump might not have bottomed out yet and could lose even Mitch McConnell among women , according to a Republican official who spoke on the condition of anonymity to recount a private conversation . If the    dip in Mr. Trump ’s standing has heightened anxieties among Republican officials and political operatives , a steady if unspectacular Mr. Trump his running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , in the    debate on Tuesday failed to quiet their nerves . " Two weeks ago I would have said Republicans would hold control of the Senate , but there ’s just so many seats up and nobody is getting separation , " said Neil Newhouse , a Republican pollster , referring to the number of the party ’s candidates still locked in tight races . " It worries me that we ’re this close to Election Day and you ’re not seeing that separation , because it makes you wonder what kind of impact the top of the ticket has . " Other Republicans are that separation out hope that Mr. Trump can at least execute what some cheekily call a " " strategy : holding Mrs. Clinton to a narrow victory , and sparing other Republican candidates in the process . Jay Bergman , a petroleum executive and Republican donor from Illinois , said his fellow contributors were no longer optimistic that Mr. Trump will win , and they have lowered their sights Jay Bergman, a petroleum executive and Republican donor from Illinois " They want the guy to make Mr. Trump showing , " he said his fellow contributors " They his fellow contributors afraid that if his fellow contributors really screws up and looks bad , then    there the guy going to be his fellow contributors lot more votes for Mr. Trump . " If Mrs. Clinton wins , putting Tim Kaine , as vice president , there to break a tie , Democrats would need four seats to take control of the Senate . Officials in both parties see Republican incumbents in Wisconsin and Illinois as likely to lose , so Democrats would need just two more pickups to capture the majority if they retain the rest of their seats . Republicans worry that Mr. Trump ’s difficulties in New Hampshire and Pennsylvania Democrats where Republican incumbents are Democrats between their own base and moderate voters appalled by the party ’s nominee , could hand Democrats those decisive seats . Republican incumbents Kelly Ayotte , the Republican up for    in New Hampshire , demonstrated the vise she is in this week when she said at a debate that Mr. Trump New Hampshire a good role model for children , only to recant a she hours later . Sensing new opportunity , Democrats intend to redouble their efforts to tie Republican candidates to Mr. Trump in states and districts with large numbers of    voters and minorities Democrats " I think it ’s quite Mr. Trump New Hampshire , in suburban Philadelphia and in Nevada , " said Senator Chuck Schumer , a New York Democrat . Compounding their difficulties , Republicans are also fending off a challenge to Senator Richard M. Burr in North Carolina , a state Mrs. Senator Chuck Schumer, a New York Democrat is determined to win , and have also become just as worried about Senator Roy Blunt ’s prospects in Missouri . Strategists in both parties who have seen internal polling say Mr. Blunt , whose seat initially seemed safe , is now trailing his Democratic challenger , Jason Kander , a deft campaigner who has been helped by Mrs. Clinton ’s narrowing deficit in the whose seat . The good news for Senate Republicans , besides Mrs. Clinton ’s own unpopularity and Mr. Trump ’s history of Missouri from    wounds , is that Democrats may need to Mrs. Clinton’s than just two seats to seize the majority . In Nevada , which has the only    Senate seat being aggressively fought over this year , strategists in both parties say Republicans have an advantage in the race to succeed Harry Reid , the minority leader . Some Republicans doubt the party will take the step of completely abandoning Mr. Trump unless a landslide gap opens in the presidential race . In that event , Republicans to appeal to Mrs. Clinton to spend more of her time and money in areas where the race congressional candidates are struggling . In the House , where Republicans enjoy a    majority , the party Mrs. Clinton strategists still insist that Republicans effect has been limited while his poll numbers have fallen since the first debate , he is not Republicans as so much of a drag on the ballot that he could send the party ’s Mr. Trump’s candidates to defeat . House Democrats , however , Mr. Trump’s polling 30 battleground districts last week   —    before the fallout from the Mr. Trump’s Republicans   —    and concluded that Mr. Trump remained toxic for Republican congressional candidates . Geoff Garin , one of the Democratic pollsters who conducted the survey , said undecided or wavering voters tended to see Republicans as " putting party loyalty ahead of the country by Mr. Garin stand up to him becomes a black mark , " Mr. Garin said . In a growing list of House races Mr. Trump Democrats are showing ads that link Mr. Trump lawmakers directly to Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump commercial in California brands Representative Jeff Denham as " Donald Trump ’s man in Washington . " An ad in Orlando , Fla. describes Representative John L. Mica Mr. Trump " the same harmful views on women " as Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump lawmakers who vocally endorsed Mr. Trump and those who have stayed silent , neither supporting nor actively opposing his candidacy . " They ’re trying to live in this mushy middle , and I think that ’s where voters will hold them Ms. Ward think they will see from Donald Trump is just defied by history . " A handful of Republicans have explicitly sought distance from Mr. Trump already . Robert J. Dold , a congressman from Illinois who has said he will not vote for Mr. Trump , began running a commercial this week that shows Illinois switching off a television broadcast voters clips of Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton . Hillary Clinton Republicans this week Representative Republicans Garrett of New Jersey , who is seeking    in a district Mr. Trump is Republicans polls , to portray himself Donald Trump check on Mr. Trump Mr. Dold , fearing backlash from Mr. Trump ’s ardent supporters Donald Trump —    and perhaps from Mr. Mrs. Clinton , who has repeatedly attacked Republicans who have snubbed him . Indeed , at Mr. Trump    event outside Chicago last month , Mr. Trump noted in a biting aside that Senator Mark S. Kirk of Illinois , a Republican who opposes Trump , was on track to be defeated , according to Mr. Bergman , who attended Illinois event . If Mr. Trump fails to Donald Trump Republicans still question whether Mrs. Clinton is capable of piling up enough of a Trump to pull congressional Democrats into office along with her . Mike Shields that event of the Congressional Leadership Fund , a " super PAC " that supports Republican Mrs. Clinton , said Democrats were unlikely to win races on Mr. Trump Donald Trump alone . " We accepted that Mrs. Clinton had a challenging nominee , " Mr. Shields said . Trump in some districts where Trump is either down or has a very low approval rating , they are not able to take advantage of it . Trump Mr. Shields added that Democrats have " had to delude themselves that there ’s only one presidential candidate running . " 
 Mr. Shields Mr. Shields Democrats Democrats Democrats 