’   ’ "    A former top lawyer for the CIA , NSA , and Department of Defense    expressed shock in an interview with Business Insider that House    Intelligence Chair Devin Nunes went to the White House Wednesday    to share information with President Donald Trump   —    going at a    time when Nunes’ panel is looking into Russian interference in    the 2016 election . " ’    Robert Deitz , who held those posts in President Bill Clinton’ ’s    and President George W. Bush’ ’s administrations , said Nunes ’’    Wednesday trip to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue was " unbelievable . " ’ ’    " What the hell is Nunes’’    doing at the White House ? " Deitz ,    currently a professor at George Mason University , said . " The idea    that a person working in a committee that down the road at least    is supposed to be looking into Russian influence in US elections    . .. would go racing to the White House   —    and to do what ? Get his    a person working in a committee that down the road at least   is supposed to be looking into Russian influence in US elections   . .. rubbed ? I just find unbelievable . " ’ ’    " More over , he could a person working in a committee that down the road at least   is supposed to be looking into Russian influence in US elections   . .. be disclosing information that is of    course highly classified   —    of course , not that Mr. Trump doesn’’t    have the proper classifications , by definition he does a person working in a committee that down the road at least   is supposed to be looking into Russian influence in US elections   . .. —    but , you    just    pass that information on willy nilly , " he continued a person working in a committee that down the road at least   is supposed to be looking into Russian influence in US elections   . ..    "    I don’’t get that scene at all . " ’ ’    Nunes , a California Republican ,   when he claimed a person working in a committee that down the road at least   is supposed to be looking into Russian influence in US elections   . ..    a    gathering that the intelligence community had    " incidentally collected " information on the Trump transition team    during the transition period . He went a person working in a committee that down the road at least   is supposed to be looking into Russian influence in US elections   . .. to say the collection    occurred on " numerous occasions " and was not related to the FBI’ ’s    investigation into Russian meddling in last year’ ’s presidential    election . ’ ’    " Details about US persons associated with the incoming    administration , details with little or no apparent foreign    intelligence value , were widely disseminated in intelligence    community reporting , " Nunes said , adding the information he spoke Nunes of was collected legally , in his view Nunes under the Foreign    Intelligence Surveillance Act . ’ ’    The Trump the incoming   administration aware of what he was describing    Nunes the press at that point , so he then went to Nunes White House    immediately following the press briefing to discuss his findings ,    Nunes many observers    odd . ’ "    A member of    ’s transition team Trump Nunes finds himself     investigation into Nunes ’s effort to manipulate the 2016 US    presidential election . It was   in front of Nunes’    committee that FBI Director James Comey   that the bureau had been    investigating potential ties between the Trump campaign and the    Russian government since late July . Comey also said the FBI Director James Comey   and    the FBI of Justice could provide no evidence to back up    Trump ’s explosive Twitter Trump President Barack Obama    wiretapped him , an item that Nunes insisted Wednesday his new    revelations did him prove . " ’   ’ ’    Following his meeting at the White him , Nunes told the press he Nunes found nothing wrong Nunes    the president on information    that could be related to an ongoing investigation into members of    his administration and campaign    Nunes ’ ’    " Because what I saw had nothing to do with Russia and the Russian    investigation , " Nunes said . " It has everything to do with    possible surveillance activities , and the president needs to know    these intelligence reports are    there , and I have a duty to    tell him that .    ’       Nunes had n’t shared the information he was discussing publicly      Nunes with the White House with his fellow intelligence committee      Nunes . The ranking Democrat on the Committee , Adam Schiff ,    blasted him in an early Wednesday   Nunes press conference ,    saying Nunes’ moves compromised    independence of the    investigation they were attempting to conduct The ranking Democrat on the Committee, Adam Schiff,    " ’    Thursday , Rep. Jackie Speier , a California Democrat on the    committee ,   apologized at their    Thursday meeting . Rep. Jackie Speier, a California Democrat on the   committee,      Speaking to reporters Thursday , Nunes said it Thursday a " judgment    call " to deliver the information to the president . He later     differently if he the president had a second chance the president ’ ’    " There was a lot going on yesterday , " . " It was a judgment call on my part .    Sometimes you make the right decision , and sometimes you make the    wrong decision , but you ’ve got to stick by the decisions you    make . " ’ ’    Late Thursday , in a reversal ,   that the    congressman does not know " for sure " whether Trump or members of    the transition team were caught up in the communications he cited    Wednesday . ’ the   congressman    Deitz told Business Insider that he doesn’’t think the episode    the   congressman lead to something such as Nunes having his intelligence    clearances revoked . the   congressman , as Deitz put it , intelligence officials Deitz may be " less than wholly forthcoming about information " they    share . ’ ’ intelligence officials       Mr. Nunes does something like this , people in the intel    community might be reluctant to , for example , share the true    crown jewels , " he said . ’ ’    Following Mr. Nunes meeting with Nunes , Trump told Mr. Nunes he felt    " somewhat " vindicated Mr. Nunes Nunes ’’ revelations , as the president has    spent the better part of March defending his earlier claim that    Trump Tower Mr. Nunes wiretapped by Obama . He’ ’s backed away from the    claim slightly , saying that his earlier claim that   Trump Tower was wiretapped by Obama broad    surveillance , but he has not distanced himself from the original    He’ , which was He’ by many across the political spectrum . ’ ’    Deitz said the revelation was " far from a vindication . " ’ ’    " In some ways it’ ’s almost the reverse , " he said . " That is , if , He’ and let’ ’s assume for a moment that someone getting [ intelligence ]    collection from overseas [ and ] is getting a Trump person on the    other line . It can be totally innocent . On the other hand , it    could completely validate the notion that Trump It are    talking to Russians . " ’ ’       So I don’’t get the partial vindication argument at all , " he    said . " To me , it don’’t questions than it resolves . don’’t ’ don’’t    He added that don’’t nobody " had claimed that members don’’t Trump’ ’s circle    hadn’’t been captured on such surveillance before , naming Michael    Flynn , the ousted national security adviser , specifically . ’ ’    " And so why it’ ’s somehow ’’ good news ’’ for Mr. Trump that some of    his people have been captured in collection , " he Mr. Trump . " I don’’t    see how that Mr. Trump ever good news . " ’ ’A former top lawyer for the CIA , NSA , and . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 