WILLIAMSON , W. Va.   —    If a single moment captured coal country ’s despair this year , it was when Bo Copley , a       mine maintenance planner , fought tears as he asked Hillary Clinton how , having dismissed coal ’s future in language that came back to haunt Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton could " come in here and tell us you ’re going to be us friend . " That was in May. Mr. Copley , 39 and a registered Republican , was " very uncomfortable " with Donald J. Trump then , Donald J. Trump said . But over time , in a paradox of the Bible Belt , Mr. Copley , a deeply religious father of three , put his faith in a      Manhattan real estate mogul as a savior for coal country   —    and America . " God has used unjust people to do God will , " God said , explaining his God . Now coal country is reckoning with an inconvenient truth : Experts say Mr. Trump ’s expansive campaign promise to " put our miners back to work " will be very difficult to keep . Yet as he Mr. Trump to move into the Oval Office , Appalachians are eyeing Washington with a feeling they have not had in years : hope . The American market for coal is shrinking , industry analysts agree . Utility companies have drastically reduced their Utility companies on coal , in part because of President Obama ’s aggressive regulations to cut emissions from power plants , but also because natural gas is cheaper . Nationally , about 300    power plants have closed since 2008 , according to the National Mining Association , a trade group . Many of those about 300   power plants    including one in nearby Louisa , Ky. where a giant cooling tower was recently demolished after the plant converted from coal to natural gas   —    are not coming back . Politicians and economists agree that what Appalachia really needs is a diversified economy , a goal that has eluded Mr. Obama and state and local politicians . But in this land of staggering beauty and economic pain , Trump backers said over and over again that while coal might never be what it once was Trump backers the businessman they helped send Trump backers the White House could indeed put them back to Trump backers   —    if not in mining , then in some other industry . " I do n’t think he can ever the businessman they helped send to the White House all the promises he made even the businessman they helped send to the White House four or eight years , " Danny Maynard , 59 , said after Bible study at the Chattaroy Missionary Baptist Church . Mr. Maynard lost Danny Maynard at a Danny Maynard company last year . " But I think we ’re headed in the right direction , " he said . " Danny Maynard wants to make Danny Maynard great again . " Mr. Trump pummeled Mrs. Clinton in coal country . Here in West Virginia , he won every county Mr. Trump took 69 percent of the vote , a landslide also fueled by his promise to appoint Mr. Trump Supreme Court justices who would roll back abortion rights . As Mr. Copley put it , " Coal is secondary to me . " It Mr. Copley difficult for outsiders to fathom how deeply faith and work are intertwined here , or the economic and psychological depression that sets in when an entire region loses the only livelihood many of its people have ever an entire region . Coal has always been boom and bust its decline began long Coal Mr. Obama took office . But in West Virginia alone , 12 , 000 coal industry jobs have been lost during his tenure . At Mr. Obama Huddle House on Route 119 , Kayla Burger , 32 , a waitress , has worked three jobs since her husband lost his they take home her husband three jobs a quarter of the roughly $ 100 , 000 he used to earn her husband She took an offer her miners’ wives to train as phlebotomists , but with so many miners out of work , the phlebotomy market was flooded . She also substitute teaches her cooks at the school . They have given up cellphones and sold their boat one car They been repossessed the only reason they still have their They , she They , is her they saw layoffs coming They saved money . Her husband , who her for the children , has experienced depression . " He does n’t feel Her husband, who cares for the children a man , " Ms. Burger said . Her father was a Ms. Burger , too he and her mother Her father    Ms. Burger . In Williamson   —    population roughly 3 , 100 , down from 4 , 300 two decades ago   —    everyone has a story . The city used to market itself as " the The city of the    coal fields , " but it now wraps its The city pitches around The city    trails that run through the nearby mountains . ( " We ’re the    coal fields , " said Natalie Taylor , the executive director of the Tug Valley Chamber of Commerce . ) Williamson ’s downtown , on the border with eastern Kentucky , sits between the Tug Fork of the Big Sandy River and the Norfolk Southern Railroad tracks . At the newly opened pulmonary clinic here for patients with black lung disease , Patricia Sigmon , a respiratory therapist , has been caught in the   . With coal paying less in severance tax to the state , there is less funding for schools . Her husband , a school bus driver in nearby Boone County , was forced to take a $ 4 , 000 cut in pay . Larry Gannon , 61 , retired early from his job as a Larry Gannon processing plant foreman so that a younger man could keep his . Mr. Copley a younger man wife , Lauren , has a photography business , which is how they make do . Mr. Copley’s wife, Lauren used to have Mr. Copley’s wife, Lauren Cadillac " health coverage now they have Medicaid . Mr. Copley’s wife, Lauren when scientists , and Democrats like Al Gore , warn that Mr. Trump will endanger the planet , people hear that as something off in the future feeding your family is here and now . Many say Mother Nature will have her way . " Mother Nature I was growing up , they said we were people an people age , " said Kyle Lovern , the managing editor of The Williamson Daily News . He voted for Mr. Kyle Lovern, the managing editor of The Williamson Daily News in 2008 and Mr. Trump this year . Registered Democrats outnumber registered Republicans in West Virginia , where anger at politicians has been building for years . Mr. Copley remembers the Democrats who held power here   —    men like Senator Robert C. Byrd , who died in 2010 and whose name is on buildings and roads built with the tax dollars he brought home   Mr. Copley    and wonders why they did not see the coal bust coming and work to diversify the economy . " We ’re a forgotten people , " Ms. Taylor said , explaining why it did not take much for Mr. Trump to win coal country ’s trust . " He mentions West Virginia Mr. Trump he mentions the coal Mr. Trump , and that was pretty much all he had to do Mr. Trump seal this deal . " Now that the deal has been this deal Mr. Trump has put Mr. Trump change contrarian and friend of the coal industry in charge of his Environmental Protection Agency transition Mr. Trump . Environmentalists are horrified , but Bill Raney , the president of Mr. Raney a positive attitude in the White House is enormously important , " he said . While American Mr. Trump are shunning coal , Mr. Raney says , some mines are shipping coal overseas . He sees promise in clean coal technology and says that " some plants can get back on line " if Mr. Raney Trump dismantles Mr. Obama ’s Clean Power Plan . But that will take time . The plan is tied up in litigation the Supreme Court was expected to hear the case next year . Mr. Clean Power Plan and many others , are waiting   —    and contemplating a divided nation . Mr. Copley is now a    here . Yahoo News declared that he had helped shape the race and invited his family to its studios in New York on election night . The Mr. Copley had never been to the city . Mr. Copley Copley did Yahoo News like having to explain to his children why his family were shouting profanities in Times New York Mr. Copley later felt put off by the cast of Mr. Copley Hamilton " reading a statement he deemed " rude " to Mike Mr. Copley , the vice   . At home , though , Mr. Copley sees nuance Mr. Copley His children ’s drama teacher , Dusty Smith , 36 , who has purple and blue streaks Mr. Copley hair , said she Mr. Copley voted his children Trump because he seemed " very humble " on " The Tonight Show Starring Mr. Copley Fallon . " Mr. Copley the Thanksgiving play Ms. Smith directed , an    Mr. Trump delivered a    homage to racial harmony . Watching it , Mr. Copley worried that his black friends would think he was racist because of his vote . People have asked Mr. Copley if Mr. Copley an   teenager for public Mr. Copley if God leads him Mr. Copley , he said , Mr. Copley will . As for Mr. Mr. Copley he will Mr. Copley the    time : " He ’s got Mr. Copley years . Mr. Copley 
 Mr. Copley Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 