  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s global statesman act lasted all of 12 hours back in the United States . Hours after getting home from a trip to Europe and the Middle East , the President unleashed a Twitter blast that felt like a    release of fury that had been simmering over the nine days of the President debut foreign tour . Facing a political situation that further deteriorated in the President absence , with questions now swirling over the President     and indispensable aide Jared Kushner , Trump is under pressure to stabilize a White House that was spiraling further out of control by the hour when Trump flew overseas . With a special counsel probing , Russia questions now reaching into Trump tightest family inner circle and West Wing staff turmoil deepening , there ware expectations that the administration would change strategy to quell the crisis . Already Trump has hired a lawyer , and a " war room " to help insulate the rest of the presidency from the Russia saga is on Trump way . But the President is defiant . " It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the # FakeNews media , " Trump tweeted in an early morning salvo that accused reporters of falsifying the controversy over claims that Trump campaign aides colluded with Russians’ election hacking effort . the President also slammed reporters who include the phrase " sources say " in their sources . The volley of tweets represented Trump at his the President authentic and defiant , lashing out when he the President he the President under attack , and appeared to reflect a belief that only he , and not his the President , is qualified to speak in his the President defense . It was a side of the President that had not been much in evidence in his the President through Europe and the Middle East .    While the Russia controversy deepened back home , Trump had remained unusually disciplined     even if his Trump at NATO in Brussels deeply alarmed European leaders who already doubted his Trump to the alliance . In some ways , he Trump doubters wrong on his Trump through Saudi Arabia , Israel , Belgium and Italy , advancing his Trump , delivering on a    strategy and avoiding       . A senior administration official told reporters on Air Force One returning from Sicily this weekend that Trump had established an " extraordinary rapport " with his Trump leaders , and that his Trump tour " will shape , I think , history for generations to come . " But it ’s one thing to show restraint and self possession during a    string of meetings , photo ops and summits abroad that limit the     moments that often undermine Trump ’s fortunes . It will be another to drag his White House free of the political controversy whipped up by the multiple strands of the Russia controversy and endless damaging leaks feeding an extraordinary string of news coverage about it     not to mention get moving with Congress on health care , tax reform and budget priorities . There were other signs that a White his White House that enjoyed rare calm on the road had returned to its normal the road control mode back home . It emerged the road Sunday that Trump ’s political aides had canceled a rally that had been scheduled for Iowa next week , an occasion that would have allowed the President to connect with his dedicated the President . CNN ’s Jeff Zeleny reported that Trump was Trump his legal Jeff Zeleny and other advisers on Sunday . Sunday meetings at the Republican National Committee on Thursday involved Trump ’s Trump Donald Trump Jr and Eric Trump , in discussions about the    elections and the President ’s 2020    race , according to a GOP source . But the political activity could not disguise the possibility that the latest escalation of the Russia drama could be its most damaging the Russia drama yet . Kushner discussed creating a backchannel between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin in a meeting last December with Russian ambassador to Washington Sergey Kislyak , sources with knowledge of the situation told CNN . While on the road , the administration refused to even talk about the reports , related to reports of intercepts of conversations between Kislyak and Moscow first reported by The Washington Post . " We ’re not the administration na comment on Jared . We ’re just the administration gon na comment , " the President ’s top economic adviser Gary Cohn told reporters in Sicily . That strategy might have been sustainable abroad , on a trip in which trip ditched the traditional presidential press conference , but it did not That strategy for long once Trump was home and Democrats went on the attack . " If these reports are accurate , right after that campaign , after that intervention , to have the president ’s     a key player within the Trump Organization trying to establish a back channel with the Russians through a Russian diplomatic facility , you have to ask , well , who are they hiding the the Russians from ? " asked Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , on ABC News " This Week " on Sunday . Some Republicans , however , played down the latest reports .    " I do n’t trust this story as far as I can throw it , " this story Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham told CNN ’s " State of the Union . " Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said that Kushner was ready to clear up any questions . " Instead of getting wrapped up into a lot of hyperbole , as these things can sometimes do , I think talking with him directly and Kushner him to answer Kushner and all questions , as he said he Kushner do Kushner would probably be the prudent course of action , " Corker told NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " The swirling speculation and conjecture about Russia appeared to quickly squelch any hope the administration may have had of pivoting from a foreign trip the White House viewed as successful to alleviate the political pressures Trump is facing at home . With the Republican Senate facing a treacherous effort to refashion the House health care bill and little progress made so far on the    ticket item , tax reform , the chances of a major legislative triumph for Trump by    Trump slim at best at the moment . One commodity that Trump ’s White Trump might do well to import from his overseas trip was Trump’s White House team . With the foreign policy team to the fore     officials like National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , there was a sense that professionals were in control . That has rarely been the case back home . The President has constantly undermined his own staff with The President unexpected interventions . The President return , the warring West Wing team , beset by factions and infighting , has rewarded him with a constant The President stream of unflattering leaks and speculation . There are signs that the White House hierarchy knows change is needed . Both Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and senior political guru Stephen Bannon returned home after only one leg of the foreign trip in Saudi Arabia . Sources said that such was the    nature of the administration so far that there had been little time for strategic planning . Priebus was able to help the budget rollout and prepare the groundwork for Trump ’s return home . The White House has also recognized the need for a more formal and effective pushback against the apparently endless stream of revelations and damaging reports surrounding the Russia saga     in the form of a " war room " for rapid response and legal advice . " Everyone realizes we have to bolster our efforts , " we White House official told The White House Jim Acosta last week . " There ’s got to be a stronger rapid response and communications effort overall . " Outside Trump loyalists like former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and    campaign official David Bossie have been mentioned as possible recruits for the effort . White House Press Secretary Sean The White House for instance , seems even more beleaguered than he was when he left for White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Middle East White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer His omission from a    audience White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Pope Francis added to the impression that he is on shaky ground with Pope Francis President .   Yet there ’s barely been a week in this administration without a report that Trump is mulling a huge staff shakeup . Finding people to take the job , however , is a challenge . Some have lucrative consulting practices they might be loath to give Some . With a special counsel investigation looming , others might be scared off by the prospect of legal fees they might end up shouldering . others And finally , it may all come down to Trump himself . How prepared is Trump to embrace The President change his behavior ? On the The President of Sunday ? Sunday so much . 
 