Amidst the media hubbub around Donald Trump ’s new accusers , Hillary Clinton campaigned this week with a man who has faced several accusations of sexual assault   —    not former President Bill Clinton , but former Vice President Al Gore . [ Hillary Clinton appeared with former Vice President Al Gore in Miami on Tuesday , focusing Hillary Clinton remarks on climate change . Notably , neither mentioned the accusations against Trump , which Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton surrogates have mentioned at nearly every other opportunity in the past several days .   Clinton and her surrogates likely avoided the topic for a very good reason : former Vice President Al Gore has been accused of worse , and has even faced police investigation for sexual assault , though ( he former Vice President Al Gore never been charged ) . As the Business Insider reported in 2010 : Former Vice President Al Gore has been hit by new allegations of sexual assault . This time , it This time two more massage therapists bringing the charges . The former VP is already in hot water , fighting abuse claims in Portland , where another masseuse said Gore Former Vice President Al Gore her another masseuse ’06 and asked her another masseuse perform a " chakra release " (   for " hand job " . ) He Former Vice President Al Gore everything . The new allegations are said to have taken place at two hotels   —    one in Beverly Hills in 2007 , when Gore Former Vice President Al Gore in Hollywood for the Oscars , the other in Tokyo in 2008 . A source from the luxury hotel in Beverly Beverly Hills The Enquirer : " The therapist claimed that when they were alone , Gore Former Vice President Al Gore off a towel and stood naked in front of her . " He Former Vice President Al Gore propositioned her for her sexual act , according to The Enquirer The Enquirer accuser called Gore Former Vice President Al Gore " crazed sex poodle . " In their reporting on the joint    appearance , the media ignored the allegations against Gore Former Vice President Al Gore even as he Former Vice President Al Gore the stage with Hillary Clinton . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him Former Vice President Al Gore Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 