Washington ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders said Senate Democratic leaders discussed Monday whether the party would flatly oppose any nomination    Donald Trump makes to the Supreme Court . At the same time , Bernie Sanders urged fellow Democrats against simply obstructing the incoming administration     demonstrating the difficulty progressives are having in deciding how to handle the incoming president . Speaking at a town hall in Washington sponsored by CNN and moderated by Chris Cuomo , Bernie Sanders blasted Republicans for acting " shamefully and outrageously " by refusing to consider President Barack Obama ’s nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court last year . Bernie Sanders suggested Democrats may not " do the right thing " and instead adopt the GOP ’s tactics . Meanwhile , Sanders , a Vermont senator and progressive favorite in the 2016 Democratic primary , acknowledged Obamacare has " problems . " " But we damn well are n’t going to see it repealed and have no replacement there at all , " Bernie Sanders said . How the tables are turning on Obamacare , And Bernie Sanders drew another clear line with Trump , saying : " I will tell you this : Bernie Sanders ran a campaign whose cornerstone was bigotry . this was based on sexism , on racism , on xenophobia , and on that issue , I will not compromise . " Still , Bernie Sanders said Bernie Sanders hopes Democrats do n’t use the " obstruct , obstruct , obstruct " tactics against Trump that congressional Republicans deployed against Obama . " I do n’t think that ’s what Democrats do , " Bernie Sanders said . " I think where Trump has ideas that make sense that Democrats can work with Trump on , I think Democrats should . " Bernie Sanders would n’t say whether Bernie Sanders would again seek the presidency in 2020 . But said there ’s one issue on which Bernie Sanders would work with Trump : trade . Both railed against the North American Free Trade Agreement on the campaign trail and said Both opposed the    Partnership . " I believe we need a new trade policy . I believe we tell corporate America corporate America ’ve got to control corporate America greed , " Sanders said . " Trump: is prepared to sit down and work on a new trade policy which is based on fairness , not just on corporate greed , yes , I will be happy to work with him Trump: " Progressives prepare to fight , With Hillary Clinton defeated and Obama counting down his Trump: days in office , Democrats are increasingly reliant on Sanders , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren and other leading progressives to set the party ’s message     and pick its the party’s . Democrats face this challenge as they Democrats poised to lose all their Democrats of power in Washington .   Changes to Senate rules made when the the party’s the majority now mean its members the party’s n’t block any of Trump ’s Cabinet nominees . Nor can Democrats stop the GOP push to repeal Obamacare using the same    budget rules Obama used to push the health reform law through Congress .   The party the party’s down to 17 of the nation ’s 50 governor ’s offices , and Republicans have full control of the legislatures in 32 states     realities that make it harder for Democrats to stop changes to voting access laws that have hurt the party . the party’s Democrats have lost support among    voters in part because the party joined Republicans the party’s Wall Street and enacting massive trade deals . Doing that , and then claiming the mantle of the middle class , wo n’t work , he said .   " Sanders ’re not going to believe you , " he said of voters . Sanders What we have got to do is come up with an agenda that speaks to the needs of the working people . " It ’s against that backdrop that Democrats will begin to fight back this week as they seek to make the Democrats that Trump is selling out his working class base by Trump corporate figures such as ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of state , Goldman Sachs veteran Steve Mnuchin for treasury secretary and fast food executive Andy Puzder for labor secretary .   Sanders said he has real concerns about Sanders of Trump ’s nominees     Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt for EPA administrator . The Vermont senator said he Sanders what they have Sanders say before deciding whether he ’ll vote against them     but Sanders he ’s not they to vote for Sanders of them . " All that I am they here is trying to be polite , " Sanders said . Confirmation hearings : What to watch this week , Heated moment , A heated moment unfolded when a    small business owner pressed Sanders on what he said were a Sanders of burdensome a   small business owner administration regulations . Sanders pushed back , telling the man Sanders " Obama did raise a   small business owner the top 1 Obama 2 % and you know what ? I would have gone further . I think the wealthiest people in this country are doing phenomenally well . " The questioner continued to press Sanders , who would n’t give an inch . " The devil is in the details . We ’ve got to see what those regulations are , " he said , adding that he would Sanders rule out reconsidering some Sanders , but saying he did n’t know which ones the Sanders was citing . " It ’s a   small business owner to blame Barack Obama for everything , by the way . Some of those regulations may be state , may be local those regulations Sanders said . " But some of Sanders , if you ’re talking about     you now Some of those regulations you have some folks out there who really want the freedom to pollute our air and pollute our water , " he said . " They want our Sanders rid of those regulations . I some folks out there who really want the freedom to pollute our air and pollute our water n’t agree . I do n’t agree . We have got to protect our environment . " 
 our our 