Washington ( CNN ) House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi cast doubt Tuesday on congressional Republicans’ and    Donald Trump ’s plans to rollback Obamacare . " I do n’t think they are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told a group of reporters in House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi office on Capitol Hill Tuesday . Trump and congressional Republicans have said one of Trump and congressional Republicans first priorities in 2017 will be to dismantle the current health care law . Trump and congressional Republicans say Trump and congressional Republicans plan to retain some of the most popular planks of the current health care law , such as barring insurers from denying coverage to those with    conditions and allowing those who want to remain on Trump and congressional Republicans parents’ health care plans until age 26 .       Pelosi argued that the practical effect of leaving those provisions in place and peeling away the other parts of the law wo n’t work because of the costs . " You ca n’t keep them the practical effect of leaving those provisions in place and peeling away the other parts of the law won’t work because of the costs You ca n’t afford them the practical effect of leaving those provisions in place and peeling away the other parts of the law won’t work because of the costs the cost would be so astronomical , " Pelosi Pelosi , noting the motivation for creating the system was to address the spiraling costs of medical care . Defending Obamacare ’s structure , she Pelosi : " it ’s all cheaper the more people that are in the pool . Everybody is healthier the more people that are in the the pool " " They say the more people that are in the pool ’re the more people that are in the pool to keep ’this , this and this,’ and they ’ll the more people that are in the pool out that they will the more people that are in the pool it as at a cost to the policy holder , " she Pelosi of Republicans’ intentions , stressing that " cost to the policyholder is one of the thing that they are the more people that are in the pool to . " The House minority leader said there have been no discussions to date with GOP leaders about their plans GOP leaders overhaul the law , but said there could be some collaboration . " We know that there were many compromises made to pass the Affordable Care Act . There can be other compromises made to preserve it . And depending on how far that goes that may be something that we can work together on , because we are we , " she said . But the California Democrat , who helped muscle through the law in 2009 without any Republican votes , made it clear that she and she colleagues she continually remind the public about the consequences of changing the health care law or entitlement programs such as Medicare or Social Security that provide support for millions of Americans . " We will fight them on millions of Americans removing millions of Americans guarantee of Medicare , Medicare Pelosi said . She pointed Pelosi the upcoming 2017 session will be similar to the fights that Hill Democrats had with President George W. Bush in 2005 and 2006 when he proposed President George W. Bush Social Security Social Security It is our responsibility and opportunity to make those differentiations and we will , our Pelosi said . Pelosi After John Kerry ’s loss in 2004 some were predicting a " permanent Republican majority , " she added , Pelosi she and other Pelosi crafted a message to highlight the party ’s efforts to protect programs that helped    voters . " We see an enhanced role , " Pelosi said of Pelosi Democrats , arguing that after eight years of President Barack Obama in the White House the ability of Democratic leaders message was diminished . She said that Pelosi and her Pelosi counterpart Pelosi Chuck Schumer of New York , will be making the contrast with the GOP and the policies . " Our big leverage she and her Senate counterpart, Chuck Schumer of New York, will be making the contrast with the GOP and the policies with the public , " the House minority Pelosi alluded that those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy may find out that some of the policies his administration could put in place Pelosi not be in line with what they really wanted . " Someone those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy the analogy that it ’s like telling someone they married the wrong person or those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy art is fake , " those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy said , adding , " They bought it . They ’ll those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy out it or those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy whether they made a mistake . " those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy Right now they do n’t want to be those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy that they made a mistake . But they made a mistake their Medicare , their job , those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy minimum wage those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy and the those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy of that     their Social Security     they ’ll those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy whether they got those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy they thought they those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy buying , those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy Pelosi those who voted for Trump with a focus on the economy . She said women in particular may be surprised by Pelosi Republicans’ efforts addressing abortion .    " They do n’t think that Roe v. Wade is women in particular risk , but it is , " she added . 
 Pelosi Roe v. Wade 