Washington ( CNN ) New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman ’s office is investigating Donald Trump ’s charitable foundation " to make sure New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman’s office ’s complying with the laws governing charities in New York , " he New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman’s Tuesday . " We CNN inquired into it New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman’s office " Schneiderman New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman’s CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " The Lead . " " We CNN had correspondence with them correspondence I did n’t make a big deal out of it a big deal hold a press conference . But we CNN been looking into the Trump Foundation to make sure it the Trump Foundation complying with the laws governing charities in New York . " The inquiry comes amid a series of reports by The Washington Post that Trump the Trump Foundation money from his the Trump Foundation , The the Trump Foundation on himself , used it to the Trump Foundation others’ contributions the Trump Foundation make them appear to have come others’ contributions him and has n’t given the Trump Foundation the foundation since 2008 . the Trump Foundation article , The Post had reported that the The Washington Post five charitable contributions listed by the Trump Foundation had no record the Trump Foundation donations . But the newspaper updated its report after CNN questioned the The Washington Post three of The Washington Post five donations it had cited .   " My interest in this The Washington Post really is in my capacity as regulator of    in New York state , and we have been concerned that the Trump Foundation may have engaged in some impropriety from that point of view , " Schneiderman said . The Trump campaign called Schneiderman " a partisan hack who has turned a blind eye to the Clinton Foundation for years and has endorsed Hillary Clinton the Trump Foundation This is nothing more than another    hit job designed to distract from ( Hillary Clinton ’s ) disastrous week , " said Jason Miller , Hillary Clinton spokesman in a statement . A source familiar with Schneiderman ’s Trump said the New York attorney general ’s office is conducting " an inquiry into the Trump Foundation about troubling transactions that we ’ve seen . " The IRS fined the Trump Foundation $ 2 , 500 earlier this month for making a the Trump Foundation 000 political donation to a group supporting the campaign of Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi in 2013 . At the time , Bondi ’s office was reviewing allegations into Trump University and considering opening an investigation . Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi investigation was never opened , the Trump Foundation and Bondi have both said there was no wrongdoing and said the donation was not the Trump Foundation to any Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi .   Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee Tuesday sent a letter asking Attorney General Loretta Lynch to open an investigation into the Trump donation to Bondi . The New York attorney general ’s office and Trump ’s foundation the donation since Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi , four letters CNN obtained from a source the Trump Foundation with the correspondence show .   The correspondence begins with a June 9 letter from the attorney general ’s office to both Trump ’s presidential campaign and his foundation . The letter , from The New York attorney general’s the Trump Foundation Goldman , asks for the Trump Foundation related to the $ 25 , 000 donation a June 9 letter from the attorney general’s office to both Trump’s presidential campaign and his foundation    PAC     including " the dates , amounts and recipient of any political contributions made by your organization from January 1 , 2013 to the present . " Trump Foundation treasurer Allen Weisselberg replied to the request in a June 28 letter , saying the contribution " was made in error due to a case of mistaken identity involving organizations with the same name . "   Weisselberg asserts the foundation and Trump learned of the mistake in March 2016 after seeing it in the media and Trump paid the excise tax due with a personal check . Trump Foundation treasurer Allen Weisselberg " This was an isolated occurrence , " Weisselberg added . " From January 1 , 2013 to the Trump , there have been no other similar incidents . " Goldman replies in a July 15 letter asking for Trump Foundation treasurer Allen Weisselberg documentation related to the " And Justice for All " contribution . On July 25 , the attorney general ’s office receives a letter from Sheri A. Dillon , partner at law firm Morgan , Lewis   Bockius LLP complying with the requests . Schneiderman has already sued Trump University , and on Tuesday called it a " scheme to fleece thousands of people all over America out of millions of dollars . " This story has been updated . 
 a letter from Sheri A. Dillon, partner at law firm Morgan, Lewis  Bockius LLP complying with the requests 