  ( CNN ) Dr. Jill Stein is without a doubt a bold progressive leader . But let ’s face reality : A vote for Dr. Jill Stein is a vote to elect Donald Trump . In a September 2016 NBC    Street    poll , when registered voters were given the choice between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump , 46 % chose Clinton Hillary Clinton 41 % chose Trump Donald Trump But when Jill Dr. Jill Stein Gary Johnson were added as options , 9 % of registered voters chose Johnson and Gary Johnson % chose Stein . Dr. Jill Stein Trump ’s Donald Trump two points to 39 % . But Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton Her support Hillary Clinton 5 points to 41 % .   In Arizona , a state in play in this election that the Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton making a strong effort to win , early September polling shows Clinton at Hillary Clinton % and Trump at 40 Donald Trump registered voters . But when Stein and Johnson are options ?   Arizonans throw 13 % of their support behind Johnson Arizonans 4 % Johnson Stein     and give Stein each to Clinton and Hillary Clinton , cutting Clinton Donald Trump Hillary Clinton lead down to a statistical dead heat . It ’s clear     at least in these two states     that support for Johnson and Stein most clearly Johnson Clinton Stein Hillary Clinton Trump . In a Donald Trump Quinnipiac poll last week , millennial likely voters supported Clinton over Hillary Clinton by a    Donald Trump . But when Stein and Johnson were included Johnson and Stein , Clinton received Hillary Clinton 31 % support by likely voters between 18 and 34 . Upon further analysis , it ’s clear that Stein is the one mostly Stein votes away from Clinton . Hillary Clinton understandably sees herself as Stein the baton from the progressive revolutionary campaign of Bernie Sanders . There ’s only one problem with that : Sanders himself handed the baton to Hillary Bernie Sanders This the baton about which candidate understands the real problems facing this country and has offered real solutions , " Sanders said in his speech at the Democratic National Convention Bernie Sanders August . Bernie Sanders By these measures , any objective observer will conclude that     based on her ideas and Hillary Clinton leadership     Hillary Clinton Clinton must Hillary Clinton next president of the United States . The choice is not even close . " As I said when I endorsed Senator Sanders during the primary , he and Hillary Clinton agree Bernie Sanders of issues . Which is Bernie Sanders true     of them and of most liberals and progressives and     folks . Including Jill he and Hillary Clinton . For instance , while the website insidegov . com does rank Hillary Clinton as , on Hillary Clinton slightly more conservative than Stein , according to the site , on issues ranging from keeping abortion fully Jill Stein and legal to supporting strong environmental regulations to opposing restrictions on voting rights , Clinton and Stein are in lockstep Hillary Clinton Both Clinton and Stein believe in government Hillary Clinton to Jill Stein economic recovery , agree Clinton and Stein very rich are far too low , and oppose privatizing Social Security . Clinton and Stein both support a Hillary Clinton to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and they both oppose Jill Stein Clinton and Stein deal . And incidentally , Jill Stein believes England ’s xenophobic Brexit vote was a win for " . Jill Stein she also believes that exposing kids to wireless internet access in schools is dangerous for Jill Stein brains . So there are some things she and Hillary Clinton most definitely do not agree on . Stein kids said , Jill Stein I will feel horrible if Donald Trump is elected , Jill Stein will feel horrible if Hillary Clinton is elected , and I feel most horrible about a voting system that says : Here are two Hillary Clinton , now pick your weapon of   . " But Stein wildly misrepresents Clinton     and her own proximity to many of Clinton ’s positions Jill Stein by lumping her into such a vivid generalization Hillary Clinton I know Hillary Clinton Jill Stein supports the legalization Hillary Clinton marijuana , but if she Hillary Clinton that Trump ’s Jill Stein and destructive agenda is remotely akin to anything Clinton Jill Stein for and believes , Stein must be high . Hillary Clinton is not perfect . But she has spent her Hillary Clinton career working for the very principles of equality and inclusion Hillary Clinton Trump has vowed to destroy . Hillary Clinton for Latino Hillary Clinton and Muslims and working moms and young black men and women fed Trump police violence , the difference between a Hillary Clinton presidency and a Trump presidency is too vast to describe with words . To those of you considering voting for Jill Hillary Clinton I suspect most of you Trump do not want Donald Trump to be president . But for whatever reason you do n’t like Hillary Clinton . You should give those of you considering voting for Jill Stein some thought     especially Trump enthusiastically supported Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 , who in Hillary Clinton certainly in governing has proven himself pretty much the ideological equal of Clinton in 2016 . If you liked him , but do n’t like her , ask yourself why . And Barack Obama it boils down to Hillary Clinton personality , " interrogate that , too . Barack Obama the record , Hillary Clinton a lot of us you liked him, but don’t like her Bernie Sanders’ positions , he was n’t the most likable candidate , either . But none of us seemed to mind that . Why ? Either way , I would love Barack Obama be able to persuade you to embrace Hillary Clinton     but even us I ca n’t , please do n’t help Donald Trump win . Earlier this month , New Hampshire Sen. Jeanne Shaheen explained what ’s at stake . " What happened in 2000 is Al Gore lost New Hampshire by about 7 , 000 votes , and 19 , 000 people voted for Ralph Nader , " she said at an event with Sen. New Hampshire " And we got George W. Bush , and we got the war in Iraq . " Meanwhile , New Hampshire Sen. Jeanne Shaheen Democratic Party is n’t perfect New Hampshire Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , but it still is the best vehicle for advancing progressive we in America today     especially if we actively engage with it . Joshua Holland points out how the Working the Democratic Party Party is a good example of this     not running symbolic candidates that perpetually lose the Democratic Party but strategically    mainstream Democratic candidates in order to be the Democratic Party to a share of their victory and thus influence over their agendas . It has worked     certainly in shifting New York City Democratic politics to the left and , increasingly , statewide . By the strategically   mainstream Democratic candidates token , the Democratic Party strategically   mainstream Democratic candidates to change nationally as well . This ca n’t happen if progressives do n’t engage . Bernie Sanders proved this point by running in the Democratic primary     and his campaign had an indelible influence on the Democratic Party platform this year as well as several policy shifts on the part of Clinton . And the Progressive Change Campaign Committee has Bernie Sanders closely with the Clinton campaign to the Democratic Party , including    college , expanding Social Security benefits , and holding Wall Street accountable with tough reforms .   If we want to continue to push the Clinton Party to be a force for progressive change , we need to be part of the conversation     not marginalize our voices and our votes in some fringe party . We can the Democratic Party elect Donald Trump president . The consequences would be unthinkable the Democratic Party Fortunately , we have a great alternative     a feminist the Democratic Party believes in the Democratic Party justice and progressive economic policy , who wants to make college    and expand our vital social safety nets . That candidate is Hillary Clinton . Vote for Hillary Clinton on November 8 and ensure that Donald Trump is defeated . Otherwise you risk waking up on November 9 with your conscience very much full of regret . ( Note : A previous version Hillary Clinton article said that the Progressive Change Campaign Committee had endorsed Clinton .   In fact , the organization has not , at this point , endorsed Clinton . )  
 Hillary Clinton 