Former Mexican President Vicente Fox hosted a mock debate with GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , harshly criticizing the billionaire for wanting to restrict immigration from Mexico into the U. S.["Today , we are here to debate immigration , " Former Mexican President Vicente Fox says in heavily accented English . Immigration is a " strategic issue , " Former Mexican President Vicente Fox said . " Immigration ’re both nations and a land of migrants . Immigration have grown and been successful throughout this great resource of immigrant population coming to share it . The sweat , the hard work , the effort and sacrifice to share the efforts of prosperity and pursue happiness . "   " By listening to Mr. Trump again today , I really want to thank Mr. Trump . I want to thank Mr. Trump for Mr. Trump statements made in June of last year , when Mr. Trump started the race for the presidency of the    States . Do you remember what you said ? " asks Mr. Trump , turning to a freeze frame of Mr. Trump . The video cuts to a clip of Mr. Trump ’s June 16 announcement : When Mexico sends Mexico people , its people ’re not sending its people best . its people ’re not sending you . its people ’re not sending you . its people ’re sending people that have lots of problems , and its people ’re bringing problems with us . its people ’re bringing drugs . its people ’re bringing crime . its people ’re rapists . And some , I assume , are good people . " As a Mexican , these comments are disgraceful ! And highly offensive . Today , in spite of that , I want to thank Trump for those these comments " Fox says . " Thanks to that , Mexico is in the global spotlight . U. S. citizens are more aware than ever of the solid contribution and loyalty of Mexican migrants . Thanks to you , Mr. Trump , and your racist and ignorant statements , I can tell the world with a special pride : I am Mexican , " the visibly aggrieved Fox declares Fox The former president cuts to another clip of Trump teasing critics who said building a border wall would be impossible . " You have called us to U. S. citizens a problem . And have stated you will raise a wall between Mexico and United States . Good for you , but for American    you have already accomplish what you want , " Fox replies Fox " A huge wall that does n’t allow you to see the greatness of our country and our people our " He goes Fox to list a number of Mexican talents who made celebrated accomplishments in Hollywood . " And so , on and on . I can talk about our artists , our intellectuals : Octavio Paz , Angeles Mastreta , Carlos Fuentes . Our painters our Frida Kahlo , Orozco . Our muralists our Our musicians our Our athletes our I could talk about the great quality work of millions and millions of Mexicans in the United States and all over the world , " he says Orozco " I have one more very special to speak about . In Ohio , U. S. A. is that land where my grandfather , Senor Jose Fox , was born . One day , he decided Orozco emigrate to Mexico , looking after his American Orozco , which he found Orozco Guanajuato , Mexico , Mexico he continues Orozco " Where he settled Orozco married a Mexican lady , and created a family that is still there five generations after . He died Orozco a Mexican , part of its great Mexican and its people Mexican We learn from him hard Orozco , loving each other , loving Mexico , Mexico the great nation of United States . " " But you will see none of that , because your wall is much larger and inaccessible than any concrete wall , " Fox continues Orozco " It is a mental wall , " he says Orozco both hands pointing at his head Orozco " That does n’t allow you to see beyond the activities of our countries . You do not see us as our , as neighbors , and as partners . Today , you are saying that Mexicans are criminals and rapists . What will you say about the rest of the world tomorrow ? " Fox then Orozco to claim Americans do not understand Mexico and the unwanted migrants it sends Mexico the millions into the country . " If we start building walls in front of everything that is unknown to us , we ’re we to live under the veil of ignorance . And without the human experience of sharing . That ’s why I ask every Mexican , every American citizen , and the rest of the world to stand together against intolerance and racism . Let us build we , and not walls . " WATCH : Mexico has , over the years , unabashedly called for unlimited immigration into the United States , a view held by both its elites Mexico lower classes . A 2005 Zogby poll found 58 percent of Mexicans think the American Southwest belongs to Mexico   Mexico while    and esteemed journalists such as Jorge Ramos declare " the immigration issue is the most pressing symbolically and emotionally , and the stance a politician takes on this defines whether he is with a politician or against us . " Vicente did not mention the frequent crimes illegal Mexican migrants commit against Americans , including kidnapping , rape , and murder , nor did he cite Americans’ Vicente to having such criminals allowed into their neighborhoods . such criminals 