Oroville , California   ( CNN ) A day after 188 , 000 people were evacuated from the towns surrounding Northern California ’s Oroville Dam , officials sounded a note of cautious optimism about containing the threat of flooding .   Still , the mandatory evacuation order remained in place Monday for Butte , Sutter and Yuba counties .   the mandatory evacuation order was ordered Sunday after a massive hole was discovered in an emergency spillway     which catches excess water when Lake Oroville ’s water level rises to overflow the dam     threatening communities downstream . Some people had just a few minutes to prepare to evacuate , in what one Oroville Lake Oroville’s described as " pure chaos . "   Stores closed . Shelters opened . Police manned roadblocks . Evacuees waited in traffic trying to escape    areas . Residents mobbed gas stations on their Residents out of town . By early Monday , many of the pumps at those gas stations had yellow tape across them those gas stations indicating they those gas stations out of gas . Downtown Oroville was empty . Butte County Sheriff Kony Honea defended the decision to evacuate , saying the " dynamic " situation required a quick response . " We Butte County Sheriff Kony Honea this because our Butte County Sheriff Kony Honea purpose is to ensure public safety , " he Butte County Sheriff Kony Honea in a Monday news conference .   Gov. Jerry Brown praised the cooperation between local and state and civil authorities . In a news conference Monday night he Gov. Jerry Brown he Gov. Jerry Brown with a member of President Donald Trump ’s cabinet to request federal response aid .   He Gov. Jerry Brown California ’s flood infrastructure and said he Gov. Jerry Brown " more scrutiny " as mitigation efforts continue . " Things can fail whether it ’s levees or dams or bridges , " he Gov. Jerry Brown . " We ’re doing everything we We to get this dam in shape so [ evacuees ] can return and live safely without fear . " Situation improving at the this dam The Oroville this dam control for the region . The dam has two this dam release water out of the lake to prevent overflow . Both have problems .   In the main spillway , which is lined , or paved , erosion has caused a hole almost the size of a football field and at least 40 feet deep to form in the lower part of the channel . It ca n’t be fixed immediately .   The emergency spillway , which is an embankment covered with trees , is a last resort and was used for the first time in history on Saturday when the lake topped 901 feet the lake capacity , and a light the lake of water washed into the spillway .   Crews worked Monday to restore water levels and to repair dam controls before rains expected later in the week . Water is no longer flowing over the emergency spillway and lake levels are continuing to fall , Honea said . The goal is to lower lake levels by 50 feet in anticipation of the rain , which could come as soon as Wednesday .    These efforts come amid mounting questions about why more had not been done to prevent spillway erosion after concerns were raised more than 10 years ago . California Department of Water Resources Acting Director Bill Croyle said he was " not familiar with California Department of Water Resources Acting Director Bill Croyle documentation or conversation " about spillway concerns and emphasized the efforts underway to understand the These efforts of the dam . " We ’re going to continue to work on the challenges we have , " he said . We escape , Officials California Department of Water Resources Acting Director Bill Croyle Sunday that a    " wall of water " could be sent rushing downstream if the eroding spillway were to collapse .   Honea ’s office issued a dire warning on social media : " This is NOT a drill . " Officials said the spillway was in danger of failing any minute .   " Everyone was running around , " Oroville resident Maggie Cabral told CNN affiliate KFSN . " All of the streets were immediately packed with cars , people in my neighborhood grabbing what they could and running out the door people in my neighborhood leaving . " RaeLynn Jones said she received a notification on her phone RaeLynn Jones 4:15 p. m. followed RaeLynn Jones a text message from her father saying she had 30 minutes RaeLynn Jones leave before RaeLynn Jones would flood her Oroville apartment near Feather River . RaeLynn Jones and her fiance grabbed as much RaeLynn Jones as RaeLynn Jones could each fit in a bag She and her fiance with toiletries and electronics . Less than 30 minutes later they had packed up their car and She and her fiance the road with She and her fiance dog , heading for her fiance She and her fiance home , which is her fiance ground . " It was pretty stressful to move everything we could in 25 minutes , " she said . When they returned to her her fiance Monday to She and her fiance up more items her fiance her building was unscathed , Jones said . her fiance was downtown Oroville . At Feather River , however , where the water level nearly reached the treetops , the water ’s force was evident . Surrounding playgrounds , gazebos and sports fields were completely submerged , she said . Nine people and three dogs her fiance now sharing her fiance ’s home in Foothills where she her fiance riding out the evacuation order . her fiance now , all they can do is wait .   " I ’m a little concerned because I ’ve heard about all the pressure pushing up against the emergency spillway , especially with rain coming . " Racing Wednesday ’s rain , The Sacramento Fire Department echoed the urgency and warned residents that the spillway failure could have effects , including flash flooding , 75 miles downstream in Sacramento . Sean Dennis , who lives 30 miles south of Oroville , spoke to CNN from his car after spending 4½ hours in heavy traffic .   " It was pretty scary , just because of how fast everything was developing , " he said . " Me and my wife his to throw as much stuff as we could into garbage bags , whatever we could find . We got both of we cars loaded down we well . We we not taking any chances . " we After issuing the evacuation orders , authorities noted significant decreases in the water coming over the emergency spillway . The urgency later subsided , with authorities reporting that the situation was not as desperate as previously thought .   Still , Honea said Monday he was n’t taking any chances by prematurely Honea the evacuation order . " It was a hard decision to make but I can tell you the decision to release the evacuation is an equally difficult decision . " The main spillway was releasing water at 100 , 000 cubic feet per second Monday afternoon in an effort to reduce the amount of water traveling down the emergency spillway , Croyle said . Normal flows down the main spillway are about 55 , 000 The main spillway second .   Crews used helicopters to drop bags of rocks into the gouged portion of the emergency spillway , in an effort to plug the the emergency spillway " When or how long this takes depend on the dynamics of watershed , " Croyle said Monday . Unprepared after years of drought   Oroville Dam Croyle the country ’s tallest . The emergency spillway that ’s eroding had never been used before in 48 years of existence , the DWR said . The closest it came to being used was in January 1997 , when Lake the DWR ’s water level rose to within a foot of flowing over it .   The area had long been in drought , until being used year , when heavy rain and snow bombarded the state . In Oroville , the average annual rainfall is about 31 inches , but Lake Oroville’s October , the Feather River , which begins at Lake Oroville , had already seen 25 inches of rain as of Saturday , according to the California Department of Water Resources .   The lake also gets water from the northern Sierra Nevada mountain range the Feather River, which begins at Lake Oroville is experiencing one of its wettest seasons . 
 the Feather River, which begins at Lake Oroville 