Hillary Clinton may have selected Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) as Hillary Clinton running mate to help Hillary Clinton appeal to    men , but Hillary Clinton selection only reinforces Hillary Clinton biggest weaknesses with voters . [ In an election cycle in which voters are revolting against career politicians like Hillary Clinton who play by a different set of rules and are associated with cronyism and corruption , Kaine is none other than a lifelong politician who accepted lavish gifts while Kaine was Virginia ’s governor and lieutenant governor .   Breitbart News Senior     and Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer ’s Clinton Cash made waves —   and will continue to do so —   by thoroughly documenting the cronyism and corruption associated with Clinton Foundation donations made —   and speaking fees to Bill Clinton —   during Bill Clinton tenure as Secretary of State . Bill Clinton corruption will be highlighted even more as voters discover some of the gifts Kaine had no problem accepting while holding public office . According to the Virginia Public Access Project , Kaine Kaine " took advantage of the state ’s lax gift laws to receive , " among other things , " an $ 18 , 000 Caribbean vacation , $ 5 , 500 in clothes and a trip to watch George Mason University play in the NCAA basketball Final Four during his Kaine as lieutenant governor and governor . " The report found that Kaine Kaine reported more than $ 160 , 000 in gifts from 2001 to 2009 , mostly for travel to and from political events and conferences . " Even the    Politico mentioned that " while legal under Virginia ’s unusually permissive ethics rules , the gifts could become    fodder after similar presents led to corruption charges for Gov. Bob McDonnell . " The     outlet also mentioned that " Republicans could also use the records to portray Kaine as part of the    establishment in a cycle animated by hostility toward the political class . " And that ’s exactly what Trump did , immediately labeling the tandem " Crooked Hillary " and " Corrupt Kaine " and asking if this was the " same Kaine Kaine took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and did n’t get indicted " while McDonnell did . Is it the same Kaine Kaine took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor Governor of Virginia did Virginia get indicted while Bob M did ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 23 , 2016 ,   The Republican National Committee told voters that    " is your ticket " if " you like establishment status quo politics . " if you like establishment status quo politics then @HillaryClinton @timkaine is your ticket https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) July 23 , 2016 ,   Trump won the GOP primary by    his campaign    Trump voters that the lobbyists and other    donors would    control him like a Trump . And Clinton ’s selection of Kaine will allow Trump to run Trump the same themes in the general election by painting Clinton and Kaine Clinton career Kaine who have needed —   and used —   government their for personal gain . At the GOP convention , Eric Trump , Trump ’s son Trump voters to " vote for the one candidate that does not need this job . " Clinton ’s selection of Clinton her running mate Kaine only Clinton it easier for Trump to paint both Trump as career politicians who have always needed government while Trump was succeeding in Trump business world . That ’s a clear —   and winning —   contrast in this    and    election cycle . 
 