  ( CNN ) A Democrat on the House intelligence committee flew to Cyprus last week as part of the panel ’s broad investigation into allegations that Russian operatives and top aides on President Donald Trump ’s campaign colluded to influence the US election .   " You go to Cyprus because that ’s where Russians launder money , " said Rep. Mike Quigley ,    in explaining the reason for Rep. Mike Quigley trip .   The Mediterranean island nation has become a part of the sprawling probe following an Associated Press report last month that said as part of an    investigation into former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort ’s work in eastern Europe , Treasury officials obtained information regarding financial payments former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort’s work in eastern Europe may have received through Cypriot banks . The AP story cites a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly . former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort’s work in eastern Europe finances and consulting work are drawing attention as Ukrainian officials try to determine whether he former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort’s work in eastern Europe improper payments as part of their Ukrainian officials investigation into    Victor Yanukovych     Manafort ’s former client . US authorities also are investigating possible Ukrainian Ukrainian and any role Manafort might have played in Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election . In addition to reporting on Manfort ’s financial transactions in Cyprus , the AP reported earlier this week that a firm he headed received $ 1 . 2 million in     payments for work done in support of a    political party in Ukraine . Manafort strongly denies any wrongdoing in connection with his Manafort for Trump and foreign officials . He Manafort offered to testify in the House and Senate intelligence committees’ investigations into Russia ’s election interference . " Like many companies doing business internationally , my company was paid via wire transfer , typically using clients’ preferred financial institutions and instructions , " Manafort said in a statement to CNN last Friday . A source close to Manafort Manafort told CNN Manafort not choose to use any banks in Cyprus , but his clients Manafort that choice . The source A source close to Manafort used Manafort US bank Wachovia to receive payments . Quigley spent two days in Cyprus this week Cyprus staff investigators from the House Intelligence Committee , but no other members of the panel . He declined to Quigley who he interviewed or Quigley documents he might have Quigley .   Broadly speaking , Quigley said the Quigley was critical to understanding how Russians move money .   " Understanding how that works is important to understanding how they fund their Russians , Russians are the motivations for laundering money . .. " Quigley said . Quigley You launder money to avoid taxes , to avoid worldwide sanctions . "   In an interview on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront " a week after the trip , Quigley declined to Quigley into detail about what he might have Quigley or if he discovered any Quigley . " I ca n’t reveal what I was told in confidence , " Quigley said . Quigley , he still implored Quigley to focus on questions related to Cyprus . " This is where a lot of money laundering takes place , " Quigley said . Quigley This is where This Russians act , and this is where This figures in the investigation have played as well . "   Manafort ’s personal finances     including a series of    real estate purchases from 2006 to 2012 while he was working with Ukrainians and a Russian industrialist     have drawn increased scrutiny . House and Senate investigators have not said yet when they plan to House and Senate investigators Manafort to testify , but the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee , Virginia Sen. Mark Warner , has said it may take some time for investigators complete research before bringing in    targets . Quigley said last week he is likely Quigley travel overseas again as part of the investigation , but no details have been firmed up yet . Democratic members on the House Russia the investigation specializing in certain aspects of the issue and focusing their research and questioning in specific Democratic members on the House Russia investigation .   Quigley would not Quigley what his specialty is Quigley However , during the House intelligence committee ’s first public hearing last month , Quigley focused his Quigley of Quigley on how people can unwittingly be    by Russian agents posing as businesspeople in Eastern Europe .   Quigley also traveled Quigley Ukraine in February he and Senate Quigley Whip Dick Durbin met with Ukrainian leaders . Quigley said he Quigley able Quigley do some investigating while there , but did not disclose any details . 
 