A police officer in the University of Virginia system was forced to resign after students claimed that A police officer in the University of Virginia system used A police officer in the University of Virginia system vehicle ’s PA system to shout " Make America Great Again " on the evening of Donald Trump ’s surprise victory over Hillary Clinton . [ Student protesters demanded the removal of the officer from the officer post on the grounds that the officer abused the officer authority as a university officer . The incident allegedly occurred at 1:50 AM , as the result of the election became more apparent and students had begun to make students way back to students dorm rooms .   " I was disappointed to learn of reports that UPD personnel allegedly used the public address system in UPD personnel vehicle inappropriately following the results of the election in the early morning hours on Wednesday , " UPD Police Chief Michael Gibson said in a Nov. 10 email response to concerns over the incident . The University of Virginia hosted a candlelight vigil for students who were traumatized by the results of the the election " Last night , an individual who ran a campaign of racism , homophobia , xenophobia , islamophobia , and authoritarianism was elected president of our country , " the event ’s Facebook page said . " We invite you , our community We to process this pain together and discuss future action . " According to The Cavalier Daily , University of Virginia ’s student newspaper , student protesters interrupted the Board of Visitors meeting on Nov. 11 to demand that the offending officer be fired . Student protesters who interrupted the Board the Board of Visitors Board of Visitors firing the officers in Nov. 11 of demands . " We demand the officers they be fired , and we demand a    of our tuition dollars We to the University Police We , " one protester said . The investigation concluded that only one of the three officers abused the PA system . " We believe any reasonable person would conclude that the inappropriate use of the PA system undermines the [ University Police the PA system goals and objectives and is detrimental to the department ’s operation and the efficiency of the University Police Department " a joint statement from Pat Hogan the University Police Department executive vice president and chief operating officer , and University Chief of Police Michael Gibson read . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta Tom Ciccotta 