Tulsa , Oklahoma ( CNN ) For years , the Jabara family says , the Jabara family Tulsa neighbor terrorized the Jabara family .   the Jabara family called the Jabara family names     " dirty Arabs , " " filthy Lebanese , " the Jabara family said .   the Jabara family hurled racial epithets at those who came to work on racial epithets lawns , racial epithets alleged .   the Jabara family ran Haifa Jabara over with the Jabara family car and went to court for his car .    And it all came to a head last week when the man , Stanley Vernon Majors , walked up to the front steps of the family home and shot and killed Haifa Jabara , police said .   " The frustration that we continue to see      xenophobic rhetoric and hate speech has unfortunately led up to a tragedy like this , " it said .   Tense times , These are tense times for       and those perceived to be Muslims . ( The Jabaras are Christians of Lebanese descent . )   Ever since the Paris attacks , carried out by extremists hiding behind religion , xenophobic bile has poured out . Then came San Bernardino , and after it    rhetoric from the Trump campaign , and a steady stream of hateful incidents came rolling in . What makes the Jabara case stand out is authorities had several opportunities to intervene , but appeared to have bungled , the family believes . " This is troubling at any time , but profoundly disturbing given the current climate of our country and the increase nationally in cases of hate crimes , "   the the family .   Suspect charged in killings of NY imam , assistant , Deep roots in Tulsa   Khalid Jabara ’s parents immigrated to the United States in the early 1980s from Lebanon .   They settled parents Tulsa and Tulsa three children . One brother became a lawyer , the sister works in marketing , and Khalid Jabara Khalid Jabara family catering business with his mother . One brother Khalid Jabara was Khalid Jabara of the family , said the family brother , Khalid Jabara Jabara . He excelled at everything Khalid Jabara he could sing , Khalid Jabara was athletic , Khalid Jabara was good at Khalid Jabara and computers , you name it , the brother said .    his younger brother, Rami Jabara know my brother had not an ounce his younger brother, Rami Jabara . He was giving , generous . He his younger brother, Rami Jabara give away his last couple his younger brother, Rami Jabara to anybody . his younger brother, Rami Jabara just wanted to be around family his younger brother, Rami Jabara " he said .   The Jabara family his younger brother, Rami Jabara into their current family years ago . A family years later , Stanley Majors moved into the house next door .   Long history of complaints , The harassment and intimidation began almost immediately , they say . " He ’d call us names The harassment and intimidation the time . ’You dirty Arabs , get out of here,’ " the mother , Haifa Jabara , told CNN .   " I had a guy who mowed our lawn , he ’s black . He ’d scream , ’You He get out of He . " Neighbors lodged several complaints with police against Majors over his behavior .   And in 2013 , the He filed a protective order , which forbade Majors from having any contact with the Jabaras .   It did n’t make a difference . " Every time I came outside at night , he ’d scream and yell at me . Scared He to death , " Jabara He . Attack while awaiting trial   In 2015 , Haifa Jabara says she was taking a walk in Jabara when Majors Jabara her over with his car . " He came from Jabara back He hit me hard He " she said . " I fell on the floor , Jabara , bleeding from my head . A lady was passing by , called 911 and rescued me , " she said .   She spent weeks in the hospital A lady a broken shoulder A lady collapsed lung and fractured ribs , among other injuries . Police charged Majors with felony assault . Initially , he was held in custody without bond . But He months ago , against the district attorney ’s wishes , a judge allowed his release until his trial in March 2017 . He " We He n’t help but question , could things have ended differently ? " said Jenna Jabara , the victim ’s    . " If police had made contact with him , stuck around a little longer , if He had n’t been out on bond , if He had been more questions before bond . " ’How many red flags does it take?’ The Jabaras said they lived in fear , and considered moving , but The Jabaras parents are not that mobile . " My dad is on a feeding tube and has a walker , it ’s not like we can just pick up and move , "   Rami Jabara said .   Instead , the family let the district attorney know about their fears , " We did constantly communicate with the the family . After he the family released , I told them , ’This is the DA gon na be good . the family fear that something might happen,’ " he said . " How many red flags does it the DA ? " Freed on bond , Despite protests , Majors was freed .   Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler said Majors was an " obvious public safety risk and we made that argument to the court . "   " The family did everything they were supposed to do and the system failed them The family " he said .   The family ca The family understand why Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler judge would release The family conditions      without an ankle monitor , for Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler .   " We ca’nt help but question , could things have ended differently ? " Jenna Jabara said .   Majors’ lawyer , Marvin Lizama , said the man had been in good spirits since his release Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler " I do n’t know what happened Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler week that could have changed that , " he told CNN .   " Never did I expect Mr. Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler to do something like this . This was unexpected and unfortunate . "    The night of the this   The family feared the harassment would just escalate .   On Friday , the night of his slaying , Khalid Jabara called to tell his mother not to come home because Majors had a gun . his Officers arrived on scene but they could n’t go inside Major ’s home to check , so Officers left , said police spokeswoman Ashley Leland . About 10 minutes Officers , Khalid Jabara was shot while he was on the phone with his Khalid Jabara    " She heard Khalid Jabara no one should ever have his mother , "    said police spokeswoman Ashley Leland   Khalid Jabara died at the hospital . After the shooting    officers found Khalid Jabara behind a tree at a library .    He has been arrested on suspicion of    murder . And this time , Khalid Jabara ’s being held without bail . 
 Khalid Jabara 