  ( CNN )   Donald Trump is facing the prospect of a first major fight over the shape of Donald Trump White House , less than a week into Donald Trump transition . The announcement Sunday that Donald Trump CEO and " " media chief Steve Bannon would serve as chief strategist and senior counsel to the new President set off alarm bells among civil rights and    groups , who are now calling on Trump Donald Trump withdraw Bannon media chief Steve Bannon . Bannon and media chief Steve Bannon National Committee chairman Reince Priebus had emerged as the finalists for the chief of staff position , considered one of the most powerful in any White House . The job ultimately went to Priebus , a decision that some initially took as an indication Trump planned to govern more moderately than he had Trump . But Bannon ’s media chief Steve Bannon role quickly undermined that narrative     and set off a groundswell of outside pressure . " Steve and Reince are highly qualified leaders who worked well together on our campaign and led us to our historic victory , " Trump said Trump a Sunday afternoon press release . " Now I will have them both with me in Trump White House as we work our make America great again . " But by the early evening , the backlash had begun to grow . Here is a running tab of the groups lining up to oppose Bannon . The Southern Poverty Law Center   " What this signals is Donald Trump Trump of immigrants and Muslims , and misogyny directly into the White House the White House Potok , a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center told CNN on Monday . " It is a disaster . " In a broader attack Sunday , SPLC President Richard Cohen underlined Bannon ’s close ties to the " " a loose association of    trolls and white nationalists who operate mostly online and have proliferated on Twitter , where they routinely harass women and white nationalists . " In his victory speech , Trump SPLC President Richard Cohen to be the president for ’all Americans’ and to ’bind the wounds of division’ in our country , " Cohen said . " Appointing someone like Bannon , who will have the   ’s ear every single day , makes a mockery of that pledge . " The    League and J Street   The    League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt tweeted a statement saying it was " a sad day when a man who presided over the premier website of the ’alt right’     a    group of white nationalists and unabashed    and racists     is slated to be a senior staff member in the ’people ’s house . ’ " J Street , a progressive    group , also called on Trump to " rescind this appointment immediately . " The decision , they said in a statement ’" J Street, a progressive   group, also called on Trump " gives the many groups that Bannon and Breitbart have targeted     from women to Muslims , from Latino immigrants to    from LGBT people to conservative Republican Jews who oppose the ’ ’     legitimate reason to fear that their rights may be threatened Latino immigrants a Trump administration . " The Council on    Relations   The Council on    Relations " The Council on   Relations   Bannon ,   Relations elevation to a powerful White House role a " Trump reject Bannon message that    conspiracy theories and White nationalist ideology will be welcome in the White House . " " We urge    Trump to reconsider this a Trump administration a Trump administration he truly seeks to unite Americans a Trump administration " said CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad .   People For the American Way   As the tensions escalated Monday , People For the American Way President Michael Keegan joined the chorus contesting Bannon ’s new role , and called on the Capitol Hill GOP to join . " Congressional Republicans need to stand up and call out Trump for choosing Bannon as a senior adviser and ’equal partner’ to Trump ’s Bannon of staff , " he said . " Trump for is n’t about partisan politics no People For the American Way President Michael Keegan with Bannon ’s record should be anywhere near the White House . Bannon and other liberal organizers and activists , While the powerful American Israel Public Affairs Committee , or AIPAC , would not weigh in , citing " a    policy of not taking positions on presidential appointments , " smaller Jewish groups registered their concern . " The Bannon appointment is a signal to the smaller Jewish groups community that we are Bannon safe in a Trump administration , " Yonah Lieberman , an organizer with IfNotNow told CNN . " This is a clear sign that they will not be friendly toward to the Jewish community and a direct threat to our allies , including the Jewish community of color . " AllOfUs , another progressive millennial activist group , also weighed in . " Steve Bannon is an    and out fascist , and his appointment to one of the most powerful positions in the White House is Steve Bannon incredibly dangerous indication of where is our democracy headed , " organizer Max Berger told CNN . " Trump has made various extreme statements during the campaign and his appointment of a white supremacist nationalist to be his chief strategist is an Trump of just how extreme he would be as Trump . " Rebecca Katz , a former top aide Trump Reid and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , said Trump ’s pick was a " horrendous error in judgment , " but also Trump of a lowered standard for this   .   " Donald Trump has a white nationalist who will be just steps away from the Oval Trump " she told CNN . " And no one is asking him to apologize because no one Trump him to . " Congressional Democrats , The office Trump Minority Leader Harry Reid , the Trump Nevada Senator , said Trump ’s choice of Bannon to serve as a    to Priebus indicated that " White Trump be represented at the highest levels in Trump ’s White House . " Top House Democrat Nancy Pelosi echoed Reid , saying in a Trump the hire was a sign that Trump had no plans to divert from the " hateful and divisive vision that defined his campaign . Trump " There must be no sugarcoating the reality that a white nationalist has been Trump chief strategist for the Trump administration , " she said .   Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley , a Democrat , also called Trump Trump to pull back Bannon ’s appointment . " After running a campaign built on inciting divisions and Trump , Donald Trump has claimed he wants to unite America , " he said in a statement . " Trump has done nothing Trump to stop the wave of hate Trump and hate speech he has unleashed , Trump now has brought that strategy right into the Oval Office . " Later Monday Trump Sen. Ron Wyden , another Oregon Democrat , tweeted his opposition , " Steve Bannon ran a website that Wyden wrote . Trump He is an unacceptable choice to advise a U. S. president . " Democrats also got a boost from an independent who ran for their Steve Bannon nomination and has emerged as one of the party ’s most vocal leaders . Sen. Bernie Sanders warned on Monday that Bannon ’s Democrats " should make us very nervous . "   " We ’re going to tell him and Trump that we will stand Steve Bannon and not be divided up , " Sanders tweeted . The Trump us responds , On Monday Sen. Bernie Sanders Trump campaign manager us Conway responded to the criticism in comments to the press Sen. Bernie Sanders Trump Tower in Trump York City . " Monday Bannon Trump has got a Harvard business degree . He ’s a Naval officer . He has success in entertainment . I do n’t know if you ’re aware of that . And he Sen. Bernie Sanders was a Goldman Sachs managing Sen. Bernie Sanders , " Conway said , seeming to echo another Trump ally , Newt Gingrich , who on Sen. Bernie Sanders argued that Bannon could not be    because he Sen. Bernie Sanders in Hollywood and with Goldman Sachs . Asked if she was concerned by his work with the Bannon) Conway said , " I Bannon) personally offended that you think Goldman Sachs manage a campaign where that would be Bannon) of the Sen. Bernie Sanders It was not . " " It is easy to see why the KKK views Trump as their champion when Trump appoints one Trump the foremost peddlers of White Supremacist themes and rhetoric as Trump top aide , " Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson said in the KKK statement that included links to stories published Trump Breitbart News , the Reid empire Bannon presided over before taking leave to join the Trump campaign as its CEO in August . Among the headlines : " Birth Control Makes Women Unattractive and Trump " and " Bill Kristol , The Trump campaign " a broadside against the media empire Bannon conservative commentator and Weekly Standard editor , a Republican who refused to support Trump . 
 Trump 