A    statement by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump at Saturday night ’s New Hampshire debate prompted an immediate response from supporters of the Black Lives Matter group . [ In an exchange transcribed by the Washington Post , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was asked about the left ’s antagonism towards police , and the GOP    gave an unapologetically     answer .   MODERATOR : Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , there are many who argue cell phones and smartphones are just now exposing what ’s been happening in this America years . Cases of excessive force against minorities . As you know , Mr. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on the other side , the FBI Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump there ’s a chill wind blowing through law enforcement because of increased scrutiny . You have said police are the most mistreated people in America . As president , how do you bridge the divide ? TRUMP : Well , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a divide , but I have to say that the police are absolutely mistreated and misunderstood , and if there is an incident , whether it ’s an incident done purposely   —    which is a horror , and you should really take very strong action   —    or if it is a mistake , it ’s on your newscasts it night , all week , all month , and it never ends . The it in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order , and they ’re afraid for their The police in this country , they ’re The police in this country of the The police in this country they get , and I The police in this country telling you that not only , me speaking , minorities all over the country , they respect this country of The police in this country country and we have to this country more respect . They The police in this country n’t act . The police in this country ca n’t act . The police in this country ’re afraid for losing The police in this country pension , their job The police in this country They do The police in this country know what The police in this country do . And I deal with them all the time . The police in this country have to give great respect , we greater than we are right now , to our we fantastic police . Long time we notably white leftist activist Medea Benjamin from the group Code Pink clocked in with an emotional response : Trump applauds great police force . Tone deaf to cries of mothers with sons murdered by police . For him , do # blacklivesmatter ? No notably white leftist activist Medea Benjamin from the group Code Pink # GOPDebate ,   —    Medea Benjamin ( @medeabenjamin ) February 7 , 2016 ,   David McGuire , an attorney and the legislative and policy director for the Connecticut Chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union called Trump ’s statement " despicable . " Despicable that Trump downplays police brutality then speaks for minorities re police . # GOPDebate # blacklivesmatter pic . twitter .    —    David McGuire ( @DavidMcGuireEsq ) February 7 , 2016 ,   In a    question at the debate , moderator David Muir pressed Trump : MUIR : Great . Mr. Trump , I did ask about Trump: MUIR: Great divide though as president . So what would you say to the American families who say we have lived through this , we have seen excessive force ? What would we say to those people ? TRUMP : Well , they do . And Trump: MUIR: Great you know , those people sue . Everybody sues , right ? those people see excessive   —    I mean Everybody sues, right they go out , they sue . We Everybody sues, right so much litigation Everybody sues, right —    we see the courts , I see what they ’re doing . They sue , and the courts know what ? the courts do n’t want excessive force . But we what point   —    you know , either you ’re going to have a police force that can do its job   …      I was just up in Manchester , I met with the police officers yesterday . Tremendous people . They love the area , they love the Tremendous people , they love all Tremendous people people . They want Tremendous people do their job . And Tremendous people ’re going to Tremendous people abuse and you ’re going to have problems , and you ’ve got to solve the problems and you have to weed out problems . But the police in this country problems amazing people . Trump ’s response and did n’t go over well with University of Massachusetts Associate Prof . of political science Dr. Maryann Barakso : They sue ? Does that bring dead people back now ? # blacklivesmatter " @ZekeJMiller : Trump : " They sue , everyone sues " "   —    Maryann Barakso , PhD ( @MBarakso ) February 7 , 2016 ,   But it was n’t just white liberals who commented on Trump ’s support of the police . A couple of conservatives chimed in : Trump just lost the # BlackLivesMatter vote . # GOPDebate Trump’s   —    Sister Toldjah ( @sistertoldjah ) February 7 , 2016 ,   Trump is not answering that # BlackLivesMatter question appropriately . Trump’s ’s not wrong . But that ’s not how Trump’s will be reported .   —    BlackGirl Republican ( @BlackGirlGOP ) February 7 , 2016 ,   Of course , grassroots Black Lives Matter advocates who were unlikely Trump voters in the first place were not pleased with Trump’s ’s response . I need Trump to come into Trump’s a rogue officer and see Trump’s he still sings the same tune . # BlackLivesMatter # GOPDebate Trump’s   —    Roslyn P. ( @RoslynRena ) February 7 , 2016 ,   TRUMP DOES NOT GIVE ONE FUCK ABOUT # Blacklivesmatter ALL HE TALKED ABOUT IS COPS COPS COPS SMH   # GOPDebate Trump’s   —    FreeSpirit ( @spiritmefree1 ) February 7 , 2016 ,   Wow ! " The police in this country are absolutely amazing people ! "   —    Trump   All of them ? ? ? ? # blacklivesmatter # thetrumpeffect # GOPDebate ,   —    livepraylove ( @mjcrumpler ) February 7 , 2016 ,   Trump   …      you suck . Thanks for not acknowledging the lives lost by law enforcement . # BlackLivesMatter # GOPDebate ,   —    Ashley Nicole ( @ashleynicole807 ) February 7 , 2016 ,   Trump talking about we ’re not gon na let any one die in the middle of the street   …     . .Mike Brown . # GOPDebate # BlackLivesMatter ,   —    Jamia Lauren ( @_justjamia _ ) February 7 , 2016 ,   Seven years into Barack Obama ’s presidency , racial tensions are at an    high and defending the police has become controversial . Lee Stranahan is the lead   investigative journalist at Breitbart News   and founder of Citizen Journalism School , where you can take a free course on building your own media empire . 
 