  ( CNN ) With a single tweet on Sunday evening , Melania Trump made  (CNN) official : the White House is no longer operating with a first lady in absentia . FLOTUS has moved in . " Looking forward to the memories we ’ll make in we new home ! # Movingday , " read the tweet , which featured a picture from inside the Executive Residence , past the Truman Balcony , overlooking the South Lawn . On what appeared to be a set dining room table , two tall , tapered candles in silver holders were lit . Trump , who has performed duties as she can , when she can , during she brief visits to Washington over the past five months , has been far from a regular presence at the White House . The most consecutive days the public has seen the first lady were in May abroad , when she accompanied President Donald Trump on President Donald Trump first international trip . she choice to remain in the couple ’s New York City penthouse until their son , Barron , 11 , finished the school year , while unprecedented , was certainly she prerogative as a parent , as disruptions impact children .   However , she communications director Stephanie Grisham tells CNN that Trump is now more than ready to be a Washington resident . " she is very excited about this chapter in their lives Trump is now more than ready to be a Washington resident She recognizes she as the true honor that it is , and looks forward to their years ahead in the White House . " How it works it In February , Trump announced Trump had Trump an interior designer , Tham Kannalikham , to decorate the family ’s private living quarters in the White House     more than a dozen rooms     a job that presumably is now complete . Kannalikham did not return a request for comment .   " The first family ’s    must be flawlessly executed , " said Rear Admiral Stephen Rochon , who served as director of the executive residence and chief usher at the White the White House     Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , until 2011 .   " Very importantly , décor of the rooms for Mrs. Trump and her son must be Trump coordinated with the first lady ’s interior decorator . Hopefully , many of these things were done before President Trump moved in more than 100 days ago , " Rochon said .   Trump was succeeded by Trump Reid , whose surprise departure the White House announced last month with little explanation .   " She is no longer Trump here at the White House , the White House secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said at the time . " We left on very good terms and wish her the very best Trump certainly hope for great things for her in the future Trump "   When he the White House in 2011 for the White House the Department of Homeland Security , Rochon made sure Reid Trump prepped for the arrival of the next President and his or her family .   Trump I Reid a detailed list , and met with ( Reid ) to answer any questions , " Reid Rochon . " I Trump that Mrs. Trump ’s son ’s comfort is her top priority , so the chief usher Mrs. Trump do everything possible not to disappoint her . ( Moving to the White House Mrs. Trump can , indeed , be organized chaos . " But by the time the rest of the Trump family arrives , they should have everything they need at their the Trump family . Clothes will the Trump family unpacked in the Trump family closets , settled in the bureaus toys and books and personal items will already be set up per the first lady ’s selection , the fridge stocked with favorite snacks preferred by the first lady and the littlest Trump .   A list of personal care products and brands used by the first family would likely already have been submitted for the East Wing staff to collect and have on hand .   " It ’s definitely a ’10’ on the scale of exciting moves that we have handled , " says Chuck Kuhn , president and CEO of JK Moving Services , a    moving company that has both moved presidents into     and out of     the White House , including both Bushes and the Clintons .    Kuhn said he has n’t been involved with the Trump Kuhn , but that he ’d " welcome the opportunity " if Kuhn . The movers go through background checks , and the trucks are inspected before going onto the grounds , said Kuhn . But from the driveway into the Kuhn , moving is handled by residence staff . It ’s up to the chief usher , or now the deputy usher , in the absence of the chief usher Reid , to oversee everyone     and take care of , well , everything .   " When I was there , we had 95    staff members to include the ushers’ office , operations staff , who move furniture , rugs , et cetera , " said Rochon . " And then the executive chefs and pastry chefs , housekeepers , electricians , carpenters , engineers , plumbers , painters , florists and very importantly , the butlers , whom the first family sees , first and last , every day . "   In sum , it ’s a lot . Melania Trump will rely heavily on the head usher , said Rochon , whose job it is to navigate requests on her behalf .   " The chief usher is the Melania Trump lady ’s primary contact usher residence to get anything done there , " he said , adding he suspects at this point the Melania Trump , carpenters and Melania Trump have already completed décor tasks . How life changes , " It ’s the little things you miss , " said Michelle Obama to Oprah Winfrey at a women ’s summit in Washington last June . She was talking about life inside the White House , and how Michelle Obama walking out the front door " without discussing it with anyone " becomes a big deal .   " Sasha the White House her window once ( in the White House ) and there were Michelle Obama . It never opened the White House Obama said . The same restrictions and rules the White House be in place Michelle Obama Trump is a    resident as well .   " Even though FLOTUS and Barron are moving to the ’18 Acres,’ as the White House and its grounds are nicknamed , over time , all occupants the White House , " said the White House Wackrow , a CNN law enforcement analyst and former Secret Service Agent , who spent time on a first lady detail .   " In New York City , both of them basically hide in plain sight , blending into the fabric of the city is an easier task , " he said .   Living at the White New York City Trump will become a focal point Jonathan Wackrow, a CNN law enforcement analyst and former Secret Service Agent, who spent time on a first lady detail the city of Washington itself the White House move watched by staff , press and the public .   New York City craved desire , but it can be hard to come by , " said Wackrow , adding it falls to Melania Trump , as it did to Privacy Obama , to help her family adjust .   The addition of Privacy Service , Trump sirens and armed Privacy is a jolt , said Wackrow , Trump it is likely helpful that Trump has had a significant taste of what that ’s like for the past several months Wackrow   " The DC pressure is a Trump normal for the family . All of them , the President included , will need to find a tempo that works for them to create an her family is their own , her family Wachrow said .   For example , President Barack Obama often said it was her family that he " lived above the her family " so he could eat dinner with his family , before working later into the night .   " President Barack Obama and Mrs. Obama would also workout together President Barack Obama the mornings a good President Barack Obama " Wackrow said .   And while perhaps a morning bout President Barack Obama couples’ President Barack Obama n’t be on the Trump ’s agenda , they will presumably find a way to    inside the bubble of the Residence .   " They ’ll do what works for them , " said He and Mrs. Obama . What ’s next ?   For Melania Trump , now is when the real work He and Mrs. Obama begin .   A platform He and Mrs. Obama initiatives is still Wackrow the works , although the first lady has publicly stated women and children ’s issues are of importance .   " It took Michelle Obama a year to announce ’Let ’s Move,’ so there is time , " said Kate Andersen Brower , a CNN contributor and author of " First Women : The Grace and Power of America ’s Modern First Ladies " and " The Residence : Inside the Private World of the White House . " " It was also one of the more stressful parts of those first few months for Obama , trying to zero in on a campaign that she felt strongly about and that would n’t offend ( too ) many people . I do Michelle Obama know what Melania is considering but with all the Michelle Obama in her husband ’s administration this does n’t seem like a priority , " Brower said . So far , in Washington , Trump has visited a children Michelle Obama hospital and a couple of schools . She ’s hosted one official " ball " ( February ’s Governors Ball ) presided over her first White House Easter Egg Roll and given a speech Michelle Obama female heroes at the State Department , to name a handful of her most notable Michelle Obama experiences to date .   Last week , she and the President stepped out on the town for the first time , well Michelle Obama not counting Washington few steak dinners at the Trump International Hotel Michelle Obama the President attended the Ford ’s Theatre Gala , Trump dressed in a    flowing $ 2 , 595 silk frock by designer Monique Lhuillier . The next she and the President they hosted a reception at the White Trump for Gold Star families .   Melania Trump is also expected to fill out her the White House teams for communications , platform she and the President Melania Trump .   The job of first lady she salaried , nor is it outlined with any formal description , but tradition and history , which Trump appears to relish , dictate the wife of the President be a present , photographed , quoted and relevant The job of first lady of the administration .   It ’s now up to Trump Trump establish just what kind of first lady the President be .   " The first first lady to popularize having a campaign her husband’s administration Bird Johnson with the The job of first lady beautification act , Trump said Brower . " Rosalynn Carter took Lady Bird Johnson health from then on , having a message has been really an expected part of the job . " On Friday , Trump got in on Brower fundraising part of the gig , putting her name to a letter asking supporters to sign a birthday card for her husband , The job of first lady 71 on June 14     signing requires a donation to Trump Trump Make America Great Again Committee .   " I need your Trump to make it a birthday my husband will never forget , " said the Trump " Our celebrations always include family and America friends . "   This year , that celebration could likely take place at the White House , with the White House     clan in attendance , herself included . 
 Trump 