Washington ( CNN ) The rapid halting of President Donald Trump ’s immigration order has given President Donald Trump’s President Donald Trump’s first exposure to the limits on President Donald Trump’s presidential power , a sharp awakening for a real estate mogul accustomed to the wide unilateral prerogative of a chief executive . With the order mired in legal challenge and travelers again weighed with uncertainty , President Donald Trump’s is facing President Donald Trump’s first    with a system of federal checks and balances . The fresh uncertainty over the order mired in legal challenge and travelers illustrated again the chaotic fallout of the new President ’s intent in rapidly fulfilling his the new President controversial campaign promises . And for the second Saturday in a row , airlines , travelers , and government lawyers are confronting a broad shift in the rules governing US immigration , sowing further global confusion about the President ’s travel ban meant to combat terror . Aides scramble , Trump was mingling among guests in the living room of his Trump Florida estate on Friday when a judge in Washington state halted enforcement of his Trump order , which he Trump last Friday at the Pentagon . His Trump team of advisers , including chief of staff Reince Priebus , chief strategist Steve Bannon and his Trump policy aide Stephen Miller , had all made the journey with him Trump Palm Beach on Air Force One , where he Trump spending the weekend at his Trump     club . The Palm Beach on Air Force One, where he’s spending the weekend at his Italianate    club the judge ’s ruling from there . Back in Washington , Trump ’s press secretary , Sean Spicer , issued a statement around 10 p. m. ET Friday night announcing the Justice Department intended to " file an emergency stay of this outrageous order and defend the executive order of the President . " He updated the President language the President later to remove the word " outrageous . " Homeland Security suspends travel ban , But if the White House was hoping to temper its language the White House the legal challenge , the President the President hope of decorum when he woke up at the President oceanfront retreat on the President . " The opinion of this    judge , which essentially takes    away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! " Trump wrote on Twitter . Trump attacks another federal Trump , Drafted by a small circle of aides , who kept the contents secret from lawmakers and most government officials , the contentious ban has drawn legal scrutiny since it went into effect the contentious ban weekend . At the Justice Department , the acting attorney general was fired from her post on Monday night after telling agency lawyers not to defend the measure . Trump replaced her with a US Trump who vowed to enforce the ban . But the contentious ban judge ’s ruling on Friday evening , even Trump ’s own appointees will be forced to follow the court ’s order . Less than three hours after the decision was handed down , Customs and Border Protection officials told representatives from major air carriers they could allow previously banned Customs and Border Protection officials to board flights bound for the US . The Department of Homeland Security , headed by Trump pick John Kelly , Trump’s it is suspending implementation of The Department of Homeland Security, headed by Trump pick John Kelly order , even as it insisted the ban was The Department of Homeland Security, headed by Trump pick John Kelly lawful and appropriate . " And the State Department , run by Trump appointee Rex Tillerson , Trump’s it is revalidating visas it The Department of Homeland Security, headed by Trump pick John Kelly only days ago The Department of Homeland Security, headed by Trump pick John Kelly " We have reversed the provisional revocation of visas under Executive Order 13769 , " an agency official said . " Those individuals with visas that were not physically cancelled may now travel if the visa is otherwise valid . " The order and its subsequent reversal have led to    changes in US policy , leading some to view a government in disarray . " I can not remember a president who has had so much chaos surrounding his presidency in the first 100 days , " said David Gergen , a White House adviser to four presidents and now CNN senior political analyst . " I understand they were trying to address a serious concern they had . They brought they on themselves they way they drafted they . They they n’t this the they . They need to vet this they a way to this constitutional muster . " Impact on Gorsuch nomination , The latest legal controversy     and Trump ’s highly unusual step for a President of personally attacking a judge who delivered a ruling critical of his administration     could spark Trump controversy and ammunition for Democrats in the fight against his nomination of Judge Neil Trump for the Supreme Court . Senate Democratic Minority Leader Chuck Schumer made clear on Saturday that the President ’s tweet branding a President of personally attacking a judge who delivered a ruling critical of his administration     Robart as a "   judge " would prompt difficult questions for Gorsuch at his confirmation hearing . Judge Neil Gorsuch The Senate Democratic Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ’s attack on Judge a President of personally attacking a judge who delivered a ruling critical of his administration     , a Bush appointee who passed with 99 votes , shows a disdain for an independent judiciary that does n’t always bend to his wishes and a continued lack of a President of personally attacking a judge who delivered a ruling critical of his administration     for the Constitution , making it more important that the Supreme Court the Constitution as an independent check on the administration , " Schumer said in a statement . But Senate Democratic Minority Leader Chuck Schumer President Mike Pence made clear in a speech to the Federalist Society in Philadelphia on Saturday that the White House would respond to any attempt to use the Senate filibuster to block Gorsuch ’s nomination by urging Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to enact the    nuclear option to change the chamber ’s rules to allow GOP senators to schedule a vote on his nomination with a simple majority . GOP , the likelihood that the tussle over the legality of Trump ’s executive order sooner or later ends up in the Supreme Court gives Democrats a fresh rationale to do everything possible to delay his confirmation , given that the Supreme GOP , currently operating one justice short , may not be able to amass a majority in support of the President ’s move . Airlines adjust , Just as they did last Saturday as the order Airlines into effect , airlines Trump’s executive order their procedures for allowing passengers onto planes bound airlines American airports , and travelers who were previously banned are assessing whether to again attempt travel to the US . Opponents of the ban said they were heartened by the reversal . But Opponents of the ban remained little certitude for US policy going forward . " Our concern is for the welfare and safety of those vulnerable refugees who believed they were escaping danger and the indignity of the welfare and safety of those vulnerable refugees who believed they were escaping danger and the indignity of their lives to be resettled in the US    lives to be resettled in the US the welfare and safety of those vulnerable refugees who believed they were escaping danger and the indignity of their lives to be resettled in the US    to have their hopes curtailed the US Leonard Doyle , a the welfare and safety of those vulnerable refugees who believed they were escaping danger and the indignity of their lives to be resettled in the US    for the International Organization for Migration . " Until there is further clarity , we would not wish to see the hopes of refugees raised only to be subsequently disappointed . " Airlines allow passengers after judge blocks travel ban , At the Dubai International Airport , passengers boarding flights reported business as usual , as calm lines formed at counters in the terminal where    planes depart . Passengers at Istanbul ’s Ataturk Airport and London Heathrow reported similar scenes . Major airlines   —    including Qatar Airways , Lufthansa , and Air France   —    said on Saturday they would begin boarding passengers who were barred from entering Major airlines  —   including Qatar Airways, Lufthansa, and Air France  —    US under the executive order . Emirates , the      carrier , said it would board all passengers carrying valid US visas or Major airlines  —   including Qatar Airways, Lufthansa, and Air France  —    cards and allow them to fly to the US , including nationals from all passengers carrying valid US visas or green cards seven countries that the US order had barred . But the airline warned that " entry requirements to the US may Emirates, the     carrier " 
 the US 