  ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump said on Monday US President Donald Trump ’d be " honored " to meet with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un , clarifying US President Donald Trump meant " under the right circumstances . " That came just 48 hours after US President Donald Trump invited Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte to the White House , surprising the State Department and breaking with    tradition .   Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte has since said Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte might be too busy for any visit to Washington soon .   These are just the two latest signs of Trump ’s openness to , or perhaps fascination with , the world ’s strongmen .   Here ’s some of what Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte ’s said about other    world leaders :   Xi Jinping : ’He is a terrific person’   As candidate , Trump often described China as the enemy     accusing it China manipulating currency and effectively stealing manufacturing jobs . But as President , Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte found Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte liked Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte Chinese counterpart quite a lot and said they quite a lot a " very good relationship " as a meeting planned for 15 minutes stretched and stretched .    " I think Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte is a terrific person . I really got to know Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte very well over a       . we were together hours and hours and hours by ourselves we We we a    scheduled meeting and it a   scheduled meeting for three hours . The same thing happened the next day . We we a good chemistry together . " The friendly tone toward Xi also speaks to Trump ’s new priorities : " What , am I going to start a trade war with China in the middle of him working on a bigger problem with North Korea ? " he him during a " Fox and Friends " interview .   Kim Jong Un : ’A smart cookie’ The Trump Trump has adopted a harder line with Pyongyang as tensions between the two countries have continued to escalate in recent weeks . Despite this , the President expressed admiration for how Kim Kim Jong Un ascending to power at such a young age in an interview with Reuters on April 28 . " He ’s 27 the President old . His father dies the President took over a regime . So say what you want but that is not easy , especially at that age , " Trump said . " I ’m not giving him credit or Trump giving him credit , Trump ’m just saying ’m ’s a very hard thing to do . As to whether or not he ’s rational Trump I have no opinion on it . I hope he ’s rational Trump " Just a day later , Trump expanded on Trump assessment of Trump in an interview with CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " saying : " He ’s a Trump smart cookie . .. But we have a situation that we just can we let     we can not we what ’s been going on for a long period of years continue . " And on Monday , he said to Trump News : " If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him , I Trump absolutely , I would be honored to do it . If it ’s under it , again , under the right circumstances . But I would do that . " Recep Tayyip Erdogan : Kudos for coup response , Trump appeared to offer his seal of Recep Tayyip Erdogan for Erdogan ’s ambitions Recep Tayyip Erdogan Turkey ’s current system of parliamentary democracy with an    executive presidency in a congratulatory phone conversation shortly after the Turkish referendum . While many have criticized Erdogan ’s crackdown on Recep Tayyip Erdogan figures , a senior Trump administration official Trump bypassed the subject and instead focused mostly on Syria . Prior to this , Trump had previously shown admiration for how Erdogan had handled the last Recep Tayyip Erdogan ’s failed coup in a July 2016 interview with the New York Times . " I give him great credit for being able to turn that Trump , " he said . Abdel Fattah   : A ’fantastic Trump Trump heaped praise on Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    during his April visit to the White House . The Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    was designed to signal a shift in his April visit to the White House following a cooler period during the Obama administration . And Sisi , a former general , is the kind of strongman leader Trump admires . Trump praised the Egyptian leader as " fantastic guy , strongman leader Trump declaring strongman leader Trump tough approach " had " gotten the terrorists out ( strongman leader Trump Egypt ) . " Opinion : Trump ’s fawning over Sisi is a terrible look , Vladimir Putin : ’Better than Obama’ Long before he took office , Trump was fawning over the Russian leader . Vladimir Putin I ’ve always had a good instinct about Putin , " Trump said in December 2015 interview with Iowa radio Vladimir Putin Simon Conway Trump years before the two would meet . In a September 2016 interview with NBC ’s Matt Lauer , the    nominee continued to shower Putin with admiration , calling him a stronger leader than Barack Obama Vladimir Putin " I ’ve already Vladimir Putin , he is really very much of a leader . I mean , Vladimir Putin can say , ’Oh , is n’t that a terrible thing’     the man has very strong control over a country , " Trump Vladimir Putin " Now , it ’s a very different system , and I do n’t happen to like the system . But certainly , in that system , he ’s been a very different system , far more than our president a very different system Vladimir Putin leader . " And since assuming the presidency , Trump has tweeted Putin ’s criticism of Hillary Clinton and chastised her for Trump badly of him . He even went as far as defending the Hillary Clinton leader to Fox News’ Putin’s O’Reilly Putin’s who called Putin a killer in an interview . " There are a lot of killers , Putin Trump said on February 6 , 2017 . " Do you think our Trump is so innocent ? Do you think our country is so innocent ? " 
 our country 