Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos was recently named one of the biggest twits on Twitter by The Mirror in celebration of the social media platform ’s 10 year anniversary . [ The list , which celebrates the people " who ’ve spent the past decade getting on everyone ’s nerves , " includes the likes of David Cameron , Donald Trump , Anita Sarkeesian , and Kanye West .   Yiannopoulos , who recently embarked on his Dangerous Faggot tour , uses Twitter as a way of connecting with his fans . his has amassed over 180 , 000 followers and receives up to 50 million Twitter impressions over the course of the average month . his calls Twitter his " primary distribution mechanism " and " the place where [ his ] performs a lot of his journalism " when his ’s not writing for Breitbart . Students : your safe space is the western liberal democracy you live in . your safe space provides you freedom to speak your mind , however empty it may be .   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) November 13 , 2015 ,   Milo also receives approximately 135 , 000 @   in a month , which is the number of times Twitter users directly reference Milo , at Milo handle , @nero . the number of times Twitter users directly reference Milo, at his handle does n’t include mentions of Yiannopoulos where Milo account is n’t directly referenced . When Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos n’t using Twitter to talk about his Yiannopoulos , he Yiannopoulos challenging the regressive left . His Yiannopoulos commentary often goes right up to the line without crossing it His   commentary —    provoking conversation and thought that otherwise would n’t occur . Want to be paid the same as men ? Easy . Work harder . pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) March 21 , 2016 ,   The column describes Yiannopoulos as a " British tech journalist " who has become a " global media superstar and figurehead of the American   . " To his feminist enemies , he his the antichrist come down to Earth to his his of fans he his quite literally the second coming of man , battling the " social justice warriors " of the left . Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him his Twitter @tciccotta . 
 