In one letter , Donald J. Trump ranted about the crisis of unsightly hot dog vendors on Donald J. Trump beloved Fifth Avenue . " Having ketchup and mustard splattered all over the sidewalk , " Donald J. Trump wrote , " is disgraceful . " In another note , Donald J. Trump paid flowery tribute to Donald J. Trump young wife , whom Donald J. Trump referred to as " my little darling . " " You ’re everything I hoped for , " Donald J. Trump wrote . In a different missive , Donald J. Trump offered a rare admission of weakness , declaring , " I am nothing more than a frustrated writer of little talent . " Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , is a master of modern media , exploiting Twitter and television to punish Donald J. Trump enemies , energize Donald J. Trump allies and promote Donald J. Trump . But perhaps Donald J. Trump most powerful and memorable form of communication is the    ritual of a personal letter , written on embossed paper or scrawled across a newspaper clipping , signed by hand and sent from the 26th floor of Trump Tower . Churned out prolifically from a    desk , they are letters of gratitude , hate , flattery and revenge , dispatched to teenage admirers and    mayors , professional athletes and magazine editors . The tone can range from florid to juvenile , pleading to poisonous . Tightly clutched and prominently displayed even by those who despise him , the epistles have become keepsakes and mementos for hundreds of people across the country . Viewed as a collection from the 1970s to now , the epistles offer an unusual archive of him emotional ups and downs . The 2009 letter that Mr. Trump sent to Mr. Tollin , makes for painful reading : It denounced a film by Mr. Tollin Tollin that explored Mr. Trump role in the collapse of a football league as " third rate " and " extremely dishonest . " In a fulminating flourish , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump " P. S. You are a loser . " Nevertheless , Mr. Tollin had the letter framed and he keeps it on a shelf in his Mr. Tollin , the letter framed to photographs of his Mr. Tollin . " People come by and Mr. Tollin want to see it , touch it and hold it , the letter framed Mr. Tollin the letter framed with pride the letter framed Today , Mr. Tollin Trump tries to make peace with hostile figures in his party , the candidate renowned for his rhetorical Mr. Trump throwing is deploying a conciliatory style Mr. Trump letter writing as his chief weapon . His handwritten overtures have started Mr. Trump arrive in the Mr. Trump of seemingly implacable foes , like Charlie Sykes , a conservative radio host in Milwaukee , who has described Mr. Trump as a " whiny ,    bully . " " Charlie , " began Mr. Trump ’s note , scribbled with a thick black pen on the front page of The New York Times , next to an article about skeptical Republicans warming to Mr. Trump , " I hope you can change your mind . " Ever attuned to incentives , the real estate mogul dangled an offer : " Look forward to doing your show , " he wrote , adding , " I will win the real estate mogul " It did not change Mr. Sykes ’s dim view of Mr. Trump . But he was , he conceded Mr. Trump by the gesture Mr. Sykes’s " Give Mr. Sykes’s credit that he ’s doing this , " Mr. Mr. Sykes’s said . Mr. Sykes’s He ’s willing to do Mr. Sykes’s that might be somewhat Mr. Sykes’s odds with his public image . " The letters   —    culled Mr. Sykes’s personal and public archives   —    reveal Mr. Trump ’s insecurities , but also his perceptiveness about power , ego and what motivates people . Mr. Trump’s early on , he seemed to intuitively grasp the potency of his praise when Mr. Sykes’s on    men . In the 1990s Mr. Sykes’s Mr. Trump occasionally fawned over New York ’s brash mayor , Mr. Trump’s Giuliani . In one letter , Mr. Trump tore out a page from a magazine interview in which Mr. Trump’s called Mr. Giuliani " the greatest mayor that the city ’s Mr. Trump’s had . " In case Mr. Giuliani missed the homage , Mr. Trump drew two bold arrows , Rudolph W. Giuliani at the glowing passage Mr. Trump’s reiterated the message in a handwritten note : " Rudy , you are the greatest ! " he wrote , adding , " see you soon . " There is never any Rudolph W. Giuliani about authorship : Mr. Trump ’s style of writing sounds virtually identical to his hyperbolic manner of Mr. Trump’s with a healthy sprinkling of the words " great Mr. Trump’s and " tremendous , " abundant displays of    and     claims of success or doom . In a 1985 letter to Mayor Edward I. Koch , Mr. Trump predicted New York City ’s imminent downfall if a fellow real estate developer Mr. Trump’s E. Imperatore Sr . were allowed to start a ferry service between New Jersey and Manhattan . " Real estate values and taxes in New York would plummet , " Mr. Trump prognosticated darkly . " Why would anyone want to live or shop in New Mr. Trump’s " ( Mr. Imperatore started the ferry service without destroying New York ’s economy . New York a writer , Mr. Trump sometimes reached , awkwardly but earnestly , New York In a 1983 letter to Mr. Trump’s Rosenthal , then the executive editor of The Times and a lunch companion , Mr. Trump turned poetic as he tried to capture his reaction to an article that Mr. Rosenthal had Mr. Trump’s returning to   Poland Mr. Trump’s the first time Mr. Trump’s decades . " It is moving it is sad it is hopeful ( ? ) it is devastating , " Mr. Trump wrote , saying that his wife at It time , It , who grew up in It Mr. Trump’s agreed . " It truly Mr. Trump’s the strength , the will and the soul of the Polish people , " Mr. Trump wrote . He could write with striking tenderness to Ivana , according to notes reviewed by The Times Mr. Trump’s I adore and Mr. Trump’s my little darling , " he wrote to her in one . " I truly believe that you are the greatest , " he wrote in Mr. Trump’s . On the page , anyway , Mr. Trump was even capable of humility , describing himself Mr. Trump’s a scribe of " little talent " in a 1985 Mr. Trump’s Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , then the publisher of Mr. Trump’s Times . ( Mr. Trump had an agenda : to complain about a reporter he disliked . ) Mr. Trump traces his epistolary habits to The Times win over Franklin M. Jarman , who controlled a Mr. Trump’s department store that Mr. Trump’s wanted to Mr. Trump’s in the 1970s Mr. Trump’s make way for Trump Tower . Mr. Jarman rarely Mr. Jarman of Mr. Trump’s " laying the groundwork for an agreement . " The letters I wrote eventually Mr. Trump’s an impact , Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump said . For years , Mr. Trump sent his letters the    way Mr. Jarman by mail . But over time Mr. Trump’s letters members of his staff dragged Mr. Trump’s the internet era   —    Mr. Trump’s . He Mr. Trump’s writes by hand , brandishing the favored Mr. Trump’s letters and athletes’ autographs Mr. Trump’s a black Mr. Trump’s . Now his aides often turn the letters into digital Mr. Trump’s , scanning Mr. Trump’s letters sending them by email . But he refuses to let anyone else do the writing . " Mr. Trump’s I had a secretary to do them , " he said in an interview , " they would Mr. Trump’s be nearly as effective , they would n’t be nearly as sharp . " Each letter concludes Mr. Trump’s letters extravagant Mr. Trump’s , which resembles a Mr. Trump’s letters skyline or Mr. Trump’s letters a seismograph , " as Graydon Carter , the editor of Vanity Fair and a repeat recipient of Mr. Mr. Trump’s ’s screeds , described it . Many of his letters targeted the them and credentialed , but from time to them they reached the little known and uninfluential . Mr. Trump penned a letter of encouragement in 2014 Mr. Trump’s an     student in Texas , John Russell Niederer , who had expressed a desire to meet him . " Work hard and be smart , " Mr. Trump told him . The letter now hangs on Mr. Niederer ’s bedroom wall . " For him to take the time to send a message Mr. Trump’s like me , " he said , " was really , really cool . " A vindictive side is never far from view in Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s correspondence . After the basketball legend Kareem    wrote Mr. Trump’s essay in Mr. Trump’s Washington a letter of encouragement in 2014 to an    student in Texas, John Russell Niederer, who had expressed a desire to meet him Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , Mr. Trump sent him a copy of Mr. Niederer’s essay with a biting message sprawled across it . " Now I know why Mr. Niederer’s press always treated you so badly   —    they could n’t stand you , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s The fact is that you do n’t have a clue about life and what has to be done to Mr. Trump’s again ! " Mr. Mr. Trump’s he was Mr. Trump’s . " It was a critical essay in The Washington Post about Mr. Trump’s candidacy petty and childish reaction , like a a copy of the essay boy responding to being turned down for a date by whining , ‘ Well , nobody the press you!’ " he said Mr. Trump’s likened Mr. Trump ’s decision to write his reply on the original article to " a dog urinating on a tree to mark its territory . " Mr.    had to get rid of Mr.    letter . " I crumpled it up real nice and tight and skyhooked it into my wastepaper basket , " he recalled , invoking his trademark shot . Others can not let go . " Mr.    ’m definitely Mr.    it , " Mr. Sykes , the Mr.    host , said of his letter . " Probably in a desk drawer . " a tree a letter of encouragement in 2014 to an    student in Texas, John Russell Niederer, who had expressed a desire to meet him a letter of encouragement in 2014 to an    student in Texas, John Russell Niederer, who had expressed a desire to meet him a letter of encouragement in 2014 to an    student in Texas, John Russell Niederer, who had expressed a desire to meet him Mr.    Mr.    Mr.    Mr.    