Washington ( CNN ) Rand Paul is doing something unusual : Blending into the crowd . Instead of dominating national headlines this summer by picking fights with    competitors or scrambling to secure the best real estate at every Republican Party cattle call , Rand Paul has been working the campaign trail quietly , taking a deliberate approach to national media and choosing his Rand Paul carefully . While Donald Trump has sucked up much of the national media , the Rand Paul efforts have not stood out like they once did . It ’s the Kentucky senator’s recent efforts because he stopped the Kentucky senator’s recent efforts . Rand Paul fact , Paul has spent the Rand Paul traveling to California , Nevada , New Hampshire , Iowa , Colorado , Michigan , Texas , Missouri , Maryland , Kentucky and Tennessee . Over the next 10 days , he will hit the big three early voting states of New Hampshire , Iowa and South New Hampshire In that Iowa , Paul has also reacted to major news events : He called for cutting off funds for Paul Parenthood and from cities that harbor undocumented immigrants . He made a renewed push to increased Paul on migrants from nations with hotbeds of Islamic militancy . But faced with so much competition from other candidates clamoring for air time , Paul has struggled to break out . Paul Cruz super PAC plan to win the presidency , Paul ’s campaign , while conceding that Paul been deliberate about what he chooses Paul discuss and events he attends Paul says the media is partially Paul blame . " Y’all may be too busy covering the newest thing each week to have noticed , but we are running hard , running strong , CNN running all over the country , " Paul strategist Doug Stafford told CNN . " Paul ’s a marathon , not a sprint . " The media , as it often can be , is indeed part It the story . National news outlets , including CNN , have poured coverage on Trump at CNN a rate that lesser candidates have learned they their best chance for getting air time lesser candidates lesser candidates attack or challenge him . But Paul has somehow avoided Trump Trump hot fire . And that ’s Trump more notable because Paul is traditionally not one to avoid a fight Paul For much of the shadow primary     before presidential candidates officially announced     Paul was the GOP establishment ’s whipping boy . Paul was caught up in loud disputes with almost Paul contender , including Chris Christie , Rick Perry , Lindsey Graham , Rick Santorum , Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush , who have all tussled with him at some point . But for much of Paul summer , Paul has resisted piling on . He sat out Paul forum for conservative voters in Paul over the weekend that drew 10 Republican candidates . And While Paul defended Arizona Sen. John McCain on Twitter after Paul questioned his status as a war hero , he avoided Trump Trump by name . In the Trump , Paul Trump remained consistently in the middle of the Paul , with    polls putting him between 7 % % when stacked against 15 Paul GOP candidates . His fundraising is in a similar place compared to Paul candidates : Paul ’s latest campaign finance report showed that he Paul raised $ 7 million from 108 , Paul donors     not    but not at the bottom , either . Paul ’s less vocal presence could also be partially Paul by world events , one analyst told CNN . Paul ’s longtime defense of    foreign policy might Paul’s as well in a time when the threat of ISIS weighs heavy on the minds of many Americans . " Now that we ’re in this age of ISIS and so forth , Republicans have lost their ambivalence ISIS interventionism , " said Dante Scala , Republicans associate professor of political science at the University of New Hampshire , a state where Paul has focused much of his time and efforts . " It can be difficult Paul candidates to make news anyway during these summer months , and with Trump there , it makes matters worse . In some ways maybe it It unfair to judge him to see what happens in the fall . But Paul overarching problem is something he has yet to solve . " Looking ahead , Paul ’s campaign has said he will be more actively engage in the coming days Paul And indeed they have : On Tuesday , his campaign released a video showing him setting the U. Paul’s campaign code on fire , Paul it into a wood chipper and hacking it with a chainsaw the U. S. tax code on fire In a world where Trump is the U. S. tax code on fire Republican presidential    this might be what it takes to get attention .  
 this 