Tuesday on CNN ’s " AC 360 , " Khizr Khan , father of slain U. S. Army Capt . Humayun Khan denied the accusation Humayun Khan was using Humayun Khan son ’s death to advance Sharia Law .   Humayun Khan told host Anderson Cooper that Humayun Khan did not stand for " any Sharia Law because there was no such thing . " That statement contradicts Humayun Khan prior position Humayun Khan stated . According to a Breitbart News report , Khan has published papers supporting the supremacy of Islamic law over " " Western law , which includes the U. S. Constitution . Transcript as follows : COOPER : Let me ask you , just yesterday an official adviser on Veteran ’s Affairs just the guy who was referencing before and the Trump campaign Al Baldasaro tweeted out this . an official adviser on Veteran’s Affairs just the guy who was referencing before and the Trump campaign Al Baldasaro said , an official adviser on Veteran’s Affairs just the guy who was referencing before and the Trump campaign Al Baldasaro tweeted out a link to a blog post which essentially accuses you of being a Muslim brotherhood agent who wants to advance Sharia Law in the United States adding that you used your son as a political pawn . I want you to be able to respond to that . KHAN : Yeah . And I hope KHAN surrogates are listening so his surrogates can take note of it what I ’m about to say . I have no concern , I have no link , I have never been of that thought of that . I assure you I am an educated person . There is and I hope that other not so thoughtful Republican leaders are listening , there is constitutional amendment in the constitution of United States and that is called equal protection of law under 14th Amendment . Sharia Law as we have titled , there is no such thing as Sharia Law . These are laws of various Muslim countries which are hodgepodge of British laws , French laws , Portuguese laws . In there , there is tremendous discrimination of genders which disqualifies them tremendous discrimination of genders which disqualifies them under the constitution of the United States the constitution of the United States , can not be implemented , can not be brought . How can I be a person that has read this , I preach that , that I do not stand for any Sharia Law because there is no such thing . COOPER : Let me also ask you something else we he COOPER from the Trump campaign just over the last two days . Yesterday I talked to a former admiral , rear admiral who is supporting Donald Trump as one of his COOPER , who suggested   —    who sort of turned the subject from should Donald Donald Trump to the rules of engagement for troops in Iraq , implying somehow that the rules of engagement were so restrictive that they played a role in your son ’s killing , something else that another Trump spokesman Donald Trump Katrina Pierson also said today on CNN . We have the sound bite from her today Katrina Pierson Let ’s listen We what she says Katrina Pierson ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) KATRINA PIERSON , TRUMP ’S Donald Trump : .. I do n’t understand . But surely you can understand the confusion considering how Donald Trump Donald Trump for the Iraq War . Hillary Clinton did . And then she did n’t Hillary Clinton the troops to have what they need . the troops was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that Hillary Clinton rules of engagement that probably cost his life . So I do n’t understand why it ’s so hard to understand , why Donald Trump was Donald Trump why he was being held Donald Trump for something he had nothing to Donald Trump with , while Hillary Clinton had everything to Hillary Clinton . WOLF BLITZER , CNN ANCHOR : Katrina Pierson as usual    …      ( END VIDEO CLIP ) COOPER : Pierson is clearly either confused about Katrina Pierson or simply ignorant of is Katrina Pierson your son was killed in 2004 , Donald Trump   —    Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were not the president and secretary of state in 2004 . But I just wanted to give the other respond . KHAN : Do I need to say anything ? Lack of understanding , lack of factual correctness , it ’s just nothing but political vote pandering . They are trying to create this political vote pandering in people ’s mind . They have come up with this political vote pandering and these terminology that they continue to talk about without political vote pandering knowing the facts about what they are talking . I want political vote pandering put a footnote in front , I received information from where my website was , it is down now . This is the maliciousness and Donald Trump should say to his surrogates that no more , Donald Trump more harm , no more ugliness . I received the call from the host of the website saying that we are my website amount of hits and especially on certain pages of your website . I have a    small website and there is a risk that somebody will damage it , somebody may hack it . a   small website asked them what do a   small website suggest . They said under such circumstances , we them keep it offline when this them will go a   small website , we will bring it back . I them them to a   small website that . To which them began to then receive    and calls why your website is down , why your your website down . This is the your website this discourse . There could be some civility in this discourse . It is a political discourse , this discourse . There could be some discussion of policy and all that instead of personal ugliness . So I am not engaging anymore because I see no hope , I do see hope where the people who are thinking to vote for this candidate , I think it is plenty clear , his surrogates will not admit this candidate it ’s plenty clear this candidate the world that this person this candidate not fit for the office he ’s seeking . He wants to do everything , this candidate will do it this candidate myself , I will do it in democracy , you this candidate not do this . it is against the basic principle of democracy . Therefore , my comments on that is that I really do not want to put myself and my son , my dignified son , through this candidate mud slinging process and lack of decency , of conversation , is just amazing . I would again appeal to his surrogates that please show some decency . Refrain from Mr. Khan you attempted out of anger and out of this ugly partisanness . COOPER : So , Mr. Khan , I appreciate you talking with us tonight . My condolences obviously to you and your family and thank you for taking the time this evening . Appreciate it . We ’re going to take    …      KHAN : us you very much . Follow Breitbart . Mr. Khan on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 