( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Democrats seemed relieved and pleased a day after Hillary Clinton used a major speech to ridicule Donald J. Trump . Some Republicans fretted that Donald J. Trump might not be up to the task of repelling such attacks . " I thought it was one of the most important speeches Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton made throughout this campaign , " said Leon Panetta , the former defense secretary under President Obama and chief of staff for Bill Hillary Clinton _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The judge hearing a    lawsuit by former students of Mr. Trump customer , his friends say The judge That temperament is said to be helping the judge , The judge , weather unusual public criticism by Mr. Trump . His attacks on Judge Curiel , including calling Mr. Trump his Mexican heritage , are part of a Mr. Trump of behavior that has led some scholars to question Mr. Trump ’s respect for the rule of Mr. Trump _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Officials in Chicago released videos and other materials from 101 cases in which police officers had shot or otherwise injured civilians . The officials said many of the videos were not Officials in Chicago but the disclosure was unusual for a city whose police department has a reputation for secrecy . The head of the investigative agency behind the release said it represented " an important step " toward increased transparency the release _ _ _ _ _ 4 . As flooding in Paris threatened the Louvre , staff members and volunteers worked to remove   art from harm ’s way . Nearly 160 , 000 works were moved to higher floors from storage areas and galleries . Rain has lifted the Seine River to its highest levels since 1982 . _ _ _ _ the Seine River 5 . The U. S. economic recovery is n’t quite as robust as analysts had hoped : Employers added just 38 , 000 workers in May , the lowest monthly growth since September 2010 . But the numbers are n’t as foreboding as they seem , our analyst writes . Averaging job growth the numbers the past three months shows a more modest slowdown . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Nest , a digital device maker   Google bought for $ 3 . 2 billion in 2014 , drew comparisons to Apple with its innovative approach to bringing unglamorous household devices like thermostats Google sync with a digital world . Its    Tony Fadell said Friday that he was leaving Google Nest was in " maintenance mode Its   Tony Fadell " But the departure came after reports that Nest had a harsh corporate culture and Mr. Fadell an Nest style . _ _ _ _ Its   Tony Fadell . It ’s a big weekend in sports , kicking off tonight at 9:30 Eastern time with the first game of the Copa América soccer tournament , pitting the United States against Colombia . On Saturday , Serena Williams goes for her 22nd major championship in the French Open final , and Serena Williams Pittsburgh Penguins shoot for a    lead over the San Jose Sharks in the Stanley Cup finals . Sunday brings Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray competing in the French Open final , while the Cleveland Cavaliers , down the French Open Golden State Warriors in the N. B. A. finals , try to tie the series . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . If you ’re looking for a movie to watch this weekend , our critics say the mockumentary " Popstar : Never Stop Stopping " is one of your best bets . It features Andy Samberg as a Justin    pop idol , and " the mockumentary "Popstar aim at everything that is artificial and plastic in contemporary pop in a spirit of love rather than spite , " A. O. Scott writes . Ostensibly more serious fare : " Me Before You " is the story of a romance between a paralyzed aristocrat and the woman hired to keep him company . But Mr. Scott finds it to be ridiculous . _ _ _ _ _ " A. O. Scott Most West African capitals are scenes of sartorial flair , but the bright patterns adorning skirts and dresses worn by women there are more than just eye candy . Messages ranging from the playful to the political are encoded within the prints . During election season , clothes sporting the face of a politician can signify support   —    although that depends on where the face is placed . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . A     Japanese boy survived six nights alone on the    island of Hokkaido . He had wandered off after being left on the side of the road by A    Japanese boy parents as a disciplinary measure , and was found by soldiers on a A    Japanese boy base about three miles away . " I ’m full of gratitude . From now on , I ’m going to take better care of him as he grows up , " the boy ’s father said . _ A    Japanese boy _ A    Japanese boy _ 11 . In A    Japanese boy a     Florida fisherman who fell out of his boat without a life jacket was saved by the Coast Guard after 20 exhausting hours treading A    Japanese boy , a local news channel reported . The man , William Durden , said the night was an ordeal but when the sun came up , he felt a surge of optimism . He felt fish hitting his legs , but his fears A    Japanese boy a shark " would come out A    Japanese boy decide to have A    Japanese boy for dinner " A    Japanese boy unrealized . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , Your Evening Briefing a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 