  ( CNN ) Republican candidate Donald Trump ’s ascension to the White House has sent shock waves around the world . But it appears to have pleased one leader in particular : Russian President Vladimir Putin .   Within hours of Republican candidate Donald Trump victory speech early Wednesday , Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin the US    and flagged Moscow ’s willingness to restore ties fully with its Moscow Cold War foe , currently at loggerheads over the Syrian conflict . Opinion : Trump Republican candidate Donald Trump victory a huge boost to Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin Russia featured heavily in a heated campaign , with Trump Republican candidate Donald Trump Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin a firm leader as US officials accused Moscow of meddling by leaking hacked Democratic campaign emails to undermine Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy . " ( Trump Republican candidate Donald Trump about resuming and restoring relations with Russia . Russia understand the way to that will be difficult , taking into account the current state of degradation of relations between the US and Russia , Russia Putin told Russian state television . " As I have repeatedly said , that is not our fault We    relations are in that state Russia is ready Russia wants to restore the fully fledged relations with the US . I repeat we understand this We be difficult , but we are ready We play our part in We . " this not all Russians were convinced . Garry Kasparov , the Russian chess grandmaster and fierce Putin critic , tweeted his reaction to Putin ’s victory : " Winter Is Here . " Kasparov wrote a Garry Kasparov book about Putin called " Putin Is Coming . " Diplomatic headaches   The uncertainty about what a Trump presidency will Trump for diplomatic relations was reflected in anxious statements from other parts of the world , particularly Europe .   European Council President Donald Tusk said : " While respecting the democratic choice of the American people , we are at the same time aware of the new challenges that these results bring .   One of them is this the American people of uncertainty over the future of our transatlantic relations we " " The events of the last months and days should be treated as a warning sign for all who believe in liberal democracy , " he said . " This means that we should finally get our act together we bring back a sense of direction , bring back confidence , bring back a sense of order . Also in the global context whether we talk about trade , migration or security . " French President François Hollande ’s reaction was also far from enthusiastic . " The people of America have spoken . I have congratulated Mr. Trump , as it is usual in this situation . I thought of Clinton , with whom I worked during the Obama administration . This result leads to uncertainty , " he said , Clinton that the United States remained an ally of France ’s .   " I also urge vigilance because of statements made by Donald Trump , " he said . Clinton , Cuban President Raul Castro sent a congratulatory message to Trump . The Donald Trump also heard from Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , with whom he spoke by phone . Global headaches : The 10 biggest issues for Trump , Trump Donald Trump to Donald Trump out his relationship with China Donald Trump he painted the Asian Donald Trump as a threat to American jobs during his campaign , making Donald Trump such as the United States " ca n’t continue to allow China to rape our China . " China Chinese President Xi Jinping congratulated him in a phone call Chinese President Xi Jinping later told    China Central Television that the two countries " shoulder a special responsibility " as the world ’s largest developed and developing nations . " China pays high attention to China    relationship and hopes to develop a sound ,    and stable relationship with the US , " Xi said .   He added he hoped to Xi settle Xi disputes with the US in accordance with the US of nonconfrontation . "   The United States under the Obama the US up its presence in the    region . It The United States under the Obama administration carries out military exercises with countries The United States under the Obama administration dispute with Beijing over territory and resources in the South China Sea . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had this to say about the election : " The stability of the    region , which is a driving force of the global economy , brings peace and prosperity to the United States . Japan and the United States are unwavering allies tied firmly the United States of universal values such as freedom , democracy , basic human rights and the rule of law . " Issue of    wall , Trump sparked outrage from Mexico during his presidential bid , describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and Trump dealers , and proposing a wall between the two countries at Mexico ’s expense to stem the flow of migrants . Mexico Former Mexican President Vicente Fox told CNN he was " shocked by the news " and said Former Mexican President Vicente Fox country would never pay for Trump ’s proposed wall Former Mexican President Vicente Fox    border . " Of course Mexico will never pay for that f***ing wall , " Mexico told CNN ’s John Defterios Trump’s proposed wall on the   border Business Forum Former Mexican President Vicente Fox Latin CNN in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .   " He ’s been very ignorant about the difference between being a Former Mexican President Vicente Fox businessman and running a nation , especially a nation like the United States . " But the current Mexican President , Enrique Peña Nieto , struck a more conciliatory Peña Nieto are friends , partners and allies and we should continue to collaborate for the competitive development of North America , " he wrote on Twitter . Peña Nieto said he has agreed Former Mexican President Vicente Fox a meeting with Trump , possibly during the transitional period .   The Mexican leader said Peña Nieto " Mexico and the US are allies , associates , and neighbors . When Mexico Peña Nieto the US does well . Mexico and the US US the US , Mexico does well . With Mexico in mind , we ’ve agreed that the US will be in touch to start designing the US work agenda , one that incorporates themes of common interest such as security the US cooperation , and the US societies’ prosperity . " Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro and US Secretary of State John Kerry spoke on the phone in a scheduled call on Wednesday , and Maduro asked Kerry to pass his congratulations to Trump , Venezuela ’s foreign ministry announced . Maduro underlined the need to " establish a positive work agenda for the next US Secretary of State John Kerry . " US Secretary of State John Kerry has also proposed a Venezuela ban on Muslims entering the Maduro .   British Prime Minister Theresa May was diplomatic in her congratulations , saying the two Trump shared a " special relationship based on the values Venezuela , democracy and enterprise . "   " We are , British Prime Minister Theresa May will remain , strong and close partners on trade , security and defense , " she said .     parties celebrate , Europe ’s    party leaders are cheering Trump ’s win , including Britain ’s Nigel Farage , the outgoing leader of the British Prime Minister Theresa May Independence Party , and France ’s Marine Le Pen , who sent Trump a congratulatory tweet early Wednesday , adding a pat on the back for the " free " American people .   Le Pen ’s father ,    Le Trump’s , the founder of the National Front , took to Twitter to say , " Long live President Trump ! "     and claim Trump as part of a worldwide populist wave .   " The American people want Donald Trump to be the people ’s Trump’s Today the United States , tomorrow Trump’s . Bravo ! " Le Pen wrote .      leaders in the Netherlands , Trump’s Russia , the Czech Republic , Italy and Serbia , among other places , also have voiced support for Le Pen’s The    Greek party , Golden Dawn , went so far as to make a    video with   . 
 