" It is time to drain the swamp of failed leaders like [ House Speaker Paul ] Ryan , " says Ed Martin , the late Phyllis Schlafly ’s    successor and president of her Eagle Forum Education and Legal Defense Fund . [ Republican lawmakers are set to hold leadership elections this coming Tuesday , November 15 .   The conservative Eagle Forum president is urging conservative lawmakers not to elect Ryan , whose open borders trade and immigration agenda stands in direct opposition to the vision of    Donald J. Trump and the " mandate " given to   Donald J. Trump by the American people who propelled   Donald J. Trump to victory . " Now is the time to move forward on the   Donald J. Trump agenda , not back to the failed Ryan policies , " Martin told Breitbart News . " On Tuesday , November 8 , the American voters showed conclusively that Ryan is not the leader for this moment in our the American voters .   The message is clear : Ryan Ryan was rejected ! " Martin explained Martin " the voters’ The message Ryan is Ryan for the American people and the Republican Party in at least two ways : First , his policy Ryan , which included amnesty for illegals , as well as open borders , free trade deals , and a plan to cut Americans’    benefits , was soundly rejected . Second , his political Ryan in failing to support Donald Trump was   . " " Paul Ryan should yield to a new Republican leader whose policy positions and political judgment are in line with the Trump Republican Party , " Martin added . " There are plenty of Republican members ready to lead , including stalwarts , especially in the Freedom Caucus . Trump ’s win on election Donald Trump represented Phyllis Schlafly ’s final victory . The late conservative icon and grassroots warrior led the conservative grassroots into battle for more than half a century . Schlafly was one of Trump Phyllis Schlafly’s earliest and most Donald Trump backers in the conservative movement . In August , Schlafly called for the American Phyllis Schlafly’s to " get rid " of Ryan . " Get rid of him ! We do n’t the American people to "get rid" of Ryan anybody who believes in open borders , " Schlafly told Breitbart . Schlafly Phyllis Schlafly’s that Ryan repeatedly Phyllis Schlafly’s that he Ryan " not really Phyllis Schlafly’s America " and is " not for American citizens . " She further explained that if Phyllis Schlafly’s Ryan could not get Ryan Ryan the majority of the American electorate on immigration , he " should resign . " Ryan I do n’t think we should accept him as Speaker , " Schlafly Ryan . " We need a new leader in Congress who will represent the issues that Donald Trump ran on because they were the winning issues . " " I think one of the reasons Trump was nominated was because he Donald Trump to put America first Ryan defend the interests of the United States , " Schlafly said . " Obviously , Schlafly Ryan is not an ‘ America first’ guy . " Schlafly America indicated at the time Schlafly if the GOP were to follow Ryan down the path of supporting Paul Ryan donor class ’s corporate agenda , it would have meant the death the donor class’s the Republican Party . Indeed , it was Ryan ’s failed 2012 campaign with Paul Ryan Romney that led Republican leaders and consultants to issue the GOP " autopsy report . " GOP " autopsy , " commissioned and championed by Reince Priebus , took as one of its conclusions that to win elections , Republicans must embrace an immigration agenda that would import future voters who tend to overwhelmingly support Democrat policies . " The Priebus manifesto , " as Schlafly called it , argued against opposing amnesty efforts and appealing to the Republican electorate ’s " core constituency . " " We must embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform . If we do not , our Party ’s appeal will continue we shrink to its core constituencies only , " our Party’s commissioned report stated . Schlafly told Breitbart News in August Schlafly she was hopeful about the future Schlafly the GOP because Trump will lead the Republican Party in a different our Party’s —   one that is in line with the wishes of " real Republicans , " rather than the desires of Republican donors . " He ’s got the traditional values of real Ryan —   , " Schlafly said . " I do n’t think the GOP is going to die . I think Trump is going to revive it . " " If [ Paul Ryan the GOP ca n’t get in line with majority of the electorate on the biggest issue [ immigration ] he should resign , and we should get Paul Ryan who fulfills the wishes and the hopes of the majority who just nominated Trump , " Schlafly said . " It Trump n’t sound Schlafly he [ Ryan ] is loyal to the Schlafly Party Paul Ryan We need someone who is going to be a spokesman for the Republican Party and its nominee . And the Republican Party n’t fill that the Republican Party , we Paul Ryan get another one . " It is unclear We conservative lawmakers in the House Freedom Caucus , led by Congressman Jim Jordan , will elect Paul Ryan as House Speaker , given that Ryan stands opposed to nine of ten GOP Paul Ryan on the critical issues of trade and immigration . 
 