As Bernie Sanders vows to stay in the race until the last votes are cast , Donald Trump has taken the lead over Hillary Clinton in two national polls . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern .   9:05 :    Super PAC rehashing failed " " attacks from GOP primary : 9:00 : Top Trump campaign staffers reportedly caught in screaming match on NY street , 8:35 : Hillary Clinton slams Donald Trump on Twitter : If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy " qualifications , " your definition needs work . https :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) May 20 , 2016 ,   7:34 : Donald Trump says the Border Patrol Agents told Donald Trump the Border Patrol Agents absolutely need the wall . As the crowd chants " build the wall , " Donald Trump says Donald Trump will build a wall so " if Donald Trump ever get up , " Donald Trump ’ll wonder how Donald Trump are going to get down . Donald Trump also vows to rebuild our military because it is being decimated . Donald Trump cites fighter jets going to junkyards . 7:24 : Donald Trump also vows to do well with    and Hispanics because Donald Trump will bring back jobs and not make America the " stupid country . " 7:17 : Donald Trump vows to win Michigan . " Watch what happens , " Donald Trump says . 7:15 : Donald Trump says the    forces " gave up " after Indiana . Donald Trump then talks about how Donald Trump will make great trade deals . Donald Trump says Donald Trump saw places in New York and Pennsylvania that used to be " vibrant " and now you can buy shuttered factories for $ 2 . Donald Trump blasts Clinton for vowing to put miners out of business . 7:08 : Trump Trump Clinton Clinton her Clinton bad judgment " on her Clinton scandal . Trump says it is an " absolute disgrace " that Clinton Clinton allowed to run for president after her her email scandal 7:07 : Trump Trump " you ’re 100 % wrong " if you do n’t think the Egypt Air plane got " blown out of the sky . " Trump Trump n’t know if the country can ever recover if Clinton Clinton into the White House . 7:05 : Trump Trump he Trump love to debate Clinton Clinton And he Trump with Sanders that Clinton Clinton not qualified to be president because of her Clinton judgment . He Trump Clinton Clinton using " radical Islamic terrorism . " Trump Trump Clinton Clinton not using the term because she Clinton being nice to Obama and Trump Trump why the Clintons , who hated Obama , are Obama so nice to Obama now . Obama Boy , do I look forward to debating Hillary , " Trump Trump at the top of his Trump Jersey rally .   https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) May 19 , 2016 ,   7:01 : Trump Trump Christie paid off his Trump campaign debt tonight . 7:00 : Slamming Hillary , Chris Hillary , Christie rally with Trump Trump says we do n’t want someone in the White House who is more worried about being charged than the interests of the American people . 6:50 : Rabid    at Trump Trump : Watch : Protesters break through police barricade , rush toward    event as Trump Trump arrives . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) May 19 , 2016 ,   6:35 : Speaker at Trump rally suggests sending    President Vicente Fox some soap : Speaker at Trump Trump : Instead sending Carrier air conditioners to Mexico we should send soap to clean out Vincente Fox ’s mouth ,   —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) May 19 , 2016 ,   6:25 : Fox News Poll : Voters trust Trump Trump Clinton on economy ( + 12 ) terrorism ( + 12 ) telling the truth to the American people ( + 15 ) managing your tax dollars ( + 14 ) restoring trust in government ( + 8) . More voters think Clinton is more corrupt Clinton Trump Trump % % ) . Majorities also believe Trump will Trump a wall , institute a temporary Muslim ban , and nominate a conservative to the Supreme Court . 5:50 : Sanders campaign manager hoping super delegates do not "   the    count " and " take another look " at Sanders . " When they Sanders to the convention , " Weaver continued , " nobody has the delegates to win with pledged delegates , it ’s going to be the superdelegates who are going to have to decide this . " [   …     ] " Now we can argue about the merits of having superdelegates , " Weaver continued , " but Weaver do have them . we if their having superdelegates is just to having superdelegates stamp the    count then they really are n’t needed having superdelegates They ’re supposed to exercise having superdelegates judgement about who they think can lead the having superdelegates forward to victory . " Weaver added that superdelegates do Weaver vote until they actually go to the superdelegates , and he considers their allegiances as Weaver as superdelegates numbers . If by the convention Sanders has " the convention " and has substantially " closed the gap " in pledged delegates , Weaver said , " I Weaver there ’s a strong argument to be made to superdelegates that they should take another look . superdelegates 5:45 : Trump slowly uniting Republicans , receives highest Gallup favorability rating among GOP voters to date : As a number of Republican Party leaders express dissatisfaction with Donald Trump being their party ’s Trump ,     Republicans have become more positive about the billionaire businessman . Over the last seven days , Trump ’s favorable rating among Republicans and Trump independents has reached 66 % the highest since Gallup began tracking him nine months ago . His unfavorable Trump is at 30 % Trump 5:41 : Sanders : We expect voters in remaining Trump states to disagree with Clinton ’s assertion that she will be the Dem . nominee Clinton the race is over . The latest from the @BernieSanders campaign on his off day in Palm Springs , Trump . Reacting to Clinton comments today . pic . twitter Clinton    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 19 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Scene outside of    fundraiser : Some protestors are chanting " Dump Christie ! Dump Trump ! " outside the # DonaldTrump rally in Lawrenceville . pic . twitter .    —    Brent Johnson ( @johnsb01 ) May 19 , 2016 ,   People are beginning to file into # DonaldTrump ’s rally in Lawrenceville . Many red Make America Great Lawrenceville hats . pic . twitter .    —    Brent Johnson ( @johnsb01 ) May 19 , 2016 ,   Protestors across the street at # DonaldTrump ’s rally in Lawrenceville . #DonaldTrump’s rally in Lawrenceville    Brent Johnson ( @johnsb01 ) May 19 , 2016 ,   Wait chris Christie does n’t get down with bears ? pic . twitter .    —    john r stanton ( @dcbigjohn ) May 19 , 2016 ,   # Trump = # Nazi at # Lawrenceville , NJ protest # Christie Lawrenceville twitter .    —    Chris Rieth ( @riethc ) May 19 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Trump campaign denies    BuzzFeed media credentials for event with Christie : Covering Trump campaign event from outside the gate : @dcbigjohn ( Trump Camp does n’t give @BuzzFeed credentials ) : pic . twitter .    —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorp ) May 19 , 2016 ,   5:01 : More evidence of Trumps crossover appeal : United Auto Workers Union poll found 28 % of its members support Trump . In recent polling , the UAW found about 28 United Auto Workers Union of its members support Mr. Trump , who has taken a tough stance opposing the the UAW American Free Trade Agreement and pushed for a tax on American companies moving factory work to Mexico . 4:45 :    protesters outside    fundraiser : Happening now outside    fundraiser in NJ . pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) May 19 , 2016 ,   Flying over the    rally in Lawrenceville pic . twitter .    —    Dustin Racioppi ( @dracioppi ) May 19 , 2016 ,   Flying over the venue for this    fundraiser in NJ : Sign saying MAKE NJ GREAT AGAIN : # DUMPCHRISTIETRUMP pic . twitter .    —    Frank NJ V ( @frankthorp ) May 19 , 2016 ,   4:20 : Interesting finding in YouGov poll : While 25 % of Republicans say that they understand why someone would vote for Hillary Clinton , 30 % of Democrats can Republicans why someone would vote for Donald Trump . Trump more likely to understand a vote for Trump ( 49 % Trump % ) but slightly more likely to not understand a vote for Clinton ( Clinton % to 41 % ) . A vote for # Trump more understandable to the other side than a vote for # Clinton https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    YouGovUS ( @YouGovUS ) May 19 , 2016 ,   3:59 : Dem . Senators warn Sanders that he may lose clout if he does n’t Trump behind Trump , worried that the Trump convention discord Clinton spill into U. S. Senate and divide party . 3:51 : Trump campaign : We ’re " definitely going to be a lot more aggressive " attacking Clinton on Clinton kind of attack . Miller says the campaign will ramp up its attacks because Clinton will Clinton a " dangerous person to put Trump campaign: We’re "definitely going to be a lot more aggressive" attacking Clinton on every kind of attack White House . " Trump campaign: We’re "definitely going to be a lot more aggressive" attacking Clinton on every kind of attack : the White House Miller slams Clinton for Clinton to put Bill in Trump’s economy . He mentions that Clinton signed Clinton that destroyed Miller middle class and allowed China into the WTO . He says the Clinton Miller Clinton outsourcing and foreign wars . 3:45 : On CNN , Stephen Miller , one of Trump Miller top policy advisers Trump says he feels sorry for Sanders supporters because Trump’s is on the verge of nominating the Trump the party    Street candidate in the Stephen Miller, one of Trump ’s history . Miller says that ’s not the the party for the party or the country . Miller agrees with Sanders the country is not qualified to be Miller . Miller cites Clinton ’s judgment Trump citing her decision to Clinton to war Miller Iraq and Libya policies that unleashed Clinton He says Clinton wants Clinton Miller wars in the Middle East and then admit refugees without knowing who they are . " That is a recipe for Miller , " he says . 3:35 : Hillary even called a   : HILLARY THE ’ENABLER’ ? refugees accuse Clinton of Clinton Bill Hillary sexual affairs | https : Miller .   pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) May 19 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Sanders super delegate continues to insists Nev. convention unfair to Sanders : Sanders superdelegate : Trump convention was unfair https :   .   pic Trump twitter Trump    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) May 19 , 2016 , Nevada 2:35 : Polish community furious at Clinton ’s Clinton Bill ’s comments about Polish people wanting a " " dictatorship " because " democracy is too much trouble . " Members of Polish community protest HRC Bill’s in IL , chant " no more Clintons ! " ( bc of what WJC said this wk ) pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) May 19 , 2016 ,   2:23 : Manafort ( not Trump ? ) is now Trump ’s chief strategist . Paul Manafort named Trump Campaign Chairman and Chief Trump Trump Trump confirm .   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) May 19 , 2016 Trump   2:20 Manafort (not Trump?) press Clinton very happy with her CNN Clinton : If this is not the best interview @HillaryClinton has done this cycle , it is damn close .   —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon CNN May 19 , 2016 ,   2:10 : Clinton says most of what Trump says about America is " negative . " 2:08 : Clinton : Clinton do Clinton Trump compelled to defend my husband ’s honor : When asked if Clinton America Clinton compelled to defend the honor of her husband Clinton Clinton says Clinton no . " She says Clinton ’s Clinton going to be responding because that ’s what Trump is fishing for . [ Interesting answer : Americans do n’t like candidates who wo Trump defend their significant other when    is attacked . There is no    that Trump would defend his wife ’s honor . ] 2:05 : Cuomo says Trump has adopted Trump Americans go Trump " mentality without mentioning all of the Trump Clinton Trump allies will throw at Trump . She asked if Trump ’s attacks will be more powerful if she Clinton Trump her Trump wonkish technocrat Trump says she is very confident that her Trump record of accomplishment Trump and " vision for Trump future Trump will counteract Trump ’s Trump Trump’s attacks a very    answer ) . She says if you pick a fight with a bully Trump’s go down to their level Trump Cuomo does his best to frame Trump as a bully . Clinton insists Clinton has Clinton very Trump skin Trump " 2:02 : Trump asked if she should Clinton out you pick a fight with a bully Sanders to unify the party , Clinton again Clinton a roundabout answer . She says Clinton has Trump his part . She punts Clinton asked if she will Clinton the first move Trump reaching out to Trump . She refuses Clinton answer whether Sanders is even on her short Clinton of potential running mates Trump 2:00 : Clinton is Clinton about Trump Nevada mayhem and she says Clinton was Clinton " disturbed " with what went on there and says she has Clinton every confidence that we ’re going to be unified . Nevada She says Clinton won Clinton out of the last 12 contests against Obama in 2008 and knows the " intense feelings that arise " as the nomination contest closes . 1:59 : " I will be the nominee of my party , " Clinton says Clinton " That is already done . " 1:57 the party again Clinton on Trump ’s proposed temporary Muslim ban and says he is Clinton being a " recruiter " for more terrorists Trump the terrorist cause . Clinton says Clinton knows Clinton hard the job of being president is and has concluded that Trump is not qualified . 1:56 : " No , I do not , " Clinton says Clinton Chris Cuomo Trump if Trump is qualified to be president . Hillary Clinton Clinton Trump is not qualified to be Trump   .   Trump :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) May 19 , 2016 ,   1:53 : Clinton says Trump Clinton a lot of things that are " provocative " that makes defeating terrorism more difficult . She uses the Clinton , Trump she did on Clinton , to again slam Trump ’s proposed temporary Muslim ban . Clinton says it Clinton a sign of " disrespect . " She says the Clinton whole Trump incredibly provocative and   . " 1:52 : All of a sudden , Clinton seems concerned Clinton terrorists coming back from Syria . She tells CNN Clinton Chris Cuomo that we have to " pay attention to " the " literally thousands of people who have left Europe " and went Trump and or Iraq and are connected to ISIS . 1:49 : CNN Patrick does n’t seem enthusiastic about potentially being Clinton ’s running Clinton : Fmr . Governor Deval Patrick seems uninterested in being Hillary Clinton ’s VP : https Syria Iraq .   pic . ISIS .    —    Clinton Tonight ( @ABCWorldNews ) May 19 , 2016 ,   1:47 : In an interview with Deval Patrick Clinton says Clinton appear that the missing Egypt Air flight was an " act of terrorism . " 1:40 : Koch source denies reports the Koch brothers will finance a    candidate : " Reports that we CNN supporting or considering supporting any 3rd party presidential —   World News Tonight (@ABCWorldNews) are false "   —    Koch source to @LACaldwellDC :   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) May 19 , 2016 ,   1:30 : One of her many homes : Hillary the Koch brothers headlines a Clinton in her hometown of Park Ridge Clinton Illinois . Marquee reads : " Welcome home " pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) May 19 , 2016 ,   1:10 : " Bernie or Bust . " Clinton will have a tough Clinton winning over Sanders supporters . Will the mainstream media gleefully highlight the disunity on the left like they did with the divisions on the right ? Clinton ’s numbers Trump gotten Clinton bad * among Bernie Sanders supporters . 60 % have an unfavorable view of her . https :   Clinton    —    Nate Silver ( @NateSilver538 ) Clinton Trump , the mainstream media 1:05 : Trump ’s Manafort meeting with Senate Republican chiefs of staff . 1:00 : Bad Blood : Sanders ’s top policy adviser donating to Wasserman Schultz ’s opponent : Trump btwn Sanders and the Dems is in trble , and he ’s threatening to take Trump kids . https :   .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) May 19 Trump 2016 , 
 Trump 