’   ’ ’    Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull , who flew halfway    around the world to meet with Donald Trump today , had Donald Trump New    York meeting with the US president cut to just 30 minutes after    Donald Trump stayed in Washington to celebrate Republicans finally    winning the House vote to replace " Obamacare . " ’ ’    The pair met in dinner suits aboard the decommissioned USS    Intrepid , which is now a museum , ahead of the pair speaking at a    gala dinner to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the battle of    the Coral Sea on the ship . ’ ’    Trump flew to New York , Trump home town , for the first time since    Trump became president to meet with Turnbull     in a move    some interpret as an attempt to repair the damage caused by a    fractious phone call between the pair in the early days of    Trump ’s presidency . ’ ’    But the US president called any suggestions of conflict over the    call a " a bit of fake news . " ’ ’    " You guys exaggerated that call , "   Trump said . " I mean , we ’re not    babies . we had a great call . " ’ ’    The Australian PM spent the day meeting with US      experts and touring NYPD    Joint Operations    Centre , as well as discussing energy policy with Dow Chemical CEO    Andrew Liveris , a key Trump advisor , and meeting the Commander of    the US Pacific Command about North Korea . His meeting with the    President was put back three hours to 7 . 15 p. m. local time and    cut to just 30 minutes . The White House had the pair scheduled to    discuss expanded bilateral agreements between the two nations    alongside officials from both countries . It is the first time    The White House ’ve met in person . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump called Turnbull to explain the reason for delaying The White House    meeting and held an extended press conference at the White House    before heading to New York . ’ ’    Turnbull later quipped to Turnbull that " right now Obamacare is    failing   …      I should n’t say this to my great friend from Australia    because you have better healthcare than we do . " ’ ’    Obamacare was a key election promise for Trump during    the presidential campaign . ’ ’    The PM will leave New York tomorrow , returning to Australia Australia    Tuesday ’s federal Budget . ’ ’    Speaking to the press ahead of their the press , Trump Trump he Trump    Australia Australia    " I always have "   —    adding it was " one of the most    beautiful places on earth . " ’ ’    Expatriate golfer Greg Norman received a shout out from the    president as " a friend of ours " who was at this evening ’s dinner . ’ ’    Trump said the US had a " fantastic " relationship with Australia    and promised to visit the country the US term Trump ’ ’    " I have so many friends there . I will be there . We will be there    absolutely , " he said .    ’    Malcolm Turnbull and his wife Lucy Malcolm Turnbull along with Australia ’s    Australia ambassador , Joe Hockey , met with veterans of the Battle    of the Coral Sea aboard the Intrepid ahead of the commemorative    dinner . ’ ’Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull , who . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 