  ( CNN ) The PC police are at The PC police again , in hot pursuit of yet another comedian . This time The PC police ’re chasing Amy Schumer , the wildly popular comedian and host of Comedy Central ’s hit show , " Inside Amy Schumer . " Amy Schumer stars in a new Judd Apatow comedy movie , opening in a few weeks , titled " Trainwreck . " But Amy Schumer is actually more than just a very successful comedian .   Many have praised Amy Schumer for raising challenging issues through Amy Schumer comedy . For example , in April Amy Schumer TV show featured a sketch lauded as a brilliant comedic take down of rape culture .   Some have dubbed Amy Schumer a " feminist icon " because Amy Schumer has used comedy to address a range of issues from empowering women to body image positivity .   And on a personal note , I think Amy Schumer is a great comedian and an equally nice person . I first met Amy Schumer about 10 years ago when I was the emcee of a new talent showcase where Amy Schumer performed , at a New York City comedy club . What was so memorable about Amy Schumer was not just that Amy Schumer killed , but even as a newer comedian Amy Schumer material was edgy , funny and made some people uncomfortable . And over the years I have watched Amy Schumer develop into one of the best comedians in the country . So why are the " politically correct " police upset ? According to a recent article in The Guardian by Monica Heisey , Amy Schumer has a " a shockingly large blind spot around race . "   As proof of this accusation , Heisey points to one joke Amy Schumer made when hosting the MTV Movie awards that refereed to Latina women as being " crazy . "   Heisey writes that one joke Schumer made when hosting the MTV Movie awards that refereed to Latina women as being "crazy left Jennifer Lopez as unimpressed as the online commentariat . " ( Because as most know , " JLo " and the online " commentariat " are truly the arbiters of good comedy . ) Heisey also called out Amy Schumer for two other jokes . The first is Amy Schumer ’s line : " Nothing works 100 % of the time , except Mexicans . " Her other Jennifer Lopez ? " I used to date Latino guys . . .. Now I prefer consensual . " Now , two or even three writers critiquing a comedian usually does n’t result in an onslaught of national media attention .   ( Think about how many articles were written about Bill Cosby ’s alleged sexual abuse over the years before we began discussing it on a national level . ) But apparently since Schumer ’s career is red hot ( or perhaps because of rampant sexism aimed at female comedians ) numerous national media outlets have reported on the accusations . On Sunday , Schumer responded Schumer posting a statement on Twitter that read in part : " I am a comic . .. I will joke about things you like and I will joke about things you are n’t comfortable with . "   She added Schumer " You can call it a ’blind spot for racism’ or ’lazy’ but you are wrong . .. Trust me . I am not a racist . I am a devout feminist and lover of all people . "   She signed Schumer statement in true Schumer fashion Schumer " Sincerely Amy ( a dirty half Jew ) " So did Schumer ’s Schumer cross the line " ? I ca n’t tell you how many times I ’ve been asked that question about comedian ’s jokes . That question is that question about comedian’s jokes by the comedian ’s intentions .   Look , we all know the difference between a comedian being playful and one being hateful .   If the comic is being playful , even about race , those jokes are the ones we collectively defend .   And that is exactly the category Schumer ’s jokes fall into . On the other hand , if a comedian is truly being hateful , she or he deserves a comedian backlash a comedian , including being fired from a TV show .   That ’s the price you pay for using the comedy stage to spew hate .   For example , while Donald Trump is not a comedian     not intentionally     NBC severed its ties with him NBC Monday for Donald Trump atrocious comments he made last week Donald Trump Mexicans at the kickoff of a campaign for president . He said : " Donald Trump ’re bringing drugs . They ’re bringing crime They They ’re rapists . They     Firing him was the right Donald Trump .    Why the difference in the way I view Schumer ’s jokes about Latinos ?   Two things : First , Trump is not a comedian telling jokes about race that are designed to startle us and make us uncomfortable with their us . Rather he ’s a person Donald Trump power     who would like voters to give him even more power Donald Trump making serious remarks demonizing the Mexican people . He even doubled down Donald Trump a tweet on Tuesday after NBC dumped him . It said Donald Trump " Mexico is not our friend , " and he vowed to " Donald Trump ! "    Second , this is not the first time Trump has used race to stoke fear and play to the worst biases of his " base . Trump Let ’s recall his relentless questioning of Trump Obama ’s qualifications     from his birther craziness to Trump assertions that Obama Trump Muslim to President Obama’s demands to see Trump President ’s college grades . This is important context as we try to understand Trump ’s intentions in making hateful statements about Mexicans . I hope the PC police will take to heart the closing lines of Schumer ’s online statement : " My fight is for all people to be treated equally . So move on to the next person who is more deserving of your scrutiny and not the girl in your corner . "    Schumer is right . Schumer rightful place for our outrage is not against comedians clearly being playful . Rather it should be against The rightful place for our outrage clowns truly peddling hate .   Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion our Join us on Facebook . our Read CNNOpinion ’s Flipboard magazine . 
 