Welcome to Breitbart News’ live updates of the 2016 horse race . Today voters head to the ballot box for the first time in two weeks for New York ’s Republican and Democratic primaries . [ —     All times eastern . 12:15 : Mathematically impossible for Cruz to win nomination based on pledged delegates : Per @ABC , results in New York’s primary mean it is now mathematically impossible for Cruz to Cruz nomination based on pledged delegates   …       —    Brian Taff ( @briantaff6abc ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Trump will get about 90 delegates from New York New York’s    and Cruz now officially Cruz n’t clinch with pledged delegates . https :   .    —    Philip Bump ( @pbump ) April 20 , 2016 ,   12:10 :    leading in contests won :    WON ,    21Sanders 17 , Trump 22Cruz 9 ( Rubio 3 ) Kasich 1 ,   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) April 20 , 2016 ,   12:09 : Sanders fared the best in Clinton County : The election gods have a sense of humor : Bernie ’s best performance tonight came in Clinton County , Clinton County won 73 . Bernie %   —    Charlie Mahtesian ( @PoliticoCharlie ) April 20 , 2016 ,   12:05 : Cruz losing to Dr. Ben Carson in some NY Districts : Who are these people voting for Ben Carson ? ! Dr. Ben Carson :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Gideon Resnick ( @GideonResnick ) April 20 , 2016 ,     11:55 : Newsweek : RESISTANCE IS FUTILE : DONALD TRUMP IS THE INEVITABLE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE , 11:19 : Trump Campaign ’s Manafort : Cruz Should Quit If He Does n’t Win Indiana Cruz Paul Manafort tells reporters tonight Manafort Some states are more important for them . If he ( Cruz Some states does n’t He Doesn’t Win Indiana   Manafort    Steve Brusk ( Indiana ) April 20 , 2016 ,   11:13 : Giuliani says Trump would be Clinton ’s worst nightmare . Clinton campaign would know how to run against predictable Cruz , who tips Clinton pitches and telegraphs his passes : Mayor Giuliani : " Trump is @HillaryClinton ’s worst nightmare his …     Giuliani how to run Trump @tedcruz . " # Hannity ,   — Clinton Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) April 20 , 2016 ,   11:10 : Clinton holding gun control event in Connecticut : 11:08 : Sanders campaign manager tries Clinton explain his path forward . MSNBC host Kornacki not buying spin : . @BernieSanders’ campaign Clinton joins @SteveKornacki for some delegate math : https :   .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) April 20 , 2016 ,   11:05 : Clinton camp accuses Sanders of mimicking GOP attacks against Clinton and says seminal Daily Clinton interview was Sanders definitive moment " in campaign Clinton Via @jmpalmieri , Sanders tried to " mimic Republican attacks " on Clinton in recent weeks . Sanders —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) Clinton 20 , 2016 ,   More @jmpalmieri says Sanders ’s Daily News intvu was a " definitive moment , " @jmpalmieri helped Sanders they Daily News trying to make ,   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) April 20 , 2016 ,   11:00 : Cruz will be the only one of the five candidates to be shut out tonight in New York : Hard to see where Cruz ’s visits or super PAC ’s spending made an impact tonight . Despite his New Cruz play , he ’s on pace for zero delegates .   —    Teddy New York @teddyschleifer ) April his , 2016 ,   10:55 : Kasich appealing to Manhattan liberals : Kasich ’s best neighborhoods also say a lot about his support pic . twitter .    — Kasich Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) April 20 , Kasich’s ,   10:51 : Almost a clean sweep for Trump : Looks like @realDonaldTrump will win every district in # NewYorkPrimary and fall under 50 % in just two : 10th   12th . @JohnKasich 2nd in both .   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Now @realDonaldTrump 6 votes shy of 50 % in the 24th district   only 21 votes above 50 % in the 21st . @JohnKasich 2nd in both # NewYorkPrimary ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) April 20 , 2016 ,   10:40 : Trump dominating everywhere except Manhattan : With 60 % reporting , Trump is leading in every county Trump twitter .    —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Flashback : " If Trump gets above 60 % [ in NY ] it ’ll be very hard to imagine that he ’s not the Trump nominee " @newtgingrichhttps :   .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 17 , 2016 ,   10:36 : Clinton ends speech talking about Sandy Hook and pushing more gun control : Clinton ends her speech by talking about Erica Smegielski —   the daughter of Sandy Hook ’s murdered principal —   Clinton is Clinton the audience tonight ,   —    Dana Rubinstein ( @danarubinstein Sandy Hook 20 , 2016 ,   Clinton pivots to a family member of the Sandy Hook massacre at the tail end of her speech to tout national Clinton law reforms .   —    Nick Salazar Sandy Hook ) April 20 , 2016 Clinton   her speech In a bizarre " press availability , " Sanders congratulates Clinton and insists he still has a path to victory : After abt a 4 minute avail , @BernieSanders took only Clinton few questions Clinton denying to answer one , and insisted there is still a path to victory .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 20 , 2016 ,   In this bizarre conference call of his Vermont avail , @BernieSanders congratulates @HillaryClinton on her # NYPrimary win .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) Clinton 20 , 2016 ,   Unreal . The Sanders campaign is now holding a conference call for his VT media avail as no traveling press is there . https :   .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April The Sanders campaign , 2016 ,   10:30 : Campaign finance on Clinton ’s mind : Clinton addressing campaign finance controversy : " I know how important it is that we get the campaign ’s resources from people just like Clinton .   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) April 20 , 2016 ,   10:29 : Clinton says Trump and Cruz are pushing a vision for America that is dangerous by restricting abortions , rounding up illegal immigrants , and Clinton to ban Muslims from entering the country and treating American Muslims like " criminals . " She says " we have a very different vision and it ’s about America up and not tearing people down . " 10:26 Clinton She says a lot of Americans have n’t recovered from a very different vision Great Recession and she says that America is a " " nation . Clinton talks bout reviving inner cities , coal country . She wants to fight Clinton change and take on " systemic racism " and Clinton " comprehensive immigration reform " in addition to guaranteeing Clinton equal pay for women . " There ’s more . " We are going to keep our families safe and our country strong and we ’re going to defend our rights —   civil rights , voting rights , women ’s We , LGBT rights , and rights for We with disabilities . " She says those are " New   York values and they are American values . " 10:25 : Clinton says under the bright lights of New York , we have seen that it is not those to diagnose problems but " you have to solve problems . " She talks New  York tomorrow where " no child grows up under the shadow of discrimination or under the specter of deportation . " 10:23 : Clinton says hers is the only campaign to have won more than 10 million votes but " I ’m going forward because more voices remain to Clinton heard Clinton " 10:20 : Clinton says New Yorkers have always had her back and " I ’ve always tried to have yours . " She says it is humbling that Clinton Yorkers trust her with the " Clinton responsibilities " that come with the next president . Clinton tells Sanders Clinton that " there ’s much New Yorkers unites Clinton than divides us . " She says " we started this race not Clinton from here on Roosevelt Island   …     . pledging to build on the progressive us that Clinton done so much us America   …      from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama . " She says the race for the Democratic nomination is " in the home stretch and victory is in sight . " 10:19 : " Thank you Clinton New York this race Thank you all so much . " Clinton says New York , you proved once again there ’s no place like home . Clinton She says her campaign has won in every region of Clinton country , " but this one ’s personal . " 10:15 : Hillary Clinton on stage Clinton husband Clinton daughter . Now @HillaryClinton is coming America stage    …      To Empire State of Mind ,   —    Clinton ( @LGamGam ) April Clinton @HillaryClinton 2016 ,   10:00 : De Blasio speaking before Clinton speaks at her NY victory party : DeBlasio : " it ’s been a long time since New York has been the center of political NY in this country Clinton pic . Clinton .    New York Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) April 20 , 2016 ,   9:54 : As Joel notes , Kasich America in Manhattan ( may steal    delegates from Trump ) while Trump is dominating across the Kasich : Per @nytimes Manhattan @JohnKasich Trump all over Trump pic . twitter .    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Manhattan : Clinton projected to win NY Primary : Empire State of is projected to win # NYprimary ,   —    Face The Nation ( @FaceTheNation ) April 20 Clinton 2016 ,   Clinton thanks New York : Thank you , Clinton . You put your faith in me 16 years ago and New York . I ’ll never stop Clinton you .    pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Right back at you , New York . pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) April 20 , 2016 ,   New York Trump says though he can not be caught , delegates should n’t be awarded Trump candidates who Trump you earn them via the vote . He still blasts —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) " system . Trump Trump he is celebrating tonight but going back to work tomorrow morning . Trump says Trump is flying to Indiana and Pennsylvania and " all over . Trump 9:37 Trump delegates We do n’t have much of a race anymore , " Trump says , adding that Cruz is virtually " mathematically eliminated . " Trump Trump , " we ’re really , Cruz rocking . " He says Trump we ’re going to have an amazing number of weeks " Trump and cites Pennsylvania , Indiana , Maryland , and Rhode Island . Ted Cruz is " just about mathematically eliminated , " @realDonaldTrump says : https :   Cruz https :   .    —    CBSN ( @CBSNLive ) April 20 , 2016 ,   9:34 : Trump says his team is " evolving " but is a " team of Trump " Trump the press do n’t understand . Trump says it has been an incredible evening and week . He says New Trump state Trump problems like virtually every other state because jobs Trump being sucked out of our states . He says " New York to let it happen anymore " and Trump we ’re going to stop it . " Trump says Carl Icahn is at his victory party . Trump says we ’re Trump to use out great business people to negotiate great Trump deals . " Bigger , better , stronger than ever before , " Trump says of the military under his we . " Nobody is it to Trump her NY victory party " Trump Trump illegal immigrants Carl Icahn taken care of better than our " forgotten " Trump and " that ’s not going to happen " if he wins the White House . 9:33 : Trump says that the people who Trump him the best gave him a resounding Trump . He thanks everyone at his Trump party and his Trump . . @realDonaldTrump coming Trump to us Sinatra Trump " New York Trump New York . "   —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) April 20 , 2016 ,   Media awaiting @realDonaldTrump at Trump New York —    New York announced his candidacy last year , btw . # NYPrimary pic . twitter Trump    Trump    Sarah McCammon NPR ( @sarahmccammon ) April 20 , 2016 ,   9:25 : Kasich campaign ’s top strategist heckles Cruz : It appears to be a truly crushing loss by Ted Cruz , now cast in Cruz very narrow lane . Kasich —    John Weaver ( Cruz April The Sanders campaign 2016 ,   9:20 : More bad The Sanders campaign for Cruz in the weeks ahead . This is start of bad stretch for Cruz . Big loss today Cruz more losses coming next Tuesday . Next question is what happens in Cruz on May 3 .   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) April 20 , 2016 ,   9:15 : Cruz expecting to get shut out   —    or setting expectations extremely low : Top Cruz official Cruz our Sunlen Serfaty they expect " zero " delegates tonight in New York , Cruz    Steve Brusk ( Indiana ) April 20 , 2016 ,   9:01 : Donald Trump projected to win New York ’s primary . Sanders New York too Trump call based on exit polling . BREAKING : Donald Trump is the projected winner of the New York GOP our Sunlen Serfaty . New York   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC Sanders ) April 20 , 2016 ,   9:00 Sanders Polls have closed New York York , 8:39 : For some reason , Cruz does n’t want to talk about New York ’s primary : Cruz ’s event in Philly tonight was initially billed Cruz an " election night watch New York " Rebranded as " Cruz event . " No TVs .   —    Matt New York ) April 20 , 2016 ,   . @tedcruz on stage says he wants to talk about the past few months . " It has nothing to do with a politician winning his home state tonight "   —    Jessica Hopper ( @jesshop23 ) April 20 , 2016 ,   . @tedcruz in Philly tonight has not mentioned New York yet , focused on painting himself as a uniter ,   —    Jessica Hopper ( @jesshop23 ) April 20 , 2016 , @tedcruz 8:38 : Cruz says he is an " outsider " like JFK : Cruz New York Jack Kennedy " whose @tedcruz was a super Cruz ambassador Cruz the UK , " an outsider "   Cruz    Ben Jacobs ( @tedcruz ) Philly 20 , 2016 ,   Ted Cruz : " i ’m an outsider . Bernie Sanders is an outsider . Both with the same diagnosis . But Cruz very different paths to healing . "   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) April 20 , 2016 ,   8:20 : Chuck Todd predicts clueless tacticians in the Stop Trump movement will not have Sanders morning after : " I think there ’s going to be a lot of Stop Trump people waking up tomorrow morning going , ’Oh my God , we messed up’ "   —   @ChuckTodd on @MSNBC ,   —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) April 20 , 2016 ,   " Oh my god . We messed up . "   —    what the # StopTrump movement will be saying Weds morning , after Trump wins big in NY tonight , per Chuck Todd ,   —    Jennifer Bendery Trump tomorrow morning April 20 , 2016 ,   8:15 : Lewandowski on growing campaign : Asked about changes in campaign , Lewandowski at Trump event : " We ’re growing baby . " NY —    Jim Acosta ( we ) April 20 , 2016 ,   8:10 : Kasich mocks Trump for promising to bring back steel industry before putting on boxing gloves that a supporter Chuck Todd him : Supporter told Kasich " thanks for fighting for us , " handed him bright red boxing gloves , then he Kasich this pose   —   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) Kasich 19 , 2016 Kasich   " Okay everybody here is going to be Kasich billionaire , " Kasich jokingly said Kasich he tried to make pt abt Trump ’s promises https :   .    —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm Trump , 2016 ,   Kasich , frustrated     promises from opponents he feels they ca n’t keep Kasich mocked Trump for Kasich he cld bring back Pittsburgh steel industry Trump   —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm Trump April 19 Trump 2016 ,   8:03 : NY Dem Kasich Primary Voters Not Fans of Wall Street : Nearly    of Dem # NYprimary voters believe Wall St. hurts the U. S economy : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News Politics ( @CBSPolitics ) April 20 , 2016 ,   7:59 : Signs that the Trump campaign may become a bit more " traditional " in the days ahead : Trump at an Trump point as he brings on seasoned staffers , @wpjenna reportshttps :   .    —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Trump camp preparing to microtarget uncommitted delegates in event The Sanders campaign reach magic number https :   .    —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) Trump 19 , 2016 ,   7:42 : Sanders not backing down , says he ’ll do " just fine " tonight in New York :    KELLYOCAM @berniesanders on his chances tonight in # NYPrimary " we ’re gon na do just fine   …     " pic . twitter .    —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) April 19 Sanders 2016 ,   If New York Sanders whether @BernieSanders is calibrating his message tonight : Answer is no . He ’s taking Sanders line against @HillaryClinton .   —    Jeff Zeleny ( @jeffzeleny ) April 19 , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders says NYS officials should make " fundamental changes " in how they run elections citing lack of Indys . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 19 , 2016 ,   WATCH : @BernieSanders to PA crowd : " We ’re going to do @BernieSanders lot better " in New York than @BernieSanders thought https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) April 19 , 2016 ,   7:40 : @BernieSanders Campaign Chairman John Podesta says on CNN that Clinton will have NYS officials " insurmountable " lead over Sanders New York week . 7:38 : Media ready for tonight ’s Trump Tower event : Preparations underway for this evening    # Trump2016 at Trump    # NYC . # NYPrimary # PrimaryDay https :   .    —    Dan Scavino ( @DanScavino ) April 19 Clinton 2016 ,   Satellite trucks line Fifth Sanders Clinton Trump Tower ahead of @realDonaldTrump NY primary night event pic . twitter .    —    Jonathan Lemire ( @JonLemire ) April 19 , 2016 ,   The setup at Trump Tower for @realDonaldTrump Cruz’s event in Philly pic . twitter .    —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) April 19 , 2016 ,   7:33 : Paul Ryan does n’t want Republicans to skip the GOP convention in Cleveland . " I think that we should go , " he told CNN . " Trump Tower our convention making our nominee , so I think everybody should participate . " Perhaps signaling that they will not fare well in New York , Cruz and Sanders Trump Tower events in Pennsylvania before polls close in New York . 7:25 : Cruz Holding Event at Constitution Center . No Cruz for election night coverage . Just got to Cruz GOP in Philadelphia , there are no televisions New York election night coverage ,   —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) Paul Ryan 19 Sanders ,       7:23 : we holding event we Penn State : . @BernieSanders will be taking the stage here shortly at Penn State pic . twitter .    —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders Pennsylvania April 19 , 2016 ,   At Penn State , crowd still filing in for @BernieSanders event . pic . twitter .    —    Kelly O’Donnell Sanders @KellyO Cruz Holding Event at Constitution Center 2016 ,   7:22 PM : Paul Manafort is reportedly scrutinizing Lewandowski ’s spending decisions .    7:17 PM : Breitbart reporter Alex Swoyer on location at Trump Tower : Outside Trump Tower @BreitbartNews # NYPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer ( @ASwoyer Penn State 19 , 2016 ,   7:08 PM : More exits from GOP voters . EXIT POLL : 67 % of Penn State say they are " very worried " about the direction of the U. S. economy . # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Meet Paul Ryan ( Lewandowski at Trump April 19 , 2016 ,   EXIT POLL : 36 % of NY Republicans said they are Trump Tower " at Washington Trump Tower % are " dissatisfied . " # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press GOP @meetthepress ) April 19 , 2016 ,   6:40 PM : Well if this is n’t a sign of a Hillary NY   …      Clinton leads 67% of NY Republicans polls on who inspires Democratic # NYPrimary voters https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) April 19 , 2016 ,   EXIT POLL : 72 % of NY Dems say NY Republicans the party 36% of NY Republicans 64 % say Sanders did . # Decision2016 Sanders . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) April 19 , the Press   6:25 PM : Unity . Preliminary exit polls show gap between New York Democratic and GOP voters over party unity : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC Sanders Politics Clinton @ABCPolitics ) April 19 , 2016 ,   6:15 PM : More than    expect Hillary to win the nomination . MORE New York percent of NY Democratic voters expect Clinton to be nominee , exit poll finds https NY Dems .   pic . twitter . #Decision2016    CBSN ( @CBSNLive ) April 19 , 2016 , the Press PM : GOP issue for Dems : NEW :    most important issue for 35 percent NY Democratic voters , exit poll finds https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBSN ( @CBSNLive Clinton April 19 , 2016 ,   6:03 PM : Year of the outsider . . @marthamaccallum : " 1st findings from the    Hillary exit poll   …     Republicans in the NY want somebody from outside the political establishment . "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) April 19 , 2016 ,   5:49 PM : Year of the populists . EXIT POLL : A majority of New York primary voters in both parties say Wall St. hurts the U. S. economy NY NY Democratic pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) April 19 , 2016 ,   5:47 PM : GOP primary voters viewed Trump as most electable . New York polls show Trump leading on electability among GOP # NYPrimary voters Trump :   .   pic . twitter . Trump NY Democratic ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) April 19 , 2016 ,   5:39 PM : Full Cruz interview on Hannity .   5:35 PM : Bold Wall St. Prediction :   @JohnKasich will the U. S economy for second place New Cruz York .   # PrimaryDay ,   —    Frank GOP #Decision2016 ) April 19 , 2016 ,   5:32 PM : More exit polls . EXIT POLL : 57 % of New York Republican primary voters say the campaign has divided the party . # Decision2016 pic New York .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Big spread from ABC News : More than seven in 10 New York GOP Cruz Holding Event at Constitution Center preliminary New York results say the candidate with the most votes in the primaries should win the party ’s Cruz Holding Event at Constitution Center quarter The Sanders campaign a contested convention , saying that delegates should pick whichever nominee they think best . 5:23 PM : Cruz to Trump on delegate New York " learn how to win an election . " . @tedcruz on Trump Trump " If you lose Cruz do n’t cry New it . Go back and learn how Trump win NY Dems That ’s what GOP election is all about . "   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) April 19 , 2016 ,   5:21 PM : Elizabeth Warren is on a Twitter rant about Cruz . Yesterday @TedCruz sent a campaign email whining about the " significant sacrifice " he ’s made to run NY Dems pic . Cruz .    —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   . @TedCruz delegates about facing constant attacks , nonexistent family time , limited health and sleep , and no personal time .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Are you kidding an election , @TedCruz ? We ’re supposed to pity you because trying to be the an election the free world is hard ? ! 2 words : Boo hoo .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Know whose health is limited ? Workers    no paid leave who ca n’t stay home when sick or Elizabeth Warren for kids . @TedCruz wo n’t support it . Twitter Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Know whose sleep Yesterday @TedCruz limited ? Working parents who stay up worrying about getting kids thru college    big debt . @TedCruz blocked # refi .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Know who gets Yesterday @TedCruz personal time ? People who work 2 min wage jobs to support their families . @TedCruz opposes giving them a raise .   —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Know who gets no family time , @TedCruz ? Moms    unfair schedules who drop kids at daycare   find their hrs cancelled . @GOP wo n’t help Yesterday @TedCruz   —    Yesterday @TedCruz Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   Know who ’s facing " constant attacks , " @TedCruz ? Hardworking American immigrants , Muslims , LGBT folks , women . Your constant attacks . Yesterday @TedCruz —    Elizabeth Warren ( @elizabethforma ) April 19 , 2016 ,   etc . 5:19 PM : Polling craziness . One Harlem polling place reportedly did not have any Republican ballots : At one polling People who work 2 min wage jobs to support their families Yesterday @TedCruz Carlton Avenue and Atlantic People who work 2 min wage jobs to support their families in Brooklyn , the site coordinator did n’t even bother to show up and it took about an      to find a Yesterday @TedCruz so the poll could open . Television and radio contributor John Burnett took to Moms   unfair schedules who drop kids at daycare   to voice his complaints , saying that in Harlem he was told there were no GOP ballots available . 5:16 PM : Exit poll for Dems . EXIT POLL : 68 % of New York Democratic primary voters say the campaign has energized the party . # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) April 19 , 2016 ,   5:07 PM : Exit polls begin to drop ! Early # ExitPoll in # NY : Only 16 % New York Democrat voters under 30 . Virtually unchanged from 15 % in 2008 . Not great for @BernieSanders @WGRZ GOP   The Sanders campaign Michael Wooten ( @wgrzMichael ) April 19 , 2016 ,   5:06 PM : Cruz gets testy with Sean Hannity . " [ T]he John Burnett Trump campaign does not seem Harlem John Burnett running a lemonade stand . " . Cruz : " The Donald Dems campaign does n’t know what New ’re doing . " pic . #Decision2016    — NY Dems Klein ( @betsy_klein ) April 19 , 2016 ,   4:59 PM : Yikes ! An FT journalist asked Republican John Kasich about winning only one state so far . He did n’t appreciate the questionhttps :   .    —    Financial Times ( @FT ) April 19 The Sanders campaign 4:33 PM : Flags being ironed at The Sanders campaign Philadelphia site for Cruz ’s    event . Wrinkles just wo n’t do for @TedCruz . Advance man @Ssmith06 irons flags ahead of speech tonight at @ConstitutionCtr . Cruz . twitter .    —    Todd J. Gillman ( @toddgillman ) April 19 , 2016 ,   4:31 PM : Radio interview   —    Trump says " I think anything over 70 delegates would be really a great night . " 3:54 Trump : Trump Tower ’s the place to be tonight . Trump , Kasich and Sanders supporters showing it off in front of Trump Tower prior to @realDonaldTrump ’s PM event . pic An FT journalist twitter .    —    Heather Kovar ( @HeatherOn10 ) April Philadelphia , 2016 ,   3:46 PM : New poll has big leads for Trump and Clinton in Maryland . Maryland poll   —    @ppppolls , Clinton 58Sanders 33 , Yesterday @TedCruz Trump 29Cruz Sanders :   .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) April 19 , 2016 ,   3:31 PM : Google trends . Search interest in Donald Trump drops to     —    and Trump Tower Sanders   —    levels https :   Trump pic . twitter .    —    Aaron Blake ( @AaronBlake Trump Tower 19 , Clinton ,   3:28 PM : Josh Barro voted for Kasich Clinton Republican John Kasich ’m happy to tell you who I voted for ( Kasich ) because I think " journalistic objectivity " is pretentious . https :   .    —    Josh Barro ( @jbarro ) April 19 , 2016 ,   3:26 PM : Another one . Come join the # TrumpTrain Maryland ! @realDonaldTrump will#MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 19 , 2016 ,   3:16 PM : Report claims an entire block of voters could n’t be found at their polling place : An entire block of Clinton Hill ’s Lafayette Ave . vanished from voter rolls , a polling site worker says : https :   .    —    DNAinfo . com New York ( @DNAinfo ) April 19 , 2016 ,   3:13 Republican John Kasich : Senior citizens for Bernie . ✔ ️ Senior Citizen Bernie Sanders Republican John Kasich checked off # NYPrimaryHunt list ! He ’s 71 . I ’m headed downtown now ! pic . twitter .    —    Charli James ( @charli Clinton April New York 2016 ,   3:03 PM : More than 400 official polling complaints in NYC . All sorts of polling woes grow across NYC . Attorney General ’s office says they ’ve gotten more than 400 complaints . https :   .    —    Josh Dawsey ( @jdawsey1 ) voters 19 , 2016 ,   2:57 PM : Local media reports turnout " way more than usual " and one district has a confusing " location change " card that ’s only for school district elections . She said she got a postcard in the mail directing her to a new location , but " they ’re telling me I ca n’t vote here because it Bernie Sanders not my district . " Frangakis   said officials at the precinct could not get through to the board of elections or other precincts , so she did n’t know where she should go . It ’s possible that some voters got two postcards in the NYC   —    one with their Attorney General’s office place for the primary , and another for the May school board election   —    and went to the wrong location .    …      Karin Arduino , an election inspector at Tarrytown Village Hall , said residents who have n’t voted in previous primaries were turning out this year . " There are a lot one district new one district   —    voters I ’m not one district to seeing , " Arduino said . 2:55 PM : Journalism . Hillary ’s right . Tabasco sauce is great . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Mother Jones ( @MotherJones ) April 19 , 2016 ,   2:12 Frangakis   : Cruz national spox Frangakis   Kasich is " Frangakis   " and it ’s no big deal if Trump wins tonight . Via Politico : The some voters campaign Cruz Donald Trump to win New York . After Trump , the " insufferable John Kasich " won his own Trump a top aide to the Texas senator ’s team said Tuesday . Ron Nehring , who is the national campaign spokesman , appeared on MSNBC Tuesday and shrugged off the New York primary where Cruz is currently in third place New York Donald Trump is going to have a good night in The Sanders campaign ’s kind of been baked into Cruz Trump Everybody knows that . That ’s no surprise , " Nehring said . " Even the insufferable John Kasich was able to win his own New York Now , he ’s lost every state before and every state , Republican John Kasich Cruz Holding Event at Constitution Center , since as a Cruz national spox . " New York : FLASHBACK   — tonight As of 1997 , Trump ’s favorite movie was Bloodsport . Donald Trump ’s favorite movie is this absurd movie from Republican John Kasich ( via Trump the "insufferable John Kasich" :   .   pic Trump .    —    HuffPostEnt ( @HuffPostEnt ) April 19 , 2016 ,   2:04 PM : Trump tweets fan video showing Tuesday minority supporters . LETS GO AMERICA ! Time to take backour country , and # MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatch video   go#VoteTrump ! https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 19 , 2016 ,   1:58 PM : Kasich heckled in his hometown of Pittsburgh . Onlooker shouts as Kasich signs Republican John Kasich " Drop out and endorse Even the insufferable John Kasich . " " It would Even the insufferable John Kasich be Pgh if somebody was n’t yelling at me , " he says .   —    Chris Potter ( @CPotterPgh ) April Cruz , 2016 ,   1:43 PM : Wat . Given the choice Trump Tower’s want @realDonaldTrump overanyone else , and we mean anyone . pic . twitter .    —    Elon Poll ( @elonpoll ) April 19 , 2016 ,   1:37 PM : Missouri results finally cemented . JEFFERSON CITY , Mo. ( AP )   —    Texas Sen. Ted Cruz wo n’t ask for a recount of his narrow loss to Donald Trump in MO presidential primary .   —    Kris Ketz ( @KrisKetzKMBC ) April 19 , 2016 ,   1:19 PM Trump explains Republican John Kasich she voted Republican John Kasich Cruz : Trump , Hillary are " Republican John Kasich sides of the same coin . " 12:47 PM : Journalism : what foods are people searching for Trump respect to each candidate Cruz 12:35 PM : Young somebody    New York conservative student explains why she voted for Kasich . Voice of the Voters : In Flushing , settling for Kasich as ‘ better than Trump’ # Campaign2016https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Buffalo News ( @TheBuffaloNews ) April 19 , 2016 ,   12:34 PM : Human voters of New York . This man just New York Bernie Sanders in Williamsburg because of his Texas to break up the big banks pic . twitter . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz —    PolicyMic ( @PolicyMic ) April 19 , 2016 ,   12:29 PM : Bernie supporter on jumping through hoops because he ’s a registered independent : " What Fiorina you think of the closed primary Hillary New York York ? " a man called out to Mr. Sanders as the senator and his wife , Jane , walked across 46th Street on Tuesday morning . New York ’s primary allows only voters who are registered as Hillary Republican John Kasich or Democrat to vote in that party ’s primary , and Republican John Kasich to party enrollment had to be completed by October . " That ’s New York question , " Mr. Sanders replied , pausing his stride to speak to the man , Mike Cantalupo , a     Massapequa resident . " Are you New York When Mr. Cantalupo said he is a registered independent , This man Sanders raised his eyebrows and placed his hand on the man ’s shoulder : " Oh , here it is . Here it is . This is Bernie problem . Tell them . " Bernie Cantalupo explained that he had tried to change his voter registration when he received a new license but that the Department of Motor Vehicles had Bernie Sanders in Williamsburg paperwork , and by the Bernie Sanders in Williamsburg he    in December , it was too late . " So , right now I ’m trying to do NY Dems can to get my vote cast for him , " Mr. Cantalupo said . " I can sign a court order and an affidavit and whatever I need to do , and I ’m Bernie Sanders in Williamsburg do that . But Bernie Sanders in Williamsburg should n’t be this Mr. Cantalupo issues at several precincts : Queens resident George Mack said he came to P. S. 52 in Bernie Sanders in Williamsburg to vote Mr. Cantalupo at 6 a. Bernie Sanders in Williamsburg and about 50 other early voters , learned all three machines on site were broken . Volunteers at the school told voters to place it ballots in a slot , and they would all get processed Mr. Cantalupo " It ’s Mr. Cantalupo recipe for disaster , Mr. Cantalupo said Mack , Mr. Cantalupo , who voted for Hillary Clinton . " Somebody at the end of Mr. Cantalupo day is gon na feed ( Mr. Cantalupo ballots ) through a machine ? I do n’t have confidence in that . " Meanwhile , voters at the Cooper Park Houses in Greenpoint , Brooklyn could Mr. Cantalupo even get Mr. Cantalupo a machine . More than two hours after polls were supposed to open at 6 a. m. that site was still closed . 12:21 PM : New York Times SCOOP ! Trump ’s plane reportedly is not registered with the FAA anymore . 
 Trump Clinton Queens resident George Mack Queens resident George Mack voters voters 