Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s transition team warned former national security adviser Michael Flynn about the risks of communicating with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak , a former US official has confirmed to CNN .   Members of Donald Trump ’s transition team alerted former national security adviser Michael Flynn in November that any conversations with Kislayk were most likely being monitored , a warning that took place weeks before the two discussed US sanctions on Russia by phone , according to The Washington Post , which first reported the development .   The head of Donald Trump ’s national security transition team , Marshall Billingslea , requested Obama administration officials provide a classified CIA profile on Kislyak to show to Flynn out of concern that Flynn did n’t completely appreciate the Russian ambassador ’s motives , a source close to Marshall Billingslea confirmed to CNN . Billingslea , a former Pentagon official under George W. Bush , knew at the time that the retired Army lieutenant general would talk with Kislyak soon , a classified CIA profile on Kislyak to show to Flynn out of concern that he didn’t completely appreciate the Russian ambassador’s motives, a source close to Billingslea confirmed to CNN said . Several former Trump transition officials expressed doubt about the assertion that the transition team warned Flynn about talking to the Russian ambassador .   " Sounds like a bit of revisionist history to me , " one of those Several former Trump transition officials . " I bet everyone interviewed by the FBI ( said ) they warned everyone interviewed by the FBI the Russians . " The development comes as former acting Attorney General Sally Yates prepares to testify before a Senate Judiciary subcommittee Monday that she gave former acting Attorney General Sally Yates forceful warning to the White House that Flynn had not been truthful in public and private statements denying that he and Flynn discussed sanctions on Russia , according to sources familiar with her account former acting Attorney General Sally Yates   White House the White House Sean Spicer told reporters in    however , that Yates had simply " wanted to give a ’ ’ to us on some comments that may have seemed in conflict with what he ( Flynn Flynn vice president . " In her warning , White House press secretary Sean Spicer told the Yates that Flynn ’s conversations with Kislyak and his subsequent statements Yates he spoke about Yates sanctions could make him vulnerable to Yates by Russian officials , the sources said . Flynn was forced to step down Flynn national security adviser just weeks after President Donald Trump took office after reports surfaced that Flynn misled the administration about his Flynn with the Russian ambassador Flynn   " the Russian Ambassador the Vice    and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador , " Flynn wrote Russian February , according Flynn a copy of his resignation letter obtained by CNN Flynn " I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President , and they have accepted my apology . " 
 the President and the Vice President 