LAS VEGAS   —    America , place your bets ! [ Put ‘ em all on red . Or orange , as the case may be . At least you have a    chance of winning .   The only alternative is throwing rigged dice on a tilted table against a dealer who has never lost under a pit boss who was impeached and disbarred for lying , and in a casino run by by a wealthy ,    mafia . Go all in on orange and you just might win . Hell , you might just win so much you get tired of winning . But if you hit that shady dice table , you are 100 percent guaranteed to lose . Just like you ’ve been losing against these crooks for 30 years . As Donald Trump tells black voters : " What have you got to lose ? " That has been his message and his message has worked running against first Republicans , then Democrats and now a cabal of Republicans , Democrats and the dishonest media . Donald Trump had another fine debate performance here Wednesday night under very tough conditions . Moderator Chris Wallace never let it get out control and kept the discussion on the issues .    Mr. Trump feasts when things get out of control and lands his best haymakers when the crowd starts hooting and hollering . So it was not his his debate , but it it fine . He his not deliver the knockout . But neither did she his best haymakers The media , of course , will focus on his his to say whether he his accept the outcome of an election that has yet to come . Of course not a single actual human being cares about such nonsense but this is what electrifies the The media Or they will focus on his his about what a nasty woman Hillary Clinton is . Unfortunately , the truth is no defense . It is yet the truth stupid distraction Mr. Trump could have avoided . But no biggie . The truth is the truth Trump is at Mr. Trump pure best when Mr. Trump is on the attack Mr. Trump prosecuting the case against Mrs. Clinton , Hillary Clinton to her . He is Hillary Clinton . He is Mr. Trump . He is Mr. Trump . Unfortunately , Mr. Trump confronted her only a handful Mr. Trump times Wednesday night . From this moment to the end of the election , Mr. Trump needs to wake up every day and go out and pretend he is talking to Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump calling Hillary Clinton liar , accusing Hillary Clinton of rampant corruption , Hillary Clinton her for disdain for America Hillary Clinton all Americans . If he can keep that up , orange Mr. Trump might pay off . Bigly . • Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 