It began at dawn , with a Twitter post about   . In a period of just over 24 hours , stretching from the early hours of Tuesday into Wednesday morning ,    Donald J. Trump raced through perhaps the most frenetic day of activity since the election . With a series of surprise announcements and impulsive public gestures ,   Donald J. Trump brought into sharp focus the freewheeling and compulsively theatrical style   Donald J. Trump will bring to the Oval Office . There was the incendiary pronouncement about the flag : After Fox News aired a segment about protests that included      Donald J. Trump suggested stripping people who burned the flag of their citizenship , even though the act is constitutionally protected free speech . There were hazy but    statements of policy : Mr.   Donald J. Trump a tentative pact with the    company Carrier to protect some jobs at an Indiana factory , and pledged again to sever ties with his real   Donald J. Trump empire , without offering specifics . There was a new and indiscreet round of tryouts for Mr. Trump reviews from the    in something like real time . Having paraded David H. Petraeus , the former military commander and C. I. A. director , past a throng of reporters for a meeting on Monday , Mr. Trump dined on Tuesday with Mitt Romney , the Republican presidential nominee in 2012 and another candidate for the job . They huddled at a French restaurant Mitt Romney, the Republican presidential nominee in 2012 and another candidate for the job Central Park West in Manhattan , briefly admitting the news media to take photographs of the smiling pair over scallops . On display , if not on the menu , was government à la Trump . While Mr. Trump appeared to careen unpredictably from hour to hour , the larger pattern he followed was a familiar one . As a Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump operated largely on gut instinct , with Mr. Trump as his chief tactic . Trusting few people outside a circle Mr. Trump intimates , Mr. Trump thrived in a daily cycle of controversy and Mr. Trump atmosphere of    drama and division within his campaign . Much as he did during the campaign , Mr. Trump Trump has kept the Mr. Trump world hanging his campaign every Mr. Trump no matter how impetuous or trivial . He Mr. Trump aired his partial or fleeting thoughts , toying with the Mr. Trump of making Mr. Trump W. Giuliani his secretary of state before appearing to lose interest . He has Mr. Trump and even welcomed unsubtle combat over his selections , Mr. Trump a senior adviser , Kellyanne Conway , to Mr. Trump attack Mr. Romney on television while he remains a top contender for the Mr. Trump When Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump controversy   —    with his    Twitter post , or an earlier allegation of mass voter fraud   Mr. Trump    he has declined to elaborate or justify his claims , and has left Mr. Trump struggling to defend them , when Mr. Trump have tried at all . Mr. Trump ’s method , his claims and allies his claims , matches the reputation he Mr. Trump in New York and then on reality television   —    less as a traditional corporate executive , like Mr. Romney , than as an eager impresario who experimented freely , welcomed conflict and flopped repeatedly . Newt Gingrich , a former speaker of the House who has advised Mr. Trump , Mr. Gingrich ‘ The Apprentice,’ " the NBC show in which Mr. Trump functioned as an imposing protagonist subjecting aspiring entrepreneurs to contests of business acumen . Mr. Mr. Trump’s said Mr. Trump plainly relished personal contact with possible appointees and Mr. Trump’s    leadership style . Mr. Trump did not emerge , Mr. Gingrich said , from a " corporate Mr. Trump’s background , " but from a more    improvisational environment . " In a lot Mr. Trump’s , what Mr. Gingrich seeing is the continuation of techniques and lessons he learned from doing what was , at one time , the No . 1 TV show , " Mr. Gingrich said . For longtime critics of Mr. Trump , the spectacle of Mr. Trump’s transition has come as a kind of nightmarish vindication , seeming to confirm their warnings Mr. Gingrich it would mean to have a reality television star in Mr. Trump Trump ’s rivals in the Republican primary campaign often criticized him as longtime critics of Mr. Trump, the spectacle of his transition showman and not a real executive . At a Washington dinner in 2011 , President Obama ridiculed the notion that Mr. Trump could run for president , recounting an episode of " The Celebrity Apprentice " in which Mr. Trump Trump fired the actor Gary Busey and joking , " These are the kind of decisions that would keep me up at Mr. Trump " Jon Lovett , a former speechwriter for Mr. Obama who was an author of his speech Mr. Trump Trump , described a sense of horror at seeing the joke turn into reality . " It is extremely chilling that Donald Trump views the spectacle of choosing cabinet appointments in a way that is similar to deciding whether Mr. Obama not to fire Lil Jon or Joan Rivers , " Mr. Lovett said , referring to contestants on the show . It would be difficult to overstate the extremity of Mr. Trump ’s departure from recent presidential practice . His immediate predecessors prided themselves on orderly , fastidious deliberations : George W. Bush as the first president with a business degree , Mr. Obama as a candidate branded by aides as " no Donald Trump . " Even Republicans concede that it is Donald Trump clear how Mr. His immediate predecessors ’s    approach to the transition will carry over to governing . Mr. Gingrich predicted during the Republican primary contests that a Trump administration would function as a kind of daily adventure . " If Trump does end up winning , you will have no idea each morning what ’s going to happen , " he said in a January interview , " because he will have no idea . " But enacting sweeping changes or passing even modest Mr. Trump requires intensive , sustained attention from presidents and their teams , of a kind Mr. Trump has never dedicated Mr. Trump matters of policy . Since the election , Mr. Trump Trump has made only a few    announcements aimed at soothing controversy or bolstering his popularity , like the Carrier deal or his pledge to preserve elements of the Mr. Trump Act . But he has not situated any of his pronouncements within a Mr. Trump cohesive agenda , or answered even basic questions about them , like whether the Mr. Trump extended to Carrier should be made available Mr. Trump other companies . Mr. Trump has appeared comparatively uninterested in a Mr. Trump of    appointments in which Mr. Trump close advisers , like Mike Pence , the vice    and Reince Priebus , a larger, cohesive agenda incoming White House chief of staff , have quietly installed Republican stalwarts . On Tuesday , after Mr. Trump raged on Twitter about    his transition team announced the selection Mr. Trump Elaine L. Chao , a former labor secretary , to lead the Department of Transportation , and Representative Tom Price of Georgia , a conservative    as Mr. Trump ’s choice for Mr. Trump . On Twitter , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump only one perfunctory mention each of Ms. Chao and Mr. Price , the man who would most likely be tasked with carrying out some of the   ’s most important campaign promises . Mr. Trump on Monday and Tuesday , Mr. Trump posted Twitter Twitter Mr. Trump the Carrier deal and five times to criticize CNN for its coverage of him . Michael O. Leavitt , a former governor of Utah who prepared Mr. Romney ’s transition team before the 2012 election , said a presidential transition usually " takes Mr. Trump personality of the Twitter . " Mr. Trump , he said , was taking an exceptionally CNN approach and Mr. Trump far less regard than usual for the privacy of job candidates . " This is Donald Trump doing it his way , and no one should expect any different , " Mr. Leavitt said . " That Mr. Trump mean it Mr. Trump right or wrong   —    it ’s just Trump . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump it 