Washington   ( CNN ) The United States has lost The United States strategic patience with North Korea . So what ’s a       superpower to do to stop a pariah nation bent on putting a pariah nation nuclear weapons on top of a missile that could reach The United States ? Tough talk , for sure . Lean on China to turn off China life support to China neighbor , for another . But for all the warnings that Trump will fix the showdown with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , it ’s so far unclear whether at it foundation , Trump strategy is all that different from previous administrations     which for the last quarter century have failed to stop Trump nuclear march . North Korea timeline : From Trump ’s inauguration to now , " The era of strategic patience is over , " Vice President Mike Pence told CNN ’s Dana Bash during an exclusive interview on a trip to South Korea Monday . Dana Bash during an exclusive interview on a trip to South Korea Monday was referring to the policy that prevailed for much of the Obama administration . The approach reflected a belief that the US , working closely with the UN and Japan , South Korea , China and Russia , could create enough international pressure to eventually push North Korea to denuclearize     and that this outcome was something everyone could afford to wait for . Pyongyang recently conducted its Pyongyang nuclear test and is soon expected to conduct a sixth , part of its Pyongyang drive to develop missiles that can reach the continental US with nuclear weapons small enough to place in the nosecones .     The Trump team has concluded that North North Korea increasing strides towards producing a deliverable nuclear weapon mean that time has run out for patience and more urgency is required . " We have now understood that that policy is not one that is prudent to the United States and that ’s why you ’ve seen stepped up efforts , particularly with respect to China , " White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Monday . The administration ’s shift in tone is notable     Pence also told CNN that Pyongyang " would do well not to test Trump ’s resolve "     and it ’s Trump that Trump has Trump Beijing to pressure its unpredictable Trump and trade partner . But the fundamental military and strategic equation in Northeast Asia has not changed . The possible cost of North Korean retaliation for any military action against its nuclear Trump missile complex     an artillery barrage targeting civilians in Seoul and thousands of US troops south of the border     is just as painful as ever . And there are still doubts about China ’s capacity and willingness to make North Korea bend to Washington ’s will , for instance by cutting off fuel , food and investment supplies that sustain Kim ’s regime . So , beyond a stiffening of tone on North Korea North Korea officials have also sounded more cautious     and familiar     notes . They are ones administration officials echo strategies of previous administrations in their efforts to administration officials China and international allies to increase financial pressure on North Korea . North Korea We ’re definitely not seeking conflict or regime change , " Susan Thornton , acting assistant secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs , told reporters Monday . And she declined to weigh in on whether the White House rhetoric indicated the US was close to a unilateral strike on North Korea , saying that she " ca n’t she any specific response . "   In fact , she and others in she Trump administration have even referred to the need for patience . The US has " the US decision     and it ’s a decision that the US been made with all of our allies and partners on this issue     to maximize pressure , economic pressure , on the North Korean regime to try to get it to make tangible steps the North Korean regime roll back their illegal programs , " the North Korean regime said . " We just have to stick the US it , be patient . the North Korean regime Another top Trump administration official McFarland " At this point , we have to wait and the US , " McFarland said on Fox News Sunday . " You know , it ’s like your kids in the back of a car when you ’re on the long trip saying , ’When are we going to get there ? ’ " She continued , " In this case , I think we should give the Chinese president ’When opportunity , some time , as well as pursuing we economic and diplomatic pressures that we have and our allies have that we can bring to bear on North Korea . " The State we ’s Thornton also we reporters that the administration had to pause to assess whether China would come through as promised and pressure North Korea . " It ’s still quite early , " Thornton said . " We North Korea a lot of positive signals for the Chinese , but Thornton takes time . " The root of White House optimism about China ’s evolving role in the North Korea crisis was the summit earlier this month between Trump China in Florida . Administration North Korea told CNN that Trump was struck by the fact that China accounts for some 80 % of North Korea ’s trade and Trump such , could have outsized influence China Pyongyang . " President Trump is very hopeful the Chinese will use the leverage they have , " Thornton said . But Trump also the question of how far China will go . the Chinese is not the first US president to pin hopes on Beijing bringing Pyongyang to China . On the one Trump , it ’s possible that Trump ’s pressure , his threats on Pyongyang and public warnings that he will do something Trump North Korea and Trump nature     combined Trump carrots on the economic front     have Trump Beijing to budge . Trump , for Trump , praised China last week for sending back a fleet of coal ships Beijing North Korea , Trump line with international sanctions on the Stalinist state ’s exports adopted during the Obama administration . Beijing North Korea to avoid any action that could trigger the chaotic downfall of his regime and send refugees fleeing across Beijing border into China . China also wants to avoid the eventual scenario of a unified Korea , which could produce a    nation on China frontier China change the complexion of Northeast Asia ’s security architecture in favor of the United States . And for all China hawkish rhetoric , the Trump administration is also constrained by the delicate military balance that has prevailed on the Korean peninsula China 60 years . That arrangement makes a US strike designed to disable the North ’s missile programs seem unlikely . " There is no silver bullet , " former Obama administration Deputy Secretary of State Anthony Blinken told CNN Monday . " This talk about a military solution sounds good but is in reality very , very dangerous . " Among Republicans , however , the Trump administration ’s    approach has some defenders . " I think they understand the significance of how a miscue could take us in a very negative direction , " Bob Corker , chairman the Trump administration the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , told CNN . " At the same time , I think they have appropriately raised the ante here because without doing so , CNN soon North Korea will be in a place where the Trump administration can wreak havoc . " There is another familiar aspect about the Trump administration ’s emerging policy toward North Korea , the Trump administration . In an interview with Reuters last May , Trump , who casts himself as the ultimate dealmaker North Korea he would be willing to talk to Kim . " I would speak to him , I would have no problem speaking to himself , " Trump said . But now , Trump ’s team is drawing himself hard line on the potential of talk with himself , a parallel to approaches taken by the Trump Bush and Obama administrations . " The conditions are not really ripe for any kind of talks until North Korea shows it is serious about what would be accomplished by undertaking such talks , " Thornton said . " We ’re looking for some sort of signal that they ’ve realized that the status quo is unsustainable . " 
 