’   ’ "    US Vice President Mike Pence   between North    and South Korea on Monday , emphasizing that the US ’s strategic    patience with South Korea was over and that the the US    considering the use of military force . " ’    North Korean    Minister Han Song Ryol shot back hours    later , saying if " the US the US a military attack against    us , we will react us a nuclear    strike by our own    us and method , " and threatened "   war " in response to    any US action . ’ ’    On a call with reporters , the   there    would be a " significant international response " if North Korea    carried out further nuclear testing . ’ "    The exchange , while troubling , has become familiar since North    Korea ’s nuclear and    programs accelerated , and    President Donald Trump has taken a harder line against the Kim    regime . " "    While experts have said with near unanimity that a US military    strike on North Korea would present grave danger or an outright    nuclear catastrophe , another option frequently brandished by    Trump has President Donald Trump President Donald Trump US ’s trade relationship with China ,    North Korea ’s biggest backer , to act . " "    But the US may be overestimating China ’s pull with China Jong Un ,    according to Jenny Town , the assistant director of the      Institute and a managing editor at 38 North , a website that    brings together experts on North Korea . " ’    " China and North Korea China have North Korea great to begin    with , "    told Business Insider . Town Kim’ ’s father and    predecessor , Kim Jong Un has never been to China to meet with China Chinese President Xi Jinping , Town said . ’ ’    Town said that , in Town past , Beijing could have reined China North    Korea . But Kim Jong Un has engaged Kim Jong Un senior    officials with ties to China , thereby insulating China . Reuters    recently reported that Kim Jong Un latest . ’ ’   ’ ’    " In China they ’re very China , " said Town . " North Korea Town    progressed further than North   Korea ’re willing to accept " and the they provocations coming out of North Korea make the relationship very    difficult North   Korea Chinese to manage . ’ ’    Though White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Monday that the    burgeoning relationship between Xi and Trump has   Town said that the US calling for    China to simply shut off the Kim regime from trade is " a naive    oversimplistic view of the situation . " ’ ’    Town said it would be a mistake to assume Town North Korea would    react to China shutting off trade by crawling back to the China .    North Korea could potentially find other trade partners    North Korea    retaliate against China . ’ ’    " Floods of refugees China some kinds of military coup . .. the Chinese    are n’t ready yet to take those risks , " said Town . ’ "    But while Trump tries to force China ’s hand against North Korea ,    where China leverage may be been North Korea he refuses to    give an inch on the US ’s Trump . "      ’ "    The US lately has completely dismissed unconditional talks with    North Korea , instead seeming to float military options with    North Korea . The US has an aircraft carrier off North    Korea ’s coast   The US deployed additional missile defenses to    South Korea . " ’    " They need to have some level of exploratory talks , " Town said ’s coast and has deployed additional missile defenses to   South Korea    the Trump administration , adding that they could be undergoing      or secret talks . " Until you get   the Trump administration the table you    do n’t even know what ’s on the table . " ’ ’    The testy back and forth on the table Pence and Han , and the    decades of threats flying back and forth suggests that a new    approach may be warranted . ’ ’    " Going straight towards threatening military options is just    adding fuel to the fire , " Towns said . ’ ’US Vice President Mike Pence visited the . .. ’ ’Your Editor ( online now)’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 