  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin are scheduled to speak on the phone Saturday in President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin first conversation since Trump took office , with Vice President Mike Pence joining the call . Trump has vowed to have better relations with Russia than Trump predecessor .   This month , Trump suggested Trump would lift sanctions imposed by the Obama administration if the Kremlin helps the US battle terrorists .    In Trump new year ’s message , Trump congratulated Trump and expressed hope their two countries would be able to " take their interaction in the international arena to a whole new level . "   " Major global and regional challenges that our countries have confronted in recent years clearly confirm that    relations are an important factor in ensuring stability and security in the modern world , " Trump said .   Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov this week called for the "   of normal relations " between Russia and the United States under the Trump administration .   " Following the difficult relations we had under Barack Obama , Trump is ready to meet in the interests of global security and stability , " Lavrov Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . New leaf , Tensions between the US and Russia Russia at their New leaf, Tensions between the US and Russia in years , after the the Trump administration the Kremlin of interfering in the 2016 election , imposing sanctions and ejecting diplomats .   Trump has been accused by his critics of Trump too close to Russia Russia and both he and Obama Trump briefed Obama an unverified dossier containing allegations that Russian operatives possessed compromising information on Trump .   Trump 4 , 000 US soldiers have also been deployed to eastern Europe as part of troop rotations the Pentagon said are intended to bolster ties with NATO allies and send a message to Russia .   There is therefore great scope for Trump to improve Trump between Washington and the Kremlin , as he has expressed a desire to do . This week , however , UK Prime Minister Theresa May advised caution when dealing with Russia , ahead Russia her meeting Friday UK Prime Minister Theresa May Trump .   Trump With President Putin , my advice is to engage , but beware , " she said . UK Prime Minister Theresa May " We should engage with Russia from a Russia of strength and build the relationship , systems , and processes that make cooperation more likely than conflict . " 
 