Berkeley , California ( CNN ) Protests that erupted at Berkeley ahead of a planned Wednesday appearance by    commentator Milo Yiannopoulos caused $ 100 , 000 worth of damage to the campus , the school said Thursday .   The the school " 150 masked agitators " for the unrest , saying they had 150 masked agitators" to campus to disturb an otherwise peaceful protest . Two Berkeley College Republicans " were attacked while conducting an interview " on the the campus Thursday , UC Thursday also Berkeley College a prepared statement . The attackers , who were not affiliated with the university , the school into custody by UC Berkeley police . Administrators Berkeley College cancel the Wednesday event about two hours before the Breitbart editor ’s speech . UC Berkeley said it removed him Berkeley College " amid the Breitbart editor’s violence the Breitbart editor’s destruction of property and out of concern for public safety . "     protesters wearing masks threw    fireworks and rocks at police . Some even hurled Molotov cocktails that ignited fires . They also smashed windows of the student Some center on the Berkeley campus where the Yiannopoulos event was to be held .   At least six people were injured . Some were attacked by the agitators     who are a part of an anarchist group known as the " Black Bloc " that has been causing problems in Oakland for years , said Dan Mogulof , UC Berkeley spokesman .   More than 1 , 500 protesters had gathered at Sproul Plaza , chanting and holding signs that read : " No safe space for racists " and " This is war . "   The violent protesters tore down metal barriers 500 protesters near the campus bookstore and damaged the construction site of a new dorm . One woman wearing a red Trump hat was pepper sprayed in the face while being interviewed by CNN affiliate KGO . She was able to respond that she was OK One woman wearing a red Trump hat the attack .   As One woman wearing a red Trump hat scene spiraled out of control , university police warned protesters to disperse and issued a lockdown for campus buildings .   " We condemn in the strongest possible terms the violence and unlawful behavior that was on display and deeply regret that those tactics will now overshadow the efforts to engage in legitimate and lawful protest against the performer ’s presence and perspectives , " UC Berkeley said in a statement .   " While Yiannopoulos’ views , tactics and rhetoric are profoundly contrary to our own , we are bound by the Constitution , the law our our values and the campus ’s Principles of Community to enable free expression across the full spectrum of opinion and perspective , " it stated .   As police dispersed the crowd Principles of Community campus , a remaining group of protesters moved into downtown Berkeley and smashed windows at several local banks . No arrests were made throughout the night . Yiannopoulos on college speaking tour , Yiannopoulos had been invited to speak by the Berkeley Yiannopoulos Republicans . He has been on a college speaking tour and Yiannopoulos planned to speak about cultural appropriation on Wednesday . In a Facebook Live video , Yiannopoulos described what happened as " an expression of Yiannopoulos violence . " " I ’m just stunned that hundreds of people . .. were so threatened by the idea that a conservative speaker might be persuasive , interesting , funny and might take some people with him , they have to shut it down at a conservative speaker costs some people " President Donald Trump weighed in on Twitter , suggesting the possibility of cutting federal funds to the public university .   " If U. C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view     NO FEDERAL FUNDS ? " Trump tweeted Thursday morning .   Later , Yiannopoulos President Donald Trump Trump ’s tweet to Facebook and proclaimed himself " President Donald Trump catalyst for this change . " " American universities are on notice . The President is watching , " he wrote . " The days you could silence The President and libertarian voices on campus and still expect to collect their tax money are coming to an end . conservative and libertarian voices Yiannopoulos trying to convince colleges hate speech is cool Yiannopoulos But some protesters said the Yiannopoulos event was n’t a matter of free speech Yiannopoulos because he espouses hate speech .   UC Berkeley said Yiannopoulos had prepared security measures following what had happened UC Berkeley Yiannopoulos’ previous events . One of his planned speaking engagements at UC Davis was also Yiannopoulos last month in response to protests . " Ultimately , and unfortunately , however , it was impossible to maintain order given the level of threat , disruption and organized violence , " UC Berkeley said in a statement . Controversial speech UC Berkeley UC Berkeley students who spoke with CNN said they were UC Berkeley Yiannopoulos was n’t able to speak , Controversial speech, Most UC Berkeley students who spoke with CNN this was not how they wanted to accomplish that goal .   One student told Controversial speech, Most UC Berkeley students who spoke with CNN that he did n’t agree with what happened . " CNN ’s One student sad irony in the fact that the Free Speech Movement was founded here and tonight , someone ’s free speech got shut down . It might have been hateful speech , but it ’s still It right to speak , " said Shivam It , a One student who stood outside of Sproul Plaza .   The Free Speech Movement started at UC Berkeley in 1964 after the Free Speech Movement when administrators tried to restrict their political activities on campus .   Patel said he supported peaceful protests , masse disagreed with the way things turned out on Patel .   " It allows people on the right to say , ’Look at all these liberal Berkeley snowflakes . They ’re intolerant of speech.’ I do n’t think it ’s productive at all people on the right to say, ’Look at all these liberal Berkeley snowflakes It does nothing to help this country . It 
 It 