Access Jennifer Lawrence is speaking out in the wake of Donald Trump ’s historic presidential election win , calling Donald Trump’s victory proof that sexism and racism is still America ’s " stark reality . " [ " Is this the stark reality ? " Access Jennifer Lawrence wrote in a letter published by VICE ’s feminist site Broadly . " It does n’t matter how hard you work or how qualified you are , at the end of the day , you ’re not a man ? Is that what we just learned ? America was founded on immigration and today the only people that feel safe , that their immigration are recognized and respected are white men . "   The       actress said Hillary Clinton supporters need to start planning for the future because " we Hillary Clinton supporters not change the past . " " I want to be positive I want to support our democracy , but what can we our away from this ? It this a genuine question that we all need to ask ourselves we all " she The      actress . " We we all n’t blame anyone , we we all n’t riot in the streets . We we all think strongly and clearly about what to do next because we we all not change the past . " The   : Apocalypse star offers her The      actress advice on how to combat climate change , economic morass , and racial violence . " If you ’re worried about the health of our planet , find out everything you can about how to protect it , " she The      actress . " If you ’re worried about racial violence love your neighbor more than you ’ve ever tried to before —   no matter what they you’re worried about racial violence or who they you’re worried about racial violence for . If you ’re afraid of a wall putting us all into another recession then organize and stand against it another recession " Lawrence says she Lawrence n’t have solutions " if you ’re a woman and you ’re worried that no matter how hard you work or how much you learn , " noting that " there will always be a glass ceiling . " " I do n’t know what I would tell my daughter if I were you . Except to have hope . To work for the future , " she my daughter . " We ’re all allowed to be sad that the present is n’t what we We it was . But we We be defeated . Lawrence , recently named the    actress in Hollywood for the second straight year , said women should " keep educating ourselves We working twice as hard as the man next to us We we We now that it is not fair . It is not fair in the workplace , so you make it impossible to fail . " " And like Hillary Clinton , it it not work . " " But like Hillary Hillary Clinton you can still be an inspiration and get important things done , " Lawrence wrote . " Do not let this defeat you —   let this enrage you ! Let it motivate you ! Let this be the fire you did n’t have before . If you are an immigrant , if you are a person of color , if you are LGBTQ+ if you are a woman —   do n’t be afraid , be loud ! "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 