As the U. S. presidential primaries rage on and Donald Trump holds onto a healthy lead in the Republican showdown , Politico has drawn a parallel between the American magnate and Italy ’s resilient but often embarrassing populist leader , Silvio Berlusconi . [ Politico writer Silvia Marchetti claims that on observing Donald Trump rise , Italians experience a " queasy sense of déjà vu , " hearing " very familiar echoes in Trump Donald Trump    rhetoric , his Politico writer Silvia Marchetti machismo and the cult of personality based on the image of the    man . "   Similar comparisons have appeared recently in the Italian press , who find numerous similarities between the entrepreneurs , suggesting that an excellence in    and consumer persuasion do not always translate into effective policy or leadership . Il Fatto Quotidiano , an influential daily , said that like Berlusconi , Trump presents " a threat to democracy because he ’s not a politician , but a brand —   a parasite that destroys the political establishment through    and techniques . " Silvio Berlusconi a hugely successful career first as a media mogul and later as a    prime minister . Known as a Teflon politician , even when Berlusconi was Berlusconi convicted for tax fraud in 2013 and sentenced separately for having sex with an    prostitute , many of his supporters Berlusconi to proclaim that he had Berlusconi victim to a    conspiracy . Marchetti ’s comparison between Trump and Berlusconi does Berlusconi end with the rhetorical style of the two men . She also Marchetti similarities in the two entrepreneurs’ womanizing ,    platforms , extravagant promises and an uncanny ability to appeal to ordinary citizens " from a lofty and    perch . " All of this leads the writer to conclude that Donald Trump Trump and Berlusconi an American Silvio Berlusconi . " Like Trump , Berlusconi "an American Silvio Berlusconi late Silvio Berlusconi his career , presenting himself Silvio Berlusconi a populist , Silvio Berlusconi candidate who had proven himself in the private sector Silvio Berlusconi Many believed his business acumen would help Silvio Berlusconi Italy ’s flagging economy and signal a break with the notorious corruption and instability of the Italian political machine . Marchetti claims that the Italian experience suggests that " Trump ’s American voters should be careful what they ask for . " Trump’s American voters in office , she observes , the reality of Prime Minister Berlusconi was quite different than what candidate Berlusconi had pledged . While Prime Minister Berlusconi less taxes for everyone , Berlusconi oversaw a general rise Prime Minister Berlusconi Italy ’s tax rate , which hit 54 percent in 2013 —   the highest level in Europe . " Berlusconi revealed himself a great Prime Minister Berlusconi manager Prime Minister Berlusconi but a terrible man of government , " said Giovanni Orsina , director at the    Luiss University School of Government . " His flamboyant promises never met Prime Minister Berlusconi to expectations . His idea of politics as Prime Minister Berlusconi was a failure . " Marchetti writes that Berlusconi ’s tendency for    Prime Minister Berlusconi ended in international humiliation for Italy , " and suggests that a Trump presidency could end similarly for America , " not just with personal embarrassment , but with carnage in the political system . " Some Italians strike a pose of political sentinels , warning unwary Americans of what they might be getting into Americans a Trump presidency . " Berlusconi and Trump have the power to Trump raw nerves and split a nation , " said Alberto Bianchi , a northern Italian banker . " Verbal leads to physical violence . " Marchetti also cites Mirella Fabi , a Rome shopkeeper in Rome , who claims that Berlusconi " rose to power only to Berlusconi and Trump his own economic interests , passed    Marchetti and ended up bringing starlets and prostitutes into parliament and government . " " He ’s a con man who fooled Marchetti all , " Fabi said . The Politico editorial acknowledges that since Trump has n’t yet held any kind of office , it impossible to know how his words will translate into action . Marchetti they clearly hope that by drawing parallels between the Italian experience of Berlusconi and his American political doppelganger , some voters Berlusconi be led to question the expedience of a Trump presidency . Every election implies risk , they seem to say . The question Every election whether a Trump tenure in the White House would Trump worth it . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter    Follow @    < ! [ CDATA [ ! function ( d , s , id){var js , fjs = d . getElementsByTagName ( s)[0],p= ^ 
 