  ( CNN ) Today , somewhere in America , Hillary Clinton will likely fly on a private jet under the watchful eye of armed security . For the last 30 years , Hillary Clinton has enjoyed the safety that comes with Hillary Clinton armed security detail . Hillary Clinton has never had to worry about being alone in Hillary Clinton home in an emergency situation . Unlike most Americans , Hillary Clinton does not have to think about dialing 911 if Hillary Clinton hears the glass break downstairs at 2 o’clock in the morning .   And Hillary Clinton never has to wait the national average of 11 minutes from the time Hillary Clinton calls for help to the time the police arrive . Despite that reality , Hillary Clinton does n’t believe you and I have the individual right to keep firearms in our homes to protect our and our families .   So where does that leave our ?   that leaves our with Clinton ’s vision for America     one set of rules for Hillary Clinton and a different set for the rest of our . that ’s easy for Clinton to casually dismiss a right Clinton ’s never had to rely upon     and a   right Clinton ’ll likely never have to use .   Though Clinton might ask , " What difference does it make ? "   To you and me , access to firearms might make the difference between life and death .    But Clinton ’s    policies paint Clinton as more than just an elitist politician policies prove how much of a threat Clinton is to the safety and security of ordinary citizens . Take Marquita Turner of Birmingham , Alabama .   Marquita was five months pregnant when an intruder broke into Marquita home at 2:20 a. m.   It was the third time in seven months this had happened .   Not surprisingly , Marquita was alone . This story could have had a tragic ending .   But thankfully Marquita had a firearm to protect Marquita .   And because of that , Marquita was able to stop a violent criminal from ending Marquita life and that of Marquita unborn baby . While we might easily take Marquita ’s right to defend Marquita for granted , that issue is on the ballot this November .   Eight years ago , the U. S. Supreme Court said the Constitution guarantees our fundamental right to keep a firearm in our homes for   . You ’d think that was a    but it was a close vote : five to four . And after Justice Antonin Scalia ’s death in February , there ’s no longer a majority on the U. S. Supreme Court who believe it . One of the next president ’s first tasks will be to fill Scalia ’s seat , and that decision will determine whether Marquita ’s right     and our right     to defend ourselves our our our will survive or disappear . Those who support Second Amendment rights have a clear choice in this election .   Donald Trump has made known his Donald Trump for our our right to keep and bear arms .   He Donald Trump put forth a list of potential Supreme Court nominees who strongly believe in the Second Amendment . And his Donald Trump mate , Mike Pence , has been a consistent supporter of    gun owners and sportsmen . Clinton , on the other hand , said the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment the Second Amendment called the case upholding the right to own a gun for protective purposes a " terrible decision . " Clinton has since tried to Clinton , but her shifting " clarifications " Clinton offer more proof that she can not be trusted Clinton Clinton has also said we Clinton look to Australia ’s gun confiscation scheme as a potential model for American gun policy . Join us on Facebook . . we being protected by armed security for decades , she has a decadeslong record Clinton opposing the same protection for average Americans . And her running mate , Tim Clinton , has voted against gun owners’ rights time and again . The American people overwhelmingly believe the choice to own a firearm for    is theirs to make . It does n’t belong to    government .   It is an individual freedom    So it is too important , too fundamental , to be subject to one set of rules for elites like Clinton and a different set for the rest of us . This election will determine the future of American freedom . Our Founding Fathers understood the value of that freedom and gave us American freedom to preserve and Our it . Generations of patriotic Americans American freedom fought and died for that freedom .   We owe American freedom them to not Our idly by and Generations of patriotic Americans Clinton to take it away . 
 it 