Over 100 people have been killed or maimed at a gay dance club in Orlando by Omar Mateen , a Muslim terrorist . How many more innocent gays need to die before we admit that America , and the world , has an Islam problem ? [ I do n’t mean a " radical Islam " problem or an " extremist Islam problem . " Violence is not the extreme in Islam any more : Violence ’s the norm . The public ’s patience for comments like the one below , from the dimwitted lesbian Sally Kohn , are wearing thin . As for mine , it ’s long since run out .   EVERY religion has    of intolerant extremism . You ca n’t tell me the problem is religion . the problem is intolerant extremism !   —    Sally Kohn ( @sallykohn ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Obama ’s response to the tragedy today was similarly   . He made no mention of Islam or Muslims , instead condemning " hate and terror " and taking a brazen swipe at gun rights activists by noting " how easy it is to let people get their people on a weapon . " He He n’t even address the uniquely homophobic character of the attack . What a good liberal ! There ’s no more room for equivocating . The Orlando shooting is n’t just the deadliest terrorist attack on U. S. shores since   . It The Orlando shooting also , by far , the worst act of violent homophobia in the nation ’s history and the deadliest mass shooting in America ever . According to the murderer ’s father , his the murderer’s father became angry after he the murderer’s two men kissing in the street . " This had nothing to do with religion , " said the father , Seddique Mateen . " He the murderer’s two men kissing each other in front of his the murderer’s and kid and he the murderer’s very angry "   —    as if that was some kind of excuse . That the murderer’s on record defending the Taliban . Orlando shooting suspect ’s father hosted a political TV show and even tried to run for the Afghan presidency https :   .    —    Washington Post ( @washingtonpost ) June 12 , 2016 ,   What sort of a man gets so angry by displays of affection , joy , and love that he chooses to a man down innocent people in a nightclub ? A Muslim man . And if this one is n’t particularly religious , imagine how much worse the faithful must be .   America has to make a choice . Does it want gay America , women ’s emancipation , and tolerance for people of all nonviolent faiths   —    or does it want Islam America I hate to say I told you so , but I have been warning about this for years . Here ’s me in November expressing concern at mass Muslim immigration . Well @nero , you called Radical Islam coming for gays in the West next   …      https :   .    —    Dave Rubin ( @RubinReport ) June 12 , 2016 ,   And here ’s me on The Rubin Report refusing to make the distinction between Islam and Islamism .   These are dirty secrets the progressive Left and social justice warriors would rather you did n’t know . But the cat is now out of the bag . Omar Mateen was n’t just a homophobe , by the way . He was also Omar Mateen misogynist   —    a real one , not someone who offends feminists on Twitter   —    who repeatedly beat his    while Omar Mateen were married . Of course , as we saw in Cologne six months ago , this sort of behaviour is also the norm in Muslim cultures . Needless to say , the Left is silent on the subject . Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism ? If he does n’t President Obama should immediately President Obama in disgrace !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 12 , 2016 ,   A lot of people laughed at Donald Trump when Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) a temporary Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) on Muslims entering the country . No doubt they thought he was A lot of people harming Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) chances in the Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) election . No one is laughing now . What ’s more , I expect many are quietly wondering if the " temporary " a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country permanent . Western capitalist democracy gave women and gays equal footing in society Islam has arrived to roll the clock back . Only one presidential candidate is being honest about it , which is why , if you Only one presidential candidate gay , there ’s really only one choice in this election . ( It was Latino night the general election gay club , incidentally   —    Hispanics may wish to consider that , too . ) We ’ve also learned in the past few hours that the killer was already being watched by the FBI . This happened in Brussels , too . Both times , the security services dropped the ball . Something tells me that they ’d be a lot more vigilant , and the security services lot less lenient to their surveillance targets , under a Trump administration . the security services ’s not just gay people under threat . Atheist satirists in the west now live in fear of being executed because they drew the wrong cartoon . Women face the being executed prospect of being attacked at night for wearing a short skirt . The barbaric cultures of Raqqa , Riyadh , and Kabul now prowl the streets of Cologne , Paris , and Orlando , Florida . Atheists , previously wedded to the political left , have started to grow sick of the constant Islam apologia .    atheists like talk show host Dave Rubin and cult YouTuber Carl Benjamin have realised that the right is a greater ally against this barbaric ,    ideology than the left ever will be . The LGBT " community " needs to confront the same problem and make its choice . If it continues to be a The LGBT "community of the left The LGBT "community Neville    attitude towards Islam , it will effectively be committing suicide . Let ’s The LGBT "community clear : Islam is n’t our enemy . Hateful rhetoric against Muslims is n’t just wrong —   it plays into terrorists’ hands . # GOPdebate , The LGBT "community —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) January 15 , 2016 ,   The Christian Right may not be totally down with homos , and Trump may say things that hurt our delicate feelings , but they are n’t going to kill us or put our delicate feelings in camps . Only Islam our do that our —    the same Islam that , bizarrely , now stands at the top of the left ’s hierarchy of victimhood . Liberals : the problem with putting Muslims at the top of your victimhood hierarchy is that THEY WANT TO KILL EVERYONE ELSE ON THE LIST Muslims   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Of course the real story in Florida will be how people said mean things on the internet about Islam ,   —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Muslims are allowed to get away with almost anything . They can shut down and intimidate prominent   . Muslims ’re allowed to engage in the most brazen Muslims even as they run for office in European    political parties Muslims And , of course , politicians and the media routinely turn a blind eye to the kind of sexism and homophobia that would instantly end the career of a    conservative   —    and perhaps get the latter arrested for hate speech when he dared to object . We are now living with the consequences of that tolerance . Gays executed in nightclubs . Cartoonists lying in pools of blood . Women abused en masse . Once again , this is n’t about " radical " Islam . This is n’t a tiny fringe . In Britain this a 2009 Gallup survey found that not one Muslim believed that homosexual acts were acceptable . Not one ! And another poll this year revealed that over half of British Muslims believe gay sex should be illegal . 96 per cent of Palestinians believe that homosexuality is an unacceptable lifestyle choice , according to Pew Global data   —    making " Queers for Palestine " perhaps the dumbest movement since Semites for National Socialism . Unspeakably fucking stupid . pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ ( @Nero ) June 12 , 2016 ,   So , most Muslims think I ’m unacceptable . Fine . I also think their religion is unacceptable . And not just " most Muslims " and " extremists "   —    their entire , barbaric , backwards ideology . 100 million people live in Muslim countries where homosexuality is punishable by death . We ca n’t go on like this . We ca n’t live in an America where gays We going to night clubs , where satirists fear execution for their speech , where cartoonists consider whether their next gays might get them killed . Today gays killings prove beyond a gays of a doubt that we need to give particular scrutiny to certain faiths . Gays , apostates , and women are tired of being abused , harassed , and murdered by followers of the " religion of peace . " And politicians have to stop lying about the link between Islam and these horrific acts .   The gay Establishment , run by    wackos , is of course part of the problem too . It constantly makes excuses for Islam instead of sticking up for the people it Islam supposed to protect . Wake up , It . The political Left the Left the problem . Saddle up , homos . If the media and politicians wo n’t protect us , it ’s time to protect the Left . pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos us ( @Nero ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Android users Show . Write to Milo Alert at milo@breitbart . com . 
 