The Breitbart News White House correspondent told Curt Schilling , mighty righthander and host of Whatever It Takes , that    Donald J. Trump ’s Thursday meeting with President Barack Obama is more than just grip and grin rather Thursday meeting with President Barack Obama is a crucial part of the peaceful transition of power . [ Curt Schilling asked Charlie Spiering , who was calling into Whatever It Takes from inside the White House fence by the West Wing : " these guys ’re not going to talk about the Iran nuclear deal , neither one of these guys likes each other —   the fact that these guys have to get along ? What ’s the conversation like ? What do you think ? "   Call into the show : ( 877 )    Spiering said President Obama received amazing support and cooperation for President George W. Bush . " President Obama really saw the transition of power right up close , when he President Obama in , " he President Obama . " I think that he President Obama very thankful for that , when he President Obama transitioning . " The White House correspondent said Bush President George W. Bush to ignore or dismiss that Obama President Obama run for president promising to reverse everything Bush President George W. Bush worked for . " If you remember back then , in 2008 , President President George W. Bush Obama President Obama on some major issues , including the Iraq War , " he said President George W. Bush The modern transition began when New York Gov. Franklin D. Roosevelt succeeded President Herbert Hoover on the Constitution ’s original date of March 4 , 1933 , but that interregnum was considered too long in light of the Great Depression . The 20th Amendment moved the date to January 20 . Congress funds transition teams for each of the party nominees as the presidential election goes on , but the real work starts after Election Day , when decisions become real . Spiering said Obama and Trump are addressing serious issues , even in this first relatively short meeting . " This is n’t necessarily going to be a ‘ Hi , how you doing —   Nice to meet you’ kind of meeting , " he said Spiering " There is going to be business discussed about how to transition power , and they are going to have to be very    about these discussions , " he said Spiering Schilling told Spiering that he spoke Schilling Bush about how he handled Schilling transition with Obama . " I remember him talking Schilling the directives —   him to Schilling transition Schilling to the Obama team Obama his utmost Schilling was to transition smoothly , softly , and respectfully the office of the president Bush he always Schilling a reverence for the position and the people he was Schilling . " Schilling said , " I am hoping we ’ll see the same thing , but the contentiousness —   the fact that these people do n’t like each other —   and there is no other way to put that : They do n’t these people each other —   that has got to be an awkward thing . " Spiering said it could have Spiering awkward between Bush and Obama , and Bush made sure Bush was not Spiering " Bush really set Bush precedent . He was as Bush as possible , " he said . Bush set the Bush for the transition to be    and professional and Obama seems to Obama taking that standard and his role very Bush , he said . Bush even spoke Obama Bush ’s example Bush reporters at the Rose Garden , he said . Join Bush Schilling weekdays from 9 a. m to 11 a. m. as he hosts Whatever It Curt Schilling broadcast live online at Breitbart . com .   
 