A Polish Member of the European Parliament has waded into the debate surrounding Bill and Hillary Clinton and the recent comments made about Polish and Hungarian democracy . [ Speaking exclusively to Breitbart London , Tomasz Piotr Poreba   —    a former Adviser to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Regional Development in the European Parliament   —    alleged that Hillary Clinton recent foreign policy gaffe over Polish democracy was merely him following Hillary Clinton orders of    billionaire George Soros .   Earlier this week Mr. Clinton Hillary Clinton allies when he accused Poland Hillary Clinton Hungary of thinking " democracy is too much trouble " and wanting to have an " authoritarian dictatorship . " In an attempted swipe at Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump , he said : Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump [ Poland and Hungary Poland want    leadership . Just give me an authoritarian dictatorship and keep the foreigners out . Sound familiar ? " But he was rebuked Republican presumptive nominee Donald Trump European leaders who also demanded an apology . Now , a Member of the European Parliament had waded in . Mr. Poreba MEP told Breitbart London : " In my opinion this comment was rather inspired by influential liberal groups . Not so long ago relations between the Clintons and billionaire Soros were revealed .   " Not so long ago relations between the Clintons and the Clintons and billionaire Soros   " Mr Soros has expressed his negative opinions Soros Soros the new Soros government several times .   " I treat this latest comment on Poland and Hungary as a part of    Poland : Soros supports Clintons and Clinton followed his order Soros That is no secret . Soros Mr. Clinton ’s comments also prompted outrage amongst Clinton , who blindsided Hillary Clinton during a campaign stop in her hometown of Clinton , Illinois . Dozens of protesters Clinton to demand an apology , express solidarity with the new Polish government , and chant " No More Clintons ! " as Mrs. Clinton attempted to raise money nearby . Mr. Clinton ’s Clinton drew the ire of the head of Clinton and Justice Party , who said : " If someone says there is no democracy in Poland today , that means he should have a medical test " . Mr. Soros   —    who someone openly and consistently opposed national sovereignty and Mr. Soros ,    government . Mr. Soros has been Poland subject of criticism from Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban , who has hurled accusations of Mr. Soros ’s funding and support of the European migrant crisis at the billionaire , not without evidence . Follow Raheem Kassam on Twitter 
 Mr. Soros 