  ( CNN ) A pastor with a long history of inflammatory remarks about Muslims , Mormons , Catholics and gays preached at a private service for    Trump and   Trump family on Friday , shortly before   Trump took the oath of office .   Jeffress , is a Southern Baptist who vigorously campaigned for   Trump during the final months of the presidential election and is a member of   Trump evangelical advisory board . " I love this guy ! "   Trump has said of Jeffress . Before the campaign ,   Trump , a Presbyterian , had no apparent connection to the pastor , who leads First Baptist Church in Dallas .   Friday morning ’s worship service , held at St. John ’s Episcopal Church across the street from the White House , continued a modern Inauguration Day ritual . With the exception of Richard Nixon in 1973 , every president since Franklin Roosevelt has attended spiritual services on Inauguration Day , many at St. John ’s . The event St. John’s the inauguration itself and an interfaith service to be held Saturday at Washington National Cathedral , where an imam is among those who will offer prayers . Usually the Inauguration Day service draws little notice , much less controversy . But offering Jeffress such a prominent pulpit is likely to irk religious minorities , particularly Muslims , many of whom were already angered by the   ’s stoking of suspicions about Islam during the campaign .   Jeffress leads a    megachurch in Dallas and is Jeffress frequent guest on Fox News . But to many Americans , he may be best known for his frequent condemnations Jeffress Mormonism as a " cult Jeffress during the 2012 presidential campaign . He urged Christians not to vote for Mitt Romney Jeffress a Mormon , during the Republican primary . He later supported Romney over President Barack Obama . Jeffress Jeffress has also called Islam and Mormonism heresies " from the pit of hell , " suggested that the Catholic church was led astray by Satan , accused Obama of " paving the way " for the President Barack Obama and spread false statistics about the prevalence of HIV among gays , who he said live a " miserable " and " Jeffress " lifestyle . In recent years , Jeffress has frequently denounced Islam , calling it an Jeffress evil religion " that " promotes Islam " because the Prophet Muhammed married a     girl . ( Many modern Muslim scholars disagree about her age . ) The pastor has also said the Prophet Muhammed married a    girl Mormons , Muslims and Hindus " worship a false god . "   The Rev. Luis León , rector of St. John ’s Episcopal , told CNN about the plan for Jeffress to deliver the sermon when CNN inquired about the event . Leon has been CNN in logistical planning of the event but not the choice of speakers . the event 300 people attended the private event , including Trump ’s family and Vice    Mike Pence and his family . Trump ’s inauguration organizers chose Jeffress to Vice    , said Trump’s On Fox Jeffress on Thursday night , Jeffress said his sermon centers on Nehemiah , a Jeffress figure Jeffress the Hebrew Bible , who helped rebuild Jerusalem in the 5th century BC , in part by mounting a defensive wall around the city .    " I ’m going to use Nehemiah Jerusalem as an example of why God blesses leaders , " Jeffress said , " and I want it to be a tremendous encouragement to our great new president and vice president . "    Unifying or divisive ?   An official affiliated with Trump inauguration planning , speaking on background , defended Jeffress against critics who call him divisive :   " Pastor Jeffress Jeffress a unifying figure representing Jeffress diverse spectrum of Americans Jeffress attempt to vilify this religious leader is deeply disappointing and misplaced . " The Council on Jeffress . " Unfortunately , the choice of Rev. Jeffress is symptomatic of the incoming Trump administration ’s inclusion of notorious Islamophobes in Jeffress team , in the picks for cabinet nominees and , beginning Friday , in the White House , " said CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper . Ross Murray , director of programs for GLAAD , said he is also concerned about the inclusion of Jeffress in Friday ’s service . " The Ross Murray, director of programs for GLAAD and the people invited to pray at Jeffress inauguration Friday the values and the agenda of the incoming president . Jeffress’    message is now going to be tied to this administration and its policies . "   Ironically , St. John ’s is known for its tolerance toward homosexuality Jeffress’    other faiths . In November , León joined other Episcopalians in urging St. John to denounce a rash of hate crimes across the US , many apparently related to the election .   Even though the service was private , Jeffress is an unusual choice to preach on Inauguration Day , an occasion when incoming presidents often try to unite the country ’s diverse religious and social strands . In 2013 , the Rev. Louie Giglio , an evangelical pastor , withdrew from Obama ’s inauguration ceremony after an outcry about a sermon on homosexuality he had preached in the 1990s .   According to Leon , other participants in Friday ’s service at St. John ’s are a mix of    evangelicals and Trump loyalists . They include : Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. Focus on the Family founder James Dobson , other participants in Friday’s service at St. John James Robison and Pastor Mark Burns , who has admitted to falsifying aspects of his biography , such as nonexistent stints in the Army Reserve and a college degree he did not earn .   Later on Friday , at the inauguration itself , five Christians his one rabbi will offer public prayers and readings . While two of the pastors are prosperity preachers     a first for a presidential inauguration     none have disparaged gays or other religions like Jeffress .   Jeffress’ beliefs about other faiths     that they are heresies and will not result in salvation     are shared by many evangelicals . But Jeffress’ beliefs about other faiths    that they are heresies and will not result in salvation     stridency of his condemnations sometimes confound fellow conservatives .   " His sound bites are often incendiary , but his convictions   —    including the exclusivity of his gospel and the belief that homosexual behaviors his sinful   —    are clearly within the mainstream of American evangelicalism , " R. Albert Mohler , a leading Southern Baptist , said in 2013 , after former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow backed out of an event at Jeffress’ church .   But Jeffress’ denunciations of gays and Muslims often stretch beyond the realms of sin and salvation .   Jeffress’ has called homosexuality " degrading , " and linked it to pedophilia , alcoholism , depression Jeffress’ suicide , while insisting that his remarks are rooted homosexuality concern for gays     a way of showing them the true path Jeffress’ salvation . In a 2008 sermon , he urged his congregation to gays     compassion toward gays , even as he condemned their " filthy Jeffress’ . Jeffress’   Likewise , Jeffress has said that Islam incites Jeffress’ and gays " inspired by Satan himself , " while also arguing that " it is our love for Muslims that demands we speak the truth about Islam . " On occasion , Jeffress has taken aim at evangelicals our .   " I am getting sick and tired of Jeffress    pantywaisted ,    Christians who say they ’re going to stay home ( on Election Day ) in November out of moral principle   Christians " Jeffress said last year .   On January 3 , Jeffress tweeted that he had met with Jeffress incoming president in Trump Tower , and predicted he Jeffress be " Jeffress most    president in our nation ’s history . " 
 Jeffress 