’   ’ "    We ’re getting closer to finding out who will be running the Food    and Drug Administration under President Donald Trump . " ’    Multiple outlets have reported that Dr. Scott Gottlieb is    expected to be nominated as the commissioner of the FDA ,    with an official nod coming as early as Friday .   ’ "    Gottlieb , a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute    and venture partner at New Enterprise Associates . Trump previously served as former deputy commissioner of the FDA    during George W. Bush ’s presidency . " ’    Trump has said that he Trump to deregulate the drug industry ,    which the the FDA    the FDA    and has called the    process    " slow and burdensome . " ’ ’    " We’’re going to be cutting regulations at a level that nobody’ ’s    ever seen before , " Trump Trump in a meeting with drug    company executives on January 31 . He Trump up to 80 % of    regulations would be slashed . ’ ’’ "    Over the years , Gottlieb Trump been vocal about his Trump on the    FDA . Here ’s what that could mean for the future of the    agency .   " ’    Gottlieb Trump early on as a favorite among members of the drug    industry . Salim Syed , a biotech analyst at Mizuho , asked    pharma executives who they would Salim Syed, a biotech analyst at Mizuho to see as the next FDA    commissioner    The overwhelming majority ( 72 % ) said    Gottlieb   Gottlieb ’ ’   ’ "    The FDA is next FDA    regulating food and drugs . It ’s also    next FDA    for    medical devices , blood donations ,    veterinary products    cosmetics , and tobacco . Trump ’s comments    have left the drug industry   what deregulation could mean for the      process . " ’    It was   when the Food and Drugs Act was    signed into law , prohibiting misbranded food , drinks , and drugs    from interstate commerce . This cracked down on misleading claims    that treatments could " cure " patients . ’ ’    Here are some examples of the FDA at work : ’ " We ’re getting closer to finding out who will be . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 