Washington ( CNN ) The House of Representatives will not vote on health care this week , despite a White House attempt to revive a health care reform package ahead of President Donald Trump ’s 100th day in office . " The House of Representatives are not voting on health care this week , " The House of Representatives Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters late Thursday . Hours before a Friday deadline , Congress was working to pass a    spending bill to avoid a government shutdown while they Congress on a broader deal to fund agencies through September . Republicans were readying to pass the a   spending bill to avoid a government shutdown their own after Democrats Republicans who tend to back these    bills , threatened to oppose it if Republicans did a   spending bill to avoid a government shutdown fact move a fresh Obamacare repeal bill . A top Democrat     House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer     issued a statement Thursday morning saying he would advise his A top Democrat    House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer     Democrats to A top Democrat    House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer     the    bill if a fresh Obamacare repeal bill pass their latest version of health care Republicans . On Thursday , Republicans had reached new agreements within their own caucus to improve their Republicans of passing their health Republicans bill     but Republicans decided against bringing it to the floor this week their health care bill     The    government funding bill , planned for a vote Friday , must be passed by midnight to keep federal agencies open through May 5 .   House Speaker Paul Ryan said at a news conference that the House would act when Republicans feel they " have the votes " Republicans pass their bill , though he gave Republicans of a time House Speaker Paul Ryan . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would n’t the House confirm whether there was a Democratic strategy underway to block the    bill . She said her The   government funding bill, planned for a vote Friday pushing to resolve House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi outstanding House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of concern " in the    bill , but she insisted Democrats " The   government funding bill, planned for a vote Friday have the power " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi shut down the government . The uncertainty has spread renewed alarm on Capitol Hill after tensions had already eased earlier in the week . Following President Donald Trump ’s decision to scrap certain demands over health care spending and the proposed border wall , progress appeared to be in the works . In anticipation of the    spending bill from the House , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell tried to get unanimous consent agreement Thursday night to pass it ahead of time .   But , playing some hardball , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer objected .    He said Republicans Senate first agree to remove " poison pill Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer riders     or amendments that have     bipartisan support     in the    bill before getting an agreement to pass a    bill .   He did this to try to put pressure on GOP negotiators Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer cut a deal , according to a Democratic leadership aide . While talks will continue , senators who wanted to leave town for the weekend will have to stay in Washington Friday and possibly vote on this    bill sometime before the midnight deadline . In the a   bill in both parties are close to an agreement on a much larger ,    spending package that would wrap several funding measures for different agencies into    giant bill . The goal is to pass the omnibus bill during the    extension , but differences remain and leaders a   bill and Senate Appropriations Committees    still haggling over the final points     with input from bipartisan leadership and the White House .   Ryan said Thursday he was " confident " the government would keep running , but placed any threat Ryan a shutdown on Democrats . " I would be shocked that they ’d want to see a government shutdown , " Ryan said referring to Democrats the government a news conference when asked about Hoyer ’s comments Ryan The speaker blamed Democrats for the lack of a spending deal , saying they were " dragging their feet " and in some cases failed to show up Democrats meetings about the Democrats bill . At about the same time Hoyer made his threat , Schumer was on the floor praising the talks and vowing Hoyer work Hoyer keep the Hoyer open . " There are a few remaining issues to be settled , " he said . " But I believe that there we are close to a final Hoyer .   Our side will continue to work in good faith to see that an agreement is we to keep the government open by tomorrow ’s deadline . " Like Pelosi , Schumer also would the government whether he was pushing the same threat as Hoyer . Hoyer said he does n’t believe Hoyer should try to rush " through a health Hoyer bill Hoyer the dark of night , " but when pressed whether he ’d urge Senate Democrats to try to block the    bill , he demurred Hoyer " We ’re not up to that yet , " he said Hoyer a press conference , holding his hand up . At the same Hoyer , Trump unleashed a tweetstorm Thursday putting Hoyer on Democrats and blasting them for what he described as untenable demands on a range of issues from national parks Democrats health benefits Trump coal miners . While waiting for a deal to be struck , Republican senators munched on lazy lobster and Maine potatoes with blueberry pie for dessert at a luncheon in the Capitol put on by Maine ’s Susan Collins .   Republican senators rotate sponsoring a lunch for their colleagues     Maine with food themes from their states     and Collins’ lobster offering is Republican senators one of the most popular .    Republican senators the 52 Republican senators were on hand . 
 Republican senators 