’CNN anchor Anderson Cooper repeatedly pressed Donald Trump on Tuesday about how GOP rival Ted Cruz had managed to crush Donald Trump in Colorado.’ ’"The bottom line is the rules are the rules . Didn’’t you just get outplayed on the ground ? " ’CNN anchor Anderson Cooper asked the Republican presidential frontrunner during a CNN    event.’ ’Trump responded by highlighting ’CNN anchor Anderson Cooper overall status in the primary race.’ ’"We’’re really way up in votes in votes , in terms of the voters , " ’CNN anchor Anderson Cooper said . " But the Colorado thing was very , very unfair , " ’CNN anchor Anderson Cooper added.’ " Trump   since Cruz easily won Colorado Colorado a process that concluded last weekend , resulting in a    sweep for the Texas senator . Colorado Colorado primary system is somewhat unusual in that it Colorado’s primary system    conventions instead of caucuses or a traditional primary election . " ’On Tuesday , Trump further bemoaned Cruz’ ’s " shenanigans " in Louisiana , another state where the Cruz campaign   in some of the delegate hunting . Trump Trump a plurality of the vote in Louisiana Louisiana but some delegates became outbound as the race narrowed to fewer candidates . ’ ’"You call them fewer candidates shenanigans . ’’ Those are the rules . And didn’’t you know those the rules " Cooper asked.’ ’"I know the rules the rules . But I know that it’ ’s stacked against me by the Cooper asked.’ . I fully understand it , " Trump insisted.’ ’"You ’"You have had a better organization on the ground , " Cooper said.’ ’"I don’’t know if it would have mattered because it was totally it in stone . And that’ ’s the way it was , " the mogul replied.’ ’’ ’Cooper pointed out that Cruz had actually invested a lot of time and effort in Colorado " going out , reaching out to people who wanted to be delegates , to run the process . I mean , it was a whole electoral process to get delegates . " ’ " But Trump would n’t budge and repeated his argument that Trump rules were simply stacked against him . He Trump said Trump would have Trump Colorado had the Colorado not the rules last year to the current system . " ’"You disagree with the process as the process in Colorado . ’"You Colorado had months to prepare , " Cooper said.’ ’The CNN anchor continued:’ ’Trump again responded by touting his overall status at the " Cooper said.’ ’The CNN anchor continued:’ ’Trump frontrunner.’ ’"Well , if my organization’ ’s not so good , how come I’’ve won many more states than him ? " he asked " Cooper said.’ ’The CNN anchor continued:’ ’Trump ’’ ’Donald " Cooper said.’ ’The CNN anchor continued:’ ’Trump : The rules are also stacked against Bernie Sanders    ’ ’CNN anchor Anderson Cooper repeatedly pressed . .. ’ 
 