HBO ’s " Real Time " host Bill Maher argued that the incident with Corey Lewandowski , the campaign manager for GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump , and former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields was " nothing " and " stupidity " on Friday .   HBO’s "Real Time" host Bill Maher said the tape of the incident was " like the Zapruder film , if nothing had happened . " And another example of liberals attempting to " mimic the stupidity of the right . They had to get on team , liberals attempting to "mimic the stupidity of the right almost killed "stupidity" . " HBO’s "Real Time" host Bill Maher also reacted that Fields’ comment that the event was , " [ A]side from my father ’s death , the worst experience [ that ] I ’ve gone through . The hate that I ’ve received , the email messages . " liberals attempting to "mimic the stupidity of the right replied , " What a charmed , lucky , clueless white girl life you have lived . If that ’s the worse thing that happened to you . And do we have to politicize everything ?    …      That ’s not assault . If I pick a hair off your sweater , is assault ? " Demos Action President Heather McGhee disagreed with Maher ’s statement and said that the charge was technically battery , which is unwanted touching , that Fields had a bruise . Trump supporter Andy Dean then said , " That tape was released by Donald Trump the campaign . It was That tape our ballroom at Trump Jupiter . We wanted our to see this tape That tape after the event , she said Trump supporter Andy Dean almost Trump supporter Andy Dean down . This is also a reporter who said she was Trump supporter Andy Dean by the NYPD , and groped by a war hero , Allen West . " Comedian Kathy Griffin then responded , " I hear her skirt Trump supporter Andy Dean too short . Do n’t even start that perspective . " Dean responded , " She has Trump supporter Andy Dean history , like Brian Williams , of inserting herself into Trump supporter Andy Dean news . " After the discussion briefly pivoted to other events at Trump rallies , Maher stated , " If you cut in line in a bathroom at a nightclub , and somebody did that to you , would there be an assault charge ? " McGhee responded , " But this man wants Maher the leader of the free world and his number two   Maher    this is not a concert . That ’s the point . We have to hold these people to a higher standard than a guy in a concert line . " Dean then stated , " He redirected her . Dean Maher concluded the discussion by stating , " No one can take someone ’s arm anymore in America ? That ’s assault ? " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 