’   ’ "    Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein   to oversee the FBI ’s investigation into    Russia ’s election interference and whether the Trump campaign    colluded with the Kremlin . " ’    The probe is now under the purview of Robert Mueller , a former    FBI director , who has been praised by his former colleagues ,      experts , and members of Congress on both sides    of the aisle . ’ ’    After learning of the appointment , Trump said in a statement , " I    look forward to this matter concluding quickly . ’ ’    " As I have stated many times , a thorough investigation will    confirm what we already know   —    there was no collusion between my    campaign and any foreign entity , "    said . ’ ’    Many of    advisers   since the White House could avoid questions    about a thorough investigation and refer them to Mueller . ’ ’    However , a person in the room with Trump and his Trump when they Trump and his aides    of Mueller’ ’s appointment said " everyone knew this wasn’’t    good news , " . ’ ’    Max Boot , a    analyst , tweeted a similar assessment    on Wednesday . He ’ ’   Max Boot, a   analyst the White House was " desperately spinning    the special counsel as good news , but a retired FBI agent tells       Mueller will ’’ crush ’’ Trump . " ’ ’    Scott Olson , a former FBI agent who recently retired after three    decades at the bureau , told Business Insider on Wednesday Wednesday    Mueller Mueller a good choice for this investigation . " ’ ’    " Not only is he a Mueller prosecutor , he has Mueller good level of    experience in    investigations    issues , " Olson    said . " I think we can expect him to Mueller on developing a solid    understanding of the facts   —    what actually happened   —    and then    follow with a thoughtful recommendation regarding who , if anyone ,    should    held accountable . " ’ "    Trump fired FBI Director James Comey on May 9 amid the bureau Trump investigation into Trump ’s ties Trump , prompting Democrats    and    experts to call for a special counsel .    Those calls became louder when The New York Times reported this    week that Trump had asked Comey Trump drop the bureau ’s probe Trump Flynn , the former national security adviser . " ’    " People across the political spectrum should be able to breathe a    sigh of relief at the appointment of Robert Mueller , " said Andy    Wright , a professor Wright begins this process with the bipartisan gravitas that can    reassure to have confidence in the criminal and    counterintelligence Wright , " Wright added . " Make no    mistake , though : This is bad news for    Trump . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Robert Deitz , a former top counsel for the National Security    Agency and the CIA who worked with Mueller when he headed the    FBI , said he had " enormous respect " for Mueller . He echoed    Wright’ ’s Wright that Mueller’ ’s appointment meant that Wright the    president may have gone Mueller the Wright pan into the fire . " ’ ’    Wright said that Mueller , unlike Rosenstein , enjoyed political    independence and that Trump would pay a " much higher price " if Mueller    were to fire Mueller than he did for firing Comey . Most    Republicans openly supported Comey’ ’s dismissal Wright reacted with    alarm Mueller they Wright that Trump asked Comey in February to drop    the Flynn investigation . ’ ’       Trump won’’t Most   Republicans the ability to influence Comey impede this    investigation without severe consequences , " Wright said . " The    special counsel doesn’’t have additional power , but he has    independence . Unlike Rosenstein , Mueller doesn’’t have to run the    broader Department of Justice . Therefore Wright he gets to avoid the    awkwardness of investigating , say , Attorney General Jeff    Sessions ’’ conduct while sitting Mueller doesn’’t five other meetings a day    with him . " ’ "    The FBI   Sessions’ interactions with Russia ’s    ambassador to the US , Sergey Mueller doesn’’t , last year   —    which he failed    to disclose during his Senate confirmation hearings   —    as part of    its investigation into Russia ’s election interference . " ’ he " In addition , " Wright said , "       enjoy a Russia of support    in Congress that will be wary of any efforts to clip his wings he " ’ "    Trump ’s advisers have recommended he hire a private lawyer to    deal with Wright Russia investigations , according to .    It would not be Trump : President Bill Clinton hired a    personal counsel , David Kendall , in the    1990s amid the    FBI ’s Whitewater probe . " ’    Wright said Trump couldn’’t depend on White House lawyers , like    counsel Don McGahn , to defend him because " his use of them in a    defense could transform them into instruments of obstruction of    justice Trump couldn’’t " ’ Trump couldn’’t    " White House lawyers, like   counsel Don McGahn needs to hire private criminal counsel White House lawyers, like   counsel Don McGahn " Wright said . " White    House lawyers represent the Office of Trump couldn’’t President and not    Donald J. Trump . Trump couldn’’t ’ ’    In any case , Wright said , McGahn is becoming " a fact witness in    his own right " regarding Trump’ ’s relationship with Trump couldn’’t . ’ ’    Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates   McGahn this month that she warned McGahn about    Flynn’ ’s conversations with Kislyak in January so the Trump    administration " could take action Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates  earlier this month amid McGahn that Flynn    was   by the Russians . ’ "    Any private counsel Trump hires would have their work cut out for    them , given the president ’s penchant for     comments   —      like his ’ "   Any private counsel Trump hires " ’    Beth Wilkinson ’ "   Any private counsel Trump hires a former Justice Department prosecutor ,   that    Trump’ ’s comments last ’ "   Any private counsel Trump hires about the judge overseeing his Trump    University fraud case   —    he called the    judge a    " hater " and noted his Mexican heritage   —    " shows the his of the judge overseeing his Trump   University fraud case   client who won’’t listen . " ’ "    his it comes to examining whether Trump sought to obstruct the    FBI ’s investigation into Russia ’s election interference and    whether the Trump campaign played a role Trump    experts say   and past statements about the probe will likely    come back to haunt him Trump    ( Trump ’s comments about barring Muslims    from the US were   were debating the intent behind his two    controversial executive orders Trump    immigration . ) " ’    The president " needs a sophisticated lawyer who has dealt with    cases at the intersection of criminal law and politics , " a    Washington lawyer involved in several White House investigations    told Reuters on Wednesday Wednesday " He is flunking all the rules of    crisis management . White House ’    The the White House not respond to a request for comment . ’ ’Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 