Russian President Vladimir Putin appears disappointed that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump used Russian President Vladimir Putin in a campaign ad , which was released Wednesday , against Hillary Clinton , mocking Hillary Clinton for barking like a dog . [ " I saw this clip . I do not know for sure if Russian President Vladimir Putin saw it this clip [ But ] our attitude is negative , " Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov stated on Thursday .   " It ’s an open secret for us that demonizing Russia and whatever is linked to Russia Russia unfortunately a mandatory hallmark of America ’s election campaign , " Peskov Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov . " We our sincerely regret this and wish the [ U. S. ] electoral process was conducted without such references to our Russia " The Huffington Post reports : First , it uses The Huffington Post of him doing karate as it lists The Huffington Post " toughest opponents " the U. S. president will have to deal with . ( It then The Huffington Post to footage of what looks to be an Islamic State propaganda video , with a fighter pointing his gun a fighter the camera . ) Second , it shows him laughing a fighter a clip of Democratic    Hillary Clinton , who once barked like a dog during a town hall earlier this year . The ad also drew a response from a Super PAC backing Clinton , according to WDSU . " Yesterday Donald Trump released a video in which he mocked Donald Trump Clinton Clinton , ‘ Is this what we want for a president?’ Well , Priorities USA fixed it for him , ( Donald Trump ’re welcome ) , " spokesperson for Priorities USA Justin Barasky stated . WDSU reports , WDSU Super PAC ’s ad " opens with clips of Russian President Vladimir Putin performing martial arts and a masked terrorist pointing a weapon at the camera . " " When it comes to facing our toughest opponents , the Republicans have the perfect answer , " words on the screen say , before cutting to a recent clip of Trump . " Who are you consulting with consistently so that you ’re ready on Day 1 ? " Trump is asked Trump an MSNBC anchor in the clip . a recent clip of Trump ’m speaking with myself , No . 1 , because I have a very good brain and I ’ve said a lot of things , " Trump said . The Trump then cuts to a clip of Clinton laughing , then shows a screen saying , " We do n’t need to be a punchline . Vote for Hillary Clinton . " Clinton 