Washington ( CNN ) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " bets " bombing suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami was probably not listed on a terror watch list because Ahmad Khan Rahami family brought " a lot of litigation " against " different people . " " The guy over the chicken stand brought litigation , a lot of litigation , against different people , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday . " I ’ll bet you that ’s why Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday was on no list . Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday was on no list they probably did n’t want to put Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday on because they did n’t want to get sued . they probably saw Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday was a litigious guy and they do n’t want to get sued so they left Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday alone . " Rahami , who is suspected in Saturday ’s bombings in New York City and Seaside Park , New Jersey , was captured on Monday after a manhunt and shootout . Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday is also believed to be connected to pipe bombs found Sunday night in Elizabeth , New Jersey , sources told CNN . Ahmad Khan Rahami : What we know about the bombing suspect , Rahami Ahmad Khan Rahami lives above First American Fried Chicken in Elizabeth Elizabeth according to the city ’s mayor , Chris Bollwage .   His family Chris Bollwage history of clashing with the community over the restaurant , which used to be open 24 hours a day . Additionally , in 2011 the Rahami family Rahami’s family harassment in a lawsuit filed against the city and its police department , arguing Rahami officials conspired against them by subjecting them to the city and its police department for allegedly the city and its police department a city ordinance on hours of operation . Trump added : " Who knows what the reason is . " " But whatever the reason is , it the reason good . We the reason to end this , " he said . 
 Trump 