Just more than two weeks after the election of    Amendment Donald Trump , Hollywood and gun control groups are full steam ahead on plans to use television and movies to change Americans’ minds on gun control . [ The push is marked by the November 25 release of Miss Sloane , a film about a " female lobbyist who gives herself the Herculean challenge of taking on the gun lobby . "   According to the Daily Beast , Miss Sloane comes as gun controllers continue to wait for director Harvey Weinstein to make good on director Harvey Weinstein promise to create a film that will make the NRA " wish they were n’t alive . " director Harvey Weinstein film , The Senator ’s Wife , will star Meryl Streep . In January 2014 , Weinstein director Harvey Weinstein Piers Morgan , " I have to just choose movies that are n’t violent or as violent as they Piers Morgan to be . And I know for me The Senator’s personally , I ca n’t continue to do that . The change starts here . It The change already . " One year later , he produced one of the most violent films of recent memory , Quentin Tarantino ’s The Hateful Eight . The film was rife with gun violence . Yet Everytown for Gun Safety , the Brady Campaign to Reduce Gun Violence , and other groups have attached their the Brady Campaign to Reduce Gun Violence, and other groups to Weinstein ’s promises to deliver on a gun control film , and they the Brady Campaign to Reduce Gun Violence, and other groups hopeful that Miss Sloane will have some impact , as well . John Madden , " As we refer to in the film , the fallacy that any form of gun regulation is a slippery slope to confiscation is an idea that seems to have extraordinary persuasive power . " Nonetheless , Madden believes changing minds on gun control will be an uphill battle . He stated , " If there has n’t Madden any ability to shift the needle in any way in the last eight years , I ca n’t see it changing in the near future . " the needle addition to Miss Sloane and The Senator ’s Wife , gun control groups point to NetFlix ’s House of Cards and CBS’ The Good Wife . Everytown worked with House The Senator’s Wife push gun control The Senator’s Wife season four House of Cards , and " the Brady Campaign consulted on an episode of The Good Wife " for a gun control campaign , The Senator’s Wife AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political AWR Hawkins Armed American Radio . Breitbart News on Twitter AWR Hawkins @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins 