GETTYSBURG , Pa.   —    Donald J. Trump came to this historic battlefield town Saturday to offer Donald J. Trump vision for America ’s future , saying Donald J. Trump hoped to " heal the divisions " of America as President Lincoln tried to do here seven score and 13 years ago . Yet in Donald J. Trump own GETTYSBURG address , Mr. Trump , who has been sliding in the polls less than three weeks before Election Day , did not offer much in the way of    oratory and did not seem to embrace Lincoln President Lincoln ambition . Instead , the Republican nominee used the first third of what had been promoted as a " closing argument " speech to nurse personal grievances , grumbling about " the rigging of this election " and " the dishonest mainstream media , " and threatening to sue the women who have come forward   —    an 11th woman did on Saturday   —    to accuse him of the Republican nominee sexual advances . " Every woman lied when they came the women who have come forward  —    to hurt my campaign   —    total fabrication , " Mr. Trump said . " The events never happened . Never . All of these liars will be sued after the election this election . " And the more substantive part of the speech , intended to outline his first 100 days in office if he were elected his , did not quite live up to its billing by he were elected president aides , who had promised a major policy address not unlike Newt Gingrich ’s 1994 " Contract with America . " Instead , a Mr. Trump existing campaign promises , from renegotiating trade deals to enforcing tougher immigration laws . Mr. Trump ’s carefully scripted presentation on Saturday Mr. Trump meant to project a new level of forethought and seriousness from a man not usually associated with either . His proposals had legislative titles like the " Affordable Child Care and Elder Care Act " and the " Repeal and Replace Obamacare Mr. Trump . " The speech , before a small , handpicked crowd , was also a recognition that Mr. Trump needs to establish himself as someone with the discipline and temperament to lead the nation . " Hillary Clinton is not running against me , she Mr. Trump running against change , " he said . " And she ’s running against all of the American people and all Hillary Clinton the American voters . " Mr. Hillary Clinton did offer specific immigration Hillary Clinton , including an " End Illegal Immigration Act " that would establish mandatory minimum prison sentences Mr. Trump immigrants caught illegally    the country after deportation . He also said he would stop issuing visas to any country that refused to take in citizens ordered deported from the United States , Mr. Trump policy that Mr. Trump almost certainly disrupt immigration and commerce with China , which is one such country . Mr. Trump also reiterated his promise to build a border wall with Mexico and have Mexico pay for it , though he hedged a Mr. Trump saying , " Mr. Trump country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for Mexico full cost of such a Mr. Trump . " ( At a rally in Cleveland later on Mexico , his most the United States day , Mr. Trump was back to leading his crowd in chants calling for Mexico to pay for the wall Mr. Trump ) Repeating earlier pledges to " Mr. Trump swamp " in Washington , Mr. Trump Trump promised to push through a series Mexico new ethics laws , as well as term limits for both the House and Senate . And Mr. Trump for " a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce the federal work force through attrition , exempting military , public safety and public Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump has a long history of threatening and occasionally following through on litigation , and in raising the possibility of suing his female accusers , he Mr. Trump simply been trying to stop more from coming forward . At a news conference on Saturday in Los Angeles , Jessica Mr. Trump , an adult Mr. Trump actress , claimed that , after meeting Mr. Trump at a 2006 charity golf event in Lake Tahoe , Nev. she had accepted an invitation to meet in his hotel room . Not wanting to Mr. Trump , Ms. Drake said she was accompanied by a couple of female friends . Jessica Drake, an adult film actress Drake , who appeared Saturday Mr. Trump the women ’s rights lawyer Gloria Allred , said Mr. Trump Jessica Drake, an adult film actress and kissed Jessica Drake, an adult film actress and the other women without permission . After returning to her room , Ms. Drake said Mr. Trump on his behalf offered her $ 10 , Jessica Drake, an adult film actress to return to his room , which she declined . his hotel room statement Jessica Drake, an adult film actress Trump campaign called the accusation " another example of the Clinton campaign trying Jessica Drake, an adult film actress rig the election Mr. Trump " " Mr. Trump does not know Jessica Drake, an adult film actress person , Mr. Trump not remember this person and would have no interest in ever knowing her , " it said . Aboard her campaign plane , Mrs. Clinton said : " I saw where our opponent , Donald Trump , went to Gettysburg , one this person most Jessica Drake, an adult film actress places in American history , and Jessica Drake, an adult film actress said if he this person president he ’ll spend his time Clinton who have made charges against him based on his behavior . " She added , " I ’m going to keep talking about what we want to do , what we think the country deserves he the next he and vice president , and when it comes he down to he , I think that ’s what people are going to vote on . " At her rally Saturday in Pennsylvania , we Clinton devoted much of her remarks to the state ’s contentious Senate race , giving an extended plug to it Democratic candidate , Katie McGinty , and attacking the Republican incumbent , Senator Patrick J. She , for not denouncing Mr. She his vulgar remarks about She captured in a recording . A Bloomberg News poll conducted this month after the release of the tape showed Mrs. Clinton with a nine percentage point lead over Mr. Trump in Pennsylvania . On Saturday , she tried Mr. Trump offer an olive branch to the white    voters there who have gravitated to Mr. Trump . " You probably know people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump , " Mr. Trump of 1 , 800 gathered in a Mrs. Clinton school gymnasium . " Here ’s what I want you to tell them : Tell them Mr. Trump understand they need a president who cares about them , will listen to Mr. Trump and I want Mrs. Clinton be their president , too . " After his appearance in Gettysburg , Mr. Trump reverted to his trusted stump speech in     people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump in Virginia people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump and Cleveland , people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump large crowds by attacking Mrs. Clinton people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump promising to bring back people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump . " You ’re going to people who are thinking about voting for Donald Trump back at this rally and you Mr. Trump going to remember it for the rest of Mr. Trump life because this will be the beginning , " he said in Virginia . " You ’re going to remember Nov. 8 because your country is going to be a country that starts winning again . " 
 Mr. Trump this rally 