New York ( CNN ) The controversy around Hillary Clinton saying " half " of Donald Trump ’s supporters fall into " the basket of deplorables " is what Hillary Clinton ’s top aides have long been worried about : a situation in which Hillary Clinton trademark caution elevates an inartful comment . The former first lady positions herself as    in contrast to the unpredictable Donald Trump’s , whom Hillary Clinton ’s called " temperamentally unfit " for the Oval Office . So when Hillary Clinton makes a mistake     particularly a highly public one , as Hillary Clinton did Friday night     it ’s magnified . Friday ’s comments came at the end of Clinton ’s most media accessible week of the campaign , one in which Clinton answered questions from reporters four separate times . When Clinton took the stage to introduce Barbra Streisand at the New York event , it was only the sixth time Clinton pool of traveling reporters had been allowed into one of Clinton over 330 finance events . It may very well be Clinton last . Clinton ’s remark was similar to one Clinton ’s made recently on a topic Clinton is eager to discuss , only this time , Clinton added the word " half "     labeling millions of Americans as bigots . Almost immediately after the remarks were widely reported , # BasketofDeplorables began trending on Twitter , with Trump and Trump supporters stoking the flames online . On Saturday morning , the clip was played countless times on television and online . By early afternoon , Clinton walked back Clinton comments . " Last night I was ’grossly generalistic,’ and that ’s never a good idea , " Clinton said in Clinton statement . " I regret saying ’half’     that was wrong . " Hitting Trump on racism , Clinton campaign is happy to have a debate about its Clinton’s campaign that Trump ’s movement is animated by racism , Democrats close to the Clinton’s campaign Saturday .   But the fact that she Clinton half of Trump ’s Trump’s what worried Clinton Clinton aides , who said Saturday they could n’t Saturday a conversation around racism before Clinton backed Clinton from that part of the comment . The decision to release a statement came after video of the comment was played the comment cable and broadcast news Saturday morning . The Clinton campaign Clinton initial response to the comment was to hunker the comment hope it blew over , while her The Clinton campaign’s initial response to the comment Clinton took to Twitter , noting some of Trump ’s most vitriolic statements . But the comments , aided by Trump ’s campaign , continued to Trump   " Wow , Hillary Clinton Clinton INSULTING to my supporters , millions of amazing , hard working people . I think it will cost her at the Clinton ! " Trump tweeted Saturday morning . It quickly became Trump Clinton had to Clinton Trump . But when walking back the remarks , Clinton also vowed Clinton continue " calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign " while emphasizing that she still wanted Clinton be seen as a candidate of unity . " I ’m determined to bring our country together and make our economy work for everyone , not just our at the top . Because we really are ’stronger together,’ " Clinton wrote our And while Clinton did say she regretted the comment , Clinton did not Clinton to people she may Clinton offended . Going forward , Clinton aides plan to force Trump to talk Clinton racist elements behind his campaign     like she did last month Clinton a speech claiming Clinton groups are having an outsized influence     while framing Clinton ’s admission of a mistake as something Clinton Trump would never do . ’Can you imagine’ Trump and her aides have long said Clinton been double Clinton in the way Trump can make outrageous statements that , they adamantly Trump , would imperil her campaign . you imagine’ Clinton and her aides A lot of this behavior Clinton from him seems to be expected somehow , " Clinton Clinton . " And that is fine if Clinton are a reality TV star or you are a real estate developer . I do n’t think it is fine if you want to be president of the United States . " On Thursday , she called it " frustrating . " " But Clinton is just part of the landscape that we live in and we just keep forging ahead , " Clinton said we Her aides have been even more Clinton , watching Clinton disbelief since the start of Trump ’s campaign as he has surged in the polls despite making one Trump’s comment after another . " Can you imagine if she did anything like that ? " one aide Clinton after Trump mocked a reporter ’s physical disability by mimicking Trump’s at an event .   " Can you Trump’s " has become a common refrain among Clinton aides , especially after Trump said Republican Sen. John McCain     who was Trump’s and tortured in Vietnam for more than five years     was not a war hero because he was captured and when he boasted that he     " stand in the     of 5th     and shoot somebody " and not lose voters . Democrats furious , So Democrats close to Clinton were furious Saturday that her comments were seen as controversial . " I Clinton it ’s ridiculous that there ’s a debate about whether Donald Trump has a sizable bloc of supporters who are racists , " said one Democratic operative close to the Clinton campaign who requested anonymity in order to speak candidly . " Hillary ’s detractors in the GOP and the press Clinton her for not telling the truth , and then Clinton she does , they rip her for doing that Clinton It ’s the press . Clinton Bakari Sellers , a Clinton surrogate and CNN contributor , was defiant when asked about the remark , suggesting that it did n’t matter if Clinton referred to half or merely some of Trump Clinton supporters as " deplorables . " " This election is about beating back bigotry and hate , " Sellers said in an interview . " Whether it ’s 10 % or 50 % Donald Trump and his supporters have elevated it . Trump ’re not Trump bigot , her it should n’t offend you . " Tim Kaine a bigot Clinton ’s running mate , even argued to The Washington Post that she did n’t need to apologize . Just over an Clinton after the Post ’s story published , Clinton issued her statement The Washington Post . 
 Clinton Clinton 