WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Consultant Liz Mair ’s controversial    Trump super PAC shares a mailing address with Carly Fiorina ’s presidential campaign , which just    as a nonprofit . [ Carly Fiorina’s is a Ted Cruz supporter .   Consultant Liz Mair ’s PAC Make America Awesome is under fire after America Awesome ran a sexist in Utah featuring Trump ’s wife Melania , a model , posing nude . The ad encouraged people to vote for Ted Cruz . Consultant Liz Mair is open about the fact that Consultant Liz Mair is helping to boost Cruz Ted Cruz though Cruz Ted Cruz denied involvement with the The ad But how does Make America Awesome make money ? According to the PAC ’s most recent report , filed on February 29 , 2016 , the group the PAC seven donors as having given $ 200 or more , including consultant Juleana Glover , a former George W. Bush and Bill Kristol employee who now works for Teneo Holdings , an advisory firm linked to Bill Clinton . The PAC takes the PAC envelopes at a PO box in Alexandra , Virginia . " If you would like to donate by mail , send checks to : Make America Awesome PO Box 26141 Alexandria , VA 22313 , " the PAC ’s website states . The PAC ’s Facebook page also lists its address as " Facebook Box 26141 " in " Alexandria , Virginia . " That PO box also "PO Box 26141" in "Alexandria, Virginia the mailing address for Carly for America , which was Fiorina ’s presidential campaign and just    as a nonprofit organization . Carly for America was still listed at PO America 26141 in Alexandria at PO Box 26141 in Alexandria monthly FEC filing on Carly for America 20 , 2016 , according to the Federal Election Commission . Carly for America Committee listed PO Box 26141 in Alexandria on its FEC public disclosure form on February 26 Alexandria 2015 Carly for America Committee Fiorina sent out an email on March 23 announcing that Carly for America is back , Carly for America to elect " consevative candidates . " Fiorina has endorsed Ted Cruz . Fiorina said in her    email Fiorina First , we will Carly for America Fiorina conservative candidates an email on March 23 announcing that Carly for America is back political class , who are n’t afraid of a fight and are n’t afraid to shake up the status quo —   and we will introduce them to the American people . Second , we will give we the critical principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo they need to win : by campaigning we them , principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo them , and principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo for them . Anything we can do principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo make sure principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo have all the resources principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo need to we their voices , bypass the principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo and the establishment , principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo win over voters principled conservative candidates from outside the political class, who aren’t afraid of a fight and aren’t afraid to shake up the status quo Mair did not return requests for comment for this report . 
 