’   ’ "    It ’s been a long day for Sean Spicer . " ’    At a press briefing Tuesday afternoon , the White House press    secretary was admonishing Syria for Syria recent gas attack when the White House press   secretary    claimed that even Hitler " didn’’t sink to using chemical weapons . "    The historically challenged comments   in the room , and instantly generated an     from Jewish groups and Democrats . ’ ’    Spicer   for his remarks on CNN Tuesday evening , but as his    spoke , his committed two more unfortunate verbal blunders . ’ ’    First , as Spicer tried to get on message , his mentioned President    Donald Trump’ ’s action in Syria , namely " the attempts he’ ’s    making to destabilize the region and root out ISIS out    of Syria . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSpicer with another slip : Don’’t want to distract from " the president’ ’s decisive action in Syria and attempts . ... to destabilize the region "   ’ ’    CNN confirmed after the interview that Spicer indeed meant to say    stabilize , not destabilize , which naturally       opposite meanings . ’ "    It ’s not the first time he ’s confused the two words : " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThis was not the first instance where Sean Spicer that   goal is to destabilize   and region . First one below .   ’ ’    Minutes later in the the interview Spicer fumbled over Spicer name of    Syrian President Bashar    in a linguistic misstep so    flagrant that CNN host Wolf Blitzer had to jump in and set him    straight Wolf Blitzer ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’t . continues to be unable to pronounce Assad ’s name so Wolf kindly helps Wolf Blitzer out   Wolf Blitzer ’    " Bashar   . I know you’’ve mispronounced his name a Bashar      times , but it’ ’s Bashar " Blitzer Bashar   . ’ ’    Spicer has previously pronounced the Syrian leader’ ’s name    " Ashad , " " Bashad   " and as The Washington Post’ ’s Erik    Wemple industriously   " Bissaa   . " ’ ’    The exchanges were roundly mocked on Twitter : ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tAnd then Wolf stuck the knife in , hitting Spicer on his Spicer of Wolf   . ( Spicer says " Spicer " . .. ) ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’tEven in his apology on Wolf , Spicer said Trump Spicer attempting to " destabilize the region " when your job is words , this is a disaster . ’t’t’ " It ’s been a long day for Sean Spicer . Spicer .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 