Washington ( CNN ) Robby Mook , Hillary Clinton ’s former campaign manager , said that the US needs to investigate Russia " intervening in the election . " Robby Mook, Hillary Clinton’s former campaign manager told CNN ’s Jake Tapper during a discussion Thursday at Harvard Kennedy School ’s Institute of Politics that Russia is behind a lot of fake news on Facebook . " I think ( fake news ) was a huge problem , " Mook said . " I think there ’s a lot of things that we need to examine coming out of this . You just named one of them . Congress has got to investigate what happened with Russia here . Congress can not have foreign , and foreign aggressors I would argue , intervening in Congress elections . " The full interview with Mook and Kellyanne Conway , campaign manager for Donald Trump ’s successful presidential campaign , will air Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union . "   Mook also blamed Breitbart News , which    Donald Trump ’s senior adviser Steve Bannon used to run , for " peddling stories " that are fake . Conway : ’The biggest piece of fake news’ was idea Donald Trump ca n’t win , senior adviser Steve Bannon once referred to Breitbart News as " the platform for the " which critics say is rife with white nationalist ,    and racist ideologies . " And I ’m not attacking ( senior adviser Steve Bannon senior adviser Steve Bannon but they peddled a lot of stories on that website that are just false , they ’re just they true and that reinforced sexist , racist ,    notions in people , " Mook said . " You know , headlines that are shocking and insulting and should n’t be part of our public discourse . " Conway countered the " biggest piece of fake news in this election was that Donald Trump could n’t win . " " And that was peddled probably for weeks and months before the campaign definitely in the closing days , " she said . Conway If you look at major newspapers and major cable station networks , Jake , it ’s unmistakable . " She continued , Conway America said that there ’s a difference between what may offend me and what absolutely affects me .   And I , as a voter , am going to go that way and I ’m going to vote according to what absolutely affects me . " 
 