Washington ( CNN ) The 538 members of the Electoral College are set on Monday to make    Donald Trump ’s victory official .   In all 50 state capitals and the District of Columbia , electors     chosen by the state parties of the candidate who carried their state , Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton     will meet to cast their ballots . The gatherings will remove the last bit of drama from 2016 ’s unprecedented election season     and    efforts to persuade Republican electors to vote against Donald Trump , in some cases in violation of state laws requiring electors to support the victor .   Donald Trump ’s place in history , Heightening the tension in recent weeks : Clinton actually won the popular vote by about 3 million     making Donald Trump the    winner in the popular vote since 1876 .   Donald Trump victory is not , as he Donald Trump described it Trump’s victory a landslide . He Donald Trump expected to garner just 56 . 9 % of the electoral vote , assuming all electors vote according to their all electors results . That will give Trump Donald Trump    share of the electoral vote out of 54 presidential elections since the modern system started in 1804 . It ’s a better performance , though , than President George W. Bush ’s    victory in 2000 and slightly larger win in 2004 .   Bush President George W. Bush too , lost the popular vote     but Trump Donald Trump by a larger margin . He Donald Trump become the    president in the popular vote relative to his Donald Trump rival aside from Rutherford B. Hayes in 1876 and John Quincy Adams in 1824 , an election that featured four candidates and was decided by the House of Representatives . Clinton won 48 . 2 % of the vote to Trump Donald Trump 2 %     a lead of more than 2 . 8 million votes and more than 2 % as of Friday , with that lead expected a lead of more than 2 as the final ballots are tallied .   Monday ’s votes : What to know , There ’s no national meeting of the Electoral College . Instead , electors gather in each state     usually in the Capitol .   Under federal law , though , electors must gather on December 19 . And each elector must sign six copies certifying their votes for president each elector vice president .   Two ballots go to the National Archives . One goes to the president of the Senate . Two go to their state ’s chief elections officer . And one goes to a local judge .   After Monday ’s votes , there is still one last step : On January 6 , Congress has to officially count the electoral votes . Vice President Joe Biden will preside over the count .   Lawmakers can technically object     in writing , with objections signed by at least one House and one Senate member     to individual electoral votes or entire states’ results . If the House and Senate support that objection Senate the vote or votes in question are thrown out . But that has never happened .   After the votes are counted , the results are final , and Trump is officially set for his inauguration at noon Trump January 20 . 
 