President Obama , who has weighed ruling out a first use of a nuclear weapon in a conflict , appears likely to abandon the proposal after top national security advisers argued that the proposal could undermine allies and embolden Russia and China , according to several senior administration officials . Mr. Obama considers a reduction in the role of nuclear weapons as critical to Mr. Obama legacy . But Mr. Obama has been chagrined to hear critics , including some former senior aides , argue that the administration ’s    nuclear modernization plans , costing up to $ 1 trillion in coming decades , undermine commitments Mr. Obama made in 2009 . For months , arms control advocates have argued for a series of steps to advance the pledge Mr. Obama made to pursue " a world without nuclear weapons . " An unequivocal     pledge would have been the boldest of those measures . those measures contend that as a practical matter no American president would use a nuclear weapon when so many other options are available . Former Defense Secretary William J. Perry said in a recent interview , " It ’s the right time , " noting that An unequivocal    pledge would formalize what has been America ’s unspoken policy for decades . But in the end , Mr. Obama seems to have sided with his Mr. Obama advisers , who warned in meetings culminating this summer that a     declaration would rattle allies like Japan and South Korea . Those Japan and South Korea concerned about discussion of an American pullback from Asia prompted by comments made by the Republican presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump . Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and Secretary of State John Kerry also expressed concern that new moves by Russia and China , from the Baltic to the South China Sea , made it the wrong time to issue the declaration , according to senior aides in the Defense and State Departments . Secretary of Energy Ernest J. Moniz , whose department oversees the nuclear arsenal , joined in the objections , administration officials confirmed . The New York Times interviewed more than a    administration officials involved in or briefed on the nuclear debate . All insisted on anonymity to describe internal administration deliberations on nuclear strategy . The United States dropped nuclear bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan at the end of World War II in 1945   —    the only example in history of a first use , or any use , of nuclear weapons in warfare . Almost every president since Harry S. Truman has made it clear that nuclear weapons would be used only as a last resort , so the pledge would have largely ratified unwritten policy . Administration officials confirmed that the question of changing the policy on first use had come up repeatedly this summer as a way for Mr. Obama to show that his commitment Mr. Obama reducing the role of nuclear weapons in American strategy   —    and thus the risk of nuclear exchanges   —    was more than rhetorical . But the arguments in front of the president himself were relatively brief , officials said , apparently because so many senior aides objected . Mr. Carter argued that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Kim    the North Korean leader , could interpret a promise of no first use as a sign of American weakness , even though that was not the intent . The defense secretary ’s position was supported by Mr. Kerry and Mr. Moniz , two architects of the Iran nuclear deal , who cautioned that such a declaration could unnerve American allies American fearful that America ’s nuclear umbrella can not be relied upon . Mr. Trump talked explicitly in interviews about withdrawing military forces from Asia unless Tokyo and Seoul paid more for their presence , and said in March that he was Mr. Trump to see them build their own their arsenals rather than depend on Washington . According to one senior administration official , Mr. Kerry told Mr. Obama that a     pledge would also weaken the nuclear deterrent while Russia is running practice bombing runs over Europe and China is expanding its reach Russia the South China Sea . Mr. Obama and his national Mr. Kerry team have rejected a second option : " " nuclear missiles ready to fire on short notice . The fear is that in a crisis , " " the weapons could escalate a conflict . Earlier , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama and his national security team against eliminating one element of the " triad " of      and    weapons . The idea was to remove the missiles based in silos across the American West , which are considered outdated and vulnerable to a first strike . But the Pentagon argued strongly that the    missiles were the part of the system with which they had the most assured communications the Pentagon and that it was too risky to get rid of them . In the past year the Pentagon arms control advocates , including some of Mr. Obama ’s former aides , have argued that Mr. Obama still has time to Mr. Obama’s reputation as an atomic visionary . Mr. Obama’s Let Obama be Obama , " Andrew C. Mr. Obama’s , Mr. Obama’s assistant secretary Mr. Weber Weber strongly opposes the White House ’s recent approval of a nuclear cruise missile . " The defense complex is doing a    press , so things are going to be very hard to change , " he said . Mr. Obama ’s favorite nuclear strategist in Mr. Obama’s term , the retired vice chairman Mr. Obama’s the Joint Chiefs of Mr. Weber , Gen. James E. Cartwright , wrote in a New York Times    article last month with Bruce G. Blair of Princeton University , a former Minuteman launch officer , that " nuclear weapons today no longer serve any purpose beyond deterring the first use of such weapons by our adversaries . " " Our nonnuclear strength , including economic and diplomatic power , our alliances , our conventional and cyber weaponry and our technological advantages , constitute a global military juggernaut unmatched in history , " they concluded . Mr. Obama made the eventual elimination of nuclear arms a centerpiece of his 2008 presidential campaign . In contrast , Our nonnuclear strength, including economic and diplomatic power, our alliances, our conventional and cyber weaponry and our technological advantages Clinton , the Democratic nominee , has said little this year about her nuclear Mr. Obama , and Mr. Trump has argued for a major military buildup . Once Mr. Obama took office , his ambitions Mr. Obama frustrated . While he achieved a major arms control treaty , New Start , in Mr. Obama —    driven through Mr. Obama Senate by Mr. Kerry   Mr. Obama    it came at a price : He won Republican votes by agreeing to a sweeping plan to modernize the American nuclear arsenal and build a new generation of weapon carriers Mr. Obama including bombers , missiles and submarines . In 2013 , some of Mr. Obama ’s former national security officials criticized the plan , saying his original vision was in danger of being turned on its head . The doubters included Philip E. Coyle III a sweeping plan to modernize the American nuclear arsenal and build a new generation of weapon carriers, including bombers, missiles and submarines Fetter , who Mr. Obama recently left White House posts . One study estimated his original vision modernization cost at $ 1 trillion over three decades . The Federation of American Scientists , a private group in Washington , released an analysis showing that Mr. Obama had dismantled fewer nuclear warheads than any other    War president . Inside the White House , Mr. Obama asked for new ideas to advance his agenda before leaving office . In May , he went to Hiroshima   —    the Mr. Obama president to do so   —    Mr. Obama reaffirmed his vision of a nonnuclear world . Mr. Obama We must have the courage to escape the logic of fear , " he said at the Hiroshima Mr. Obama Memorial . " We may not realize this goal in my lifetime . But persistent effort can roll back the Mr. Obama of catastrophe . " Ten days later , We J. Rhodes , a deputy national security adviser , outlined possible efforts in a speech to the Arms Control Association , a private group in Washington . His list included putting more nuclear material under tight security , reaffirming a global ban on nuclear testing and revisiting the administration ’s plans to modernize Benjamin J. Rhodes, a deputy national security adviser nuclear arsenal . It was an agenda sure to please his audience , but one that would largely fall to the next administration to execute . The president , Mr. Rhodes said , " will continue Benjamin J. Rhodes, a deputy national security adviser review these plans Mr. Rhodes " That review included the     pledge . Behind the scenes , Mr. the administration’s plans to modernize the nuclear arsenal a ban on first use would be unwise . If North Korea Mr. Rhodes weapons against the South , he and other Mr. Rhodes Mr. Carter said , the United States The United States the Pentagon of threatening a nuclear response . Mr. Kerry argued that Japan would Mr. Kerry by Japan diminution of the American nuclear umbrella , and perhaps be tempted to obtain their own weapons . The same argument , he said , applied to South Korea Mr. Kerry South Korea and Mr. Carter have not taken public positions Mr. Carter part because they do not want to appear to influence Mr. Obama as he makes a decision . the American nuclear umbrella Mr. Mr. Obama the     declaration , officials conceded , the next Mr. Obama rejected it . In an interview this year , Mr. Trump bristled Mr. Obama idea , Mr. Obama he Mr. Kerry and Mr. Carter never Mr. Trump weaken America America . Mrs. Clinton has Mr. Trump spoken on the issue America her campaign . But a     policy would have been hard for either to undo . Military the    declaration say the next president would hesitate Mr. Obama a decision since the quick reversal would confuse allies and possibly his 2008 presidential campaign coalitions . 
 Mrs. Clinton 