Washington ( CNN ) Kellyanne Conway , a top adviser to President Donald Trump , was " counseled " after promoting Ivanka Trump ’s clothing and accessory brand during an interview from the White House Thursday morning , as members of both parties are now calling for a review of whether the comments broke government rules .   Conway , in a Fox News interview from the White House , urged people to " go buy Ivanka ’s stuff . " Kellyanne Conway Conway from the White the White House buy Ivanka ’s stuff’ " Go buy Ivanka ’s stuff , is Ivanka I would tell you , " Conway said . " It Conway a wonderful line . I own some of it . I fully     It ’m going to just , I ’m going to give a free commercial here : Go buy it today , everybody . It can find it online . " The It could run afoul with federal law that bars public employees from making an " endorsement of any product , service or enterprise , or for the private gain of friends , relatives , or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity . " The top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee , Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland joined with Republican Chairman Jason Chaffetz to refer Conway to the government ethics watchdog office for potentially breaking rules barring government employees from endorsing private businesses . " We request you review Conway The top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland joined with Republican Chairman Jason Chaffetz to refer Conway to the government ethics watchdog office for potentially breaking rules barring government employees from endorsing private businesses statements and act Conway the basis of your findings , " the two jointly wrote in a letter to the US Office of Government Ethics . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during his daily briefing : " Kellyanne White House press secretary Sean Spicer been counseled . . .. She ’s been counseled on that White House press secretary Sean Spicer . " The White House counsel ’s office the US Office of Government Ethics after her Conway on " Fox   Friends , " an official White House press secretary Sean Spicer CNN . The counsel ’s office informed her that what she said on The White House counsel guidelines . White House press secretary Sean Spicer official said White House press secretary Sean Spicer did not push back , Conway her misstep . In an appearance an official News Thursday evening , Conway said White House press secretary Sean Spicer spoke with the Conway and Conway he supports her despite the potential Conway violation Conway She also said she was " Conway " of Conway letter from the oversight committee . " I spent a lot of time with the President of the United States this afternoon , and he supports me 100 % , " Conway said . The incident could Conway a broader discussion the President of the United States the West Wing about conflicts of interest , the official said . White House Conway McGhan is in the process of making sure everyone is clear about rules and the law . Cummings pointed to the comments , writing to Chaffetz ,    " this appears to be a textbook violation of government ethics laws and regulations enacted to prevent the abuse of an employee ’s government position . "     The Maryland Democrat cited federal statutes , an executive order signed by President George W. Bush and regulations put out by the Office Government Ethics that prohibit using public office for personal gain .   Cummings argued that since the oversight panel has jurisdiction over laws addressing White House employees it should make the referral . A spokeswoman for Cummings told CNN that the Maryland Democrat spoke by the oversight panel has jurisdiction over laws addressing White House employees with Chaffetz and that they are drafting a Cummings letter to the Office of Government Ethics asking what penalty it would recommend for Conway . In an interview Thursday afternoon with CNN ’s Jake Tapper , Sen. what penalty Booker said , Conway " clearly broke the law . " CNN tied the incident into a broader criticism of Trump Conway businesses , which he said remained a Conway cause for concern and caused the President to violate the Emoluments clause of Conway Constitution .   Different government agencies have different penalties for rules violations for employees using public office for private gain , with some imposing a    suspension to removal , and others recommending a two week suspension to removal for the offense . It ’s the latest in a string of ethics concerns raised about the Trump administration ’s relationship with the family ’s private businesses since he assumed office . Spicer did not outline what he meant by Conway being " counseled . " Conway When pressed for details , Spicer simply said Conway " That ’s it . " 
 Spicer 