  ( CNN ) It was not the Inauguration Day that Hillary Clinton imagined .   When the skies finally opened up on Friday and rain began to fall over the US Capitol , Hillary Clinton ’s turn to stand before the thousands gathered on the Mall and take the oath of office as the 45th president never came .   Instead , Hillary Clinton remained seated with Hillary Clinton husband , Bill Clinton , by Hillary Clinton side . And Hillary Clinton watched a man whom Hillary Clinton believes is fundamentally unfit to hold the highest office of the land get sworn in as Hillary Clinton next president .   Donald Trump ’s inauguration on Friday and the ceremonial passing of the baton by Barack Obama crystalized before a watchful nation the deeply personal loss that Clinton had suffered in November .   For the former Democratic presidential nominee , the decision to attend Friday ’s ceremony was not an easy one .   Clinton anticipated that it would be painful for Clinton to watch Trump become the next president , according to a former aide , but felt Clinton had no choice but to attend given Clinton role both as former first lady and Trump ’s challenger . It weighed on Clinton , a former aide added , that Clinton presence symbolized the peaceful transition of power , regardless of Clinton own emotions about the day .   The Clintons arrived on Capitol Hill shortly before the   . At the same time , the presidential motorcade was making its the presidential motorcade down Pennsylvania Ave . towards the Capitol . In one car sat two men who had each taken away Clinton ’s dreams of becoming president     Obama and Trump .   Clinton Clinton a white coat     something she Clinton often on the campaign trail to represent the color women wore during the suffrage movement . She Clinton Bill Clinton introduced to the inaugural stage by the announcer as " the 42nd president of the United States , William Jefferson Clinton , and the honorable Hillary Rodham Clinton . "   For Clinton ’s Clinton both were painful reminders of how close Clinton     the Clinton woman to clinch a major political party ’s nomination for president     had come to becoming to the president of the United States the United States the exception of when she exchanged pleasantries Clinton other dignitaries on the stage , Clinton , for Clinton most part , appeared stoic . Trump , with his former Trump reminiscent of his campaign speeches , vowing that his " forgotten men and women of our his will be forgotten no longer . "   " This American carnage stops right here and stops right now , " Trump said . Trump did not mention Clinton in the Clinton .   But during the luncheon Trump Trump and Vice President Mike an inaugural address reminiscent of his campaign speeches the Capitol ’s Statuary Hall , Trump Trump to deliver gracious remarks about Clinton . It Clinton a striking contrast Trump even a few months ago , when Trump had threatened to jail her if he became president and repeatedly dredged up Trump of the most painful Trump of Trump Clintons’ turbulent marriage , including Bill Clinton ’s infidelities .   " I was very honored , very , very honored , when I heard that President Bill Clinton and Secretary Hilary Clinton Clinton today , " Trump said , before asking both to stand , when they received a long round of Trump .   " Honestly , " Trump added , " both ’s nothing more I can say because I have a lot Trump respect for those two people . "   For Clinton and her aides , Clinton the Clinton election to Trump had been a difficult scenario to imagine for the better part of the general election Trump In the heat of a contentious and bitter campaign , the former secretary of state let her tone grow increasingly dark , as she repeatedly warned the American people that the values Trump the former secretary of state were   .   " Imagine the former secretary of state on January 20 , 2017 , it Trump Donald Trump standing in front of our Capitol and taking the oath of office , " Trump her supporters in Las Vegas , Nevada , just three days out from the election . " Imagine Clinton me what it would be like to have Donald Trump sitting in the Oval Office come next Trump . "   More than two months Trump election , a political scandal that had haunted Clinton ’s presidential run still lingered .   GOP Rep. the election , the chairman of the House Oversight Clinton investigated Clinton ’s use of a private email service during her time at the State Department , posted a photo of Clinton hands with Clinton on the inaugural platform . Clinton caption read : " So pleased she is not the Clinton . I thanked Clinton for her service and wished Clinton luck . The investigation continues . Clinton Republican Sen. Clinton , who was seated Clinton the Clinton table as Clinton Clinton the lunch , told CNN that she appeared to be in good spirits but lamented the vitriolic nature of politics Clinton " She did talk about how she Clinton our politics was more    and everybody can have their views but it does n’t Clinton to be poisonous , Clinton Cornyn said .  
 