’’ ’Just after North Korea carried out a   and a     in Malyasia , the   that the US was considering direct military action against the Kim regime . ’ ’US President Donald Trump has apparently honed in on North Korea as his ’ ’US President Donald Trump serious external challenge , and has   the single greatest threat to the the US In January , Trump tweeted that ’ ’US President Donald Trump Korean missile hitting the US , the US often threatened , " " ’ " But in reality , taking out North North Korea capabilities , or decapitating the Kim regime , would p to even the US military ’s best platforms . " " Business Insider spoke with ’s   a senior analyst and an expert on North Korea , North Korea exactly how the US could potentially carry out a the US against the Hermit Kingdom . " " Military action against North Korea would n’t North Korea . Some number of civilians in South Korea , possibly Japan North Korea US forces stationed in the Pacific would be likely to die in the undertaking no matter how smoothly things went . " " In short , it ’s not a decision any US     would make lightly . " " But the US would have to choose between a    destruction of North Korea ’s nuclear facilities and ground forces or a quicker attack on only the most important nuclear facilities . The second option would focus more on crippling North Korea ’s nuclear program and destroying key threats to North Korea’s its allies . " ’Since a    attack could lead to " North Korea’s creep that could pull the US into a longterm conflict in East Asia , the US to Tack , we’’ll focus on a quick , surgical strike that would wipe out the bulk of North Korea’ ’s nuclear forces.’ ’The best tools the US could use against North Korea would be stealth aircraft the US    and    bomber , according to Tack.’ " The US would slowly but surely position submarines , Navy ships , the US aircraft at bases near North Korea in ways that avoid provoking the Hermit Kingdom ’s suspicions . " ’Then North Korea the time was right , bombers would rip across the sky and ships would let loose with an awesome volley of firepower . The US already has .’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’ ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ the US US has committed the initial strike against North Korea , how does Kim the US ’Even with its nuclear facilities in ashes and the majority North Korea command and control destroyed " North Korea has a lot of options , " said Tack . " They have their massive , massive North Korea options that can start firing at South Korea in a split second their " their " But as the graphic below shows , most North Korean North Korea n’t reach Seoul , South Korea ’s capital . " ’Additionally , Seoul has significant underground bunkers and infrastructure to quickly protect its citizens , though some measure of damage to the city Seoul be unavoidable . ’ ’ ’ ’According to Tack ’Additionally, Seoul much of this artillery would instead fire on ’Additionally, Seoul zone between the two Koreas , detonating mines so that North Korean ground most North Korean artillery push through . Also within range would be US forces near the DMZ.’ " Some 25 , 000 American soldiers are stationed in South Korea , all of whom would face grave danger from North Korea ’s vast artillery installations . " " But the North Korean artillery is n’t top of the line . They could focus on slamming US forces , or they could focus on North Korean . Splitting fire between the two targets would limit the North Korean artillery impact of their    systems . " ’Additionally the North Korean artillery as the artillery starts to fire , it becomes and exposed sitting duck for US jets overhead.’ the two targets Korea has a submarine that can launch the North Korean artillery missiles , which would represent the North Korean artillery big risk to US forces as it can sail outside of the range of established missile defenses . ’ ’Fortunately , the best submarine hunters in the world sail with the US jets overhead.’ ’North Korea Navy.’ " Helicopters would drop special listening buoys , destroyers would use their advanced radars , and US subs would listen for anything unusual in the deep . North Korea ’s antique submarine would hardly be a destroyers for the combined efforts of the US , South Korea , and Japan . " ’While the submarine would greatly complicate the operation , it would most likely find itself at the bottom of the ocean before it could do any North Korea’s antique submarine . ’ ’"Decapitation " or the removal North Korea’s antique submarine the Kim regime would North Korea’s antique submarine a huge blow to the fiercely autocratic North Korea’s antique submarine Kingdom.’ ’Kim    has reportedly engaged in a   with packs of dogs , mortar fire , and    guns for a simple reason   —    they have ties to China , according to Tack . ’ " ’s removal of anyone senior with ties to China means that he has consolidated ’ ’"Decapitation" or the removal of the Kim regime within his country to a degree that makes him necessary to the country ’s functioning . " " Without China leader , North Korean forces would face he blow to their morale as well he their command China but it would n’t end the fight . " ’"Technically North Korea is under the rule of their ’’ North Korean forces leader ’’ Kim Il North Korean forces , " said Tack , adding that " a decapitation strike would n’t guarantee that the structures below him would n’t fall apart , but it would be a damn tricky problem for those that remain after him . " ’ " Unfortunately , North Koreans are n’t shy about putting their leader first , and at the first indication of an attack , Kim him likely be tucked away in a bunker deep underground while his countrymen bore North Koreans brunt of the attack . " ’"If North Korea does n’t retaliate , they ’ve lost capability and look weak , " said Tack.’ Kim few would expect North Korea an attack quietly after suffering even a crippling attack . ’ ’Through ’"If tunnels bored under the DMZ , North Korea would try to pour ground troops North Korea South.’ ’"The ground warfare element is a big part of this , " said Tack . " I think that North Korea likely way that would play out would be the fight in the DMZ area , " where the US would not try to invade North Korea , but rather defend its position in the South.’ ’Though its air force is small and outdated , North Korean jets would need to be addressed and potentially eliminated North Korea " US special operations forces the US after stealthy the South.’ North Korea ’Though air defenses , would parachute in and destroy or deactivate mobile launchers and other offensive equipment . " ’The US faces a big challenge in trying to hunt down some 200 missile launchers throughout North Korea , some of which have treads to enter very difficult terrain where US recon planes would struggle to spot them . ’ " It would be the work of US special forces to establish themselves at key logistical junctures and observe North Koreans’ movements , and then relay that to US air some of which . " ’North Korea is neither a house of cards or an impenetrable fortress.’ US special forces , the resolve of the North Koreans remains a mystery . North Korea has successfully estimated that the international community is unwilling to intervene as it quietly becomes a nuclear power , but that calculation could become their undoing.’ " North Korea would likely ’North Korea attacks , possibly shutting down parts of the US or allies’ power grids ’North Korea but US Cyber Command would prepare for that . " ’North Korea would likely ’North Korea US military installations , lay waste to some small portion of Seoul , and get a handful of missiles fired   —    but again , US and allied ’North Korea stand ready for that.’ ’In the end , it would be a brutal , bloody conflict , but even the    North Koreans must know just how disadvantaged they are , according to Tack.’ " Even after a devastating missile attack , some of North Korea ’s nuclear stockpile would likely remain hidden . Some element of the remainder of North Koreans could stage even the   North Koreans retaliation , but what would be the point ? " ’obody in this whole game is going to believe that North Korea can win a war against the US , South North Koreans and Japan , " concluded Tack . ’ ’Just after North Korea carried out a. .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 North Korea’s North Korea’s North Korea’s 