NEW YORK , NEW YORK   —    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton failed to show up at her Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton victory party at the Jacob K. Javits center , while campaign chairman John Podesta spoke after 2:00 a. m. and declined to concede the election . [ Despite trailing to Trump    and with the Associated Press already calling Pennsylvania for Donald Trump , Podesta campaign chairman John Podesta a defiant posture , urging Hillary Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to go home and " get some sleep , " insisting that every vote be counted .   During the third presidential debate , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was challenged as to whether he would accept Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump results of the election if he lost . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump He had already Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that question in the affirmative in the first debate . ) When he left the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump open that question in the affirmative in the first debate and media critics suggested that his position was Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump threat to American democracy . Clinton campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri said at the time : " " How dangerous and frightening is that ? It ’s certainly unprecedented . It ’s certainly disturbing It " Now , however , the tables have been turned . With virtually no path to victory , Clinton not only refused Clinton concede , but refused to appear . At the Trump victory party at the New York Midtown Hilton , supporters of the Republican nominee booed Podesta and chanted , " Lock her up ! " Clinton also chanted " supporters of the Republican nominee it ! " at the television screens showing Fox News coverage , as the network waited before declaring Trump the winner of several outstanding states , including Pennsylvania and Michigan . Some sang " God Bless America , " and others jeered , " Na na na na , na na na na , hey hey hey , goodbye ! " at the Fox News anchors . Fox News fans filed out of the Javits Center , there was no sign from the Hilton that Trump supporters would go home Trump hearing a declaration of victory , and a speech from their presumed   . Joel Trump supporters Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 