’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s approval rating is at a new low since he    assumed office in January , hitting 37 % . " ’    he disapproval rating , at 58 % is at a high point since he    became president . ’ ’    These latest approval ratings come on the heels of a tumultuous    week for the Trump administration and congressional Republican    leadership , who are working to drum up support for the Trump administration and congressional Republican   leadership, who are working to drum up support for their   Affordable Care Act replacement bill    Affordable Care Act replacement bill . ’ ’    their   Affordable Care Act replacement bill has prompted backlash from the American public , as well    as resistance from those within the Republican party who believe    it does not the Republican party who believe    far enough to repeal Obamacare . ’ ’    The proposal , as it currently stands , would   senior citizens , rural Americans , and      Americans . It would also it an additional 24    million people uninsured by 2026 ,   from the nonpartisan Congressional    Budget Office ’ "    A   of Trump ’s efforts to repeal    and replace Obamacare , according to a Quinnipiac University poll . " "    The White House has also been playing defense on Trump ’s    Trump’s claim that former president Barack Obama had Trump    Tower Trump’s the 2016 campaign . There has been no    evidence to support that theory , according to bipartisan    consensus in Congress and in the intelligence community . " ’    The Trump administration also Trump    from    immigrants rights groups and protesters when it rolled out a     aimed Trump    regulating immigration from    a number of    countries . ’ ’    Though it was narrower in scope than the original order , Trump    implied that it was written with the same Trump    ,   it a " watered down version Trump    of the original ban . The    executive order was   the original order . ’ "    The last time Trump ’s approval rating hit a Trump    was in     . At the time , the White House was embroiled in    The last time , including the resignation of national    security adviser Michael Flynn , the president ’s repeated attacks    on the judiciary after his original travel ban was struck down ,    and his perceived lack of response towards rising      across the nation    " "    This is the lowest approval rating of any president ’s first 60    days as tracked by Gallup : " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tTrump approval drops to 37 %    the worst Gallup poll any president has ever had this early in their term .   ’ ’ ’t’t’   Job approval upon hitting 60 days in office : Carter 75Reagan 60HW Bush 56Clinton 53W Bush 58Obama 63Trump . .. 37’t’t’ " President Donald Trump 60HW Bush rating is at . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 