  ( CNN ) We have a bully in We midst , some therapists and school counselors say , traumatizing the most vulnerable of We . a bully is the 2016 presidential campaign , including the    " Trump Effect . " Throughout his campaign , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called for a wall between the United States and Mexico , a ban against Muslims entering the country ( since revised ) and other " tough talk " that therapists say is creating mental distress among many Americans . Most recently , a videotape recorded by Access Hollywood showed Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump women in lewd terms , which he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump characterized as " locker room talk . " " I had two female clients in tears after the conventions in August , " Minneapolis marriage and family counselor Kirsten Lind Seal said . " It really , really troubled them Minneapolis marriage and family counselor Kirsten Lind Seal And now with this new round of tapes , the deep disparaging of women and the casual dismissing of it It locker room talk , it It worse . " And as sexual accusations against Trump continue to emerge in the media , therapists say the pain intensifies . " What I ’m seeing with my clients , particularly with women who experienced sexual abuse when younger , is that they my clients being    " said Atlanta licensed professional counselor Susan Blank . " They my clients n’t escape it    It    all around them my clients written large on the national stage . " Those feelings of emotional dismay are echoed in a survey of American adults , said University of Minnesota psychologist William J. Doherty , who commissioned the nationally representative survey of 1 , 000 people on behalf of Citizen Therapists Against Trumpism . It ’s a group of more than 3 , 000 therapists worried about the effect of " Trumpism "     which they define as an ideology , not a person     on the American psyche .   Trumpism Trumpism they they , is characterized by " strong man " tactics which are " degrading , ridiculing and demeaning " of any rivals and critics and involve " scapegoating and banishing groups of people who are seen as threats , including immigrants and religious minorities . " The survey was taken in September , before the Access Hollywood video surfaced . " We The survey surprisingly high levels of emotional distress related to the campaign , " Doherty said . " Sixty percent of American adults report emotional distress . We also found    more distress related to the the campaign the Clinton campaign the campaign is some distress related to Hillary Clinton . "   Clinton Effect’ on children , In a survey taken in April , schoolteachers and counselors across the country described what they are hearing from their students schoolteachers and counselors across the country especially those of schoolteachers and counselors across the country or members of other minority groups . They call it the " Trump schoolteachers and counselors across the country . "   " One of my students who is Muslim is worried that he will have to wear a my students who is Muslim identifying him as Muslim , " writes my students who is Muslim teacher anonymously surveyed by Teaching Tolerance , a    project of the Southern Poverty Law Center . " I have had Muslim students called terrorists , " another said .   Another told this story : " One of my students gestured at the other Muslim students in the room and said , ’If Donald Trump become president , you ’re OUTTA HERE!’ And me . Because I ’m Mexican . "   " I ’m very worried about the Trump Effect , " Teaching Tolerance director Maureen Costello said . " I ’m concerned children are coming to school ’m day terrified , anxious , disappointed , fearful . Feeling unwanted . " They are n’t recognizing this is just concerned children guy and that history shows periods of discrimination will pass . They only see there are a lot concerned children people who do n’t like them and do n’t want them here concerned children " Though the unscientific concerned children of 2 , 000 teachers was conducted months ago , Costello said she monitors teacher concerns via webinars , Costello and daily emails and finds the worrisome trend continuing , in both schools and local communities .   " Children are getting into heated debates , which are sending them to counselors and principals’ offices , Children Costello said . " They are repeating Costello they hear outside Children " We know Children a     who had an adult come up to them and say , ’after Trump wins Children you ’ll be gone,’ " she added . " It ’s a ’after Trump of trauma in a way , and it can have very    effects . It ’m very worried about that . " Adult women and minorities hit hardest , It ’s not just Trump . The survey by Citizen ’after Trump ’after Trump showed Clinton ’s campaign is also causing emotional stress , though less than her opponent . Only 16 % of those Clinton were distressed by Clinton ’s bid for the presidency , compared Clinton’s % who found Trump disturbing . However , Trump produced more ’after Trump than Clinton did among ’after Trump , blacks , Hispanics Clinton millennial adults , with most feeling anxious , depressed and helpless .   Doherty was surprised by the results among millennials . " My guess is that millennials are more accepting of differences , more open to gay rights , gay marriages , and more multicultural . And they may be particularly troubled by Trumpism and what millennials are more accepting of differences, more open to gay rights, gay marriages, and more multicultural stands for . " Counselors Blank and Seal Trumpism the survey results echo what they are seeing in the results among millennials clients . " What Counselors Blank and Seal ’m seeing in my practice is overwhelmingly directed toward the fear that Donald Trump is unleashing in our country , " Blank said .   She told the story of one client , a gay man in his 50s who was married five years ago in Vermont and again recently in Georgia when the laws changed . " Now , he describes his feelings as like the movie ’Jaws,’ " Blank Donald Trump . Donald Trump ’Just as I felt it was safe to go back into the water , Trump arises,’ he told me . He tells me he fears his    Trump arises,’ rights can be Trump arises,’ by this Trump arises,’ and Trump arises,’ hate he is preaching . "   Trump arises,’ can we do to Trump arises,’ our clients ? " Seal asked . " I tell them to we their media time , particularly social media . Go our clients a media our clients of some kind , talk to friends and then take action . Go    for your candidate . " Blank agrees . " First , give them a platform to discuss their fears and anxieties and reduce alienation our clients friends and families . our clients , tap into that anger and outrage and give them a direction , to empower them and give them something to that anger and outrage . " Costello says teachers that anger and outrage using similar that anger and outrage to help students cope .   " We encourage kids to be more critical consumers of media , including social media , and to make good decisions , " Costello said . " For the younger kids , teachers are not Costello at the candidates in the classroom , focusing instead on the process of voting , reasons for voting . " But in middle and high school , teachers ca n’t do that , said Costello . The students are too exposed . " So instead , Costello are focusing on the rhetoric and analyzing it , " she said . " On the positive side , the kids are engaged , talking about what is on the news .   " The downside is that they have seen the ’Access Hollywood’ video . " 
 the kids 