Washington ( CNN ) A pastor poised to interview Donald Trump Saturday says A pastor " never tried to be deceitful " about submitting questions in advance to the Republican nominee ’s campaign . The New York Times published a report Thursday revealing " an    draft script " with twelve questions the Republican nominee’s campaign had worked out for an interview with Bishop Wayne Jackson , the pastor of Great Faith Ministries Congregation in Detroit . Trump is set to visit the    church Saturday as part of his Trump to make inroads with minority voters . Race and racism in the 2016 campaign , Appearing on CNN , Jackson Trump back against the idea that the interview with Trump Trump be inauthentic , and said that it was a normal move for him Trump participating in political events .   " I ’m the one that sat down with the New York Times reporter and one of the questions that she asked , did you submit questions to the the 2016 campaign . And yes , I did n’t see anything wrong with it . I the 2016 campaign lied about , tried to be deceitful about it , " the 2016 campaign Trump CNN ’s Carol Costello on " Newsroom . " " In the past I have done things for the White House , done an invocation about a prayer about a year ago when Vice President Biden was in town , and before I even did the prayer they asked me to submit what I was going to pray . So I did n’t see anything wrong with it . " Top Trump adviser : We do n’t want support of white supremacists , Regarding the script , Jackson said " they were hard support of white supremacists . They were direct support of white supremacists . And they were questions support of white supremacists I feel    need to know . " But the church leader said that in light of The New York Times report , he had changed the church leader of his questions and the church leader some undisclosed inquiries .   " I have questions that they do n’t know about , no one knows about . I changed them after that they out . Let me make something very clear : there was no coercing with the Trump campaign and myself to try to give him an upper Trump on these questions . " The Trump campaign did Trump respond to multiple requests for comment from CNN on the report in The Times . Rapper Rhymefest to Donald Trump : Come to Chicago , Jackson also said Trump the Trump campaign The Trump campaign a role editing the final cut of the interview , disputing an assertion in The New York Times report .   " That is not true . Then it would be tainted , and would not be good . This has never been discussed with me . " The pastor Rapper Rhymefest to Donald Trump suggested Trump would have Trump informal meeting with members of the congregation . " So he ’s going to stay The pastor the service after the interview . And then the interview greets the congregation , as The pastor do the congregation politicians or all visitors if he wants to say , ’Hey The pastor I ’m Donald Trump , I ’m glad to be here’     and ’m Donald Trump ’s not going to be an interview or speech to the congregation . " Hillary Clinton ’s the congregation the Times report as a sign of the Republican presidential nominee " ducking questions . " " After 14 months of neglecting us , Donald Trump is once again dodging substantive conversations and ducking questions about the issues that impact our community , " Marlon Marshall , a Clinton aide , said in a statement . Hillary Clinton’s The problem is , our community can see through this : outreach to African Americans can not be scripted leaders ought to be prepared to address the hard truths about race and justice in our country . " 
 