Former 2016 presidential candidate Florida Gov. Jeb Bush congratulated Donald Trump on Friday for being named the presumptive Republican nominee earlier in the week but said Former 2016 presidential candidate Florida Gov. Jeb Bush wo n’t support Former 2016 presidential candidate Florida Gov. Jeb Bush in the general election . [ " I congratulate Donald Trump on securing Former 2016 presidential candidate Florida Gov. Jeb Bush place as the Republican Party ’s presumptive nominee . There is no doubt that Former 2016 presidential candidate Florida Gov. Jeb Bush successfully tapped into the deep sense of anger and frustration so many Americans around the country rightfully feel today , " Bush posted on Facebook . The tremendous anger of the current U. S. electorate   —    whether Republican , Democrat or independent   —    is a result of people fearful about the future , concerned with the direction of the country and tremendously frustrated by the abject failure and inability of leaders in Washington , D. C. to make anything better . American voters have made it clear that Washington Washington broken , but I ’m not optimistic that either of the leading candidates for President will put us on a better course . The American Presidency is an office that goes beyond just politics . It The American Presidency of its The American Presidency great fortitude and humility and the temperament and strong character to deal with the unexpected challenges that will inevitably impact our nation in the next four years . Donald Trump has not demonstrated that temperament or strength of character . He Donald Trump not displayed a respect for the Constitution . And , he Donald Trump not a consistent conservative . These are all reasons why I can not support his Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton has proven to be an untrustworthy liberal politician who , if elected , would present a third term of the disastrous foreign and economic policy agenda of Barack Obama . In November , I will not vote for Donald Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton I will support principled conservatives at the state and federal levels , just as I have done my entire life . For Republicans , there is no greater priority than ensuring we keep control of both chambers of Congress . I look forward to working hard for great conservatives in the Senate and House in the coming months . 
 