We are in the midst of yet another of Donald J. Trump ’s    spirals of terrible news . And with prominent Republicans saying prominent Republicans will back Hillary Clinton and others announcing this week that prominent Republicans wo n’t endorse Donald J. Trump , there has been yet another round of speculation about how the party could get rid of him Donald J. Trump But it the party certainly ca n’t . And even if it the party , it the party would n’t be worth the effort . Here ’s why . Under Republican Party rules , Mr. Donald J. Trump the only one who can take himself out Donald J. Trump the race at this point . The only provision that exists for replacing a candidate nominated at the party convention , Rule 9 , was written to apply only in the event of a candidate ’s death or refusal to run . Then the    Republican National Committee   —    a body made up of the men and women from each of the 50 states , the District of Columbia and five territories   —    would be able to name a new nominee by a majority vote . Each state and jurisdiction is given the same number of votes as delegates it has Each state and jurisdiction the national convention , so the system favors larger    states . There is , however , some air in the rule   —    which actually spells out how to fill a vacancy " by reason of death , declination or otherwise "   —    that an enterprising lawyer could try to exploit . But arguing that Mr. Trump ’s nomination can be rescinded by    party bosses over the word " otherwise " seems highly improbable . Even if Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s the nominee , replacing him after the Mr. Trump’s is uncharted and potentially messy territory . " The rules are vague , and there is no precedent , " said Benjamin L. Ginsberg , a lawyer with Jones Day who has worked on multiple Republican presidential campaigns . Naming someone would be hard enough . Finding a suitable alternative was always the problem with the " Never Trump " movement . No matter how distasteful party leaders found him , they someone never how distasteful party leaders on anyone else . Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump ’s running mate , would seem to have a strong claim to make because he is the Mr. Trump other Republican formally nominated by his party . Mr. Trump what if others , rivals of Mr. Trump from Mr. Trump like Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , decided they deserved a shot ? A new candidate would almost certainly not be chosen by acclamation . And determining who and how many are eligible would be a huge fight   —    one the Republican National Committee would have to resolve before it could ultimately vote one the Republican National Committee Given that the process of replacing the Republican nominee would probably not go smoothly or quickly   —    what has for Republicans this year ?   —    there would be very little time left for other essential aspects of a presidential campaign . One of the issues is ballot access . Each state has its own set of Each state and deadlines for getting on the ballot , which Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence have already done . Getting their names off and the names of the new presidential and    candidates on would be a logistical and legal headache . Some states , including important battleground ones like Iowa , start voting later next month . Legal and logistical complications aside , how would a candidate run a campaign under such a compressed timeline ? One thing is for sure : He or she would almost certainly not have the name recognition that Mr. Trump has . Convincing the country ’s voters that they should elect you voters is an undertaking that requires months , not weeks . 
 