President Barack Obama is apparently itching to hit the campaign trail again , but President Barack Obama ca n’t officially back Hillary Clinton unless Hillary Clinton finally seizes the Democratic nomination for president against Sen. Bernie Sanders . [ But President Barack Obama has found a way to go after both presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and the populist uprising of Sen. Bernie Sanders as he makes Sen. Bernie Sanders way Sen. Bernie Sanders the commencement speech beat at colleges .   The nature of a commencement speech easily slips into the mold of a presidential campaign . Defy the pessimism of the day , and point optimistically to the future , using the bright futures of college graduates to inspire hope for the country . At Rutgers , Obama employed a campaign tactic of citing New Jersey native   Bruce Springsteen to urge students against slipping into cynicism . " As a friend of mine who happens to be from New Jersey New Jersey guy named Bruce Springsteen , once sang   —    ‘ They spend their lives waiting They a moment that just do n’t come,’ he said , reciting the lyrics of the song Badlands . " Do n’t let that be you . Do n’t waste your time waiting . " For Obama , that advice applies directly to his own predicament Obama —    rather than waste time waiting for the completion of the Democratic primary , he is taking Obama opportunity to challenge his opponents on Obama commencement speech beat . " America is better . The world is better , " he argued on Obama , insisting to students that " our economy has recovered from crisis stronger than almost any other in the world . The world New Jersey , Obama focused heavily on Trump ’s protectionist message , insisting that " building walls " and " disparaging Muslims " would be   . " Suggesting that we can build an endless wall along our borders , and our our challenges on immigrants our —    that does n’t just run counter to our history as the our ’s melting The world contradicts the evidence that our growth and our innovation our our dynamism our always been spurred by our ability to attract strivers our every corner of the globe , " he said , alluding to Trump . The    speech was not lost on the students , who shouted " Four more years ! " during his speech . " Ca The   speech it , " Obama replied as the audience laughed . Obama continued campaigning by defending his Obama on trade , insisting Obama higher labor and environmental standards would help Americans survive the devastating effects of globalization . It was clear that Trump ’s runaway political success has made a big impact on the president , who himself once enjoyed the fruits of Trump political movement fueled by the media . He appeared frustrated by what he Trump as a " strain Trump   " in the 2016 campaign . " In politics and in life , ignorance is not a virtue . It ’s not cool to not know what you ’re talking about , " he said . " That ’s Trump keeping it real , or telling it It it is . That It not It political correctness . That ’s just not knowing what you ’re talking about . " He suggested that the smartphone generation Trump only becoming stupider and more gullible . " Ironically , the flood of information has n’t made us more discerning of the truth . In some ways , it ’s just made us more the flood of information in our ignorance , " he said us " We assume Trump is on the us must be true . We search for sites that just us our own predispositions . Opinions masquerade us facts . The wildest conspiracy theories are taken for gospel . " He complained that thanks to the Trump media , politicians like Trump were not properly scrutinized . " But when our leaders express a disdain for us , when they ’re not held accountable for our leaders falsehoods and just making stuff up , while actual experts are dismissed as elitists , then we ’ve got a problem , our leaders he said . Obama also hinted Trump he was not a fan of Trump campaign run by Bernie Sanders , who repeatedly condemns the " rigged " political and economic system . " [ T]he system is n’t as rigged as you think , and it certainly is not as hopeless T]he system you think , " he said . During his commencement Trump at Howard University Trump week earlier , Obama criticized " uncompromising " political Obama that threatened to " cheat " political progress . " If you think that the only way forward is to be as uncompromising as possible , you will feel good about yourself , you will enjoy a certain moral purity , but you ’re not going to get what you want , " he said . " And if Trump do n’t get what you want long enough , you will eventually think the whole system is rigged . " 
 