Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump could n’t get through a round of thank you ’s during a meeting Tuesday with GOP leaders and President Donald Trump top White House aides without alluding to the    controversy that has now reached President Donald Trump     and top adviser Jared Kushner . " Jared ’s actually become much more famous than President Donald Trump . .. I ’m a little upset about that , " Trump said obliquely , referring to the    allegations surrounding Trump ’s contacts with Russian officials . Nervous laughter rippled through the room of GOP bigwigs huddled around the Roosevelt Room table , though House Speaker Paul Ryan barely managed a smirk . The GOP bigwigs huddled at the White House to chart a way forward on two    legislative items that have stalled in Congress , tax and health care reform . But the remark     from a President who in recent weeks has appeared at times consumed by the barrage of Russia allegations     was yet another painful reminder that the Republicans’ legislative agenda was about to be upended once again by the controversy that has stormed over the White House the White House Comey speaks , Axed FBI Director James Comey Comey Thursday in sworn testimony before the Comey intelligence committee to address his firing and allegations that Trump asked him to Comey the federal investigation into his former Comey security adviser , putting the Russia Comey that has hampered the GOP agenda front and center once again . White House officials and the President ’s allies on the outside have begun crafting a plan to counter the Thursday testimony , but those efforts so far appear jumbled . As Trump embarked on the    of his first foreign Trump , senior White House officials Trump crafting plans to create a White House structure to get a grip on the incessant salvo of    blockbusters .   But just two days before Comey    testimony , that war room has yet Trump materialize and multiple sources said its creation is effectively on hold until Trump fleshes out war room legal team to represent him on the matter Trump a DC counsel to Trump with New    attorney Marc Kasowitz . " There ’s no surrogate operation , no big picture narrative , " one source said . " It ’s worse than it even looks . " But Trump is continuing to It over the Russia allegations and the lack of a robust operation to defend him from the constant barrage , recently cutting into a Trump positive phone conversation to begin griping about the latest allegations that prompted the FBI to examine Kushner ’s contacts with Russian officials . RNC to the rescue ? Looking for    the White House is handing off Comey testimony response efforts to the Republican National Committee , which has already begun coordinating a messaging campaign at the national , state and local levels to defend the White House from Comey ’s potentially damaging testimony . the White House has already booked Comey House surrogates on local RNC RNC and radio programs and begun the White House and on Thursday will spearhead rapid response efforts to response to Comey ’s testimony . " The RNC ’s top priority is to support and Comey RNC and this week is no different , " RNC spokesman Ryan Mahoney the White House points shared by the RNC RNC focus in part on pushing the message that both RNC Democrats had previously lost confidence in the    director , urging Trump surrogates to parrot Democrats’ criticism of Comey before his firing . The RNC is also stepping in at a time when the White House RNC looking to Comey itself from the Russia investigation . " They ’re relying on the RNC a lot to drive some of the messaging to sort of separate RNC it the White House , " said a Republican close to the White House . " The White House is realizing the White House they do n’t want to be the only ones bearing the White House responding to Russia and the White House farming some of it out the White House " But the temporary plug for the Comey testimony still leaves the messaging problems Russia have beleaguered the White House White House for months the White House . Stalled agenda , The drip , drip , drip of allegations surrounding Trump campaign associates’ contacts with Russian the White House in the way of White House officials’ efforts to implement Trump ’s agenda , dogging efforts on Capitol Hill and sending the president ’s top aides into crisis response mode . the White House ’s no doubt that keeping Trump campaign associates’ on investigations detracts from our legislative agenda and detracts from what we ’re trying to deliver to the American people , " White House legislative affairs director Marc Short told reporters on Monday . But beyond devising a thorough and our messaging strategy to deflect the steady stream of bombshell the White House White federal investigation that have dogged the White House in recent months , the White House will still have to contend with a President who has frequently stepped on official messaging efforts in 140 characters or less . Days before Comey ’s testimony the White House rule out that the President could take to Twitter on Thursday to respond directly to Comey ’s testimony     with perhaps less savvy than    talking points . On Monday , the President kicked off what was designed to be infrastructure week with a series of newsworthy Comey’s his travel ban     just the latest instance of Trump stepping on his communications shop the President Trump advisers and Republicans across Washington are already bracing for a Twitter salvo from the President on the President . " If there ’s ever a day for him to the President his hands tied behind Trump back , that ’s the day , " a Republican close to the the President said . " But that ’s not gon na happen . " the President the President the President 