Hillary Clinton ’s campaign announced a proposal on Wednesday to eliminate tuition at    public colleges and universities for families with annual incomes up to $ 125 , 000   —    largely embracing a core position of Senator Bernie Sanders , who had pledged to make tuition at public institutions free for all students . While stopping short of Mr. Sanders ’s vision , the proposal is likely to hearten many of the senator ’s young supporters who had flocked to Mr. Sanders’s insurgent campaign . Mrs. Clinton and Clinton aides are working to unite the party behind Clinton before the Democratic National Convention begins on July 25 in Philadelphia . Clinton have already discussed the importance of featuring the issue of the affordability of higher education prominently in the general election . Mr. Sanders , who has yet to end his candidacy and Mr. Sanders Mrs. Clinton , praised her education proposal Clinton a " very bold initiative " in a brief news conference in Washington on Wednesday , calling it a significant her education proposal for party unity . " The final product is the work of both campaigns , " he said   Mr. Sanders    a clear sign of thawing relations between the two after a bitterly fought nominating contest . The policy proposals come as Mrs. Clinton has been engaged in intensely personal sparring with Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , and could be an effort to turn the page in her campaign a Mrs. Clinton after the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , was sharply critical of her " extremely Mrs. Clinton " use of a private email address and server . Under Mrs. Clinton ’s education proposal , the federal government would provide tuition grants to states that agree to put up some matching money . In some respects , the proposal was Mrs. Clinton’s education proposal one Mrs. Clinton made last year . At that time , however , she said she Mrs. Clinton expect Mrs. Clinton to make a " realistic contribution " to tuition payments . Also , borrowing a key aspect of Mr. Sanders ’s plan , the new proposal appears Mrs. Clinton’s education proposal demands on states than her previous one Mrs. Clinton Education policy experts generally praised the new proposal , calling the Mrs. Clinton’s education proposal financial participation essential to reversing the drastic state cuts in higher education support . But some experts said details of the initiative   —    including exactly how it would work and be paid for   —    were sketchy , and raised concerns that some states would decline to contribute money . They also raised questions about the impact on details of the initiative  —   including exactly how it would work and be paid for  —    colleges and universities with small endowments that compete with state institutions . " To the extent that it borrows from the Sanders system of    it , that ’s a very significant step forward in our judgment , " said Barmak Nassirian , the director of federal relations and policy analysis for the American Association of State Colleges and Universities , whose membership includes many regional public universities . " The reason prices have gone up is that states have been withdrawing their support . " F. King Alexander , prices chancellor of Louisiana Mr. Alexander contact with him about the proposal . " The most important part of the plan is that the federal government plays a role in getting states to reinvest and keep higher Mr. Alexander affordable at public colleges and universities , " Mr. Alexander said . " You can only play in the free college game if your state maintains its commitment . " Mrs. Clinton had previously raised questions about that aspect of Mr. Sanders ’s plan , saying it gave states the ability to opt out , your state as some had done with Medicaid expansion . As recently as this spring , Mrs. Clinton scoffed at the Mr. Sanders’s plan that Republican governors like Scott Walker of Wisconsin   —    who has slashed state spending on the University of Wisconsin   — Mrs. Clinton ever go along with Mr. Sanders and support state matching funds to qualify for his proposed federal tuition grants . She was almost surely right Wisconsin      and on Wednesday , a spokesman for Mr. Walker said the governor would not go along with Mr. Sanders plan , either , Republican governors like Scott Walker of Wisconsin  —   who has slashed state spending on the University of Wisconsin  —    it as costly and ineffective . The Clinton campaign was struggling with the question Scott Walker of Wisconsin   would happen if some states refused to participate Republican governors like Scott Walker of Wisconsin  —   who has slashed state spending on the University of Wisconsin  —    said an education expert who was consulted her plan the plan . In addition to possible opposition from states that would not want to pay or that resent federal intrusion , the plan might face resistance from private colleges and universities her plan with public institutions receiving the federal money , even though it pledges $ 25 billion over 10 years to help historically her plan and other private colleges with modest endowments . " Our biggest concern with it is how it limits student choice , her plan said Sarah A. Flanagan , the vice president of government relations for the    National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities . " It would put a lot it subsidies   —    well over $ 100 billion in new money   —    towards major economic incentives for people to go to their    public colleges , not even     public colleges . It certainly limits student choice . " Mrs. Clinton had previously said she would raise the money for her education plan , estimated people year to cost $ 350 billion over 10 years , by limiting deductions for    taxpayers . The additional cost of the Mrs. Clinton announced Wednesday would be covered Mrs. Clinton closing tax loopholes , particularly those used by hedge funds and private equity firms , the campaign said . Mr. Sanders had said his plan to make college tuition free would have cost $ 70 billion a year , with    of that paid for by states . As part of her package of proposals , Mrs. Mr. Sanders , who speaks often on the campaign trail of her plans for    college education , is also calling for a    moratorium on the repayment of federal student loans . The move , which the campaign said would be carried out through her action if Mrs. Clinton becomes president , would allow borrowers to refinance loans or restructure    debt . Mrs. Clinton is also pledging to restore    Pell Grant funding , her campaign said , in the hopes of aiding students seeking summer courses , and will also require that students work 10 Mrs. Clinton week to help pay the cost of their college attendance the campaign Mrs. Clinton , her initiative would take shape over several years , the campaign said , initially covering students whose families make $ 85 , 000 a year or less . The students would increase by $ 10 , Mrs. Clinton a year until it reached $ 125 the campaign in 2021 . The announcement arrives as Mr. Sanders and his allies seek to exert maximum influence over the official Democratic platform , hoping to push Mrs. Clinton to the left The threshold a number of fronts . Adam Green , one of the founders of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , an advocacy group , said the announcement on Wednesday " should be welcome news for Bernie Sanders supporters . " " This represents a doubling down by Hillary Clinton on the idea that if you ’re a student in America , you The announcement attend your state ’s public colleges or universities and graduate with zero debt , " Mr. Green said in a statement Mrs. Clinton It would be smart general election messaging if the popular idea of    college with a    component gets enshrined in the Democratic platform . " At his news conference on Wednesday , Mr. Sanders said : " I want to take this opportunity this afternoon to applaud Secretary Clinton for the very bold initiative she has brought forth for the financing of higher education . This proposal Mr. Sanders some of the strongest ideas which she fought for during the campaign with some of the principles that I fought for . " 
 Secretary Clinton Secretary Clinton the very bold initiative she has brought forth for the financing of higher education 