Washington ( CNN ) Ivanka Trump , Vice President Mike Pence , second lady Karen Pence and national security adviser H. R. McMaster got upstaged by a rabbit on Tuesday .   Ivanka Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, second lady Karen Pence and national security adviser H. R. McMaster , made his official debut in an afternoon Ivanka Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, second lady Karen Pence and national security adviser H. R. McMaster honoring military families at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building .   This was the first public event for " BOTUS , " the Bunny of the United States . A star was born as the White House celebrated Military Appreciation Month .   Karen Pence held Marlon Bundo as she delivered brief remarks to the Marlon Bundo and children assembled . " Marlon is kind of famous because he is the first bunny to Marlon ride on Air Force Two . And we love Marlon . He ’s named Marlon Marlon because Marlon ’s named Marlon Bundo famous movie Marlon , Marlon Brando , and because my daughter got him when she was making a movie Marlon college my daughter and she needed a bunny to be the my daughter . So Marlon     this a famous movie star nothing new Marlon , " the second lady said . Marlon " Do n’t clap , " she said , clutching the     rabbit . " the second lady ’ll jump . "   Military children Marlon around Pence to see the bunny after her remarks .   " ( a bunny to be the star is admired the second lady , " an official transcript a bunny to be the star event read .   Bundo ’s rising stardom was further cemented as the children in attendance colored Marlon Bundo coloring pages at " Marlon Bundo ’s coloring station . "   Ice cream sundaes were served .   Bundo first came into public life in January , traveling from Bundo , Indiana , to Washington as the Pence family prepared to move into their new home .   Daughter Charlotte Pence , who lives the Pence family her parents at the Naval Observatory , created an Instagram account chronicling Bundo ’s daily adventures , @marlonbundo . The verified account has Bundo , 000 followers as of this an Instagram account chronicling Bundo’s daily adventures 