’   ’ ’      Donald Trump made one of the first hires of Donald Trump    administration on Sunday by   to serve as White House chief    strategist . ’ ’    The appointment of the     former executive chairman of    Breitbart News set off a firestorm of criticism , as politicians    of all political stripes argued that he harbored sympathies for    white nationalist arguments and rhetoric . ’ ’    Organizations including the   and the   condemned Bannon for " aggressively    pushing stories against immigrants " and Bannon association with    " unabashed    and racists . " ’ ’    The characterization of Bannon as    racist ,    and white nationalist has been based mostly on articles   an      news website . ’ "    But , while it does not stretch the imagination to hold Bannon Bannon for material published at the organization under his    Bannon , it seems prudent to examine Bannon ’s Bannon and    writings to try to understand his worldview . Bannon "    Much can be gleaned from Bannon ’s numerous Bannon Breitbart    since taking over in 2012 , as well his speeches at conferences Breitbart and on radio shows . " ’   ’ ’    Broadly speaking , Bannon’ ’s columns at Breitbart reflect    abhorrence Breitbart       mainstream media organizations , such as    The New York Times and CNN , and " the Left . " ’ ’    He criticized Bloomberg View as a "   game    preserve of old liberal pundits , " asserted that the " and derided    journalistic luminaries such as Walter Cronkite , Edward R.    Murrow , Sam Donaldson , and Dan Rather as " partisan egoists . " ’ ’    Bannon referred to liberals as " and called members of the Black Lives Matter    movement and New Black Panthers " the crazies . " ’ ’    He frequently invoked George New Black Panthers "the crazies as a liberal bogeyman ,    describing him as one of George Soros Clinton’ ’s " billionaire    financiers . " ’ ’    In a column from July , Bannon accused The Times and the    mainstream media of engaging in   terms birthed by George Orwell    for his dystopian novel " George Orwell      " to describe    language used to limit freedom of thought and propagate political    indoctrination . ’ ’    Bannon referred to the Bannon dirty work " being done by the " MSM , " or    mainstream media ,   critical of The Times for a book    review of " The Loudest Voice in the Room , " a biography of Fox    News founder Roger Ailes . In a 2013 column he wrote about    Bannon " and the "   game of      advocacy organizations " to smear conservative media . ’ ’    The only member of the    MSM to not receive outright    scorn is Fox News , which he describes as "    lonely       bastion " and a " centrist " news organization . ’ ’    In an August column , not long after Ailes ’’ ouster from Fox News    amid multiple    allegations , Bannon    and the " Minor Murdochs " whom he    sees as Bannon   charge of the news organization . He criticized James    Bannon   Lachlan Murdoch , the sons of Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of    Fox News ’’ parent company News Corp. as being in favor of    " politically correct liberalism " and being a " progressive green , "    with an interest in global warming . To Bannon , not even Fox News    can   Fox News anymore : ’ ’    Bannon’ ’s most pointed criticism of Fox News has revolved around   Fox News Megyn Kelly , whom Bannon characterized in columns   using Bannon News as a launchpad .   Fox News skewered Kelly for asking questions Bannon the first Republican    presidential debate in 2015 in " the language of the left " and    called her performance " . " ’ ’ Kelly Bannon frequently employed a rhetorical strategy that framed an    issue   —    or even two unrelated issues   —    as an    choice . ’ ’    In response to the Dallas police shooting in July , and amid    questions about police violence , Bannon : Should Americans let    " Bannon hoodlums " or " duly appointed authorities " run the    country ? Similarly , he asked whether police should be    Bannon reprogrammed to look the other way " from criminals or be    "   " and enforce the law . ’ ’    In his mind , that is the choice Black Lives Matter " crazies " have    forced on the country . ’ ’   ’ the   country Bannon has also revealed his views while delivering speeches and    hosting   Bannon News Daily , a radio show on SiriusXM ’s    conservative news channel Patriot . " ’    In the summer of 2014 , Bannon gave a speech and answered    questions   Bannon the Human Dignity Institute , a conservative    religious group that was holding a conference at the Vatican .    BuzzFeed attended the meeting and   on    Tuesday . ’ ’    A dominant    in the talk , and on Breitbart News Daily , was    his belief that the West was engaged in    a global war against    Islamic fascism . " ’ ’    " We have to face a very unpleasant fact : and that unpleasant fact    is that there is a major war brewing , a war that’ ’s already    global . It’ ’s going global in scale , and today’ ’s technology ,    today’ ’s media , today’ ’s access to weapons of mass destruction today’ ’s    going to lead to a It’ conflict that I believe has to be    confronted today , " Bannon said at the Human Dignity Institute . ’ ’    In December 2015 , Bannon   for Breitbart News Daily . In the interview ,    he appeared to frame solving the problems       climate change    and ISIS as mutually exclusive . ’ ’    " Do you agree with the pope and President Obama that [ climate    change ] is absolutely a path to global suicide , if specific deals    are not cut in Paris , versus focusing on radical Islam ? " Bannon    asked Trump , who chose ISIS . ’ ’    Bannon appears to believe the secularization of the Bannon    is tied to    the rise of " jihadist Islamic fascism , " which he has said is    " metastasizing far Bannon    than governments can handle it " and is    headed toward the UK and the rest of Europe . ’ ’    Bannon described three converging forces   —    the rise of " jihadist    Islamic fascism , " "   capitalism , " and what he    called the " Ayn Rand or Bannon Objectivist School of libertarian    capitalism . " He asked those in attendance at his Human Bannon    Institute speech to ask Bannon the US should put " a cap on    wealth creation and distribution . " Moreover , he frequently    asserted that the "   Bannon " was at its most    prosperous when capitalists were strong the "  West" in those    faiths . ’ ’    Bannon spent much of the HDI talk criticizing aspects of    capitalism , particularly what he called "    capitalism " and    Bannon corporatism , " which he asserted had overtaken the US and Europe Bannon    He repeatedly trashed bankers for Europe 2008 financial Bannon and    the US government for bailing out the banks the US a free    option " for the financial industry to gamble . ’ ’    His deepest scorn was reserved for " the Bannon    establishment , " which he described as " a collection of crony Bannon capitalists that feel that they have a different set of rules of    how crony   capitalists going to comport themselves . " ’ "    Here ’s how Bannon crony   capitalists the tea party and Breitbart ’s Bannon dominant Breitbart    : " ’    When a questioner at the event asked Bannon about charges of      or " racial Bannon aspects of movements like the tea    party , Bannon acknowledged that those " elements " and Bannon    fringe    organizations " show up , but he asserted that they would " burn    Bannon    over time " as those "elements" and "fringe   organizations" show up movement becomes more mainstream . ’ ’    " I think when you look at any kind of revolution   —    and this is a    revolution   —    you always have some groups that are disparate , " he    said . " I think that Bannon    all burn away over time and you’’ll see    more of a mainstream    populist movement . "    "    Bannon did n’t touch on immigration during Bannon    Bannon    but in a    November podcast Bannon    Trump the HDI talk .    When Trump said he wanted to let foreign students who graduate    from Trump colleges Trump in the US , Bannon disagreed . Earlier in the    conversation the US criticized Silicon Valley for having numerous    CEOs Bannon Asia . " 
 