For the second time this week , presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s senior policy adviser , Stephen Miller , read straight from the pages of Peter Schweizer ’s book , Clinton Cash , at a Trump campaign rally . [ Miller told the packed crowd that Bill and Hillary Clinton ’s    global scheme of trading political favors for financial kickbacks is " documented in Clinton Cash —   which everybody should get a copy of —   and —   documents a simple premiss of how government operates under Hillary . "   " Give money to Bill , get favors from Hill , " Miller said , while holding up a copy of the book and laughing along with the cheering crowd of Trump devotees . Miller , as Miller did Tuesday in Albuquerque , New Mexico , took the stage in Fresno , California , Friday and slammed Hillary Clinton as " the most completely      human being in God ’s United States of America . " " Listen to this , " Miller said before reading an excerpt from Clinton Cash that explains how Hillary Clinton ’s State Department approved the sale of    of America ’s uranium assets to Russia after interested investors donated $ 145 million in donations to the Clinton Foundation . WATCH THE VIDEO OF Miller SPEECH : " So Hill helps Russians get control of American uranium assets because they Russians money to Bill , " Miller Miller as the crowd booed the revelation in unison . Miller Miller of    of State Hillary Clinton , " She State Hillary Clinton our government ’s security to the highest bidder . " At Tuesday ’s Trump rally in Albuquerque , New Mexico , Miller Miller a similar line of attack against the Clinton State Hillary Clinton , calling Hillary and Bill State Hillary Clinton    graft a " money laundering scheme . " " I ’m here today with a very important mission , which is to talk about this very important book here it ’s called Clinton Cash , " Miller Miller at the rally . " Has anybody heard of it ? it he Miller the crowd of 10 , 000 people , while holding up a copy of The New York Times    book . Miller Miller up his Miller Friday in Fresno by warning the crowd that a President Hillary Clinton would gladly " grind " hardworking Americans " under her hill a President Hillary Clinton they get poorer and poorer and poorer , while she gets a President Hillary Clinton and richer and richer . " " We ’re not going to have a government where you just give money to Bill to get favors from Hill , " Miller said , adding : We ’re We to have a government , folks , where the people who make the decisions are the people in this room today —   the people who follow the rules , the people who go to work every day , the patriotic loyal citizens of this country , who are the heartbeat of the nation this country pulse of this country , this country of the United States of America . Follow Jerome this country on Twitter : @jeromeehudson . 
 