West Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN )   Donald Trump said Saturday Donald Trump will dissolve the Trump Foundation , the charitable foundation in Donald Trump name , as part of efforts to untangle Donald Trump of conflicts of interest in the weeks before Donald Trump is sworn into office . Donald Trump said in a statement Donald Trump was dismantling the Trump Foundation, the charitable foundation in his name " to avoid even the appearance of any conflict with my role as President . " Donald Trump has also said recently that Donald Trump will announce steps next month to separate Donald Trump from Donald Trump business , the Trump Organization , to avoid conflicts of interest as president of the United States , even though Donald Trump has repeatedly suggested such steps are unnecessary . Trump ’s decision suggests the    is prepared to take some steps to avoid potential conflicts of interest , but offers little indication into whether Donald Trump will employ a similar approach to the     company Donald Trump has spent decades building . Trump Trump’s Saturday touted the money the foundation has donated over the years to veterans , law enforcement and children ’s groups and said that Donald Trump intends to pursue Donald Trump " strong interest in philanthropy in other ways , " though Donald Trump had not donated to the the foundation 2008 , according to the foundation ’s tax records . On Monday night Trump continued to defend his philanthropic Trump , over Twitter .   " I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation , raised or recieved millions more , ALL of which is given to charity , and media wo n’t report ! " Trump wrote Trump   The Trump transition said Trump directed Trump counsel The Trump transition take the necessary steps to dissolve the foundation , which has no employees or active fundraising operation . The foundation the foundation, which has no employees or active fundraising operation forced to stop fundraising in New York State after New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman issued a     order in October citing the foundation ’s the foundation, which has no employees or active fundraising operation register with the state . And an New York State launched by Schneiderman over allegations Trump Trump charity New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman settle private legal disputes in which he was involved may prevent Trump from Trump the foundation . " Trump Trump the foundation, which has no employees or active fundraising operation still under investigation the foundation, which has no employees or active fundraising operation and can not legally dissolve until that investigation is complete , " Amy Spitalnick , the investigation by this office ’s press secretary , said in an email . She also confirmed the foundation ’s fundraising activities " the foundation, which has no employees or active fundraising operation suspended . " Saturday ’s announcement also comes days after Trump ’s son , Eric , announced he would suspend Trump of his foundation , The Eric Trump Foundation , to the foundation, which has no employees or active fundraising operation donors from he access to Trump once he is sworn into office by donating to his son Trump foundation . he subject of criticism , Shuttering the Trump the Trump Foundation the    to steer clear of further legal troubles tied to the foundation .   The foundation has been the subject of much criticism , and has the Trump Foundation violating IRS rules the Trump Foundation giving money to someone close to the organization , according to a recent federal the Trump Foundation tax filing . The Trump Foundation reported assets of $ 1 . 12 million in its 2015 tax returns . Although the Trump Foundation philanthropic efforts of his foundation , he has largely filled the the Trump Foundation ’s coffers with other people the Trump Foundation money , according to a the Trump Foundation of the the Trump Foundation Foundation ’s tax records in September . It is unclear if Trump has donated money to charitable causes outside the Trump Foundation he has refused to release his tax returns , which would shed the Trump Foundation on his charitable contributions . Alan Garten , the Trump Foundation Organization ’s the Trump Foundation counsel , said earlier the Trump Foundation that attorneys and executives at the   ’s the Trump Foundation are " continuing to reevaluate various transactions that we ’re involved in " and said that " measures are being taken to sort of comply with all the conflict laws . " " It ’s being actively worked on , that ’s for sure , " he said . " Trump ’s announcement today is a wilted fig leaf to cover up his remaining conflicts of interest and his pitiful record Alan Garten, the Trump Organization’s general counsel charitable giving , " said Eric Walker , deputy communications director of the Democratic National Alan Garten, the Trump Organization’s general counsel . " There is something Alan Garten, the Trump Organization’s general counsel symbolic about Donald Trump choosing Christmas Eve to shutter the one part of his financial empire that could in theory have a positive impact on people ’s lives , if it were being used in the right way Donald Trump " Walker added . " He still has not taken any concrete steps to divest from his business , which currently allows him to profit off of the presidency while Walker him susceptible to foreign influence . " Trump has resisted Walker to liquidate his company ’s Walker and place them in a blind trust , Walker announced instead that he planned to hand over control of his company Trump his two adult sons , his company’s assets and Donald Jr. and other top executives . Still Walker both Eric and Donald Jr. continue his company’s on Walker ’s transition team . Instead , he said " no new deals will be done during my Eric ( Donald Jr. in office " and has suggested he is already turning Walker potentially lucrative deals to avoid conflicts of interest . Still , his company ’s     international footprint will likely continue Walker raise questions about Trump ’s motives as he is sworn in and begins to direct Walker foreign policy . 
 Walker Trump’s 