’   ’ "    It ’s been a tumultuous two weeks for the White House . " ’    In brief , the last 11 days have included : ’ ’    The flood of bombshell reports against the president has prompted    some lawmakers and pundits to ask a version of the    same question : Can Trump be impeached for indiscretions that    critics believe   and may amount to an obstruction of justice ? ’ "    Since Trump took office ,   from both parties have either    discussed or actively promoted the president ’s impeachment .    Democratic Rep. Al Green even called for Trump impeachment on    the House floor on Wednesday . " "    A Public Policy Polling survey released May 18 found that     than oppose it     albeit with a significant    partisan divide ) . After news broke of Comey ’s memo , which    alleges that Trump Trump him Comey drop the Flynn    investigation , a   and legal analysts began considering the    possibility of impeachment . The White House   as lawyers began preparing for    what they called a distant possibility . " "    Experts say that it ’s unlikely Trump Trump be impeached over    these events   —    at least , not yet . But they they he Trump edging    closer to the line . " ’    Comey’ ’s memo , if it ’s memo exist , " would be very damaging " to the    president , Keith E. Whittington , an expert on presidential    impeachment and politics professor at Princeton University , told    Business Insider .   ’ ’   ’ ’    " I’’ve spent a lot of time studying [ presidential impeachment ] .    We’’re in presidential impeachment territory , " Whittington     on Monday ,       news of Comey’ ’s memo broke . ’ ’    The Comey’’s memo in a number of details around      ties and what the president’ ’s motives were in firing the former    FBI director , Whittington Whittington     . If Congress pursues those    details , depending on what they find those    this latest    development may " open the door " to exploring the groundwork for    presidential    , he added . ’ "    And the decision over whether or not to impeach Trump over    his dissemination Trump classified info or Comey ’s memo may not even    come down to a question of legality .   " ’    " It may be that he’ ’s acting completely within his legal he’    and yet still has abused his office he’ ways that might rise to    the level of impeachable offenses , " Whittington said . " But    that would have to be something that would need to be explored    through congressional hearings . ’ ’    Bob Deitz , a former top lawyer for the NSA and CIA , told Business    Insider as much . ’ ’    " I can imagine a lot of people saying , ’’ Look , I don’’t care    whether what Trump did is felonious or not . But the comment    itself has brought disgrace upon the White House , and therefore ,    we think he should    impeached for that , ’’ " Deitz said .   ’ ’ ’ ’    the Supreme Court has never explicitly defined what    an impeachable offense is , " since Watergate , many people have    said that an    offense is whatever the House and the    Senate think it is , " Deitz said Deitz " It’ ’s a cynical take , but it may    very It’ be true . " ’ ’    An effective assessment of whether Trump has committed an    impeachable offense also requires a    Congress ,    and that has been a source of concern among many critics who feel    that officials and    may place party over country .   ’ ’    Preet Bharara , the former US attorney for the Southern District    of New York who was   vocalized those concerns in a   titled , " Are there still public servants who will say    no to the president ? " ’ ’    In light of Comey’ ’s abrupt dismissal while the FBI was    investigating Trump’ ’s ties to Russia , Bharara argued that " we    need a truly bipartisan investigation in Congress . That means no    partisan nonsense   —    just a commitment to finding the facts ,    whatever they may be , proving ( or disproving ) Russian    interference in our election and anything related . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " Congress is a check Congress a balance , " he added , " and never more    important than when a bullying chief executive used to his own    way he not    remember the    status of the other two    branches . "   ’ "    And that criticism does n’t apply just to Republicans who have    appeared hesitant to criticize the president . The number of    Democrats who have called for Trump ’s impeachment since he took    office Whittington n’t help the situation either , Whittington said .   " ’    Democrats ’’ concerns , though often outlined by lawmakers as    critical to the    of democracy , " have not been so much    about the exceptional    of Trump as much as Trump’s    partisan disagreements , " Whittington said . And Whittington cases where    there were potential    concerns   —    like in the case    of Trump’ ’s travel ban   —    he has been checked by the judicial    branch a number of times . ’ ’    Lawmakers should be capable of stepping back and recognizing that    " sometimes you just disagree and mistakes get made , but they    don’’t necessarily Lawmakers the level of threatening the    constitutional system , " Whittington said .   ’ ’    Instead of discussing the possibility of impeachment , Whittington    said , it Whittington appropriate to examine whether Trump breached    his oath of office , which Whittington experts say he did .   ’ ’ Whittington " I think that would be the concern , " Whittington said . " I think Whittington that’ ’s the right thing to be looking at and to be thinking    about , " he said , adding that the that’ at this point should    be urging Congress to hold the president to account . ’ "    Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle applauded the move to    appoint Mueller as special counsel to oversee the Justice    Department ’s investigation into the Trump campaign ’s ties to    Russia , and whether his associates colluded with the Kremlin Trump campaign’s    tampering of the 2016 election . " ’   ’ ’    Rosenstein made the appointment after multiple revelations in the    last 11 days threatened to derail the investigation . ’ ’    Though Rosenstein is     at the DOJ   Rosenstein he has the    authority to   Rosenstein the    appointment because    Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused    from all      investigative matters   Rosenstein his      meetings with Russian Ambassador   Rosenstein Kislyak that he failed to    disclose during   Rosenstein hearings for    role as attorney    general   Rosenstein to light . ’ "    Experts say Mueller ’s appointment as special prosecutor   Rosenstein    Russia investigation will also ensure that it proceeds smoothly    after a rocky the   Russia investigation . " ’    " I have enormous respect for Bob . We worked together when I was    at the NSA , " Deitz , who worked with Mueller when he headed the    FBI Mueller told Business Insider . ’ ’    " The Russia investigation will continue apace with the   Russia investigation    momentum , " Deitz said . And if more evidence of Trump’ ’s or his    associates ’’ ties to Russia emerges , Trump’ said , Mueller’ Russia    appointment means " Trump’ president may have the president the frying    pan into the fire . " ’ ’    The steady drip of new details about Trump and Trump associates Trump    ties to Russia necessitated the need for a special prosecutor Russia    Glenn Carle , a former CIA    CIA told      Business Insider Carle called Mueller " solid , " " impartial , Business Insider    Mueller professional , " and also added that Mueller’ ’s appointment may    temporarily stall the Russia investigation . ’ ’    Mueller’ will slow down Russia the   Russia investigation deliberate and    thorough , " Carle said Mueller While he said the investigation’ ’s likely    slowed pace may reduce the     Carle that has rocked Carle    White House over the past few days , Carle added that it was    likely Trump Trump try to " divert attention by having surrogates Carle attack Mueller’ ’s independence and integrity . " ’ ’    But given Mueller’ ’s reputation as an Mueller’ independent    prosecutor and the precarious position the White House is Mueller’ Carle said , " it will be difficult for him to do so ,    and the costs would be high Carle " ’ "    Since the president himself Carle repeatedly declared that he was    the president to take a number of actions the president ’s taken over the president    last week , including Comey ’s the president and Comey’s that    he has nothing to Comey with Russia , others are calling on him to    back Comey claims up .   " Russia    " If what Donald Trump is true , that he has Trump done    anything wrong either in the campaign or as president , he should Trump welcome an impeachment investigation as a chance the Trump campaign the    air , " . Lichtman has    predicted every US election winner since 1984      ’ ’   ’ ’    " He should release all documents , all presidential tapes    if they    exist . I would call upon him to do so . If he Lichtman n’t do that    that ’s an indication he has all documents, all presidential tapes    hide , " Lichtman    added Lichtman   ’ ’    Lichtman Lichtman said that Republicans have been " cagey " so Lichtman . ’ ’    " But Lichtman ’s like a dam , ’ ’    . Lichtman There’ ’s It’ little bit of a    trickle at first , and then eventually the dam bursts and there is    a tide Lichtman " ’ ’    The case is " becoming too compelling for even Republicans ’ ’    an impeachment inquiry a dam which they may be tempted to use    " to get to the bottom of the many controversies swirling around    this administration ,    he later added .   ’ ’ even Republicans " Otherwise it’ ’s going to be drip , drip , drip ’ ’    not good   — It’    for Republicans , "    said . ’ ’    Deitz agreed and compared the current situation to the    buildup to Watergate . ’ ’    lined up behind Nixon    before the really damaging stuff broke Lichtman " he Watergate . " When it came    out that he may have abused his power or broken the law ,    Republicans fled from him like rats from a ship . "   ’ Nixon       " We got to wait and see whether Nixon    Republican dam is Nixon    to    burst , " Lichtman said .   ’ Nixon    It ’s been a tumultuous two weeks for the White . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Lichtman    