’   ’ ’    Just before the 1st Marine Division advanced on the Iraqi city of    Nasiriyah on March 23 , 2003 , Maj . Gen. James Mattis pinned a star    onto each collar of Gen. James Mattis assistant division commander , Col . John    F. Kelly . Gen. James Mattis was now a brigadier general , and the first to be    promoted on the battlefield since the Korean War . ’ ’    Not far from there , another colonel in the unit named Joe Dunford    was leading another colonel in the unit named Joe Dunford    regimental combat team . ’ "    By the end of the campaign , they had fought together in places    like Nasiriyah , Al Kut , and eventually Baghdad . The division they    were in   —    along with the US Army and UK armored elements   —      carried out one of the most aggressive ,    attacks in    history , and 1st Marine Division ’s ground march was the longest    in the   for which       earned the Presidential Unit Citation . " ’    Those three officers went on to become    generals . Mattis    retired in 2013 as the commander of Central Command , while Kelly    retired as commander of US Southern Command in 2016 . Dunford    became commandant of the Marine Corps , and eventually chairman of    the Joint Chiefs of Staff , where Dunford    remains . ’ "    All three remain good friends . And if    Donald    Trump ’s picks for Trump Cabinet are all confirmed , his Cabinet are all confirmed ’ll once    again be serving together   —    only this time , it ’ll be in the White    House . " ’   ’ ’    Mattis has often been praised by senior leaders at the Pentagon    as both a strategic thinker with an encyclopedic knowledge of    history and an incredible leader . Mattis legendary status among    Marines mainly originated from Mattis command of 1st Marine    Division , where Mattis popularized its motto , " No better friend , no    worse enemy . " ’ ’    The     retired general is the only pick that has a legal    roadblock in front of The    retired general . A 1947 law , updated in 2008 , requires    military officers to be out of uniform for at least seven years    before leading the Pentagon . Mattis   which Republicans have already signaled    support for . ’ ’    When asked recently if The    retired general was concerned by Mattis   as Trump’ ’s    pick , Gen. Joe Dunford just said , " . " ’ ’    If confirmed , Mattis   would replace Defense Secretary Ash Carter ,    who supports Mattis   and called Defense Secretary Ash Carter " . " ’ ’   ’ "    John Kelly just accepted Trump ’s request for   John Kelly to serve as the    head of the Department of Homeland Security , . " ’    Like Mattis ,   John Kelly is a blunt speaker who opposes the closure of the    detention facility at Guantanamo Bay . ’ ’    " What tends to bother " ’   Like Mattis, he is a blunt speaker who opposes the closure of the   detention facility at Guantanamo Bay is the fact that we’’re holding " ’   Like Mattis, he is a blunt speaker who opposes the closure of the   detention facility at Guantanamo Bay    there indefinitely without trial . . .. It’ ’s not the point that    it’ ’s Gitmo , " It’   earlier this year . " If we    send them , say , to a facility in the US , we’’re still holding them    without trial . " ’ ’    Kelly is also the most    military official to lose a    child in combat since   . His son , Lt . Robert Kelly , was killed    by   in Afghanistan in 2010 . ’ ’    If confirmed , Kelly would Kelly Jeh Johnson . ’ ’   ’ ’    Joe Dunford is the last of the three generals who is still in    uniform    He served Joe Dunford as commandant of the Marine Corps    before President Barack Obama nominated him as Joe Dunford chairman of    the Joint Chiefs in May 2015 . He earned Joe Dunford nickname " Fighting    Joe " during his time Joe Dunford 1st Marine Division . ’ "    Dunford has been in the Marine Corps for 39 years , less than    Mattis’ 44 years and Kelly ’s 45 . His chairmanship   Dunford is    scheduled to run through 2017 . Though the Joint Chiefs are not    part of the president ’s Cabinet , they are the Joint Chiefs by   —    and     to   —    the    president . " "    Trump is likely to replace many of Obama ’s appointees , but    Dunford may not be one of them .   Dunford "    Typically , Joint Chiefs the Joint Chiefs two terms , and having    comrades like Mattis and Kelly in Dunford ’s corner   Dunford it     for Trump to replace Trump . " Trump    Trump has floated Trump generals and admirals for his Cabinet , Trump including Gen. David Petraeus for secretary of state and Adm.    Michael Rogers for director of national intelligence . Michael    Flynn ,   for national security adviser , is a    retired lieutenant general who headed the Defense Intelligence    Agency . ’ "    These choices do n’t come without pushback . Some , like Phillip    Carter , a former Army officer with the Center for a New American    Security , have argued that Trump ’s reliance on retired military    brass for traditionally    organizations . " 
 