  ( CNN ) CNN Opinion is curating tweets and posting comments from our contributors on the first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump .    Commentary from Paul Begala , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign must be thrilled with the discussion of race .   Donald Trump floundered around on the birther issue , which many Americans find racist .   Then , when Lester Holt tried to broaden the conversation , and asked Donald Trump , " What do you say to people of color ? ... " Donald Trump interrupted and said , " I say nothing . "   Uggh .    When Hillary Clinton was asked to respond to Donald Trump meandering mendacity on race , Hillary Clinton said , " Just listed to what you heard . "   The audience loved it .   A little levity , a little ridicule .   Very effective . Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political commentator , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton ’s presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton Bill Clinton’s the White House , Commentary from Roxanne Jones : Hillary , bad answer on police bias . Why say , " implicit bias " is a problem for everyone , not just police . It ’s too much like " all lives matter . " What a cop out , ca n’t she Hillary say : Yes , I believe some police officers do have an implicit bias against black   brown people . We see that every day not only in the percentages of black people who are shot and killed by police , but in arrest rates and incarceration rates .   Roxanne Jones , a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , has worked as a producer and as a reporter at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer .   Commentary from Frida Ghitis : Hillary is holding back for fear of coming across as pushy . But she Hillary letting Trump get away with lies and distortions . Needs to punch harder .   Frida Frida Ghitis a world affairs columnist for The Miami Herald and World Politics Review , and a former CNN producer and correspondent .    Commentary from Ruth Ben Ghiat , Civility went south fast in this debate . Trump lost Trump quickly , talking over Clinton , ranting , and warning he will Trump to Pennsylvania Avenue no matter what , as though owning a hotel is the same as being POTUS . Holt doing great job under the circumstances .   Ruth    is a professor of history and Italian studies at New York University . Commentary from Roxanne Jones ,    While working at ESPN , the culture was the " loudest person in the room was right . " Of course , in a room full of men , women were often at a disadvantage . Like Trump , they yelled out cliches , slogans and sports talk that meant nothing . But it worked sports talk at least for the short term . Hillary has to be a loudmouth , at times . Unfortunately , it works sports talk TV , Roxanne Jones , a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , has worked as a producer and as a reporter at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer .   Commentary from Lanhee Chen , There is a fundamental contrast that has driven this race     the insider vs. the outsider .   Trump has , so far , used that contrast to his advantage Trump   He has Trump that this electorate appears to be fed up with " typical " or " establishment " politicians .   He has Trump invoked the charge that Clinton is a typical politician who has accomplished nothing during her long Clinton in politics and public service .   He has Trump people over and over again that she has Clinton in the public eye for a long time ( 30 years , he says Trump . This framing fundamentally advantages him in Trump race where people , according to recent polling , seem to be calling for change . Lanhee J. Chen is a CNN Political Commentator . He was Lanhee J. Chen Policy Director on the    2012 campaign and served as Governor Mitt Romney ’s chief policy adviser . Commentary from Paul Begala , A dial group sponsored by Women ’s   ’s Votes is instructive .   The line representing unmarried women dropping precipitously when Donald Trump interrupts and talks over Hillary Clinton . Trump , Donald Trump least at the beginning of the debate , seems intent upon showing strength .   But strength can cross a line into bullying .   Ronald Reagan showed strength , but never bullied like this on a debate stage .   This will not help Trump close Donald Trump gender gap . Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political commentator , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton ’s presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in Bill Clinton’s White House , Commentary from Roxanne Jones , Hillary should not try to stand on the accomplishments of her husband Hillary Mentioning NAFTA was a mistake . Stay in the future and tell us what she wants Hillary do for the American . She also Hillary to interrupt more . Stop being so polite ! Once he stops her husband his hands her husband Trump takes over the debate .   Roxanne Jones , a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , has worked as a producer and as a reporter at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer .   Commentary from Roxanne Jones , " Jobs are fleeing the country , " Trump says Trump He is Trump , but it ’s Trump to say that he also Trump shipping jobs overseas in his own Trump ( Trump ties Trump for example . ) How can we believe him , Trump he does Trump acknowledge his own Trump practices . It would be more honest for him to Trump that he does Trump want to do business in the US either because it ’s not profitable for him . Trump Jones , a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , has worked as a producer and as a reporter at the New York Daily News and The Philadelphia Inquirer .   Commentary from Lanhee Chen , This debate , so far , is playing to Hillary Clinton ’s strengths . The focus is on policy and the records of the candidates , which she has adeptly addressed in previous debates .   Clinton is Hillary Clinton’s substantive contrasts so far , while targeting her rhetoric Hillary Clinton’s at independent ,    voters .    Lanhee J. Chen is a CNN Political Commentator . He was Lanhee J. Chen Policy Director on the    2012 campaign and served as Governor Mitt Romney ’s chief policy adviser . Commentary from Julian Zelizer , Lester Holt is the third candidate on the stage . Many people watching him to Lester Holt how the media handles Trump . Julian Zelizer Julian Zelizer professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow . Commentary from Mel Robbins , This debate wo n’t change a thing . .. there are two types of voters in this election those that vote on facts and those that vote on feel .   I highly doubt this debate is This debate sway anyone from the feel to the fact or the fact to the feel camp . Mel Robbins is Mel Robbins legal analyst .    Commentary from S. E. Cupp   The way I see it , Trump and Clinton have singular jobs tonight , and this is what I ’ll be looking for in terms of " who won " :   She has to make him Clinton dumb . For   , it will matter less that he ’s a bully or   liar . She has issues with trust Clinton too . What will scare them is how unprepared he is . Every chance   gets to point this Clinton will rack up her score .   For Clinton , he has to   one   home : she is more of the Clinton . Undecideds know her character flaws . What Clinton move them is concern that she Undecideds n’t bring any Clinton change , because she just does n’t get Clinton . He can score points by   this over and over .   Everything else will be noise     entertaining noise     but unlikely to move voters . S. E. Cupp is a CNN political commentator , regularly appearing across the network ’s programming and special political coverage . 
 