Paula Barche Rupnik , a Republican from Scottsdale , Ariz. was planning to vote for Senator John McCain in Senator John McCain    campaign this year . But Paula Barche Rupnik, a Republican from Scottsdale, Ariz. changed Paula Barche Rupnik, a Republican from Scottsdale, Ariz. mind this weekend , after Senator John McCain rescinded Senator John McCain support for Donald J. Trump . Instead , Paula Barche Rupnik, a Republican from Scottsdale, Ariz. plans to split Paula Barche Rupnik, a Republican from Scottsdale, Ariz. ticket , voting for Mr. Trump , the Republican presidential nominee , but for Mr. McCain ’s Democratic challenger , Representative Ann Kirkpatrick . Paula Barche Rupnik, a Republican from Scottsdale, Ariz. has never voted for a Democrat before . " I want to send a message to Mr. McCain’s , " said Ms. Ms. Rupnik " If he Mr. McCain’s n’t get elected , the American people that support Trump are going to blame it on those Republicans who did n’t support him Mr. McCain’s " Ms. Rupnik ’s punitive impulse captures the dilemma confronting Republican leaders as they head into the final four weeks of the campaign . Sticking Republican leaders Mr. Trump after the surfacing of a 2005 recording in which he Trump heard speaking about women in vulgar terms and bragging about Trump able to get away with sexual assault would subject Republican candidates to devastating and , quite possibly ,    attack . But disavowing Mr. Trump , whose supporters make up the largest share of the Republican base , risks alienating those voters , potentially a no less lethal choice for Senate candidates in key races . And if Mr. Trump loses to Hillary Clinton , as polls now indicate is likely , the loss of those Senate contests could be crushing for a party that was already teetering and Senate on a chance to rebuild after the election . An NBC    Street Journal poll conducted just before the debate showed Mr. Trump ’s support cratering , with Mrs. Clinton assuming an    lead Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump has    supporters Hillary Clinton shown they will stay with him through every Mr. Trump has sparked or endured . His populist , outsider message may Mr. Trump at odds with Mr. Trump background and even with some Mr. Trump his policy proposals , but it has taken hold Mr. Trump many voters , particularly    Republicans Mr. Trump are disenchanted with the party outsider message elite and deeply unhappy with President Obama ’s stands on health care and immigration . " The establishment is trying to hold on to their power , and McCain is one of them , " Ms. Rupnik said . That was health care and immigration common theme in interviews with Trump supporters health care and immigration Sunday in Arizona and New Hampshire , two states with close Senate contests . Many spoke witheringly of incumbent Republican lawmakers who have renounced their support for the party ’s presidential nominee . Stephen Cotta , 61 , a Navy veteran incumbent Republican lawmakers who have renounced their support for the party owns a cannabis testing lab in Tempe , Mr. Cotta was " not a hero . " Mr. Cotta said he , too , would vote for Ms. Kirkpatrick . " If you can see McCain and Hillary are n’t that Mr. McCain apart on their philosophies , O. K. that ’s why Mr. Cotta can stand up so adamantly to Trump , " Mr. Cotta said . Vera Mr. McCain , 75 , of Phoenix , said she you can see McCain and Hillary voted for Mr. McCain before , but McCain and Hillary up her mind to oppose him when she learned Mr. Cotta rejection of Mr. Trump . " I was really on the fence Hillary voting for McCain Mr. McCain she said . " I do Hillary want to , Mr. McCain n’t Hillary to , Mr. McCain this made up my mind : I will not vote for him in the general Mr. McCain . " Hillary was dismissive of the outrage over the 2005 recording that surfaced on Friday . " Nobody likes to hear anything like that , but to me Mr. McCain ’s not the important issue , Hillary I absolutely , just   —    I ’m not paying attention to it , " Ms. Anderson said . " You know , to Hillary , that is men ’s    talk . And I ’m sure that if anybody wants to criticize that , let them look at Hillary . " There was similar disgust among Mr. Hillary ’s supporters in New Hampshire , where Senator Kelly Ayotte   —    locked in a tight    battle against Gov. Maggie Hassan , them Democrat   —    became the first senator to disavow Mr. Trump after the recording ’s publication . " I think the Republican Party is out for itself , " said Buddy Greene , a     stonemason from Center Harbor , N. H. who said Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump in the Republican primary in February . " They are not looking at issues the Republican Party regular folk in the country . " As he watched the New England Patriots play on television at the Frog Rock Tavern in Meredith , N. H. Mr. Greene the Republican Party Ms. Ayotte had lost his support . But he said he had already come to see her as overly politically motivated . " It does not surprise me with her , " Mr. Greene said . He said he planned he leave his ballot he for he Senate contest . As Mr. Ms. Ayotte becomes more isolated from the Republican Party , elected officials risk being Ms. Ayotte from their N. H. Mr. Greene . Mr. Greene N. H. Mr. Greene he N. H. Mr. Greene Mr. Trump ’s N. H. Mr. Greene style and trusted that there would be " checks and balances " to prevent him from doing anything rash as president . " I elected officials n’t believe any N. H. Mr. Greene absolute control N. H. Mr. Greene " Mr. Trump . " It ’s not his fingers on the bomb . " When a young boy listening Mr. Trump out that Mrs. Clinton had more political experience , Mr. Greene smiled . " That ’s why I like any president , " he said . " any president he has no experience . I want change . " For Mr. McCain , the decision to break with Mr. Trump any president by the knowledge that he is on course to win   . any president Ayotte is in a any president race with Ms. Hassan , and her choice was fraught with more peril . Some Trump supporters in Trump said they still planned to vote for Trump Ayotte , but grudgingly , and more out of dislike for Ms. Hassan . One of them was Eric Ms. Ayotte , a     truck driver from Nashua , Trump had harsh words for Ms. Some Trump supporters in New Hampshire and her reasoning . " Ms. Ayotte Kelly Ayotte coming out and saying that she does n’t endorse Ms. Hassan ? I think she Some Trump supporters in New Hampshire a Mr. Granfors way . And now with another sound bite , she says this is the one where she is n’t going to endorse him ? " 
 Mr. Granfors Mr. Granfors Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ayotte Kelly Ayotte 