  ( CNN ) Colin Kaepernick made a statement on Sunday . Unfortunately for Colin Kaepernick , a statement was not , " We won the game . " For Colin Kaepernick first start in almost a year , the San Francisco 49ers quarterback showed up in a    with a photo of Muhammad Ali on the front . Before the the game he knelt Muhammad Ali one knee for the pregame national anthem .   The Buffalo Bills fans had their replies The Buffalo Bills fans .   Before the anthem the pregame national anthem crowd chanted The Buffalo Bills fans ! USA ! " When Kaepernick jogged onto New Era Field in Orchard Park , New York , for his first snap , Kaepernick crowd greeted him The Buffalo Bills fans     and Kaepernick just because he played for the Bills’ Kaepernick . Such is the life of a lightning rod . In the end , Kaepernick and his teammates were Kaepernick    Kaepernick a game that was about something besides football .   Kaepernick is one of the Kaepernick famous athletes in the United States . Time magazine put him on the cover . Kaepernick ’s No . 7 Kaepernick has become the NFL ’s top seller . It ’s all because during No. 7 jersey 2016 preseason he began sitting     then Kaepernick kneeling     during the US national anthem , saying he did n’t want to Kaepernick show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color . " His protest thrust the Black Kaepernick Matter movement , which has mobilized nationwide protests and other civil actions against alleged police mistreatment of    firmly into the NFL and started a national debate . Was Kaepernick insulting Old Glory or     by taking a knee     using his First Amendment rights to stand up for the black community ?   It was a lot of attention for someone who was n’t doing so great on the field . Once a hero for leading the 49ers to a Super Bowl , Kaepernick had been relegated to a bench warmer this season .   That changed Sunday . After weeks of watching quarterback Blaine Gabbert struggle , coach Charles " Chip " Kelly called on Kaepernick to start against the Kaepernick . ’Needs to show respect’ The Buffalo fans     pro and con     were ready . A guy sold    outside the stadium with a photo of Kaepernick in a rifle scope Kaepernick crosshairs , the New York Post reported . Somebody created a Kaepernick tackling dummy that fans Kaepernick turns plowing into , the Post said . " the New York Post Kaepernick comes in to Kaepernick , he needs to show respect , Kaepernick C. J. Zimmerman told CNN affiliate WIVB . He led a movement for fans inside " C. J. Zimmerman stadium to sing the national anthem . But not everybody was against Kaepernick . A group called Just Kaepernick gathered outside the stadium and took a knee when the stadium anthem was played to show their the national anthem , WIVB reported . " Kaepernick A group called Just Resisting against CNN affiliate WIVB , " one of their signs said . Kaepernick could have used some help A group called Just Resisting the field . He completed 13 of 29 passes Kaepernick one touchdown and ran eight times for 66 yards in the loss . The 49ers , now    certainly hoped for more from the star . Of course , Kaepernick has n’t started a game Kaepernick November 1 , 2015 . Last season he had a    record as Kaepernick starter under former coach Jim Tomsula    being benched in favor of Gabbert . Kaepernick was later placed on    Kaepernick reserve with a left shoulder injury . Criticized by Trump , He ’s not the first athlete Kaepernick call attention to racial injustice . In fact , American Olympians John Carlos and Tommie Smith famously raised their fists in a black power salute at the Summer American Olympians John Carlos and Tommie Smith on October 16 , 1968     48 years ago . Kaepernick , who is biracial , started kneeling during the national anthem in preseason games to raise awareness about racial issues . Death threats poured in . " It ’s to protest the injustices that are happening in America , the oppression that is happening in America , and these things need to be addressed on America different levels , " Kaepernick said . Then other athletes     from elementary schools to professional sports teams     began following his lead . Because it ’s a political year , his stance became enmeshed It politics .   Donald Trump his him . President Obama supported him . Supreme Court Justice his Bader Ginsburg said his his was " really dumb , " then backed Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg her statement .   Kaepernick has not wilted under the Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . He sounded off a time or two himself , as Kaepernick he called Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton " proven Kaepernick . " To people who say he ’s unpatriotic , Kaepernick replies : " I ’m Kaepernick   . I Kaepernick America . I love people . That ’s why I ’m doing this . I want to help make America ’m . " But this is pro football . America he make the 49ers this ? That question may be Kaepernick next week when San Francisco plays the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at home . 
 