DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP )   —    If the Republican Party is on the verge of an implosion , Sarah Palin may have been the one who lit the fuse . [ Sarah Palin complicated relationship with GOP leaders over the past eight years is a microcosm of the Republican Party ’s broader struggles with its the Republican Party restive members . What started with an embrace by party leaders evolved into wary tolerance , followed by a potentially irreparable split .   So it ’s perhaps little surprise that Palin is Sarah Palin on the national political scene at this moment of reckoning for Republicans . While she ’s Sarah Palin the conservative kingmaker she once Sarah Palin , Palin remains Sarah Palin favorite of the tea party insurgency , and her endorsement Sarah Palin Donald Trump for the 2016 GOP nomination gives him an Donald Trump boost of conservative ,    credibility . " He ’s Donald Trump going rogue left and right , " Palin said Sarah Palin , with a beaming Trump standing by her side Sarah Palin " He ’s Donald Trump able to tear the veil off this idea of the system . " Mainstream Republicans have tried for the past several years to keep their system Mainstream Republicans by bringing lawmakers elected as disrupters into the fold rather than pushing them aside Mainstream Republicans It ’s a strategy that succeeded in winning the party the House in 2010 and the Senate in 2014 , but it did It to achieve such conservative goals as overturning President Barack Obama ’s health care law or blocking increases in the nation ’s debt ceiling . Now , the GOP system is cracking , leaving some in the establishment feeling they would some the outsiders in a party helmed by Trump   —    or by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , a frequent tormentor of Republican leaders who is a strong contender for the nomination . " I thought I was a traditional Republican conservative , " says Bob Dole , the 1996 Republican presidential nominee who represented deep red Kansas in Congress for decades . Dole has Bob Dole an especially vocal critic of Cruz , who has blamed Republican failures in presidential contests on the party ’s tendency to elect mainstream candidates like the longtime Kansas senator Kansas However , Dole suggested Bob Dole an interview Wednesday that he might Bob Dole able to make peace with a Trump presidency , saying the businessman ’s reputation as a " dealmaker " could mean he ’s Bob Dole to work with Congress . Palin ’s endorsement of Trump is Trump as a knock against Cruz , who has been on the rise in Iowa for several weeks . She campaigned Palin Cruz when he ran Bob Dole the Senate in 2012 , and he ’s Bob Dole her support Palin instrumental in his victory Bob Dole For all of her firebrand Palin , Palin owes Palin place Palin the national stage to the mainstream Republican Party . She was Palin    Alaska governor when Sen. John McCain   —    seen by some Republicans as an embodiment of the party establishment   —    tapped her as Palin running mate for the 2008 election . Palin was Palin awkward fit as No . 2 on the ticket , but she built Palin enthusiastic following with conservatives . She blended Palin neatly into the tea party movement that blossomed during the first years of Obama ’s presidency and flirted with a White House run of her own Palin 2012 before concentrating on political punditry and reality television . Now it ’s Trump and Cruz who are pushing the    movement further than she ever Palin . With less than two weeks before the Iowa caucuses kick off the nominating process , strong showings by the billionaire and the senator could turn the Republican race into a    contest . To be sure , a slew of politically experienced rivals are still hoping to blunt Trump ’s Trump and Cruz Cruz ’s Cruz once voting begins . But for now , more mainstream voters are dividing their support more mainstream voters Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , former Florida Gov. Florida Bush , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , making it difficult for any one of them to more mainstream voters a strong challenge . In most recent elections , Republicans have tended to nominate    candidates who were seen as having the best prospects in the general election . Even after the 2010 tea party takeover in the House , the GOP nominated Mitt Romney   —    the former governor of moderate Massachusetts   —    in the 2012 presidential race . Four years later , many Republican voters not only believe that nominating a centrist would cost them another many Republican voters at the White the House they also are deeply many Republican voters that an establishment GOP president would follow the GOP on their priorities . " many Republican voters ’m so sick of the Republicans , " said Scott Doremus , a retired commercial airplane pilot from Wolfeboro , New Hampshire , who is supporting Cruz . " Republicans have become just like Democrats . " Debbie Marmon , a Trump supporter from Norwalk , Iowa , said of the GOP nominating process : " Sometimes you need radical to beat radical . " " You ca n’t be a wuss , and I ’m tired of wusses in this country , " said Marmon , who attended a rally with Trump in her hometown Trump . Trump They need to stand for something or we ’ll fall for anything . " _ _ _ , AP writers Scott Bauer in North Conway , New Hampshire , and Jill Colvin in Norwalk , Iowa , contributed to this report . 
 