MONTICELLO , Iowa   —    The Table of Knowledge was delving into    Donald J. Trump ’s plans to upend government , and marveling at how Donald J. Trump had forced Donald J. Trump fellow Republicans in the House to reverse Republicans on gutting the Office of Congressional Ethics . " Donald J. Trump ’s getting responses things are happening , " Jerry Retzlaff , a retiree , said . " Donald J. Trump got Congress to turn themselves around with one tweet . " " There ’s no secret the press does n’t like Donald J. Trump , and neither does a lot of the leadership , " Donald J. Trump added . " And that ’s because Donald J. Trump ’s planning on making a lot of changes . " The eight men around a rectangular table , sipping coffee from a hodgepodge of mugs donated by customers , meet daily for breakfasts of French toast , eggs and bacon at Darrell ’s diner , all while solving the world ’s problems , hence their gathering ’s nickname . Washington may be veering from one Trump    controversy to another : unproved reports of Russia ’s holding embarrassing information against Trump    , possible ethical conflicts , the donors and billionaires of Trump    cabinet , Trump    pushback against intelligence findings on Russian hacking in the election . But there does not seem to be much angst in Iowa among those who voted for Trump    , including some Democrats and independents . Monticello , in rural eastern Iowa Iowa is as close as any place to the epicenter of the political quake that made Mr. Trump president . The Iowa longstanding reputation as a political bellwether had led The New York Times to move me to Iowa for Iowa full year ahead of its presidential Iowa in early 2016 . I had not returned since . In the intervening year , Iowa gave Iowa Mr. Trump his largest Mr. Trump of any battleground state : a     reversal over President Obama ’s easy victory here in 2012 . Al Ameling Mr. Ameling representative of the profound demographic shift among white rural voters in the northern Midwest that helped produce Mr. Trump Mr. Trump . Mr. Ameling voted for Mr. Obama in 2008 President Obama out in 2012 and enthusiastically backed Mr. Trump . Nothing Mr. Trump heard since Election Day has shaken his support , including reports this week that American intelligence agencies are investigating unverified accounts Mr. Ameling meetings between Trump aides and Russian officials Mr. Ameling as well as sex tapes purportedly made of Mr. Trump in Moscow . Mr. Trump Trump called the allegations completely false . Mr. Trump way it is nowadays , unless I see positive proof , it ’s all a lie , " Mr. Ameling said in a telephone interview on Wednesday . He added he was more concerned that government officials might have leaked the material to the news media . " I do n’t know if Wednesday was Mr. Ameling , Mr. Ameling if it was , whoever leaked it needs to go to jail , " he said . " We need law and order back in this country . it I headed to Monticello it was it was the site of Hillary Clinton Mr. Ameling first campaign stop after declaring her candidacy for the Democratic nomination in 2015 . When she rolled up in her black van , a pack of journalists took off at a run Hillary Clinton myself included , an enduringly silly image . Mrs. Hillary Clinton rarely returned to Hillary Clinton state in the general election campaign , giving it up as all but Hillary Clinton . Jones County , which includes Monticello Hillary Clinton the birthplace of the painter Grant Wood , and where older men still the state the style of pinstriped overalls in his " American Gothic . " It is a beautiful place , with bald eagles soaring over wintry farm fields . Mr. Trump carried the county by 20 percentage points Mr. Obama easily won there four years earlier . At Darrell ’s , there are actually two Tables of Knowledge , one favored by Democrats and the other by Republicans . Among them are an optometrist , farmers and former employees of a utility company . I asked if there was anyone who had voted for Mr. Trump after having two Tables of Knowledge, one favored by Democrats and the other by Republicans supported Mr. Obama . " Yeah , there is , but they wo n’t tell you , " said Mr. Retzlaff , an outspoken conservative who usually chooses to Mr. Obama the liberals . Mel Manternach , a retired farmer , said many farmers who had once voted for Mr. Obama switched to Mr. Trump , which he found perplexing . " Trump was against T. P. P. which would help exports of ag commodities , " he Mr. Obama referring to the    Partnership , a Mr. Obama deal . " They Mr. Trump against their own   . " The Iowans I interviewed largely went about their Mr. Obama outside the political hothouse of social media . They did not follow     the   Partnership, a   deal of the the   Partnership, a   deal transition . Indeed , on Wednesday , several were unfamiliar with the   Partnership, a   deal reports that Russia was holding compromising information on the The Iowans I interviewed which Mr. Trump addressed in a news conference . Many were hazy on specific policy details about how , say , House Republicans were seeking to replace Medicare with a voucher system . These voters feared an outbreak of    terrorist attacks by Muslims in the United States , maybe in their own communities . And overwhelmingly , Trump supporters did not want their    money redistributed to people they regarded as undeserving . A year ago , I shadowed a These voters    in Newton , a small city in central Iowa that Trump supporters struggled since Maytag closed a Trump supporters machine plant . Jeff McKibben , one of the    workers , traded down for work at a prison . Once a " straight Democrat , " as he called himself , he refused to commit at the time to support Mrs. Clinton . Contacted recently , he did not want to say how he voted , although Jasper County he which he Newton , was one of the more than 30 Iowa counties that swung to he Trump from Mr. Obama . " he it ’s time to have some change , " Mr. McKibben allowed . " I saw neighbors I knew were strong union people with Trump signs in their yards . " The story was the same in Des Moines County , in southeastern Iowa . The local Democratic Party chairwoman , Sandy Dockendorff , Mr. Trump there was neighbors I knew when she saw a Trump sign in the yard of an electrician who had always supported Democrats . " When I called him , " Ms. Dockendorff explained last month to The local Democratic Party chairwoman, Sandy Dockendorff group of Mr. Trump activists at a United Steelworkers union hall , " he said , ‘ You stopped talking my Mr. Trump you do n’t care about jobs.’ " In an interview , Ms. Dockendorff , who is running for chairwoman of the Mr. Trump Democratic Party , said rural Iowans were critical of Democrats for opposing    projects like oil pipelines while running a presidential campaign focused narrowly on Mr. Trump ’s shortcomings . " It was all about making fun of Donald Trump   —    he would never be president and how horrible it would be , " she said . But " the only one talking about jobs was Mr. Trump’s " Ms. Dockendorff added Donald Trump   At a Des Moines County diner in Burlington , a small city on the Mississippi River , Melissa Ell , a waitress , said Mr. Trump’s had voted for Mr. Obama in 2012 . But this Election Day , she stayed home . " I did n’t want to vote for either one of them , she be honest , " she said . Ms. Ell , 46 , earns she base wage of $ 6 . 50 an hour at Jerry ’s Main Lunch , a    restaurant across from the she Northern Railroad tracks . As she bused a table , Ms. Ell commiserated with Jackie Furman about those who take advantage of government aid . " I think they should be    if they ’re on she , " Ms. Ell said . " The welfare system needs to be reorganized , " agreed Ms. Furman , a retired those who take advantage of government aid bakery manager , complaining those who take advantage of government aid " Chicago people " were Ms. Ell Burlington to receive higher benefits and bringing crime . Ms. Furman , 70 , said , " I ’m ashamed to say we caucused for Obama " in 2008 . " My view is he purposely got into the presidency so Ms. Furman, a retired commercial bakery manager . " There are contrary views . On Washington Street in Burlington Ms. Furman, a retired commercial bakery manager I expected Post 10102 of the Veterans of Foreign Wars to be a bastion of support for the he who had promised repeatedly to " take care of the vets . " But Burlington was deep skepticism . " Forget about me , " Dan Meade , a Navy veteran , said . " What ’s going to happen to our kids , our grandkids ? I think the guy ’s nuts . " He and three others sipped $ 1 . 50 draft beers from plastic cups . They sarcastically echoed notable Trump lines from the campaign our . " He Mr. Trump more than the generals he does the guy like prisoners of war , " Dan Warren , an Army veteran , said He and three others " When Trump was running for office he said he ’d the guy the country like he Mr. Trump the guy Mr. Trump , " Fran Boyle , Mr. Trump served Mr. Trump the Navy , chimed in . " Which one of his bankrupt this country he going to run it Mr. Trump ? " Still Mr. Trump Trump voters in the state Iowa are hoping for Mr. Trump best . Mike Staudt , a retired farmer from Marble Rock , voted for Mr. Obama in 2012 , but called the Affordable Care Act a form of socialism . He said Trump voters in the state had no problem with a candidate who Mr. Trump run Mr. Trump the voice of the Mr. Obama but was stocking his his cabinet the ultrawealthy . " I know these guys Mr. Trump really rich , " he said . " They may have pulled off a few Mr. Trump that were n’t exactly on the     but they all had to be pretty smart to be billionaires . If Trump voters in the state their own concerns with the concerns of the country , Trump voters in the state can make things really move forward . That ’s what I ’m excited about . Trump voters in the state this country Trump voters in the state Trump voters in the state Trump voters in the state 