  ( CNN ) Margot Gerster , who ran into Hillary Clinton on a hike just a day after Hillary Clinton conceded the race , encountered a presidential nominee seemingly at peace and at grace , Gerster said Thursday . In an image posted to Facebook , Clinton , who lives in Chappaqua , New York , can be seen smiling with White Plains resident Gerster , who was hiking with Hillary Clinton daughter ,     Phoebe , and their dog , Piper . The photo was snapped by former President Bill Clinton , who was there as well . It is the first time the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee has been seen outside the election bubble since the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee conceded the race to Donald Trump early Wednesday . " the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee seemed as well as anybody could be expected after such a crazy , crazy experience , " Gerster recollected to CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront " Thursday . " the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee could n’t have seemed any nicer or , you know , kinder and gracious to me . " Gerster said the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee was trekking a path the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee hikes every day when the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee found the former first couple and immediately flashed an " awkward , huge grinning smile "     or , as the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee put it , " . " Gerster told Clinton about how proud the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee was to vote for the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee , and how the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee very much wanted to hug Clinton after Election Day , which the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee did on Thursday . " the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee was taking a nice , peaceful hike through the woods . I do n’t think the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee wanted to talk serious politics , " Gerster said . Gerster told CNN earlier on Thursday that the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee posted the photograph to " make people smile . " " It was a very dark day yesterday , I just feel like the fact I ran into Hillary while I was trying to clear my head , was sort of like a hopeful sign , " the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee said . " I hope the picture brings hope to people who need the picture . " 
 