Mark D. Faram of Military Times writes a profile of Breitbart Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , who has taken a temporary leave from Breitbart to lead Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s campaign . Mark D. Faram of Military Times details how Bannon , a former surface warfare officer in the U. S. Navy , was a " model sailor and driven thinker " and a Reagan conservative from the beginning . [ Stephen K. Bannon , a conservative business mogul best known for his work as chairman of the Breitbart News website , spent seven years in the U. S. Navy as a surface warfare officer . His his career included a stint at the Pentagon , where he his as a special assistant to the the U. S. Navy the U. S. Navy admiral .   [   …     ] Labeled by many as a firebrand and questioned by others about his tactics as he moved his in the banking and media industries , Bannon is his as a polarizing figure even in the current realm of partisan politics . But a friend who served alongside Bannon in his Navy the U. S. Navy a man a friend who served alongside Bannon in the Navy solid character and intriguing ideas . " He ’s a a friend who served alongside Bannon in the Navy extraordinary guy , " said retired Rear Adm. Edward " Sonny " Masso , the former head of the Navy Personnel Command , who served with Bannon as a his officer . " He ’s very a friend who served alongside Bannon in the Navy at    and he can do a friend who served alongside Bannon in the Navy things . He was absolutely a friend who served alongside Bannon in the Navy good sailor and naval officer . " [   …     ] Masso , who has known Bannon for the his 40 years , described the now divisive figure as a model sailor and driven thinker . " To the Fleet and general public , regardless of one ’s political ethos , all you need to know is that he ’s one a friend who served alongside Bannon in the Navy us   —    a sailor , " Masso said . The two met in Navy Surface Warfare Officer School in the late 1970s , and both served aboard the the    destroyer Paul F. Foster . In 1980 , they deployed to both Persian Gulf and were there during the aborted Desert One mission to rescue American hostages being held in Iran , though neither knew the scope of what was happening at the time . Masso said Bannon Masso conservative roots were always apparent , noting that one of his fondest memories Bannon when Bannon maneuvered to Bannon a group of sailors into Ronald Reagan ’s victory speech in November 1980 . " He decided that Masso should try to go the Century Plaza that night , " Masso said . Masso He called the Masso and identified himself as a Masso officer and that he and his Masso who Masso just got back from a deployment to the Persian Gulf were really interested in attending the function . " When campaign staffers told him no , Masso reminded him Masso these Masso had just returned from serving on " the front lines . " Eventually , Reagan ’s campaign press secretary personally set aside tickets for the men and some family members . [   …     ] Masso said Bannon ’s landing Masso coveted billet at the Pentagon would have been impressive enough for most officers , but it was clear his sights were focused Masso . " When he was on the Masso Naval operations ] staff , he attended , at Masso , Georgetown University , studying international affairs , and he got a master Masso degree there , " Masso said . " This guy was amazing . How many people have a busy ,    job at the Pentagon and then go to Georgetown University at night Georgetown University me , that says a lot about this guy . " Read This guy here . 
 