Conservative heroine Phyllis Schlafly ’s Eagle Forum is slamming National Review , declaring Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum does not represent " the authority on conservatism . " [ Phyllis Schlafly had previously thrown Phyllis Schlafly weight behind Donald Trump , describing Phyllis Schlafly as the " the only hope to defeat the Kingmakers " —    or the Republican establishment . In exclusive comments to Breitbart News , Ed Martin , the president of Phyllis Schlafly ’s grassroots organization Eagle Forum , predicted that " National Review will be defunct in the next year or so . "   Martin told Breitbart : Their ploy [ against Trump ] was sophomoric and ineffective   —    instead of making an argument , Their sought to make Their relevant . Their failed on both . Buckley is long gone and soon NR will be too . Gone with Their , we can only hope , is the failed Internationalist and corporatist party advocacy that is bankrupting America and threatening the Republican Party . The kind of condescending ‘ We Know Better’ attitude is a sign of weakness in argumentation not strength . Earlier , in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , the     Schlafly explained that Trump " represents everything the grassroots want . " " the grassroots certainly agree with Trump " on most issues , but certainly on the immigration issue , " the    Schlafly said : If we do n’t stop immigration —   this torrent of immigrants coming in —   we ’re not going to be America anymore because most of the people coming in have no experience with limited government . They do most of the people coming in know what that is . They look most of the people coming in the government limited government all of their problems most of the people coming in and as soon as we have a high majority of people who think that , it ’s going to be a different country . During that same interview , Schlafly warned that National Review ’s boosting of Rubio and Ryan will come at the expense of the nation ’s peril . " If they ’re not right on immigration they ’re going they destroy our country , the nation warned . Schlafly 