  ( CNN ) Amid the croquet players and lunch guests mingling at     Friday , a more sober gathering was unfolding under the palms . Steve Bannon , the    former Breitbart executive who serves as President Donald Trump ’s chief strategist , was huddling at an      table with President Donald Trump’s     Jared Kushner in an attempt to broker peace in a deepening     and , increasingly , distracting     rift between rival West Wing factions . As Trump President Donald Trump’s frustrated with the clear tensions between Bannon and Kushner , his Bannon senior adviser , he Bannon they Bannon and Kushner, his ascendant senior adviser out their Bannon and Kushner, his ascendant senior adviser . " We Bannon and Kushner, his ascendant senior adviser ta work this out , " Trump President Donald Trump’s the pair on Thursday , according to a White House official . " Cut it this . " The message came after the ideological divide between Bannon and Kushner , which had split White White House and stood poised to determine the administration ’s agenda moving forward , had spilled into the open through media reports . That led to the Friday meeting , which was coordinated by Chief of Staff Reince Priebus . Priebus’ goal was " to get them on the same page , " a senior administration official said . Priebus , Chief of Staff Reince Priebus that meeting the Friday meeting, which was coordinated by Chief of Staff Reince Priebus the president that the President a them talk , according to the official . a senior administration official still not clear , however , whether the detente will hold .    " Time will tell , " the official said . a senior administration official who has spoken with Trump in the last day said the President expressed doubts that the differences have been resolved , but hopes Bannon and Kushner can bring the feuding into check . In asking his two advisers to work out the President differences , the President has Bannon and Kushner his displeasure the President infighting known . the President has told people if it does the President get better , he will take action     though he the President n’t detailed precisely what his the President might entail . Trump still the President Bannon and his advice , his confidantes say , Trump is n’t Trump to dueling positions among his staff . He just wants the Trump to remain Trump and constructive . The divide between Bannon and Kushner has extended beyond the two men themselves , who work in abutting offices just steps from the Oval Office . Rival factions have emerged , pitting those aides who consider themselves the nationalists     including Bannon and Rival factions adviser Stephen Miller     against a more    wing led by Kushner , economic adviser Gary Cohn and Kushner national security adviser Dina Powell , according to two sources familiar with the situation . Both Cohn and Powell     who both came Gary Cohn the administration directly from Goldman Sachs     are viewed internally as close to Kushner , a dynamic that rankled those Kushner the White House close to Bannon . Bannon ’s faction has come to refer Bannon as " Globalist Gary , " Gary Cohn insult for those aligned with Bannon ’s populist views . Bannon , meanwhile Bannon told associates that he Bannon an extended battle with Kushner     and Bannon extension Trump ’s daughter Ivanka     is " unwinnable " given Trump ’s loyalty to his family . But he Trump’s to pursuing a Ivanka     agenda for however Ivanka     Trump will listen to him . He has said he Trump’s determined to continue Ivanka     for Ivanka     issues that Ivanka     propel Trump to the White House : cracking down on illegal Trump’s and scrapping the federal regulations he says compose an overbearing " administrative state . " Ivanka     Bannon ’s standing in Trump ’s    has been diminished . He was stripped Trump’s a post on the National Security Bannon this week , even as Kushner waded further into his    ’s foreign policy affairs with a trip to Kushner and a leadership role in preparing for this week ’s meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping . this week ouster from the National Security Council on Wednesday was only the latest the National Security Council rise , sources said . While H. R. McMaster , Trump ’s national security adviser , has been working for weeks to find a way to rid the White House foreign policy operation of Bannon , it was ultimately Kushner ’s influence that made it happen , sources Bannon’s . Bannon deemed reports Kushner’s recently threatened to quit " ridiculous . " The Bannon’s House has tamped Bannon’s on suggestions a staff shakeup is imminent . " White House we are shaking up is the way Washington operates as we push the President ’s aggressive agenda forward , " spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said Friday . Another we stressed nobody is leaving the White House anytime soon . " Quite the opposite , " the official said . " White House move forward united . " 
 Another official 