Washington ( CNN ) While President Donald Trump is blaming Democrats for the collapse of the Republican health care plan and others point fingers at the conservative House Freedom Caucus , Rep. Mark Sanford has Rep. Mark Sanford own theory about the failure : too much testosterone . After listening to emotional remarks at a pivotal meeting between White House officials , White House leadership and Freedom Caucus members Thursday night , Rep. Mark Sanford said Rep. Mark Sanford noticed that only men had spoken so far , two sources familiar with Rep. Mark Sanford remarks told CNN . " I ’m here to tell you , sometimes that testosterone can get you in trouble , " he Rep. Mark Sanford , according to the two sources familiar with Sanford’s remarks   It turned out he Rep. Mark Sanford right : House leaders pulled the bill , with Trump ’s permission , for lack of support the next day . The former South Carolina governor , who had been mentioned as a possible Republican presidential candidate in 2012 , was alluding in the meeting to an extramarital affair that led to his resignation The former South Carolina governor, who had been mentioned as a possible Republican presidential candidate in 2012 chairman of the Republican Governor ’s Association in 2009 and his divorce The former South Carolina governor, who had been mentioned as a possible Republican presidential candidate in 2012 year later . The affair an extramarital affair that led to his resignation as chairman of the Republican Governor’s Association in 2009 and his divorce a year later after Sanford disappeared for several days while visiting his mistress and Sanford to have been hiking the Appalachian Trail . But his comments Thursday Sanford into some of the criticisms of the bill     and those who negotiated it in the final hours of discussions . Why ( almost ) everyone hates the House Freedom Caucus , Vice President Mike Pence tweeted a photo Thursday of a Thursday with the President and members of the Freedom Caucus that drew fire from Democrats , women ’s groups and liberals for its absence of women . Although women are n’t excluded from the caucus , the Freedom Caucus no publicly identified female members of the group , whose most prominent members include its chairman , North its ’s Mark Meadows , Ohio ’s Jim Jordan , Idaho ’s Raul Labrador , Alabama ’s Mo Brooks , Michigan ’s Justin Amash and Sanford .   Is there something wrong with this White House photo ? One of the conservatives’ demands has been to change an Obamacare requirement that insurance plans cover " essential benefits , " including coverage for maternity services , mental health care and prescription drugs . In a speech in West Virginia on Saturday , Pence reiterated the White House ’s vow to repeal Obamacare in the future Obamacare but also said they were looking forward the White House working on tax reform , the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch , and other items on its agenda . Earlier Obamacare the day , Trump also tweeted about the future of the health care plan , saying Obamacare would explode , Obamacare and we will all get together and piece together a great health care plan for THE PEOPLE . " Still , a senior administration official said the President is likely to pay the Freedom Caucus less heed going forward given its members’ refusal to the Freedom Caucus Trump ’s and House Trump to compromise on health care .   " I think the Freedom Caucus made a the Freedom Caucus end , " the official said . " a senior administration official a president who wanted to work with them     and he is dismissive of them the Freedom Caucus . "     the Freedom Caucus 