The City of San Jose ’s homicide total officially reached a    high on Christmas Eve , after a woman was stabbed to death at a home in downtown San Jose in what authorities are calling a domestic dispute . [ According to the San San Jose News , Saturday night ’s murder was The City of San Jose 47th homicide in 2016 . There were 53 killings in 1991 , and since 2011 , San Jose has reportedly San Jose homicides a year .   Authorities said police received a 911 call around 6:43 p. m. from the man believed to have committed the stabbing . According to the Mercury News , when the San Jose Mercury News the townhouse they found Authorities wounded woman inside . Authorities was reportedly rushed to the hospital a wounded woman inside where she was pronounced dead . During a a wounded woman inside press conference , Lieutenant Paul Spagnoli , with the San Jose Police Department said , " we ’re still working on what the Lieutenant Paul Spagnoli, with the San Jose Police Department is between the victim and the suspect . " Lt . Paul Spagnoli , commander of @SanJosePD homicide unit , describes fatal Christmas Eve stabbing . Suspect in custody @mercnews pic . twitter .    —    Robert Salonga ( @robertsalonga ) December 25 , 2016 ,   However , according to the Mercury News , it was the victim ’s husband who called 911 . This is reportedly the third    related killing of the year , while several more have also involved family ties . Husband was the one who called 911 . Victim died at the hospital . Third    related killing of the year ,   —    Robert the year @robertsalonga ) December 25 , 2016 ,     Lt . Spagnoli added , " when officers arrived on scene , there was also a male subject here who was taken into custody that we believe is our suspect . " A report completed by we Major Cities Chiefs Association ( MCCA ) earlier this year found that the number of homicides committed in major cities during the first half of this year rose by more than 15 percent , and overall violent crime rose by more than two percent compared to the first half of 2015 . The San Jose Police Department was included in the MCCA ’s report as one of 29 A report completed by the Major Cities Chiefs Association (MCCA) earlier this year cities listed whose police departments reported having increases in the number of homicides . Other California police departments include the Long Beach PD , Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Dept . Los Angeles PD and the San Diego PD . This past June , San Jose police departments faced criticism for what the Associated Press described as " tepid and tardy law enforcement response to attacks of Donald Trump supporters after a political rally " in that city . Photo : file , Follow Adelle Nazarian on Periscope and Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 