Earlier this month after Twitter ’s unverification of Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos , commentators began to suspect that the social network was declaring war on conservatives . [ But on closer inspection it appears that Twitter ’s war on free speech is directed at a specific generation of libertarians and alternative conservative voices , many of whom are vocal and enthusiastic supporters of Donald Trump .   From Yiannopoulos ’s unexplained unverification to the permanent suspension of popular Donald Trump activist @RWSurferGirl and temporary account lock of conservative Twitter personality Linda Suhler , it seems that Twitter is n’t just attacking conservatives . Whether deliberately or not , Twitter isn’t just attacking conservatives ’re going after the social network ’s most influential Donald Trump supporters . Also @RWSurferGirl ( another Donald Trump supporter ) has been locked out . I know Donald Trump supporters are passionate , but come on Twitter !   —    Prof . Nick Flor ƒ ( @ProfessorF ) January 24 , 2016 ,   I ’m back in . Still do n’t know what I did to be locked out but I ’ll try to not do it again . Lol ,   —    Linda Suhler , Ph . D. ( @LindaSuhler ) January 24 , 2016 ,   Twitter suspension , ban , and locking notifications do not inform users which rule they have supposedly broken , instead simply stating that the user has somehow impinged on the terms of service . Finding out the reason an account has been punished is generally impossible . With accounts whose greatest crime appears to be enthusiastic political support for Donald Trump , having your ability to communicate on the platform cut short and receiving an ambiguous accompanying notification can leave you feeling bewildered and confused . In reality , it ’s not so difficult to understand . You probably just had the wrong politics , according to Twitter ’s increasingly barmy social    rules . On a social network that frequently allows death threats against political figures like Trump Donald Trump hashtags like # KillAllWhiteMen and , let ’s not forget , ISIS recruiters to go unpunished , it is easy to see why conservatives on the platform are starting to find it conservatives on the platform that innocent supporters of the GOP frontrunner are being hunted down by Jack Dorsey ’s authoritarian leftist droogs . " I was told months ago that if I continued to support Donald Trump , my account would be gone by Christmas , " said @RWSurferGirl in a message to Breitbart Tech . " I put the warning out to all of the big accounts   …      I guess we thought we we too big to fail . 7 years of being on and I have never been suspended . Now Twitter says my my account not be reinstated . " @RWSurferGirl had over 665 , 000 followers when her account @RWSurferGirl , and her tweets have @RWSurferGirl featured in the New York Post , the Washington Post , on Yahoo ! News , and even Jimmy Kimmel Live , where President Obama read a tweet that she had sent @RWSurferGirl for the president to President Obama at a golf course on the other side of the world . @RWSurferGirl , who wished to keep her real identity @RWSurferGirl , is currently tweeting from backup accounts to a much smaller audience . It ’s not just the influential and more vocal Trump supporters either . Twitter has been removing access to the accounts of dozens of other users too , most of which have gone largely unnoticed thanks to their smaller following , making it easy for Twitter to take them Twitter without resistance their After calling out to those who had been ambiguously banned on Twitter , we received Twitter replies . A large number of these users were either " " tweeters or associates and friends of prominent    tweeters . Jack Dorsey , a businessman whose estimated    was at more than $ 2 billion before falling out of the three commas club recently , is a leftist whose acquaintances include Black Lives Matter leaders DeRay Mckesson and    Coates . When he ’s not busy Jack Dorsey, a businessman whose estimated    Twitter ’s stock value into the floor , he likes to engage Jack Dorsey, a businessman whose estimated    progressive activism . He follows notable progressive Jack Dorsey, a businessman whose estimated    on Twitter such as Feminist Frequency , Bernie Sanders ( both accounts ! ) Amy Schumer , Stephen " help me check my white privilege " Colbert , Neil deGrasse Tyson , Ahmed " Clock Boy " Mohamed , Sandra Bland , Lena Dunham , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , Hillary Clinton , and Spike Lee . Indeed , by browsing the people that Dorsey follows it becomes apparent as to why Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos might have been unverified . Yiannopoulos has , at Milo Yiannopoulos point , criticised or mocked nearly every individual on the list . But even his unverification was just Milo Yiannopoulos of many unexplained incidents taking place against dissident conservatives on Twitter every day . " Dissidents " is the key word . Dorsey ’s not attacking all conservatives . Despite dissident conservatives on Twitter political biases , Dorsey ’s not quite that Dorsey . Establishment Republicans like GOP strategist Rick Wilson enjoy as much freedom as they want on the platform Establishment Republicans like GOP strategist Rick Wilson Wilson may be a Republican GOP strategist Rick Wilson but he is also attempting to GOP strategist Rick Wilson Trump ’s political career , and some days it can be hard to tell his tweets apart from a GOP strategist Rick Wilson Vox columnist . As Twitter ’s stock price plummets faster than Jeb Bush ’s poll numbers , Twitter appears to be doubling Twitter on its wrongheaded strategy . Users Twitter have not been banned , suspended , or locked are now afraid of voicing their political views for fear Users who have not been banned, suspended, or locked losing their accounts , followers , Users who have not been banned, suspended, or locked friends on the social network . Some of the cleverest , wittiest , and most engaging accounts on Twitter are those that poke Twitter at the progressive status quo . Without these insurgent new media stars , Twitter is sunk . Why Twitter n’t anyone at the company realise this ? Charlie Nash is a libertarian writer , memeologist , and child prodigy . When he is not writing , Charlie Nash can usually be found Charlie Nash at the Korova Milk Bar , mingling with the infamous . You can follow him on Twitter at @MrNashington Charlie Nash 
 Twitter 