’’ ’’ ’’ ’This meeting , obviously , was recorded and leaked forthwith to the press . " That ’s what ’s important for you to understand , " Manafort reassured the assembled , as   " That Manafort gets Manafort , and that the part Manafort ’s been playing is evolving . " Translated into formal D. C.   a language in which Manafort is fluent , Manafort is saying that Donald Trump gets the joke.’ ’He ’s perfectly    and is just playing the game , riling up the nativists en route to the Republican nomination.’ ’This was meant to quell RNC members’ concerns about Donald Trump ’s    poor favorability ratings , which Manafort believes ( or is paid to say Manafort believes ) are pliant.’ ’Consider the    distinction Manafort struck between irrecoverably low popularity versus unpopularity by , uh , design ? " Fixing personality negatives is a lot easier than fixing character negatives , " Manafort said . " You ca n’t change somebody ’s character . But you can change the way somebody presents themselves . " ’ ’’ ’You do n’t get to be a   if you ca n’t bullshit like this . But let ’s follow through with this distinction that he almost certainly made up five minutes before addressing the RNC . There is personality , as in the construction one presents to the public , and there is character , as in the sort of person one really is.’ ’Manafort would have us believe that the personality —   that of a pig , which appeals to a requisite number of white males to win the Republican presidential nomination —   is just a lie ; the character , meanwhile —   to be unveiled in the general election ! —   is more akin to , say , Abraham Lincoln , or some other really terrific guy.’ ’A couple of red flags here . The first would be that a person willing to project a total lie of a personality for personal gain is axiomatically a lousy character . But we do n’t even get that far . Because there ’s no reason to believe that the personality Trump has presented in Trump campaign is anything other than an extension of Trump truest self , which is a pig.’ ’’ ’Trump has been successful in Trump brief political career , which has taken place totally within the context of a Republican presidential primary.’ ’Within whatever context , the politicians who are usually most successful run campaigns that are extensions of their personalities —   i. e. ones that can project " authentic " versions of their rather than total constructs , which leads to easily    phoniness.’ ’It confuses some observers as to how Trump ’s fans can really believe that Trump ’s " authentic " or " honest , " which they all really do believe , because on the policy level Trump ’s changed Trump mind so many times in Trump career that the rank opportunism of it all is unmistakable . But it makes sense —   Trump ’s put together the package that clicks!’ ’The piggish positions and piggish postures Trump ’s adopted strike just about everyone as the honest and authentic extension of Donald Trump , pig.’ ’Trump politicks like a real estate developer . Trump does n’t want a whole bunch of poor people spilling over onto Trump property and disturbing the members . So of course Trump wants a wall around the perimeter.’ ’’ ’The idea of a wall lights up a mind like Donald Trump ’s with euphoria . And then there are Muslims . Muslims : bad , scary , not a good look , bad for property values —   do n’t let Muslims: bad, scary, not a good look, bad for property values —   in . Donald Trump directly correlates with her Donald Trump and that a man ’s worth directly correlates with the eye candy on his a man ’A former associate ,   said that he a man not want to be seen in public eating lunch with a woman he a man ugly.’ ’When Trump could n’t believe people would consider voting for a " face " like Carly Fiorina ’s , or when he Carly Fiorina a     photo of his Carly Fiorina , Melania , and Heidi Cruz , this was not an act , put on to get the rubes interested.’ ’That was Donald Trump , all right , and if he Carly Fiorina the nomination , it the nomination n’t matter what pressure Paul Manafort or Rick Wiley or Reince Priebus puts on him Paul Manafort The    on how long it takes him Paul Manafort call Hillary Clinton a " bitch " during a      press conference will be two weeks . Thirty percent of the country will love it Thirty percent of the country Seventy percent will not.’ ’He ca n’t change who he Paul Manafort , and he Paul Manafort n’t shed the baggage he Paul Manafort   as a result of being who he Paul Manafort , which is a pig.’ ’The    who ’ve taken over Donald . .. ’ 
 