Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama will give Hillary Clinton a lift on Air Force One Tuesday when they fly to North Carolina for they first joint campaign appearance .   It ’s a powerful symbol of the presidency that President Barack Obama appears happy to confer upon his preferred successor . Hillary Clinton ’s presumptive Republican opponent repeatedly criticized the move Monday and Tuesday . " Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary . A total disgrace ! " Donald Trump tweeted .   On Monday afternoon , Donald Trump also slammed the trip . Trump VP search enters home stretch , " Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary Crooked Hillary " Donald Trump tweeted Monday . " She Donald Trump flying with him Donald Trump . Who pays ? " It ’s a question presidential candidates have asked of their presidential candidates rivals for years , and the answer is complicated . Obama President Obama a hand to Clinton , The cost of flying Air Force One for political travel is divided between the federal government ( using taxpayer dollars ) and the candidate ’s political organization . Because Obama President Obama traveling to Charlotte solely for the purpose of stumping for Clinton Clinton her Clinton ( or the Democratic National Committee ) would have to foot a portion of the bill whether the the candidate’s aboard or not . The exact breakdown of how much the campaign will owe , however , is n’t precisely known . In 2012 , when Obama President Obama running for    his President Obama reimbursed the government millions of dollars for Air Force One travel based on a    share of an    charter plane .   Clinton : The candidate of big business ? Travelers who must reimburse the government the government trips include the candidate and any staff traveling on behalf of her campaign . Clinton: The candidate of big business passengers , including security personnel and medical staff , are n’t required to reimburse the government for the government of the Other passengers, including security personnel and medical staff . Whatever Clinton ’s campaign does her campaign , is far less than the actual costs of flying Air Force One , which is retrofitted with secure communication and navigation equipment , and costs north of $ 200 , 000 to operate per hour . Tuesday wo n’t be the first time Obama has given Hillary Clinton a lift on Air Clinton . In 2013 , the pair flew to Nelson Mandela ’s funeral in South Africa together ( along with former President George W. Bush and his wife Laura ) . Before that Nelson Mandela’s Clinton flew with Obama occasionally as Secretary Clinton State , Obama to Myanmar in 2012 . While former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush largely Clinton the campaign trail in their final years in office , Obama is former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush to stump heavily in support Obama the presumptive Democratic nominee , meaning Democrats will be on the hook for at least some of his travel in the coming months . Like Obama administrations , Obama could offset some of the    by Obama political travel with official events , which are paid for by the government . The formula breaking down campaign and official costs , however , has been kept secret by White Houses going back to the 1970s . Obama also has n’t shied away from ripping Obama at " official " events over the past year , including most recently during a foreign leaders’ summit in Canada . 
 