’    Fox News host Sean Hannity on Monday shared a conspiracy theory    with his 1 . 7 million Twitter followers which baselessly alleged    that Hillary Clinton was drunk at a rally last week . ’ ’    " God help us , " Sean Hannity wrote on Twitter , retweeting the account    " MicroSpookyLeaks , " which claimed " Secret Service says Hillary    was drunk " in video taken of the October 27 event . ’ ’   ’ ’    Sean Hannity later claimed in tweets that Sean Hannity only found the video    amusing and was n’t actually trying to further the conspiracy    theory : ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tTo all lib media peeps who follow me , especially those colluding with HRC , My last RT was about the video in general , not if Hillary    ’s drunk .   " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI have zero knowledge if Hillary    was drinking . Now maybe you lib reporters can find time to investigate the laws HRC violated with Hillary    server .   ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tOne last time , I RT’d this for ENTERTAINMENT ONLY . The Secret Service has NEVER SAID SHE WAS DRINKING ! ! ! All u     go read ! ! !   " ’    But Hannity has promoted a similar theory in the past . Hannity website   on Friday citing a hacked    email published by WikiLeaks about Clinton needing to " sober . ..    up . " ’ ’    A Fox News spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request    for comment . ’ ’    In recent days ,       have moved to suggest that       Clinton drinking problem . Most prominently , the Drudge    Report   showing the    former secretary of state consuming alcohol . ’ ’    Hannity , a devout supporter of Republican presidential nominee    Donald Trump , has not shied away from sharing conspiracy theories    to attack Clinton . Clinton ’    Last week , the    host   on his television program to make outlandish claims    about the Democratic nominee . ’ ’    Hannity has said that he plans Hannity do everything in his power Hannity    help elect   Trump president . In the past , he    Hannity   to    do    . ’ ’    A Fox News spokesperson did not respond to an inquiry last week    about    Hannity giving Hannity to a National Enquirer    subject was in keeping with network editorial standards . ’ 
 