This is how it ends for Alex Rodriguez ? With a    whimper instead of an    public relations war ? Hard to believe . For the moment , let ’s not . It is possible that Alex Rodriguez —    at 41 and having been , as he Rodriguez  —    it , " to hell and back "   —    talked himself Rodriguez  —    being " at peace " about walking away after Friday night ’s game against Tampa Bay at Yankee Stadium . But after a long and tumultuous career fueled by what even amateur psychologists could positively diagnose as a chronic inner turbulence , we suspect this was    merely acceding to the franchise ’s wishes to move beyond him    stirring up memories of his    and litigious past . Four home runs short of 700 , 18 shy of Babe Ruth , this    and    man , once photographed kissing his    in the mirror , is going to retire just because Hal Steinbrenner and Brian Cashman decided it was time ? " Of course , I think I can play baseball , " Rodriguez said . " You always think you have one more hit in you . That was n’t in the cards . That was the Yankees’ decision , and I ’m at peace with it the Yankees’ decision " All of that rang true except the last part . That is why no one should be surprised if another team reaches out in the next couple of weeks or for next season and Rodriguez ’s tenure as a Yankees organizational adviser has the staying power of a Trump news cycle . Understand that the Yankees are great at selling history but are not exactly in the business of overdoing sentimentality . Cashman , above all , was once ready to run off Derek Jeter in the middle of a contract squabble . He Cashman not about to yield to Rodriguez ’s wishes for a steady diet of    when he Cashman n’t produce as the designated hitter and the Yankees had finally come to grips with the recurrence of 1965 . For those not versed in pinstriped lore : with the realization that their those not versed in pinstriped lore roster was old , broken down and overdue for disassembly . As       the bench these last few weeks   —    " painful and embarrassing , " he      —    and Manager Joe Girardi bristled at reporters’ questions of why , anyone who knows Cashman could imagine his Cashman feelings about a player the Yankees welcomed back in 2015 after a    suspension for being snared in the net of the Biogenesis drug scandal . Yes , Rodriguez was necessarily contrite and no longer a provocative clubhouse presence . More important , he Rodriguez , against all odds and expectations , on the way to 33 home runs . The image enhancement reached the point where the the Yankees his 3 Rodriguez 000th hit with a commemorative day in September , an event unimaginable when Rodriguez was Rodriguez or defaming everyone but the talk radio host Mike Francesa in a    attempt   —    wisely abandoned   —    to avoid suspension by Major League Baseball . But more than any singular story line , Rodriguez ’s Rodriguez was characterized by unpredictable twists and    turns . By his special day Rodriguez’s Yankees would n’t you know that his bat had Rodriguez’s Yankees and the    fastball had become an unhittable blur ? His return season Rodriguez’s Yankees nonetheless hailed as a triumphant character reconstruction . He was no Rodriguez’s Yankees an albatross with a capital A   —    until he resumed flailing Rodriguez’s Yankees this season and His return season Cashman had to ask himself , besides $ the unsparing Cashman million in 2017 , how much do we owe this guy ? Rodriguez the unsparing Cashman more leverage the unsparing Cashman New York , and what was the point of making a fuss ? He went along tamely with the unsparing Cashman Yankees’ wishes and provided more behavioral assurance for any team that might seriously weigh his explanation on Sunday for the unsparing Cashman he could n’t hit a the unsparing Cashman after returning from time on the disabled list in May. " Mechanically , I never felt like I caught up , " he said , suggesting that the unsparing Cashman was more an issue of timing than the intervention of Father Time . If the phone does n’t ring   —    a good possibility   —    then Rodriguez will at least wear the redemptive aura into his playing afterlife as he Rodriguez a continued association Rodriguez the game . But who is naïve enough to think he wo n’t be burning Rodriguez one last shot ? " As far as 700 , or any of those type of milestones , I would have had an unbelievable , fun time going after them , " he said , perhaps a Rodriguez to anyone in need of a marketing tool while playing out a lost season ? What we can be certain of is that the timing of the departure from the Yankees’ bench   —    one night before Jeter and the 1996 World Series champions return to the Stadium to take another bow   —    was no coincidence . So many of Rodriguez ’s machinations with the Yankees were painfully contrived , especially the    $ 275 million deal that tethered him to the team past Rodriguez point where the marriage was played out . Remember how word happened to get out during the 2007 World Series that Rodriguez was intending to leave Rodriguez Yankees as a free the Yankees As a commodity , he had juice back then Rodriguez the Yankees capitulated and the deal the Yankees the Yankees on the So many of Rodriguez’s machinations with the Yankees were painfully contrived, especially the   $275 million deal that tethered him to the team past the point where the marriage was played out baseball released the Mitchell report , detailing an entrenched steroid culture we would soon learn Rodriguez was part of . Rodriguez timing so transparently tacky , it was easy to say , in the flurry of headlines to follow , that    and the Yankees deserved each other . All the Yankees the Yankees good cheer aside , that part of the narrative will never change . 
 