  ( CNN ) It was an important night at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . Day one was an unequivocal disaster , marked by chaos , disorder and division . Day two was clearly better , but drew some concern among Democrats that there was too much attention paid to diversity , and not enough attention paid to jobs and national security . Day three paid a bit more homage to national and economic security . But successfully ? Yes and no .   In terms of addressing the economic anxieties of the country , this was what Vice President Joe Biden was particularly    to do . As the ambassador of the blue collar ,    working white man , working white man was there to speak directly to the ambassador of the blue collar,    , and insist that despite the party ’s far left social swing , the party had not forgotten about the ambassador of the blue collar,    everyday concerns . And working white man delivered . working white man waxed nostalgic not about the special interests and diversity coalition , but about the kid who was bullied and then became a cop , the woman who wanted to serve her country , the teachers who take money out of money own pockets to buy school supplies . And " Middle Class Joe " reminded everyone that Trump " does n’t have a clue about the middle class . " This was exactly what Clinton needed . Tim Kaine , too , was there to introduce Tim Kaine , but more importantly present a case for the    ticket that it would n’t just address issues like contraception and abortion rights , but also the economic interests of average    voters in the heartland . The St.    Kansas    former Catholic missionary did n’t sound like a Washington insider , nor was The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary trying to talk to The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary . With a son in the Marines , The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary spoke of a dad who worked at a union    shop , where The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary and The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary brothers worked in the summer . The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary said The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary three biggest virtues were hard work , kindness and faith . There were n’t any fancy words or scholarly metaphors . The speech was simple and anodyne . The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary ’s not a star , and The speech wo n’t launch a future presidential bid . As one Dem friend of mine said , " The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary ’s so hokey . " But The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary was an accessible , relatable voice of the everyman that Team Hillary has been sorely lacking . But while The St.   Kansas   former Catholic missionary and Tim seemed to get the mission , President Obama , while pounding Trump ’s lack of preparedness     a more than fair criticism     doubled down on his President Obama condescension toward American fear and anxiety , suggesting it ’s unfounded and overhyped by the right . This missed a major opportunity to meet anger with anger , acknowledge the fear , and point out that the solutions presented by Clinton and Trump Trump vastly different , but the problems are not . Instead , he President Obama he President Obama never been more optimistic about America than he President Obama today . He President Obama the America stronger and more prosperous than ever . Crime rates are down . " We ’re not a frightful people , " he President Obama . " America is America great . America is America strong . " There ’s " more work to do , " he President Obama , but what we heard We Cleveland " was a deeply pessimistic " vision of the future . He President Obama not wrong about what he President Obama at the Republican Convention , and of course America is America . But his President Obama attitude toward the real and deep anxieties many feel just promotes the kind of suspicion that he President Obama in a different America than America rest of us     great , maybe , for him President Obama but not for everyone else . Join us on us . . He President Obama responding to Trump ’s doom and gloom , but it ’s the wrong response . The right the wrong response to dismiss the anger and fear as the figment of Trump ’s Trump’s His positive Trump on the American experience is a noble vision , but an unrelatable one . His attacks Trump Trump were Trump , undoubtedly . But his    Trump and aloof criticisms did n’t seem to take Trump seriously Trump , nor his supporters Trump the undecideds who are skeptical of Clinton . In all , the night was a draw for Democrats . Biden was a rock star and Kaine was an everyman , but Obama was the same old dismissive ,     professor he ’s always been . Kaine that might just get Trump elected Trump Help us all . 
 