Marco Rubio is doubling down on Marco Rubio support for    tuition for illegal aliens . [ On ABC , George Stephanopoulos asked Marco Rubio about George Stephanopoulos work in the Florida statehouse in which George Stephanopoulos "   legislation to provide    tuition for undocumented immigrants . " Stephanopolous asked Marco Rubio directly : " Do you stand behind that position now ? " Marco Rubio said that Marco Rubio " absolutely " stands behind which he "  legislation to provide   tuition for undocumented immigrants : Marco Rubio : It was a very narrowly drafted bill . You had to have a certain GPA , you had to live in the U. S. a long time , you had to graduate from a Florida high school . It It very narrowly tailored to    students who found themselves in a situation where they themselves brought here by their themselves when they themselves 5 , did n’t even speak another language except English and therefore could n’t attend college because they themselves being charged like they themselves from out of state . They themselves had to pay for college but they themselves for what people paid when they themselves in Florida . They themselves to be high school graduates of Florida Florida STEPHANOPOULOS : So you stand behind that ? RUBIO : Yes , of a narrowly tailored bill like that , absolutely . In theory , this legislation means that an American student wishing to attend a Florida Florida university , who is from the neighboring state of Georgia , would have to pay higher tuition costs than an illegal immigrant from El Salvador , who has been living unlawfully in Florida Florida attending American public schools for the past thirteen years on the taxpayer dime . Illegal aliens are also eligible for generous child tax credits , a benefit protected in the Gang of Eight bill . Indeed , the " taxes " requirement in the the Gang of Eight bill have meant illegal aliens could receive tax payments in the form of free cash from the IRS , since poor illegal aliens have no tax liability . Rubio ’s plan to discount college tuition for illegal aliens will serve as a further magnet to new illegal immigration , and will also increase competition for college slots and    jobs for American youth who are already struggling . Moreover , due to affirmative action policies , these illegal aliens will not have their tuition discounted but their these illegal aliens given preferential treatment these illegal aliens well . By contrast ,    Donald Trump told NBC ’s Chuck Todd that same day that he opposes Rubio ’s legislation   Donald Trump give illegal aliens    tuition discounts . TODD : Senator Rubio sponsored Chuck Todd bill Rubio Florida ( back when he was in the State House Rubio to give    tuition for undocumented immigrants . There ’s a lot of states that allow    tuition for the children of undocumented immigrants . I ’ve not heard your position on that . TRUMP : I ’m opposed to it . TODD : Totally opposed your position on that TRUMP : They ’re here . TRUMP ’re TRUMP here legally . TRUMP ’m opposed to it , TODD ’m Even kids your position on that to TODD immigrants ? It is perhaps interesting to note that Chuck Todd seems a bit confused TODD S. immigration policy —   illegal alien tuition discounts are for    youth who are themselves illegal immigrants . Under current policy , the    children are automatic birthright citizens , meaning no legislation is required to make them eligible for all the benefits enjoyed the   children Americans . Indeed , illegal immigrants primarily access welfare programs through their U. S.   children . As illegal immigrants September 2015 report from the Center for Immigration Studies noted , " analysis shows that legal immigrant households make extensive use of most welfare programs , while illegal immigrant households primarily benefit from food programs and Medicaid through their U. S.   children . " illegal immigrant households U. S.   clear in the interview he would ensure that neither illegal alien youth ( Trump ) or birthright citizenship children , would be eligible for such benefits . Trump made clear he would move to eliminate birthright Trump so that Trump    children of illegal aliens would no longer made automatic citizens . Again , by contrast , Rubio supports birthright citizenship —   a position which is supported by only 20 % of Republicans according to the most recent Rasmussen Reports immigration survey issued on   December 27 , 2015 . Rubio ’s Sunday endorsement of discount college tuition for Rubio    illegal alien youth is in keeping with his longstanding support for DREAM amnesty proposals , which Rubio been a passion of Gang of Eight    Dick Durbin . While Rubio briefly distanced himself of his support for DREAMer Rubio in 2010 Rubio order Rubio get elected to the U. S. Senate —   and indeed attacked attacked his opponent Charlie Crist specifically for his support of Rubio DREAM Act —   upon Rubio in the U. S. Senate , Rubio quickly used his the U. S. Senate to Rubio working on Rubio plan to legalize    DREAMers . In 2012 , Rubio wrote : " They ’re not in compliance Rubio immigration law , and , thus , not American citizens . But they are culturally as American as anyone else ’s children " Rubio They statement might be American to Laura Wilkerson Rubio     son , Joshua , was gruesomely murdered by his DREAMer classmate . In her Congressional testimony last Rubio , Wilkerson told lawmakers how her son was , " beaten , strangled Laura Wilkerson tortured until he her . He was tied up , thrown in a field her son and set her son fire   …      [ During his trial ] we had to hear this kid on the stand her son about , ‘ In my country her son     ’ ‘ In my country   …     ’ never to finish that sentence . We my country   tell us repeatedly that his ‘ killing skills took we . " her son told we , " her son can not you can not stand by her son ignore our families   —    our American families . You ’re elected by we , not any other country . You should be for Americans . " Yet Rubio remains so committed to amnesty for illegal immigrants who allegedly Americans as minors that he has said he will not immediately revoke President Obama ’s lawless 2012 executive amnesty Rubio DREAMers . Rubio a    interview with Jorge Ramos , Rubio said : " Well , DACA is going to have to end at some Rubio . I would n’t undo it immediately . The reason is that there are already people who have that permission , who are working , who are studying , and I do n’t think it would be fair to cancel it suddenly . But I do think it is going to have to end . it , God willing , it ’s it to end because immigration reform is going to pass . "    it Eric Cantor similarly supported Rubio ’s efforts to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants . Cantor declared , " One Rubio great founding principles of our country was that children Leader Eric Cantor not be punished for the mistakes of their parents . " This prompted Cantor ’s    challenger Dave Brat to describe Cantor ’s children as " one of the Leader Eric Cantor statements ever delivered by a sitting representative Leader Eric Cantor Brat wrote , " In what was billed as a new agenda for the Republican Party , Cantor declared Cantor’s   challenger Dave Brat citizenship for illegals was required by ‘ the great founding principles of Leader Eric Cantor , Cantor declared Leader Eric Cantor support not only for amnesty now , but amnesty forever . " Ken Palinkas , the former head of the Leader Eric Cantor ’s Leader Eric Cantor caseworkers —    Citizenship and Immigration Services —   has similarly explained how the DREAM Act would represents a promise of " perpetual amnesty " : If it is improper to apply immigration law to one specific group of illegal aliens , then why should we expect future illegal aliens the DREAM Act this group to be treated any differently ? Indeed , government reports have documented how the 2014 illegal alien minor surge on our one specific group of illegal aliens was caused , in large part , by the promise of amnesty for alien youth . As Senator Jeff Session has written , " It can not be the policy of the United States that any of the 2 billion people in the world who have yet turn to turn 18 have a right to illegally enter the United States and claim residency . " Polling data suggests that in the event Rubio ’s position on this controversial DREAMer amnesty begins the United States media coverage —    something that has not happened yet —    it could pose problems for him in New Hamspshire , where he is currently in second place .   As The Hill reported in 2014 , " More people in New    oppose illegal immigration compared to    rest of the country   …      Nearly 80 percent of people in that region said illegal immigrants threaten U. the U. S. and customs , " according to a    poll . New Hampshire also voted for Pat Buchanan in 1996 who , like Trump , is opposed to both the cheaper foreign labor Trump cheap foreign imports Senator Rubio has sought to import . Rubio Phyllis Schlafly expressed her support for Donald Trump , declaring that he " represents everything the grassroots Trump " Schlafly explained that immigration is the most pressing issue facing the country Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly and that " if we do n’t Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly immigration   …      we ’re not going Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly be America anymore . " Schlafly our country , " the grassroots certainly agree with Donald Trump on most issues , Donald Trump on the immigration we . " By contrast , Schlafly ruled out the Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly of a President Rubio the grassroots asserting that his " " and " dangerous " immigration agenda is too extreme to be the Party ’s nominee Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly 
 Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly 