’   ’ ’    Khizr Khan , the father of a slain Muslim American soldier who has    engaged in a     with Donald Trump over the past    several days , on Tuesday excoriated the Republican nominee for     at a    campaign rally . ’ ’    Khan , whose son died protecting whose son unit in Iraq , said Donald Trump should have given the medal back . He Donald Trump accused Trump Donald Trump    dodging the Vietnam War draft . ’ ’    " You should have pinned that back to that veteran’ ’s chest and    should have hugged him Donald Trump thanked him Donald Trump " Khan said in an    interview with CNN’ ’s Anderson Cooper . " If he Donald Trump have been    sensible , he Donald Trump have known what it takes to earn that Purple    Heart . " ’ ’ in Ashburn , Virginia , Trump said a    veteran in the audience had offered him Donald Trump Donald Trump , given to    military members who are wounded or killed while serving . He Donald Trump thanked the lieutenant colonel onstage and joked : " I always       to get the Purple Heart . This was much easier . " ’ "    But Khan clearly did not find Trump ’s comments amusing . " ’    " You had your chance . You escaped . You dodged the draft , " Khan Khan , referring to a recent   in The New York Times that said Trump received five    deferments during the Vietnam War . " And now you want an easy    Purple Heart in your pocket ? " ’ ’   ’ ’    Khan became Khan emotional at times during the interview with    Cooper , and at one point he apologized Khan raising his voice Khan ’ "    Trump   on Monday for appearing on television    multiple times after speaking at the Democratic National    Convention last week . In the convention speech , which catapulted    Khan and his wife to national prominence , he slammed his    Republican nominee for his comments his veterans and Muslim    immigration , and he questioned his ’s knowledge of the US    Constitution . " ’    Trump subsequently Trump’s on whether Khan’ ’s wife , Ghazala , was    permitted to speak during the speech , prompting her to Trump’s in    an    in The Washington Post that " without saying a thing ,    all the world , all America , felt my pain . " ’ ’ ’ ’Khizr Khan on the veteran who gave Trump his Trump’s Heart:"You should have pinned that back to that veteran’ ’s chest " ’ 
 