GOP frontrunner Donald Trump zoned in on trade policy while speaking to supporters at GOP frontrunner Donald Trump afternoon campaign rally in Indianapolis , Indiana on Wednesday . [ " If I were in office right now , Carrier would not be leaving Indiana , " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said , referencing Carrier air conditioning company , which recently announced it Carrier moving its Carrier plant from Indianapolis Indianapolis Mexico . The move impacts nearly 2 , 000 jobs .   " Our jobs are being ripped out of our states . I ’m not just talking here , " Trump said . " They Our jobs going to Mexico Mexico They Our jobs going all over . " " When Carrier that left here , goes to Mexico Mexico they Our jobs to sell their Our jobs across the border and no tax , no nothing , we ’re going to say , ‘ Sorry folks   …     we we going to charge you a 35 percent tax after what you did . ’ " Trump Trump Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , telling the Indiana Indiana that he ’s " really fighting hard for you the Indiana voters " " Indiana Indiana gong to be very important , " he he . " We have a movement going on . " Trump Trump referenced Fox News host Bill O’Reilly recently discussing the a movement going on " He he in his he he he never seen anything like what we We done , " Trump Trump his he . " He he it Trump the single most important political event that he he seen in his he his lifetime he with the possible exceptionn of the killing of JFK . That ’s a big statement . " The real estate mogul cheerfully recalled his big victory the night before in New York . " New York gave New York an incredible vote , a vote far beyond what the polls said . I was n’t surprised . When you look , the poll was incredible . It was    and the poll was New York    " New York . " The place that knows me best gives me that kind of whatever   …     they know me   …     they know the good , they bad , they know everything . " they also commented on Democrat Trump Hillary Clinton ’s win in New York . " You New York ’s gone , " Trumps said of Clinton ’s rival for the Democratic Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders ( ) . " I love running against crooked Hillary , " Trump added , referencing her by Trump new nickname for the crooked Hillary Trump of State . " Bernie would n’t be as much fun Bernie " 
 