Mike Judge , the director and    of the 2006 cult comedy Idiocracy , says a plan to release    Trump campaign ads based on characters in the movie has been canceled by the film rights’ owner 20th Century Fox . [ " It kind of fell apart , " Judge told The Daily Beast . " It was announced that they were    and I would ’ve preferred to make they and then have the people decide . "   The idea was first hatched by Idiocracy screenwriter Etan Cohen , who took to Twitter in February and acknowledged the perceived parallels between his satirical film and the 2016 presidential election . " I never expected # idiocracy to become a documentary . " Cohen quipped . I never expected # idiocracy to become a documentary .   —    Etan Cohen ( @etanjc ) February 24 , 2016 ,   Idiocracy follows an " Average Joe " ( Luke Wilson ) who wakes up 500 years in the future to find an incredibly idiotic American society . Terry Crews " was n’t happy " about the ads being billed as " " according to Judge . " Terry Crews had wanted to just make some funny Camacho ads , and Etan [ Cohen ] and I had written a few that I thought were pretty funny , and it just fell apart , " Judge told the outlet . " I wanted to put them out a little more quietly and let them go viral Judge rather than people announcing we ’re making    ads . Just let them be funny first . them " Also , when Terry heard that announcement he was n’t happy about it , them he added . ( Warning : Strong Language ) Judge suspected that 20th Terry Fox , helmed by that announcement donor Rupert Terry , would be a " roadblock " to the    ads being given the green light . " I just heard that they were put on the shelf , so it looks like they ’re not going to happen , " he said 20th Century Fox, helmed by Republican donor Rupert Murchoch, would be a "roadblock" to the   ads being given the green light Judge , who also wrote TV shows Beavis and Butthead 20th Century Fox, helmed by Republican donor Rupert Murchoch, would be a "roadblock" to the   ads being given the green light Silicon Valley and feature films including Tropic (Warning: Strong Language) Judge and Office Space , said it ’s " surreal " how " one specific thing after another " leads him to believe that truth is stranger than fiction . " I did n’t want Idiocracy to get popular by the (Warning: Strong Language) Judge getting stupider faster , " he told the Daily Beast . " I guess I was 450 years off ! But yeah , it ’s a (Warning: Strong Language) Judge bit scary ! "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 