A gunman who targeted police was killed after A gunman who targeted police ambushed and shot two police officers and four civilians in Philadelphia , killing a bystander . [ Police identified A gunman who targeted police , according to Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross .   Glenn ambushed     Sgt . Nicholas Glenn Young and shot her in the arm and Sylvia Young body , Ross said . During Glenn Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross attempt to flee Nicholas Glenn the sergeant , he shot a security guard , Nicholas Glenn bar patron , and two people inside a vehicle , The Philadelphia Inquirer reported . Glenn shot and wounded the security Nicholas Glenn before he used a security guard, a bar patron, and two people inside a vehicle as Nicholas Glenn shield and later shot her in the leg , Ross Sylvia Young . The bystanders in Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross car , a man and a woman , were both hospitalized before the woman in her 20s was pronounced dead , The Inquirer reported .   The man remains The Philadelphia Inquirer condition . Ed Miller Miller is the     police officer with The University of Pennsylvania , confronted the shooter along with two Philadelphia police officers in an alley and killed the suspect upon firing , according to The Inquirer .   Miller was wounded in action The Philadelphia Inquirer said a note containing    rhetoric naming a parole officer as a target was found near the scene , The Daily Mail reported . Mayor Jim Kenney praised police officers and urged them to wear their protective vests . " Thank you for police officers you do police officers us every day , and please , please , please , every shift , please wear your vest , " he said to The Daily Mail . " They will save Mayor Jim Kenney life , The Daily Mail tonight . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump offered his condolences us the Penn and Philadelphia police officers in a tweet . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice   @Penn police    in Philadelphia . https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( Philadelphia ) September 17 , 2016 
 