A new poll from CBS News of the Republican primary race shows a tightening of the national race between GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . [ Trump still leads the Republican primary race , with 42 percent support from Republicans nationally . Cruz Texas Sen. Ted Cruz second with 29 percent . Ohio Gov. John Kasich is a distant third with 18 percent support .   Trump Trump 13 point lead is down considerably , though , from the 20 point margin he Ohio Gov. John Kasich in March . His Ohio Gov. John Kasich among men , very conservative voters , and those with incomes over $ 50 , 000 has narrowed . In a hypothetical    between Trump Trump Cruz , with Kasich out of the race , Trump Trump leads Cruz Cruz 10 points ,   . The most recent Reuters tracking poll sees a similar narrowing of the the race Trump Trump Cruz Cruz 6 points among Republicans nationwide ,    percent . One month ago , Trump Trump Cruz Cruz 20 points . In the middle of March , Trump Trump nearing 50 percent support a majority of Republicans across the country . In the first two weeks of April , however , his Trump 50 percent support a majority of Republicans across the country clustered around the 40 percent level . The tightening of the race in the Reuters poll is attributable to defections among Trump Trump supporters . Trump currently Trump Cruz by 10 points among Republican men , one of his best Trump during the campaign . Throughout March , however , Trump led Trump among men by Cruz points or more . Among Republican women , Trump leads Trump by 3 points Cruz Cruz ’s support among Cruz surged after March 15 . Prior to that , Cruz ’s support among Cruz women was clustered around 20 percent in the Reuters poll . Today , he polls just above Cruz percent . Trump ’s Trump fallen from the    to the    30s since then . Among voters earning less than $ 50 , 000 a year , another core of Trump ’s support Trump the GOP frontrunner leads Cruz by just 3 points now ,   . In March , Trump regularly drew Trump than 50 percent support from these voters and led Cruz , at one time Cruz by 46 points among    Republicans . Another bedrock of Trump ’s support Trump Republicans with a    education or less . Throughout March , Trump regularly received over March percent of their support and led Trump by 30 points among these Cruz . Today , he gets 43 percent Trump from these voters and leads Cruz by these voters points . Cruz still dominates among Trump , his most supportive age Trump . He has the support Trump 49 percent of Republicans aged 65 or older . He leads Ted Cruz Trump these voters by Cruz . In contrast these voters leads Trump by 13 points Trump Cruz younger than 35 . Looking through the CBS poll and Reuters tracking data , the tightening GOP race is due to a hardening of supporters behind both Trump and Cruz . Trump was a window , Cruz    when Trump looked to be Trump his support across all Trump groups of voters . In many , he was regularly enjoying Trump from more than a majority of voters . Republican consolidation behind any one frontrunner seems long off today . As CBS notes from the poll : Perhaps reflecting the heated state of the race , these Republican primary voters do n’t see a single candidate as a party unifier . Each of the three candidates is viewed by a similar percentage as likely to bring the different factions of the Republican Party together . The RNC had crafted the primary calendar to ensure a quick decision on a nominee . The delegate allocation process included a lot of " bonuses " to the frontrunner to allow him or her to consolidate support among Republicans . By receiving a large share of delegates than their share of the votes , the RNC intended delegates presumptive nominee to emerge long RNC convention in Cleveland . Like many of the     RNC has n’t happened . Over the past two weeks , the GOP national race has tightened and will likely be hard fought until the very end of the primaries on June 7th . An entirely new phase of the contest will open then , leading right through the July convention . Mike Flynn is a delegate for its convention in Cleveland Illinois Congressional District 18 . 
 