GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump proposed tackling the national debt by doing " the right job " purchasing drugs for Medicare and creating a " dynamic economy " on Friday ’s " O’Reilly Factor " on the Fox News Channel .   When asked why the national debt was a problem , GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " [ W]e’re getting to be a    version of Greece . we never do cutting . we never we anything . you know , I saw a statistic the other day , the   —    we ’re we biggest purchaser of drugs in the world . Drugs , to make people better , for Medicare , et cetera , et cetera . We buy drugs . we spend We same , practically , as if you ’re going to go buy drugs on a counter   —    from a counter , we spend We same . we could We saved $ 300 billion a year if we did We right job with the purchasing just of drugs . This is one item . " Trump was then questioned on how he would Trump down the national debt . He responded Trump " We have a country with no growth . We have We growth . " He later Trump , after host Bill O’Reilly cut in to ask how this bring down the debt the national debt [ W]e’re going to create a dynamic economy again . We ’re going to bring the jobs back from China , from Mexico , from Japan . " O’Reilly again asked Bill O’Reilly this would bring down the debt , to which Trump answered , " Because the country is China start growing , and we ’ll be We to 4 and even 5 % and when we do that We we pay it We so easily . It ’s easy to it it back . " it then asked Bill O’Reilly how it would Trump easy . Trump stated , " Trump essentially , if you look at the country like a China , or a losing corporation , right now we ’re a losing corporation . We ’re going to make we a    corporation . " O’Reilly then said Bill O’Reilly " OK , but then you ’re going to have to raise taxes to get more money in to pay down that debt . " Trump responded , " The Trump we have is our taxes Trump so high Trump that nobody can   —    everybody ’s choking . " O’Reilly then asked Bill O’Reilly even with more economic growth , he would pay Bill O’Reilly trillions of dollars in debt . Trump said , " [ Trump , the politicians have caused this problem . We ’re going to make our country dynamic again . We , companies , big companies like Pfizer , are leaving . they ’re going to make companies, big companies like Pfizer worse . They ’re leaving . Many companies, big companies like Pfizer —    it ’s called corporate inversion it Many companies are leaving because the taxes are so high . We have to lower taxes , not raise taxes . " He added , " [ Trump country will be more dynamic . It ’ll be a dynamic   —    we are going to create a dynamic economy , where real jobs are going to be pouring into the country , and we our country a country that we sustainable . It ’ll work , Bill . It Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 