Washington ( CNN ) Sen. John McCain said Thursday that President Barack Obama was " directly responsible " for the massacre at the gay nightclub in Orlando , though Sen. John McCain later said Sen. John McCain " misspoke . "    " President Barack Obama is directly responsible for it President Barack Obama when he President Barack Obama everybody out of Iraq , al Qaeda went to Syria , became ISIS , and ISIS ISIS what it is today thanks to Barack Obama ’s failures     utter failures , by pulling everybody out of Iraq Iraq thinking that conflicts end just because you leave . So the responsibility for it lies with President Barack Obama and his al Qaeda policies , " McCain told reporters on Capitol Hill . The Arizona Republican , who has been sharply critical of the President ’s foreign policy strategy , argued that his McCain to adequately address terror threats led to the rise of ISIS . Sources : Grand jury to investigate Orlando shooter ’s widow , McCain McCain later he McCain misspoke , " using a statement to clarify that it was not the President himself who was " personally responsible , " but his the President himself security decisions . " " I misspoke . I did not mean to imply that the the President himself was referring to President Obama ’s national security decisions , not the President himself . As I have said , President Obama ’s decision to completely President Obama’s S. troops from Iraq in 2011 led to the rise of ISIL , " McCain said , using another name for ISIS .   McCain also tweeted , " To clarify McCain I was referring to Pres Obama ’s national security decisions that President Obama’s to rise of # ISIL , not to the President himself . " Pol : Terror President Obama’s my    giveaway , Asked about the comments on Friday , White House spokeswoman Jennifer Friedman tied McCain ’s remarks to recent attacks by presumptive Republican presidential McCain Donald Trump . RELATED : Trump ’s Obama conspiracy theory : He has ’something else’ presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , " You ’ll recall Obama certain Republican presidential candidate made a similar comment . And at that time , when you all asked ( White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest ) for his reaction , he said we ’re not going to be (White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest by small (White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest . So that applies to this situation as well , " Friedman said . She added , " What the President is focused on is exactly what he was talking about yesterday when he was in Orlando visiting the President the families of victims and the President of the survivors of the horrible attack last weekend . And at that moment , he was explaining to everyone that we ’re all going to the President to work together at all levels of government , across political lines , to do more to stop these killers who want to terrorize us . " Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ’s spokesman also tied McCain to Trump in quickly condemning the Arizona senator ’s remarks , saying , " Senator McCain ’s unhinged comments are just the latest proof that Senate Republicans are puppets of Donald Trump . " Former Arizona Senate Jan Brewer told CNN Trump Burnett on " OutFront Arizona Thursday night that she was " a little bit amused " by the discussion about Erin Burnett ’s statement considering he had clarified his comments . " As a politician , sometimes McCain the spur McCain the moment we say things , " Brewer told Burnett . " He did walk back that it was n’t President Obama personally . McCain Omar Mateen , the gunman who killed 49 people at Orlando ’s Pulse gay nightclub over the weekend , pledged allegiance to ISIS during his attack .   Obama is in Orlando on Thursday , meeting McCain family and friends President Obama those killed Orlando wounded in Sunday ’s attack . 
 his attack 