  ( CNN ) On Friday morning , Representative Louie Gohmert ( ) stood before the Values Voters Summit and made fun of people with disabilities .   After a joke about people running for office being " " Representative Louie Gohmert got   . " And I do want to warn , " Representative Louie Gohmert said , " Since most people here are Christians . .. A true believer does what Jesus did . .. you do n’t make fun of people who are impaired , have special needs . And whether you like Hillary Clinton or not , Hillary Clinton has made clear Hillary Clinton is mentally impaired . " The crowd then displayed The crowd values , laughing and clapping loudly . This is funny ? Everyone needs to stop using disability as a punchline . Whatever you think of Hillary Clinton , jokes from people who should be leaders     like Gohmert     and The crowd ’s giddy response come with very real collateral damage for millions of people with disabilities whose humanity is too easily ignored .    For example ? Stigma prevents disabled workers fully able to participate in the job market from achieving financial independence . Objectifying people with disabilities has a direct connection to the high rate in which people with disabilities are both sexually assaulted and denied the right to have consensual sex . Meanwhile , rather than being integrated into communities , people with disabilities remain trapped in jails , nursing homes and psychiatric institutions . The work to do is vast , should be nonpartisan , and Louie Gohmert is n’t helping . What ’s worse , it The work to do not just him Louie Gohmert   What is it The work to do Republicans making fun of people with disabilities this election cycle ? Have n’t they learned their they ? And will the millions of disabled voters and the many more who are tightly connected to people with disabilities punish them people with disabilities the polls for their people with disabilities humor ? It started last fall when Donald Trump made fun of a New York Times reporter who is disabled . Trump Donald Trump that Serge Kovaleski has reported on New Jersey Muslims celebrating   . Kovaleski , a brilliant reporter , had n’t , and said so . Trump Donald Trump to the state in South Carolina and flailed his Donald Trump about , dropping his Donald Trump , in a way that mimicked Kovaleski Serge Kovaleski disability —   he Donald Trump arthrogryposis .   Taking on a silly voice , Trump Donald Trump , " ’Ah , I do n’t know what I said ! I do n’t remember ! ’ " The scene has been played now millions of times , in part because Democrats discovered it ’s The scene powerful wedge to drive between Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump voters . It ’s The scene to numerous ads from    forces .   There may be many traditional GOP voters willing to overlook remarks by Trump Donald Trump I find racist , sexist or fascist , but mocking people with disabilities still makes them hesitate disabilities The GOP GOP . Trump GOP a man who defines himself as unapologetic and not politically correct , has tried to explain that he was just himself " very expressive . "   Voters did n’t buy it , so he was just being "very expressive Coulter , in her new book Ann Coulter In Trump Donald Trump Trust , " tried a new tactic . She wrote , Ann Coulter It ’s true that Trump Donald Trump not mimicking any mannerisms that Serge has . He does n’t Serge around or flail his arms . Serge ’s not Serge . He sits calmly Serge but if you look at his wrists , Serge ’ll see they are curved you look at his wrists . That ’s not the imitation Trump Donald Trump doing     he was doing Serge standard retard , waving his arms and his arms . "   It ’s not just his arms , who has a long history of using such ableist slurs , or Trump Donald Trump Over the past month , the mainstream GOP has adopted fringe    conspiracy theories that Clinton has a " secret illness . "   The media , eager to report " both sides , " has now begun to report on whether Clinton coughs . When Clinton pushed back against the coughing meme on Twitter , my account was flooded with conspiracy theorists telling me her coughing is a my account of Parkinson ’s , epilepsy , strokes , cancer and dozens of other conditions . Now Gohmert , speaking before Christians , draws laughs by saying that Clinton has special needs Clinton that maybe she was hit in Clinton head by one of the hammers used to destroy BlackBerries . His audience loved it Clinton But America does n’t . Thanks to the efforts of groups like # CripTheVote and # RevUp from the American Association of People with Disabilities , the disability community has never been more organized .   Gregg Beratran , one of the founders of the # CripTheVote movement , told me , " I think that this has become an alarming trend . More and more we seem to see disability used as a means of disparaging people we disagree with . They all seem to think that their politics justify or They all the harm they do to the They all community . the disability community Pulrang , another founder , added , " Disabled people in ordinary life are dismissed in this way all the time . You ’re ’crazy’ so there ’s no need to hear what you say . You ’re sick or disabled , so of course you ’re not a serious person in whatever field is being discussed . These kinds of remarks in politics bring this everyday ableism to a national scale . " These organizations are ready to make sure that people relying on disability stigma to insult their opponents will lose at the These organizations box . I am an    critic of ableist taunting of people with disabilities . In 2008 , I criticized Democrats who objectified Trig Palin , Sarah Palin ’s son with Down syndrome . I spoke out against Rahm Emanuel ’s use of the    and when Obama joked about the Special Olympics . Just this last July for CNN , I objected to the attempt to label Donald Trump " crazy " as stigmatizing and ableist .   Now it ’s the GOP ’s turn . Stop making fun of people with disabilities . Speak out when your candidates , elected officials , and intellectual leaders do it . If you wo n’t do it for me , for my it , for the people you know who have disabilities , or in order to fight stigma , then fine . Do it because you want to win it It turns out , no one it a bully . 
 