PENSACOLA , Florida   —    Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence listed several of a multitude of Wikileaks revelations surrounding Hillary Clinton and those close to Hillary Clinton as Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence spoke to several hundred Americans gathered for a    rally in Pensacola , Florida on Friday . [ Pence made a commitment that a President Donald Trump ’s only special interest would be the American people .   " I know the media goes running after   …     one issue or another when it comes to my running mate , " said Pence , adding , " there ’s an avalanche of     politics , an avalanche of political favoritism and outright corruption that ’s in print in these emails and it gets scant media attention . " Pence was speaking of the flow of emails from Wikileaks that involve Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . Pence referenced one such email that revealed a paid speech by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to a Canadian company , as released by Wikileaks . " When Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was in Canada Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton called for a system just like theirs , " Pence said referring to the country ’s centralized healthcare system . He mentioned another of the emails in which Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton spoke of having both a public and private position on issues . In another paid speech Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton told a Brazilian bank that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton dreamed of a hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders , said Pence . Pence referred to the email from Clinton ’s communications director , whom Clinton said , " made the most contemptible statements about people of the Catholic faith , people of the evangelical faith . " " No apology ever coming from Clinton or the campaign for those demeaning statements , " remarked Pence . Earlier this week Pence called on Clinton Clinton denounce the statements made in emails now released by Wikileaks . " One of the emails now released by Wikileaks out that the   —    Hillary Clinton campaign was actually in touch with Obama Administration ’s Department of Justice to get updates on the very investigation of her own email Obama Administration’s Department of Justice " said Pence . Pence called on Clinton It said they got a heads up when information was going to go public . " Pence went Pence called on Clinton to say : We found out today after Hillary Clinton Clinton repeatedly that no action that she had ever Clinton when she was in Clinton State Department ever Obama Administration’s Department of Justice benefitted any of the donors or anyone in their larger political circle . We the donors or anyone out by email this We , ABC News reported this , that in fact after Haiti experienced that devastating earthquake in 2010 , and the State Department was overseeing 10 Obama Administration’s Department of Justice relief efforts . A senior official for the Secretary of State actually sent an email indicating that businesses that were applying for contracts in Haiti should be flagged if they were friends Haiti the Clintons . He businesses that were applying for contracts in Haiti , " That ’s nothing short A senior official for the Secretary of State     politics on a global scale and it ’s exactly the kind of     politics that ’s going to a crashing halt the day that Donald Trump becomes President of the United States . " " When Donald Trump becomes your president , his only Donald Trump will be you , the Donald Trump people , and he ’s gon na fight for you , for Donald Trump prosperity and your security every , single day , " declared Pence . " In spite of the willful ignorance in the media , " said Pence , " Despite the constant , constant attacks Pence against my running mate in the national press , we ’re continuing to see momentum all across the country because neighbors are talking to neighbors , coworkers are talking to coworkers , " said Pence as he encouraged the crowd to " go Pence somebody . " " If you ’re wearing one of those red hats , do n’t take it off for 25 days . Sleep in that thing , " he said .   Frank White , candidate for he District 2 in Tallahassee , took the stage shortly before Pence . He remarked about Trump ’s over    Pence in he estate , construction , and entertainment and his own experience in the car industry . " he thing you learn quickly in a car lot is a bad deal is a bad deal , " said White , who added that Trump will stop the " stupid deals " coming Trump of Washington , D. C. " I believe that Trump will abide by the Constitution , " local Trump Odom told Breitbart News just as the rally was about to begin . " I ’m a firm believer in the Bill of Rights . " Karen Hoston , a vacationer in the area who decided it was important to come out to the rally , said , " I ’m voting the rally as much as I ’m voting ’m Trump . He ’s a man ’m ’m one we can be Trump of . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 