Thursday on MSNBC ’s " Andrea Mitchell Reports , " Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) said Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) did not believe Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump when Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump comments urging Russia to hack into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s email were " sarcastic " and that Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) believed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump violated the Logan Act and should be " investigated for that . "   Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) said , " Well , it ’s very clear to Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is unfit and , frankly , I think he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump dangerous . I believe there ’s a chance he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the law with what he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , inviting a    of Russia , a dictator what has violated all of our principles of liberty and freedom in Russia Russia The notion that he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump invite a foreign nation to conduct an attack against our Russia ’s beyond the pale and I believe it violates it Logan Act and he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump be investigated for that . I do n’t think it was a joke at all . And it certainly it n’t a joke when he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump pull the plug on NATO if he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump president . And , by the way , that had Putin Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in the halls . Putin Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump excited about Donald Trump being president of the United States . That notion make it very happy because he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump roll through Ukraine and other countries that used to be part of the Soviet Union because that ’s his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is to take back that territory and he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Trump is Donald Trump capable and is getting in his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 