Washington ( CNN ) The departing leader of the Senate Democrats , Harry Reid , blasted    Donald Trump on Friday as having " emboldened the forces of hate and bigotry " and said the responsibility for unifying the country is in   Donald Trump hands .   " The election of Donald Trump has emboldened the forces of hate and bigotry in America , " Reid , the Senate minority leader , said in a stinging statement , which is a departure from the strategy of other leading Democrats .   Both Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama have argued that Trump Donald Trump be given a chance to lead . Obama President Barack Obama Trump Donald Trump the White House Thursday and said they Both Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama an excellent meeting . There was no such welcome from Reid . " White nationalists , Vladimir Putin and ISIS are celebrating Donald Donald Trump , while innocent ,    Americans are wracked with fear     especially African Americans , Hispanic Americans , Muslim Americans , LGBT Americans and Asian Americans , " Reid continued . Reid Watching white nationalists celebrate while innocent Americans cry tears of fear does not feel like America . " An aide to Reid explained that Reid Nevada Democrat was firing away now because he was " veteran Nevada Democrat by the rush to normalize Trump . " The aide said An aide to Reid more fire from Reid in the Reid days . Reid , who did not seek    this year , also accused Trump of being a Trump sexual predator "     a reference to the   women who have said that Trump assaulted them . Trump of Spokespeople Reid, who did not seek   this year Trump did not immediately Trump of CNN requests for comment Friday .   But Democratic West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin , who is up for    in 2018 , condemned Reid ’s remarks in a statement , saying they " needlessly feed Democratic West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin, who is up for   in 2018 very divisiveness that is tearing this country apart . " " Senator Harry Reid ’s Reid    Trump is wrong ! It is an absolute embarrassment to the Senate as an institution , our Democratic party , and the nation . I want to be very clear , he does not speak for me Trump " Manchin said . Reid Rep. Peter King added his condemnation to the fray , Republican Rep. Peter King CNN on Friday that Reid was a disgrace . " That sounds like some old    at the end of the bar who is just angry at life , angry at the world , angry that he ’s on the way out Republican Rep. Peter King nobody cares , " King told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Peter King " CNN Situation Room . " " I mean , that is really disgraceful to talk that way . "   Trump struggled last year to disavow the support of former Ku Klux Klan Leader David Duke and Trump has proposed banning Muslims from Trump the country . Trump has flatly denied that he Trump any women , in Trump instance saying he would n’t have because the Trump was ugly .   Steve Bannon , who is being considered for Trump ’s White House chief of Trump ran the website Breitbart . com which published numerous stories catering to white nationalists . But the Trump campaign and Trump himself have distanced Trump from those Trump the past few the Trump campaign and Trump himself , flatly disavowing Duke in the final weeks of the race . Since winning the election , Trump has struck a more conciliatory tone , Trump for unity now that he is headed to the White House . Trump ’s election has spurred worries that racism Trump more widespread . A video of two high school students in central Pennsylvania chanting " White power ! " went viral Thursday . 
 