NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump officially announced Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump running mate in a tweet on Friday , but the two appeared together for the first time in New York City on Saturday morning , where the billionaire touted the duo as the " law and order candidates . " [ " I found the leader who will help us deliver a safe society , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said of Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump " first choice " for vice president ( VP ) Pence . " We are the law and order candidates . "   Speaking to a group of roughly 300 supporters inside a ballroom at the Hilton in Midtown Manhattan , Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump added , " I ’ve admired the work Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s done especially in the state of Indiana . " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said Pence will help Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump fix the " rigged system " in Washington , D. C. " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump fights for the people and Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s going to fight for you , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump added , calling Pence a solid person . " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said " one of the reasons is part of unity " for why Pence was Pence as his Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump . As an outsider , he Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump Pence   —    who has experience both in Congress and as a governor   —    can help unite the party . Trump also praised Pence ’s Pence on decreasing unemployment in Indiana , increasing the labor force , growing private sector jobs and balancing the budget . The real estate mogul compared the Indiana governor Indiana who he said is a " man of honor , " to presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , who Trump labeled Trump " corrupt person . " The presumptive Republican nominee took time to comment on the recent terrorist attack in Nice , France and the turmoil in Turkey , blaming presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and President Obama for the unrest and terrorism across the world . " We ’ve witnessed horror beyond belief . No matter where you look and now it ’s happening more and more , " Trump added about terrorism . " We need new leadership . We need We thinking . We need We . We need We our country We and order and if I ’m elected president , that will happen . " " After four years of Clinton who really led the way and led Obama down a horrible path because I do n’t even think she could Clinton made these decisions so badly   …      Iraq , Syria   —    all into chaos   —    and Iran is on a path to nuclear weapons , " Trump criticized of his rival Trump the former secretary of state . " Now we ’re seeing unrest in Turkey   —    a further demonstration of the failures of   . " The presumptive Republican nominee originally planned to appear with Pence on Friday morning in New York City , but due to the terrorist attack in Nice , France on Thursday night the event was postponed until Saturday . " I thank Donald Trump with the confidence you ’ve placed in us , " Pence said Pence his family Donald Trump he took Donald Trump podium after the billionaire introduced him . Donald Trump I come to this moment deeply humbled . " Trump ’s Donald Trump he was grateful Trump’s VP God for the opportunity to be Trump ’s running Donald Trump , saying the billionaire will the billionaire leadership to Washington , D. C. " Donald Trump is Donald Trump man and he will make a Donald Trump President of the United States of America , " he praised . " Donald Trump Trump understands the Donald Trump the hopes of the American people [ like no one has ] since Ronald Reagan . " The Indiana governor praised Trump Donald Trump leadership in comparison Donald Trump . Pence had endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) during the Indiana GOP primary   —    but sang praise for Trump as well during the primary endorsement   Donald Trump    and in early May , Pence vowed that he would back the presumptive Republican Pence . Donald Trump billionaire commented on Pence ’s earlier endorsement of the presumptive Republican nominee joking about Pence he also praised Trump During Cruz ’s endorsement Donald Trump " He Donald Trump about Trump   Cruz      Ted Donald Trump —    Donald Trump went back to Trump , " the presumptive Donald Trump nominee recalled . Donald Trump I said , ‘ the presumptive Republican nominee ? ’ " The crowd laughed , Donald Trump Trump added , " It was the single greatest Donald Trump I ’ve ever had . " Following the joint appearance together in New York City , Pence is traveling back to his home state for a " Welcome Home Rally Donald Trump in Zionsville , Indiana scheduled for Saturday night . 
 