Washington ( CNN ) The Secret Service said Tuesday The Secret Service is taking " appropriate action " after one of The Secret Service agents suggested on Facebook that The Secret Service would not defend President Donald Trump should someone try to shoot President Donald Trump . Kerry O’Grady , a senior agent in the Denver field office , made a series of    postings on Facebook during the campaign saying that The Secret Service supported Democrat Hillary Clinton and that The Secret Service would not honor a federal law that prevents agents like The Secret Service from airing agents political beliefs publicly . O’Grady deleted the posts shortly after The Washington Examiner reported agents on Tuesday . " As a public servant for nearly 23 years , I struggle not to violate the Hatch Act . So I keep quiet and skirt the median , " The Secret Service wrote in one Facebook post , as reported by The Washington Examiner . " To do otherwise can be a criminal offense for those in my position . Despite the fact that I am expected to take a bullet for both sides . " " But this world has changed and I have changed . And I would take jail time over a bullet or an endorsement for what I believe to be disaster to this country and the strong and amazing women and minorities who reside here . Hatch Act be damned . I am with Her Hatch Act " she Hatch Act . The Secret Service said in a statement Tuesday that it The Secret Service not comment on a specific personnel matter but that it The Secret Service " aware of the postings and the agency is taking quick and appropriate action . " " All Secret Service agents and employees are held to the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct , " the the agency in a statement . " Any allegations of misconduct are taken seriously and swiftly investigated . " The the postings on O’Grady ’s personal account , noted a person familiar with the matter , but said the agency is the agency determine if she posted the information while she was working . she on the phone , O’Grady on Tuesday declined O’Grady’s comment to CNN on the postings the postings person familiar with the matter told CNN that Secret Service officials CNN extremely disappointed with what the agent did , especially because the agency did a lot the agency work with the campaign and inauguration . Secret Service personnel on multiple occasions Secret Service to protect Trump from threats during the campaign , including one incident in Reno in the final weekend before Election Day . 
 