  ( CNN ) Chuck Schumer arrived for Chuck Schumer first day as Senate Democratic leader to a large , new Capitol suite still strewn with unpacked boxes . " It ’s a little fancier than I ’m used to , but It goes with the territory , " Chuck Schumer told us , as Chuck Schumer sat down for Chuck Schumer maiden television interview as the Senate ’s top Democrat . Chuck Schumer was hoping to be the new Democratic Senate majority leader , working with Hillary Clinton in the White House . Instead , Chuck Schumer is leading the Trump opposition . The former would have been more fun , Chuck Schumer conceded , but Chuck Schumer says being minority leader now is " more important . " Here ’s how Chuck Schumer described a recent phone conversation with Donald Trump : " I said , ’Mr .    you went after both the Democratic and Republican establishments when you ran you were an    change candidate . But by your Cabinet picks and your early pronouncements , you seem to be embracing your timeworn ,    hard right,’ "    recalled . " If you do that , your presidency will not come close to being a success , "    told Trump . For Schumer , success will be even more complicated . Schumer has to walk a very fine line between when to work with Trump and when to oppose him Schumer Schumer Schumer it Schumer " accountability . " " The only way we ’re going to work with him Schumer if he Schumer completely in our we and abandons his Schumer colleagues , " Schumer Schumer . Schumer Schumer ’We’re not compromising for its Schumer sake’ " % of the time , we ’ll be holding his Schumer to the fire , holding him Schumer . But we ’re Democrats , we Democrats not going to just oppose things to oppose them Democrats " he Schumer . Schumer Schumer his Schumer career in the House in 1981 , and served there until successfully defeating longtime Republican Sen. Alfonse D’Amato in 1998 . He Schumer the Democratic ranks as a fierce partisan and prolific fundraiser , but in recent years turned his Schumer to also becoming a successful legislator who can work across the aisle . He Schumer a key role in crafting bipartisan Senate immigration reform in 2013 , though the bill stalled in the House and never became law . Schumer loves being the center of deal making , a lot like the incoming president .    " Well , here ’s the problem . The Republicans in the Senate and the the House been run by a hard right group , " said Schumer . Schumer : Schumer wish we had n’t triggered ’nuclear option’ But what about now that they have a dealmaker in the White the House Look , we ’re going to we at the specifics , " Schumer said . " Schumer on the overwhelming bunch of it , particularly given who he ’s chosen as Schumer Cabinet people , Schumer ’re going to have to oppose him because we just Schumer in we . "   " Of course I ’d like to make a deal , " he added . Many Schumer scoff at the notion of Schumer even considering any Schumer of compromise with Trump . Democracy for America , a leading progressive group , said : " Democratic leaders from Chuck Schumer down need Schumer playing footsie with Trump and pretending we can Trump . " Schumer ’s response : " Schumer playing no footsie . My views are exactly the same as Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders . "   " If we can work with him and be true to our Trump , we ’re not we to reject we . But overall , we Trump sticking to our principles we " he said we   The two Trump Yorkers have a history . Schumer says he does n’t know Trump well Schumer but he was one Schumer ’s of Schumer political donors Schumer Schumer confirmed New York Post reporting Schumer the    told him he likes Schumer than GOP Schumer Schumer   Schumer new Democratic leader said he was Schumer also not flattered . Schumer When you get to be in my position , people do tend to want to flatter you and you ’ve got to take it with a grain of salt , " he said my position Trump is hardly Schumer ’s only concern Schumer He ’s also going to Schumer the de facto leader Trump the movement to fix the defeated Democratic Party . Schumer confirms Trump told him he likes him better than Schumer , Trump What Schumer Schumer to Schumer is look at this election in Republicans eye and see what we did wrong . I think we know what we Republicans wrong . We have always Republicans a party Republicans a    economic Republicans that talks about helping the middle class and people who want to get to the middle class get there more easily . We did n’t have that in this election , " Republicans said . " So that this election in the eye Trump ’s positions were much further away from where the middle class is and what they want , he seemed the middle class person talking to them . Trump’s positions The New Schumer Democrat says he will help his party Trump’s positions what he calls a " focused and The New York Democrat message . The New York Democrat " And here The New York Democrat the good news . Some people say , ’Which direction do you go in ? The old Obama coalition or the new blue collar?’ If we have a    economic message , it unites our party . It unites Joe Manchin ( a West Virginia collar?’ ) to Bernie Sanders collar?’ a Vermont liberal ) both of whom are on my leadership team , " Schumer said .   " It unites the    worker in Scranton , Pennsylvania , the college student paying her loans in Los Angeles , the single mom in Harlem who ’s Joe Manchin (a West Virginia moderate) minimum wage , " he said , seeming to take the message for a   . It Schumer be just the task for the man who put himself on the political map in the1980s by being media savvy . It Schumer then that he realized that Sundays were a great day to make news ( especially Schumer New York Times ) so he started holding regular Sunday news conferences . In the 1990s , one Schumer the running jokes in Washington was that the most dangerous place in to be in the District was between Schumer and a television camera ( Schumer says it was originally former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole ’s line Schumer Schumer used his publicity prowess to push through the Brady gun law ) Schumer But Schumer ’s no longer true . Over the past several years , Schumer has tried to be more disciplined . He ’s more likely to Schumer be on his cell phone in the Schumer hallways , or pretend to be , Schumer order to avoid talking to reporters , " In the early days , the press was a very good way to bring out problems that needed to be fixed . Now , I have other levers of power , so I ’m hardly inaccessible . And you can say a lot of bad things about Chuck Schumer and accessibility is never going to be one of them , Schumer said with a knowing laugh . The same goes for Chuck Schumer and accessibility . Though Schumer proudly declared that he bought a new suit for his first day as Schumer , he is Schumer still the same rumpled guy Schumer slept for    years on Schumer mattress next to the kitchen in a rundown group house owned by former Rep. George Miller . He now lives in an apartment , which is why he told us he Schumer excited to have a large balcony outside his Capitol Schumer . " Schumer ’re going to try to find out if Schumer can have barbeques , us Schumer said with genuine excitement . After a us more minutes , the New Schumer told us he had to get back to work . After all , he laughed us Schumer ca n’t spend all his time doing press . 
 Schumer Schumer Schumer 