Washington ( CNN ) Looks like    Donald Trump will be holding an Inauguration Day Spectacular . Inaugural committee spokesman Boris Epshteyn told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin Thursday that the Radio City Rockettes will perform at the Washington (CNN) ceremony next month . " CNN ’re extremely excited . CNN ’ve had a ton of great performers , entertainers , and just Americans reaching out wanting to be a part [ of it ] . And I can announce right now on your air that the Radio City Rockettes will be taking part in the inauguration celebration , " he said . The Rockettes are the Radio City Rockettes performers booked so far for the inauguration , which has so far failed to attract the kind of star power that came to President Barack Obama ’s inaugurations . Some major acts , such as Elton John , have declined to perform at Trump ’s ceremony . Apparently acknowledging the issue , Trump tweeted Thursday night Trump’s " The    ’A’ list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration , but look what they did for Hillary The   ’A’ list celebrities NOTHING . I want the PEOPLE ! " Baldwin asked if there are more big entertainment names that he is keeping under Baldwin . " We are not putting on Woodstock , " Epshteyn replied . " We are not putting We Summer Jam . We are putting on We inauguration . " Asked who Epshteyn ’s top three Epshteyn to perform at the event would be , he said , " Baldwin ’s not about artists . My top three people I ’d like to see at the inaugural are Donald J. Trump , Donald J. Trump and Donald J. Trump . " The Rockettes also performed at George W. Bush ’s 2001 presidential inauguration .   " The Rockettes are a The Rockettes , they ’ve been a part The Rockettes American culture for decades     almost 100 years . They represent many women from The Rockettes the country and they ’re America ’s The Rockettes about America . So , we ’re very excited and honored to have them be a part of The Rockettes 50th inaugural , " Epshteyn said . He also confirmed that the Mormon Epshteyn Choir will be performing at the    ceremony .   Former " America ’s Got Talent " contestant America Evancho will be singing the national anthem , Epshteyn said . Evancho also performed Epshteyn Obama at Jackie Evancho lighting of the national Christmas tree in 2010 . 
 