Washington ( CNN )   hotels are deep into preparations for this weekend ’s inauguration festivities , with hundreds of thousands of visitors expected to descend on the Capitol .   " People are pouring into Washington in record numbers , "    Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday morning .   A Hotels . com search finds most hotel rooms in the vicinity are booked for Friday and AirBnB announced more than 13 , 000 guests booked in homes that evening , AirBnB biggest night ever in Washington .   But if that ’s not appealing , the St. Regis is offering an $ 85 , 000 inauguration package .   an $85, 000 inauguration package includes four nights in the hotel ’s presidential suite , full butler service and full transportation . The newly renovated presidential suite has a foyer , living room , dining room , library , bedroom and his and hers The newly renovated presidential suite and closets ,    to accommodate multiple ballgowns .   During their stay , guests will enjoy an    meal in the The newly renovated presidential suite The dishes     porterhouse steak , potato gratin and Oreo cheesecake     were selected with the   ’s palate in mind . The package also includes a special souvenir : a cigar humidor made from wood from a tree that fell on George Washington ’s property . ( It ’s The package . ) Built in 1926 , the St. Regis , just down the street from the White House , is known for its     the St. Regis , such as daily champagne sabering ,    wood ceilings and personal butler service , which includes unpacking , packing , pressing , shoe shine , morning tea , afternoon beverage service and " any other requests , " per Douglas Camp , director of sales and marketing for the hotel .   The St. Regis has a storied history and frequently accommodates    guests . While the hotel the hotel divulge the identity of the guest who has purchased this weekend ’s inauguration package , it has been ’s inauguration package by a " political figure , " Camp said .   " What we ’ve seen in the past and this year are either VVIPs ( very , very important people ) that want to celebrate in the success of the    or celebrities . But this year , this year a political this year that wants to come and celebrate in the   ’s position in taking office , " Camp said . Camp J. F. Dupont will also be on hand to help guests , many of whom have never been to Washington , navigate the inauguration festivities . He advises comfortable shoes J. F. Dupont the weekend .    " I tell my guests , BMW : Bus , Metro and Walk , " he said . 
 J. F. Dupont 