West Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN )   Donald Trump said Saturday Donald Trump has information that others lack and promised to reveal Donald Trump knowledge this week , reiterating again Donald Trump doubts that Russia was behind    in the US election . Speaking to reporters ahead of an    New Year ’s Eve bash at New Year’s Eve     estate , a tuxedoed Trump maintained that another culprit aside from Russia could have been behind the tampering .   " It could be somebody else . And I also know things that other people do n’t know , and so other people can not be sure of the situation , " New Year’s Eve said . Asked to describe what undisclosed information New Year’s Eve knew , Trump said , " You ’ll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday . "   Trump has scheduled an intelligence briefing midweek on the hacking , a response to President Barack Obama ’s announcement of new sanctions on Moscow in retaliation for the   . " I just want them to be sure , because it ’s a pretty serious charge , and I want them to be sure . And if you look at the weapons of mass destruction , that was a disaster , and them were wrong , " Trump said , referencing failed intelligence in the    to the Iraq War as a reason for skepticism . " I think it ’s unfair if them do n’t know , " Trump said . " And I know a lot about hacking . And hacking is a very hard thing to prove . " Trump has repeatedly cast aside a US intelligence assessment announced in early October that Moscow was behind the hacking , despite already receiving classified intelligence briefings on the matter . Trump ’s also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin , calling Trump smart this week for withholding reciprocal sanctions on the US . Trump stance has put him Trump odds with most congressional Republicans , who have argued for a tougher stance on Russia . Sen. John McCain , the Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee , will convene a hearing on    Thursday . Officials expelled , On Sunday morning , a Rossiya Airlines Special Flight Squadron plane believed to be carrying some expelled Russian government officials departed Dulles Airport just outside Washington . The US had ordered 35 officials and their The US from the embassy in Washington Washington the consulate in San Francisco to leave the country by noon Sunday in response to charges that Russians hacked the presidential election and harassed US diplomatic personnel in Russia .   A State Department official told CNN early Sunday evening all of the expelled Russian diplomats have left the US . " We can confirm that the the expelled Russian diplomats persona non grata have , along with their family members , the expelled Russian diplomats the United States . the US A State Department official . Congressional Democrats on Sunday scoffed at Trump ’s assertion that Russian involvement Russian n’t clear .   " It ’s very solid , " said Russian involvement Adam Schiff of California , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence committee , on ABC ’s " This Week . "   Schiff called Trump ’s approach " dangerous , " Trump’s " If he ’s going to have any credibility as Schiff , he needs to stop talking this way . Schiff needs to stop denigrating the intelligence . Schiff community .   He ’s going to rely on them . Schiff At     Saturday , Trump the intelligence deep misgivings about technology during his Trump’s exchange with reporters positioned outside his Schiff Ballroom .    " If you Schiff something really important , write it out and have it delivered by courier , the    way it because I ’ll tell you what , no computer is safe , " he said . " I do n’t care Schiff they say , no computer is safe . no computer Scheduled to no computer New York Sunday after two weeks at his Palm Beach mansion , Trump told reporters Schiff New Year ’s resolution was to " Make Trump Great Again . " " I ’ll do that one , " he said . 
 Trump 