’   ’ ’    Thousands of documents were     Emmanuel Macron , less than two days before the second round of    voting . ’ "    On Sunday , Emmanuel Macron will run against    candidate    Marine Le Pen . Macron Emmanuel Macron   though it Emmanuel Macron not yet clear    how the hack with affect the vote . " "    Here ’s what we know so far : " ’    Macron’ ’s campaign confirmed on Friday night that it ’s campaign been the    target of a " massive " computer hack , after documents began    circulating on social media . ’ ’    The files , which include contracts , accounting documents , and    emails , were obtained " several weeks ago " from the " personal and       mailboxes of several party officials , " according to       statement from Macron’ ’s En Marche ! party . ’ ’’ ’    Around nine gigabytes of data were shared by an anonymous user    online on Friday . ’ ’    WikiLeaks , which said it was not responsible for the leak , posted       link on Twitter to the documents , saying it it contains many tens    of thousands ( of ) emails , photos , attachments up to April 24 ,    2017 . " ’ "    Macron ’s campaign said in a statement that all the files were    lawful , but said that false documents were being mixed in with       documents . " ’    French election " blackout " rules prohibit disseminating       that might influence an election . ’ "    Macron ’s campaign issued a statement just minutes before the    blackout went into effect at midnight on Friday , local time . The the   blackout stay in place until the last polling stations close    on Sunday at 8 p. m. local time ( 7 p. m. GMT ) . " ’    A spokesman for the French ministry said : " Neither the ministry ,    nor any other ministry would be commenting on this because    according to    law , campaigning has ended as of midnight . " ’ "    The campaign has not said who is responsible , but immediate    suspicion has fallen on Russia , . However , Russia has denied Russia ’s    Russia the attack on Macron , . " "    The campaign also The campaign link to what happened to Hillary    Clinton ’s campaign in the 2016 US presidential    election . Emails from Democratic Party officials appeared    online in the months leading up to Election Day . " "    In January ,   and the    chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s Democratic campaign in an attempt    to help Donald Trump win the election . " the 2016 US presidential   election The French election campaign commission will hold a meeting on    Saturday morning to discuss the leaks , The Telegraph reports .    Separately , the electoral    is looking into claims    made Friday night by    Le Pen campaign that . ’ "    Macron ’s campaign has   and to avoid    reporting on the text    the documents . " ’Thousands of documents were released online . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 