Portsmouth , New Hampshire ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders finally offered Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders endorsement on Tuesday , ending Portsmouth, New Hampshire (CNN) bitter rivalry at a campaign rally here in Portsmouth .   But while Bernie Sanders is now officially on the Clinton train , some of Bernie Sanders supporters are refusing to join Bernie Sanders .   Even after the joint event , where Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders declared war on Donald Trump and praised each others’ political careers and policies , some voters who supported Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primary simply said this about Hillary Clinton : " Never Hillary . " The skepticism     and even animosity     that some here expressed is a clear sign of the work Hillary Clinton will have to do to win over populist liberals in the months to come .   Bernie Sanders endorses Hillary Hillary Clinton Sam Weaver , 24 , of Webster , Massachusetts , said there was nothing Clinton could Hillary Clinton or do to win his support Hillary Clinton and that he was Hillary Clinton yet convinced Sanders could not emerge the Democratic nominee . " If he gets Hillary Clinton nomination , then we ’ll run with it all the way to November , " Weaver said . Weaver added Weaver he does Weaver want Trump to win the White House . But asked whether he worries Weaver would Weaver helping Trump by Trump Party candidate Jill Stein or writing in Sanders in November , November shrugged Weaver saying he believes Weaver are ways for Congress to " restrict " Trump ’s power Trump   " Anything but Hillary , " said Will , 23 , from Salem , Massachusetts .   " I do n’t believe that someone who five days ago was being hounded by the FBI is someone I would trust with my future , " he said , someone who five days ago was being hounded by the FBI reference to the investigation into Clinton ’s use of a personal email server during her tenure at Clinton State Department . The FBI concluded the FBI the FBI that it would not recommend the FBI charges against Clinton , though its Clinton , James the FBI , said the probe had shown Clinton and others had Clinton " careless . " For her part , Clinton Clinton Sanders’ supporters Clinton in her speech Tuesday , Clinton that her former rival ’s Clinton had begun a political revolution .   " Sen. Sanders has brought people off the sidelines and into the political process . He has energized and Sen. Sanders a generation of young people who care deeply about our country , " she said . " Clinton everyone here and everyone across the country who poured our country and soul into Sen. Sanders’ campaign : Thank you . "   Her campaign also created Clinton $ 27 donation button on its website , a nod Her campaign the average donation Sanders received during his primary run fueled by Sanders donors that became a calling card of his effort . Kathy Bouchard Sanders her inability to support Clinton Kathy Bouchard everything to do with trust .   " She has not won my Kathy Bouchard , " said Bouchard , a     woman from Maine who is unemployed . " She may be saying these Kathy Bouchard to win over Bernie Sanders’ supporters but I just do n’t quite believe it . " The only scenario in which Bouchard could imagine herself voting Kathy Bouchard Clinton is Kathy Bouchard the former Clinton of state chose Sanders as her running mate .   Clinton ’s friend , Seth Kathy Bouchard , chimed in that he would " likely"’ support Kathy Bouchard in November     but Clinton because he viewed Trump as the Kathy Bouchard of two evils .   " If she ’s talking about those Clinton of issues now , " Berner said , referring to Seth Berner important to working and middle class and unemployed Americans , " it ’s only because she was starting to lose Clinton and caucuses to things that Bernie has been saying . " Asked what he thought of Clinton ’s Seth Berner , Berner said : " I Seth Berner n’t hear her speech . I left Clinton’s speech ’s . " 
 Bernie 