  ( CNN ) President Trump ’s nominee for secretary of the Navy , Philip Bilden , has withdrawn President Trump name from consideration , Bilden and Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said Sunday in statements . Bilden Bilden Mattis’ statements said Bilden ’s Bilden created complications . He recently retired Bilden a private equity investment management firm , according to a White House statement .   " After an extensive review process , " Bilden said , Bilden I have determined that I will not be able to satisfy the Office of Government Ethics requirements without undue disruption and materially adverse divestment of my family ’s private financial interests . " Mattis said : " This was a personal decision driven by privacy concerns and significant challenges he faced in Mattis himself from his Mattis interests Mattis " Mattis said he Mattis recommend Mattis nominee to Trump in the coming days . A week ago , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer countered a report by Major Garrett of CBS News that two sources had told him Bilden was White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to withdraw from consideration for the Navy job . Spicer tweeted on White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer 18 : " Those people would be wrong . Just spoke with him and he White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer 100 White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer commited to being the next SECNAV pending Senate confirm . "   This is the second service secretary nominee to withdraw because of financial interests . Vincent Viola withdrew as Army secretary nominee earlier this month citing trouble disengaging with his business ties Vincent Viola " Mr. Viola has Vincent Viola Trump that he will be unable Vincent Viola accept his nomination to serve Vincent Viola secretary of the Army as the Army separating Mr. Viola from the Vincent Viola he has built over the Vincent Viola    years have proven insurmountable , " a statement from his team said .   Vincent Viola White House nominated Bilden on January 25 .   A White House statement said he recently The White House a    member A White House statement at HarbourVest Partners LLC , " a global private equity investment management firm with institutional assets under management currently in excess of $ 42 billion . " He ’d been with the firm 25 A White House statement , the statement said . Bilden served in A White House statement Army Reserve as a military intelligence officer from    the statement said . 
 A White House statement 