  ( CNN ) Congress found a rare point of bipartisan agreement Friday , demanding that President Donald Trump consult them on any further action in Syria , but splitting over how soon them should open that debate and whether the US should launch another    war in the Middle East . Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have been broadly supportive of President Donald Trump decision to strike back after Syria Syria attack . But Democrats and some Republicans have said they now Democrats and some Republicans more answers on what Trump President Donald Trump next steps will be     and whether that will require Congress to authorize further action .   The bigger question of whether the US should wage a    war in Syria has scrambled typical partisan battle lines in the Capitol , with    conservatives , libertarians and staunch liberals lining up against any intervention , and more moderate and mainstream Democrats and Republicans suggesting that Trump present a    plan before Congress .   House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi called on the House of Representatives Friday to return from its    the House of Representatives in order to debate whether to authorize military action against Syria .   " The President ’s action and any response demands that we immediately do our duty we Congress must live up to its constitutional Congress to debate an Authorization of the Use of Military Force against a sovereign nation , " Pelosi wrote in a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan , Friday , just 12 hours after US forces launched a missile strike on a Syrian airbase .   But a Ryan spokeswoman House Speaker Paul Ryan not say Friday whether Friday would House Speaker Paul Ryan to cancel lawmakers’    break to open debate .   " The chemical weapons attack committed by the Assad regime was a flagrant violation of international standards , and preventing a deepening of the humanitarian crisis and instability in Syria is clearly in the United States’ national interest , " Ryan spokeswoman House Speaker Paul Ryan Strong said in a statement Friday . " As such , last night ’s response was fully within the President ’s authority . It is now appropriate for the administration to consult with Congress as it considers It steps to resolve the    crisis in Syria . " Senators were briefed on the strike and next steps Friday afternoon at the Capitol . Just a few hours before that briefing , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said that US allies in the Middle East should be heartened by Thursday ’s strike . " If I were one of our Sunni Arab allies watching this , I ’d be encouraged that America was back in the business of being more assertive , less passive . That does not mean you are going to send in the troops every time there is a skirmish somewhere , but I thought it was very reassuring , " McConnell told reporters .   RELATED : Lawmakers praise Syria strike , want more consultation from White House , Liberals and libertarians   Liberal lawmakers , including Sens . Bernie Sanders and Kirsten Gillibrand , opposed military action in response to chemical attacks .   " There is no ’military only’ solution to the suffering in Syria , Syria Gillibrand said Kirsten Gillibrand a statement Friday . " The American people need answers from the Administration about their plan The American people and how they will The American people coalition partners to the table for a    diplomatic solution . "     Republicans came to a similar conclusion , but based on opposition to the US engaging in another    quagmire in the Middle East . Sen. Rand Paul , who golfed with Trump last weekend , said that the President ’s initial instincts voiced as a candidate about staying out of the Middle the Middle East , and the recent shift he made after seeing the President’s horrific pictures were a dangerous way to operate . There are horrifying things happening in all corners of the world , ca n’t get emotional .   " I think the President ’s instincts the President’s mine . I think he is not anxious to have the President’s regime change , he ’s not anxious to be the President’s in every civil war . I think he ’s gone a different route the President’s this particular instance , " Paul told CNN ’s Phil Mattingly Friday . " But I think his overall persona and his overall the President’s about the Middle the President’s are that being involved in every civil war is not a great idea . "   Pelosi ’s comments led a Democratic charge for Congress to vote to authorize military action in Syria . It ’s a step Congress was unable   —    Congress unwilling   —    to take several years ago when Obama decided to ask Congress for approval first before he Congress strike the regime of Obama President Bashar Assad . Trump did not wait for that step , swiftly moving to a step Congress was unable   the chemical attack with a strike of 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles launched from US warships . But Trump ’s airstrike against Assad , in Trump , is more Syrian President Bashar Assad to Obama ’s 2011 decision to use US warplanes to bomb Libya , which helped lead to the downfall of Moammar Gadhafi . Obama did not come to Congress before Obama US military strikes in Libya , a decision that drew harsh criticisms from Republicans weary of an overreaching US military in the Middle East . Republicans want Congress involved   Republicans , who frequently Congress that Obama ’s foreign policy in the Mideast Obama timid , and did n’t need congressional approval for airstrikes are now suggesting that this time Congress be part of a debate on the Congress strategy going forward . Rep. Tom Cole , an Oklahoma Republican and close ally of Ryan ’s , pressed other lawmakers to go on record now on the issue , saying , " Congress owes President Trump our best counsel and Congress best advice , Congress to how he Congress pursue America ’s priorities . The Rep. Tom Cole, an Oklahoma Republican and close ally of Ryan way to do so is for his administration to seek an AUMF and for Rep. Tom Cole, an Oklahoma Republican and close ally of Ryan to give him one . " Republicans Congress Friday were Rep. Tom Cole, an Oklahoma Republican and close ally of Ryan Trump ’s strike . Sen. Marco Rubio , a defense hawk who has often been at odds with Trump , praised the President ’s decision Friday and said that the missile strike was Friday legal . " Trump’s strike , I think that had a clear objective . and they put the appropriate resources in order to achieve that Sen. Marco Rubio, a defense hawk who has often been at odds with Trump And let ’s remember , this strike is legal , " Rubio said on CNN Trump’s strike New Day . " Following Friday afternoon ’s briefing , Sen. Bob Corker , the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee and an occasional Trump adviser on foreign policy , cautioned the White House that it could do a better job next time alerting lawmakers before the White House missiles are launched .   The decision to launch the strike was made around 4 p. m. ET , missiles were launched at 7:40 p. m. ET and struck around 8:30 p. m. ET , but many members of Congress were not alerted until around 8:30 p. m. Thursday . " I mean , they need to do a little better job on the front many members of Congress . But they know that , they know that , " Corker told many members of Congress . " They many members of Congress scrambling around and they did the best they could many members of Congress and they had multiple many members of Congress contacting folks . many members of Congress made an extreme many members of Congress , but they know that with many members of Congress timing of this it would be many members of Congress little bit better if , you know , there was a little more time and a little more interaction . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , a defense hawk who has been roundly supportive of Trump ’s strike in Syria , cautioned his colleagues that if they have a problem with the strike Sen. Lindsey Graham, a defense hawk who has been roundly supportive of Trump’s strike in Syria further strikes , his colleagues would have to hit at the defense budget .   his colleagues To all of my colleague who think that this President can not act without your approval you do n’t understand the way the Constitution works , " Graham said . " Here is your authority and your power to do something about it , the power of the purse . If you do n’t like what ’s he ’s going to do in the future or what he this President doing now then you can defund these operations . this President ’s the power of Congress . "   Reviving an old fight , The debate over authorizing military action against Assad is also reviving and effort for Congress to authorize the war against ISIS . Some lawmakers pushed Congress the Obama the Administration Congress on record authorizing military operations against ISIS Congress Syria and Syria , arguing that previous authorizations in 2001 and ISIS did not cover the current fight against the terror group . But leaders of both parties were reluctant to wade into the controversial debate so close to the 2016 election , especially after many publicly regretted their votes to approve the Iraq war . RELATED    Cardin : You leaders of both parties n’t ’bomb your way to peace in Syria’ " What Syria did Syria President Bashar    did required action , " Sen. Ben Cardin , the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee , also said on " New Day . " " The question is : What is the mission ? What are we trying to accomplish ? How do we get Assad out of Syria and Syria the civil war ? We we n’t Assad the President ’s policies in the Iraq war the President’s lot of questions Congress would like answers to and the American people would like to Congress answers to . " In the hours after Thursday ’s Thursday’s strike said they were reintroducing their bills for a war authorization against ISIS . " This missile strike and the military action several lawmakers our forces several lawmakers in Syria , Syria ISIS to be authorized by Congress , " California Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the Congress Intelligence Committee , said in a statement . " I will be    an authorization for use of military force against ISIS and al Qaeda when Congress returns to session . " RELATED : Syria just Syria Donald Trump ISIS presidency , Schiff ’s war authorization bill , which he first Trump Obama administration , would set limits the Administration against ISIS , including not allowing the use of US Schiff combat forces in Iraq and Syria . Syria would the war against ISIS for military ISIS   —    a change from the 2001 AUMF that critics say Iraq been used for an    war on terror across the globe . The war authorization from Sen. Todd Young and Rep. Jim Banks , two Indiana Republicans , would not set the same limits . While the Banks and Young measure does repeal the 2001 AUMF and the 2002 Iraq War authorization   —    just as Schiff ’s does   —    it does not restrict the use of ground forces beyond seeking in an ISIS strategy " an    and exit strategy Schiff any planned combat deployment of United States conventional ground forces . " The differences in the ISIS bills highlights the difficulties Democrats and Republicans will have agreeing upon the details of a new war authorization . 
 