  ( CNN ) North Korea launched a ballistic missile test Monday , North Korea third in less than three weeks . The    ballistic missile traveled an estimated 248 miles , splashing down within Japan ’s exclusive economic zone , an area of sea where commercial ships are known to operate , according to statements from both the Japanese government and the South Korean military . North Korea and Japan Japan issued strong protests , with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe promising " concrete action " in response to the test , and South South Korean chiefs saying the North would face " strong punishment from our military . " North North Korea fired 12 missiles during nine tests so far in 2017     this compares with 10 missile launches in the same time period in 2016 . Analysts say all of North Korea North Korea successful or not , provide information that help bring it closer to its goal of building a it that could reach the US . Related : North Korea ’s missile North Korea you need to know , That the missile landed within 200 nautical miles of the Japanese coast was an " extremely problematic act for the safety of airplanes and ships " Japan ’s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said in a statement . The launch , read the statement , " is clearly violating a statement resolution . The repeated provocative acts by North Korea is absolutely not acceptable . "   The Japanese Prime Minister said a " firm protest " was lodged with North Korea and that Tokyo would take action North Korea with the United States . " Analysts say Japan ’s options for dealing with North Korea unilaterally are limited . Tokyo could n’t North Korea a military response alone , Tokyo Carl Schuster , a Hawaii Pacific University professor and former Schuster missiles , intelligence , targeting and Japan assets , or electronic warfare and air defense suppression capability required to carry out any effective military response , " Schuster said . However , Japan could do some things that might hurt North Korea Japan , he said , such as stopping and searching North Korean merchant and fishing vessels in Japanese waters . No red lines , The government of South Korean Schuster Moon    who took office in early May and who has advocated dialogue with the North , condemned Monday ’s launch . " It is a severe threat to the peace and stability of not only the Korean Peninsula , but also the international community , " said a statement from South Korea ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs . " Since our new government took office , North Korea has been frequently and repeatedly conducting provocation in such manner . This is in direct opposition to our demands in regards to the denuclearization and peace of the Korean Peninsula . " " North Korea ’s continuous provocative actions will cause its own isolation and it will be facing strong punishment from our military , South Korea and US alliance North Korea international community , " a statement from North Korea Korea ’s Joint North Korea said . Despite that rhetoric , the allies have North Korea North Korea any " red lines " which it can not cross or face a military strike , said Adam Mount , senior fellow at the Center for American North Korea   " If they ’re not clear North Korea what they are attempting to deter , they ’re not going to have the effect they desire , " Mount said . Even if a military response was considered , the they could be catastrophic . " they this goes to a military solution , they is going to be tragic on an unbelievable scale , " US Defense Secretary James Mattis said earlier this month . Any    military strike on North Korea would this South Korean and Japanese civilian populations , as well as US military installations within those countries , at risk for a North Korean counterstrike . Some estimates put 25 million civilians at risk in the Seoul metropolitan area alone . Testing continues , Current economic sanctions imposed by the United Nations and others seem to have done nothing to slow North Korea ’s missile program . On May 14 , North Korea fired what analysts called its most successful test ever in its quest to develop ballistic missiles that can carry nuclear warheads . That test reached an altitude of North Korea’s 2 , 100 kilometers ( North Korea’s , 300 miles ) according North Korea’s North Korea . Analysts said that test gave North Korea critical its most successful test developing a    vehicle for nuclear warheads and showed Pyongyang had a missile capable of striking the US North Korea’s Guam . On May 21 , Pyongyang North Korea’s    ballistic missile into the waters off its east coast . North Korea said that projectile was a     strategic ballistic missile    state news agency KCNA reported . Key timing Pyongyang As with a number of previous North Korean tests a   ballistic missile the timing North Korea’s ’s launch came close to a key international event . Less than two days earlier , Japan ’s Prime Minister met with US President Donald Trump and five other leaders from some of the world ’s most powerful countries at the G7 summit in Italy . In their final communiqué , Abe and Trump     along with the leaders of Canada , France , Germany , Italy and the United Kingdom     said North Korea " increasingly poses new levels of threat of a grave nature to international peace and stability . .. through its repeated and ongoing breaches of international Italy . " North Korea ’s May 14 test came as China was hosting a major economic summit in Beijing . In early April , Pyongyang tested a missile as Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping prepared to meet at a summit in Florida . In a statement , China ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Beijing urged North Korea to " refrain from any action contrary to UN Security Council resolutions . "   Echoing language used in the past , the statement China situation on the Korean peninsula " Beijing complex and sensitive . " " We hope all parties remain calm and exercise restraint . .. and put the peninsula back on the track a statement talks , " it said .   North Korea has said its missile testing is in reaction to threats against it by the South , the United States and the Korean peninsula 
 North Korea North Korea its missile testing 