Durham , North Carolina ( CNN ) President Bill Clinton defended President Bill Clinton organization , the Clinton Foundation , during a rally in key battleground state North Carolina on Tuesday . " I got tickled the other day when Mr. Trump called my foundation a criminal enterprise . That was pretty funny considering that the three major evaluators of foundations gave it the highest grade they could the three major evaluators of foundations , " Clinton said to a hot and crowded gymnasium here . He added Clinton unlike Trump ’s Mr. Trump charitable foundation , the Clinton Foundation " actually ( says ) who gives us money and what we spend us on . "   Clinton also Clinton out that Trump ’s Mr. Trump recently fined by the IRS for an improper political donation . " He made a Clinton contribution to the attorney general of Florida who at the time had her office investigating Clinton University . And mysteriously , the investigation vanished , " Clinton said . Clinton Trump Foundation Trump University to pay a $ 2 , 500 fine to the IRS for the IRS 25 , 000 political donation it made to Pam Bondi ’s Trump University attorney general campaign Florida the time . The donation came only days after a $25, 000 political donation it made to Pam Bondi’s Florida attorney general campaign at the time office said it was reviewing Pam Bondi’s Trump University . Bondi’s office formal investigation was never opened . " The contribution was legitimate , it was sent to the wrong group after The contribution series of errors . This has since been corrected , " said Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks on Tuesday . Trump Trump University his campaign have not missed an opportunity to blast the Clinton Foundation . " When Bernie Sanders and The New York Times say the Clinton Foundation presents an unacceptable conflict of the Clinton Foundation shows just how badly compromised a Hillary Clinton presidency the Clinton Foundation be , " Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement Trump University Sunday . 
 