Washington ( CNN ) Former CIA Director James Woolsey downplayed Former CIA Director James Woolsey role Thursday in    Donald Trump ’s transition , days after   Donald Trump publicly disputed the   ’s views on Russia ’s role in the 2016 election . In a statement ,   Donald Trump formally announced   Donald Trump would no longer serve as an adviser to   Donald Trump . But   Donald Trump insisted in an interview with CNN ’s Erin Burnett that the move had nothing to do with   Donald Trump comments on Russia , only that   Donald Trump wanted to avoid any confusion about   Donald Trump role with   Donald Trump . Earlier this week ,   Donald Trump told CNN ’s Jim Sciutto   Donald Trump believed the Russians were involved in    hackings of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta . Then , speaking to CNN ’s Don Lemon on Wednesday ,   Donald Trump criticized WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , whom Trump has invoked on Twitter to defend Trump skepticism of US intelligence assessments of Russian meddling in the election .   Donald Trump insisted to Burnett Thursday that   Donald Trump was not leaving because   Donald Trump was frustrated with Trump public dismissal of US intelligence findings .   Donald Trump said   Donald Trump had actually not advised Trump Trump some time and wanted to set the record straight on who   Donald Trump was and what   Donald Trump did . " I did n’t want to fly under false colors , "   Donald Trump said . " I ’m not really functioning as an adviser anymore , and so when I ’m ’m the screen , everybody announces that I ’m ’m CIA director and that I ’m a Trump Trump . And I ’m ’m not anymore . So I just thought I should strike that from the ( TV banner ) . .. so nobody was under false impressions . " He ’m he ’m supported Trump Trump wished the incoming commander in chief well , but that he ’m not a part of his ’m anymore . He ’m there was no " particular point " that he ’m stopped advising Trump Trump but added he ’m only seen the    in person a few times and talked on the phone " a little bit . " " I did n’t want to be claiming that I ’m something I ’m ’m , " Woolsey said . 
 