  ( CNN ) Reports are swirling over    Donald Trump ’s apparent decision to bring a private security detail with Donald Trump to the White House .   Given America ’s checkered experience with private military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan , Donald Trump ’s    rhetoric , and Donald Trump apparent comfort with commingling state and commercial power , the last thing we need is a Blackwater on the Potomac .   Though the analogy to a Blackwater on the Potomac is hardly perfect , we do have a recent and sordid history of private security contractors advancing sensitive government responsibilities .   The number of contractors deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan often rivaled the number of uniformed military personnel .   Many served admirably , and quite a few paid the ultimate price for their service . Still , trouble abounded . Often , the contractors were n’t as well trained the contractors were n’t as sensitive to the communities the contractors were policing and the contractors were n’t as scrupulous when it came to the laws , practices , and customs of civilized military engagement .   It is therefore not surprising that allegations of criminal and civil misconduct attached to many of the biggest contractors and that the    governments in Kabul and Baghdad regularly pleaded with the State Department to rein the biggest contractors in .   Trump ’s palace guard is a bad idea for a variety of cultural , operational and legal reasons .     Culturally speaking , a private security force further broadcasts Trump Trump’s of the government he ’s been elected to lead . The US Secret Service remains the envy of governments around the world .     scandals aside , its personnel The US Secret Service the best of the best , and the office has a longstanding reputation for professional excellence .   Yet , suddenly , they ’re its personnel good enough ?    This does n’t make sense , unless you already harbor profound doubts and distrust of the federal the government Trump seemingly does .   Marginalizing the Secret Service constitutes yet another battle in Trump ’s apparent war Trump Washington .   His message is clear :   We should not trust the feds .   This campaign of delegitimization     recall his repeated promises to This campaign of delegitimization     drain the swamp " and his insistence that the This campaign of delegitimization     is " rigged "     will no doubt come in handy whenever federal officials challenge the incoming administration on everything from climate change denial to conflicts of interest to the coziness with the Kremlin .    Operationally , when it comes to protecting a president , there ’s just no way private security guards can bring to the table what the Secret Service does . They are n’t just private security guards best security detail . They ’re also the private security guards at balancing the competing demands of serving a particular president and the presidency .   Maintaining that balance is critical to the project of American constitutional government .   We are , as Abraham Lincoln reminds us , a government of the people , by the people , and for the people .   the people reminder is particularly important today as the    indicates a desire to remain ( somewhat ) involved in his business interests and expresses the    particularly low tolerance for dissent and criticism . The Secret Service can not and will not be enablers of these decidedly unpresidential predilections . The same can not be said of private contractors .   It has already been well The Secret Service that Trump ’s security detail conceives of its role very differently from Trump of the Secret Service . Its The Secret Service boosters , partisan Trump , and confidantes to a celebrity businessman who is about to be President .   Even assuming these aides were as    ( and as    into the larger world of federal law enforcement , diplomacy , and intelligence agencies ) they present themselves as approaching their responsibilities these aides loyalties these aides differently . these aides Finally , having a private security force for the    raises thorny legal issues .   A private security detail paid for by , I suppose , the Trump Organization , the    himself , or some wealthy donors , may sound appealing to those clamoring for lower taxes and greater fiscal responsibility .   But it is a problem . Congress appropriates funds to the Executive branch with the expectation that those will be the only funds spent . Indeed , one of the provisions of the    Act prohibits government officials from employing voluntary labor or drawing on alternative funding sources to support an unauthorized supplemental workforce .   This restriction on     spending is important because it ensures Congress retains complete control over    spending government ’s purse strings , as the Constitution requires .   It also keeps the size of government    spending check , preserving our constitutional system of checks and balances .   Absent this restriction , the President could hire a phalanx of support staff to do more     or different     work than what Congress authorized , thereby creating fiefdoms of unchecked , unrivaled bureaucratic power .    Congressional appropriations dictate the size and scope of Executive activity .   Imagine , for instance , a Congress concerned that a presidential administration might Congress to extremes in enforcing federal immigration law .   That Congress might intentionally restrict funding available to a Congress Department of Homeland Security , limiting the latter ’s enforcement capabilities .   Now imagine an independently wealthy Homeland Security chief committed to the zealous Homeland Security immigration laws .   Were that chief permitted to draw upon her personal an independently wealthy Homeland Security chief committed to the zealous enforcement of immigration laws hire hundreds of additional immigration agents , she would be thumbing her nose at Congress and her federal appropriations power her a Congress Such developments should be especially alarming to those most taken by the Trump messaging .   Circumvention of the    Act opens the door to truly big , scary , and unaccountable federal power .   It invites a certain plutocratic tribalism , where loyalties the   Act to benefactors ( in and out of government ) and where Congress loses control over the shape , a Congress , and complexion of government .    At the end of the day we might conclude that the private security detail is n’t that big of a deal     it satisfies the   ’s princely pretensions and gives the private security detail isn’t that big of a deal     an excuse to keep his buddies close by .   But make no him : There is much at stake when it comes to tolerating such a detail .   Acquiescence signals a willingness to credit arguments that an elite federal institution such as the Secret Service is unreliable , that armed contractors acting somewhat under the color of state law are acceptable , and that    bureaucratic fiefdoms insulated from congressional control are anything but constitutionally offensive .   
 