’   ’ "    Former FBI Director James Comey will tell the Senate Intelligence    Committee on Thursday that President Donald Trump asked President Donald Trump for    President Donald Trump loyalty during a dinner in January and requested in an Oval    Office meeting in February that President Donald Trump drop the FBI ’s investigation    into former national security adviser Michael Flynn . " ’    At the January 27 dinner , " the president began by asking me    whether I wanted to stay on as FBI director , which I found    strange because the president had already told me twice in earlier    conversations that the president hoped I would stay , and I had assured the president    that I intended to , " Comey said in Comey prepared remarks , which    the committee published Wednesday . ’ ’    " My instincts told me that the     setting , and the    pretense that this was our first discussion about my position ,    meant the dinner was , at least in part , an effort to have me ask    for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship , " the    remarks say . " That concerned me greatly , given the FBI’ ’s    traditionally independent status in the executive branch . " ’ ’    Comey , whom Trump fired on May 9 , wrote in the remarks that he    told Trump he loved he work and " intended to stay and serve out    my    term as director . . .. I added that I was not on    anybody’ ’s side politically and could not be counted on in the    traditional political sense , a stance I said was in he best    interest as the president . ’ ’    " A few moments later , the president said , ’’ I need loyalty . I    expect loyalty , ’’ " Comey continued . " I didn’’t move , speak , or    change my facial expression in any way during the awkward silence       followed . We simply looked at each other in silence . The    conversation then moved on , but he Comey to the subject near    the end of our We . " ’ ’’ ’    According to the prepared remarks , Comey will also tell Congress    about his Comey with Trump during an Oval Office meeting    on February 14 in which Trump Trump him Comey Comey to talk about    Flynn , who had resigned the day before . ’ ’    " The president began by saying Flynn hadn’’t done anything wrong    in speaking with the Russians , but he The president to let him Comey because       The president misled the vice president , " Comey’ ’s remarks say . " He The president       he The president other concerns about Flynn , which he The president not then       . ’ ’    " ’’ He The president a good guy and has been through a lot , ’’ " Comey The president    Trump saying of Flynn Flynn " He The president that Flynn hadn’’t done    anything wrong on his The president with the Russians but had misled the    vice president . He The president said , ’’ I hope you can see your way clear       letting this go , to letting Flynn Flynn . He The president a good guy . I hope       can let this go . ’’ " ’ ’    Comey’ ’s prepared remarks say he The president Trump that he The president Flynn    was " a good guy , " but that he The president not tell the president that he The president would drop the investigation . He The president , however , reassure Trump Trump he The president not the direct subject of the FBI’ ’s    counterintelligence investigation . ’ "    Still , according to Comey ’s prepared testimony , Trump called Trump    Comey least twice more , on March 30 and April 11 , to discuss the    the FBI’’s   counterintelligence investigation ’    " On the morning of March 30 , the president called me at the FBI .    He described the Russia investigation the president ’’ the FBI’’s   counterintelligence investigation Russia was    impairing his ability to act on behalf of the president country , " Comey’ ’s    Russia . " He said he had nothing to do with the president , the president not    been involved with Russia in Russia ,    had always assumed he    Russia being recorded when in Russia the president    ’ ’    Comey , Russia with the director of the National Security Agency ,    Mike Rogers , had testified the week before that the FBI was    investigating whether there was any coordination between the    Trump campaign and Russian officials during the election . ’ ’    " I responded that we were investigating the matter as quickly as    we could and that there would be great we , if we didn’’t    find anything , to our we done the work well , " we ’s remarks    say . " He agreed , but then    the problems Comey’ was    causing him . " ’ ’    On April Comey’ , Trump called Comey again , according to the prepared    testimony , to ask what the FBI director had done to tell the Comey’ Trump himself was not under investigation . ’ ’    Trump replied that I had passed his request to the acting deputy    attorney general , but Trump had not heard back , " Comey’ ’s remarks say .    " He replied that ’’ the cloud ’’ was getting in the Trump of his    ability to do his job . He said that Trump    would have his Trump people reach Trump to the acting Trump attorney general Trump I said    that was the way his request should be handled . I said the White       counsel should contact the leadership of DOJ to make the    request , which was the traditional channel . " ’ "    The   leading    Trump to fire Comey appears to have been the president ’s     after Comey confirmed in an open   —    and televised   Comey    hearing before    the Senate Judiciary Committee that the FBI was still    investigating whether the Trump campaign had colluded with    Russia    " ’    Trump had not allowed the    House to preview that testimony Comey    which Trump and his aides considered " an act of insubordination , Trump    Comey The New York Times   saying Trump was broadly irked by his    inability to gain assurances Trump loyalty from Comey . Trump       Comey will testify one day after Comey Senate Intelligence    Committee Comey top intelligence officials about the    circumstances surrounding his firing . ’ ’    Democratic Sen. Mark Warner told Comey officials   —    National    Security Agency Director Mike top intelligence officials FBI Director Andrew    McCabe , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , and Director of    National Intelligence Dan Coats   —    that it was " jarring " to hear    " recent reports of White House officials , perhaps even the    president himself , attempting to influence and enlist our      leaders in attempting to undermine an    ongoing FBI investigation . " ’ ’Former FBI Director James Comey will tell the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ FBI 