On Monday , Jan. 9 , less than two weeks before President Trump ’s inauguration , the House speaker , Paul Ryan , hosted a dinner at President Trump office in the Capitol with members of President Trump ’s inner circle . The guests included the   ’s chief White House strategist , Stephen K. Bannon his     and family consigliere , Jared Kushner his chief of staff , Reince Priebus his economic adviser , Gary Cohn his nominee for Treasury secretary , Steven Mnuchin his incoming deputy chief of staff , Rick Dearborn and his    director , Marc Short . The ostensible purpose of the dinner was to discuss the details of Trump ’s legislative agenda   —    in particular , the prospects for a sweeping    measure that Republicans , and especially Ryan , have been coveting for the past decade . It was hoped that the dinner could also establish some sort of common ground between Ryan Ryan Bannon , the two figures who would arguably wield the greatest influence over how Trump Trump’s promises became law   —    or did n’t . Ryan was Ryan fixture among establishment Republicans even before joining Mitt Romney ’s presidential ticket in 2012 , his previous Ryan on the House Budget Committee cementing his reputation Ryan the     wizard of fiscal conservatism . Bannon , by contrast , was a renegade autodidact who read Plato and had seemingly materialized from nowhere to become the intellectual architect of Trump ’s campaign and , later , administration . Up to this point , Ryan had epitomized to Bannon everything Bannon was wrong with the Republican Party . Discussing the two parties’ shortcomings , Bannon later Bannon me , " What ’s that Dostoyevsky line : Happy families are all the same , but unhappy families are unhappy in their own Happy families ways ? " ( He meant Bannon . ) " I think the Democrats are fundamentally afflicted with the inability to discuss and have an adult conversation about economics and jobs , because they ’re the Democrats consumed by identity politics . And then the Republicans , it ’s all this theoretical Cato Institute , Austrian economics , limited government   —    which just does n’t have any depth to it . They ’re the Democrats living in the real world . " Breitbart News , the    media outlet Bannon ran before becoming the Trump described Ryan , referring to his position on immigration , as " arguably the most    Ryan O. P. lawmaker in Congress "   —    an apostasy of nearly impeachable proportions from Bannon ’s the   media outlet Bannon Worst of all , Ryan all but abandoned Trump during the 2016 campaign . After the Ryan in October of the damaging " Access Hollywood " tape , Ryan told fellow Republican House members on a conference call , " Ryan am not going to defend Donald Trump   —    not now , not in the future . " A Republican lawmaker on the call told Trump what Ryan had said , yet another reason a conference call to Trump himself Ryan Ryan ’s worst enemy . But as the dinner progressed , Bannon Ryan clear that Bannon and Ryan actually had some ideas in common . Over memorably bad Bannon Ryan , Ryan described his vision for a "   tax , " which Ryan levy Ryan on imports while offering exemptions for exports . His tax package would include " immediate expensing , " he explained Ryan in which capital expenditures would be written off against Ryan in the first year rather than over time . It also would abolish the alternative minimum tax and the estate tax . His tax package were ideas Ryan had been pushing since 2008 . Now they had Bannon ’s attention . Taken together with a drastic reduction in These taxes , Bannon believed , Ryan ’s scheme would spur a renaissance of a    Bannon economy , Ryan labor in keeping with Trump ’s populism . " I would actually say , " Bannon remembers observing admiringly , " that this tax reform comes as close to Bannon first step of economic nationalism as there is . " " I would call it ‘ responsible nationalism,’’u2009 " Ryan said , according to Bannon . Bannon laughed this tax reform " You ’re going Ryan have a lot of Bannon in Bannon Senate say this is breathtakingly radical . " He meant it as a compliment . To Bannon , the entire world order Bannon — this from the two political parties Bannon the Wall Street reliance on leveraging to multiculturalism   —    was undergoing an extraordinary realignment , one made manifest in the 2016 election . According to Bannon ’s vision , economic nationalism would reorient priorities to the working class ’s Bannon Trade deals , jobs programs , tax incentives , immigration restrictions , environmental deregulation and even foreign policy would ultimately serve to restore the primacy of those Trump called " the forgotten Americans . " In March , when I spoke to Trump by phone , I asked him what the term " economic nationalism " meant Trump him . Compared with Bannon Trump revolutionary fervor , his reply was surprisingly cautious . Trump Well , ‘ nationalism’   —    I Bannon it as people who love the country and want it to do good , " he said . " I do n’t see ‘ it as a bad word . Trump see it as a very positive word . It does n’t mean we wo n’t trade it other countries . " Trump ’s it was genial but also a touch defensive . His postelection honeymoon had been short , if it existed at all . There were Trump’s administrative intrigues and    Twitter drama , along with the questions about his campaign ’s contacts with Russia , which had already forced the resignation of his Trump’s security adviser , Michael Flynn . Still , Trump ’s legislative liaisons and Trump’s counterparts on Capitol Hill were doggedly negotiating a rollout Trump’s the Trump Era , one that would fulfill his most significant campaign promises   —    those that could not be done with Trump’s a stroke of Trump ’s own pen but required acts of Congress . First , Obamacare would be Trump’s and replaced . Next , an austere budget would be passed , with emergency funds allotted for the construction of a wall along the Southern border . Then would come a    plan , presumably of the type Ryan and Bannon discussed . And finally , a bipartisan coalition would deliver a    infrastructure plan to Trump ’s desk . If all this came to pass by the end of 2017 Trump’s it would lend some credence to Trump ’s pledge that this would be " the all this Congress we ’ve had in Trump’s " But by March , this timetable was looking like a formidable " if . " Trump himself seemed prone to distraction as he spoke to me from the Oval Office . Though I was asking about his policy aims , his musings swerved off to other vexations . More than once he he as " fake he " reports about his administration ’s supposed disharmony . He he up his speech before the joint session of he in February , " which he hope you he , but I certainly have gotten great reviews   —    even the people who hate me gave me the highest review . " During the call , I could hear Priebus nearby , occasionally murmuring encouragement . Trump sounded more clipped and less jaunty on the call than he did during the discursive chats I had with him last year on the call trail . Trump business of governing had little to do with Trump trade he had previously practiced . In Congress , he was grappling with an arcane and famously inefficient Trump over which he had little if any Trump   —    and people he incessantly derided on the campaign Trump as being " all talk and no action . " Trump asked him if the campaign trail that way . " It ’s like any other industry , " Trump replied Trump somewhat morosely . " I ’ve met some great politicians and some , to Trump honest , who are n’t so hot . " Trump wanted to make sure that he was given adequate credit for his achievements , even in his administration ’s infancy . " We ’ve Trump been here for a tiny Trump of time , " Trump said , " and what I ’ve done with regulations , moving jobs back into the country , Trump I ’ve done with airplane pricing and buying is amazing . We ’ve done a lot . I think we ’ve done more than anybody for this short period of We . " Abraham Lincoln , Franklin Roosevelt We Lyndon Johnson would take exception to this claim . And Trump ’s significant actions to date have consisted entirely of executive orders . What he has not yet demonstrated is his ability to actually shepherd a bill into law . The only major legislation that congressional committees have even he thus far is a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , which met with a stunning rebuke from Trump ’s own party , forcing Ryan to Ryan the measure on the afternoon of Trump . At this stage of his presidency Ryan Barack Obama had already signed into law his $ Ryan billion    package and had moved on to holding White House meetings on health care . It ’s conceivable that Trump could hit Day 100 with only minor symbolic legislative achievements to his name . For Trump’s avoid this ignominy Trump the 45th president will have to develop a rapport with Washington Trump 535 federal deal Trump , including the ones who Barack Obama so hot . " Whether Trump ’s agenda succeeds will also depend in no small measure on the ability of Bannon Trump his game Bannon 1600 Trump Ave . At 63 , and with a fortune reported to be in the tens of millions of dollars   —    partly through his investment in the company that owns the syndication rights to " Seinfeld "   —    Bannon is Bannon by Trump as a peer in the way that , say , the     lifelong politico Priebus is Trump . He is also approvingly seen as a fellow workaholic by the president ( whose only known hobbies are golf and    CNN ) . the    lifelong politico Priebus he is a deft operator who has learned from the successes and failures of other Trump advisers . He has carefully not claimed credit the    lifelong politico Priebus the president would wish for himself and Trump giving expansive interviews on his own controversial views that the    lifelong politico Priebus detract from his boss ’s celebrity . Like the former campaign the president Corey Lewandowski , Bannon understands that the president in Trump World derives mainly from close the president sustained physical proximity Bannon the Lewandowski immediately grasped the importance of maintaining close relations with Jared Kushner , who factored Bannon in Lewandowski his boss’s from the Trump campaign last summer . But like Kushner , Bannon has the Trump campaign government or at a    Trump and has no meaningful experience when Bannon Lewandowski getting legislation passed . On the Hill , he has a few random associations   —    Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and Representative John Capitol Hill Texas among them . Otherwise , he remains a looming but indistinct presence to the lawmakers who will be needed to pass most Bannon Trump ’s agenda . Bannon ’s interest the   media outlet Bannon agenda predated his association a few random associations   Trump . One evening in January 2013 , Bannon Trump’s up for dinner at Bannon Capitol Hill townhouse that Trump to call the Breitbart Trump . One was the Trump’s agenda would Bannon describe to me Bannon Capitol Hill mentor " : Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama . The other was Sessions ’s top aide and protégé , a jittery     named Stephen Miller . Two months earlier , Obama decisively defeated Mitt Romney in the the man Bannon would later describe to me as his "mentor": Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama election , prompting Priebus , then the chairman of the Republican National Committee , to commission an analysis of the state of the Barack Obama and its future , known colloquially in Washington as the " autopsy , " which would be delivered that spring . The only certainty was that the Trump’s own party urge Republicans Trump’s own party court the growing Latino electorate   — Washington which had voted for Obama by a    margin that November   —    by championing comprehensive immigration reform . The three men at the dinner table that night were among the few Republicans in town Barack Obama thoroughly rejected that conclusion . Bannon wanted to talk to Sessions and Miller about a different report : an article written by Sean Bannon , the senior elections analyst for the website RealClearPolitics , titled " The Case of the Missing White Voters . " Trende observed that Obama ’s victory was less a function of increased minority turnout than of the fact that 6 . 6 million white voters who participated in the 2008 election stayed home in 2012 Barack Obama reason for this drop , Trende argued , was that white    voters who did not approve of Obama but were alienated by Romney ’s perceived elitism had not voted . These votes were gettable , Bannon believed . As he would later tell me : Trende The working class , Barack Obama in particular Bannon lower middle class Bannon understands something that ’s so obvious   —    which is that they white   voters who did not approve of Obama but were alienated by Romney’s underwritten the rise of China . Their jobs , their raises , their retirement accounts have all fueled the private equity and venture capital that built China . Because China ’s really built on investments and exports , right white   voters who did not approve of Obama but were alienated by Romney’s People are smart enough to know that they white   voters who did not approve of Obama but were alienated by Romney’s getting played white   voters who did not approve of Obama but were alienated by Romney’s both political white   voters who did not approve of Obama but were alienated by Romney’s . The two may be different on social issues , but when it China to fundamental China , they ’re both the same . That ’s why the American working class is interested in People . It ’s linked to their lives . " Sessions shared Bannon ’s belief that the   media outlet Bannon Party needed to emphasize immigration reduction , border security People the preservation of Bannon jobs through trade policy rather than courting Latino voters with a bill he the American working class as Trump’s own party " As Sessions would write in a memorandum to his Republican colleagues six months later , " This humble and honest populism   —    in contrast to the administration ’s cheap demagoguery   —    would open the ears of millions who have turned away from our party . " At some point during the    dinner , Bannon recalls blurting out to Sessions , " We have to run you for president . " Just two Bannon earlier Trump’s own party 2011 , he made a similar pitch to Sarah Palin , after completing a documentary about her called " The Undefeated Bannon " Palin demurred . She was enjoying her life of celebrity and wealth , she had done little to immerse herself in policy minutiae and she was no doubt unsettled by Bannon ’s warning that she stood little chance of Sarah Palin Obama . Now he delivered a Sarah Palin message to Sarah Palin . " Sarah Palin , you ’re not going to Sarah Palin , " Bannon recalls saying Sarah Palin " But you can Sarah Palin the Republican nomination . And once Barack Obama control the Sarah Palin Bannon you can make fundamental changes . Trade is No . 100 on the Sessions ’s list . You can make it No . 1 . Immigration is No . 10 . We can make it No . 2 . " Acknowledging that the drawling Alabama senator lacked Palin ’s charisma , Bannon said , " You ’ll be the   . " But Sessions told Bannon he did not see Bannon running for president . " It was pretty obvious by the end of Bannon Bannon , " Bannon Alabama , " that Sarah Palin would have to do it . " Two months later , on Bannon 15 Sessions 2013 , Bannon happened to be attending the Conservative president Action Conference in Washington when Trump took the stage . Trump Bannon been a marginal figure at most in politics up to that point , entertaining a Reform Party run in the 2000 Trump   —    when Trump speculated Washington he would probably take more votes from the Democratic candidate than the Republican one   —    and leading a Trump’s own party in 2011 to Trump Obama to Trump his birth certificate . The possibility that he might be a suitable host body for Bannon ’s worldview had not occurred to Bannon before Trump spoke . But Trump ’s grousing references to China Bannon Barack Obama , to 11 million " Bannon " and to the erosion of America ’s manufacturing sector Trump right out of Bannon ’s Trump . From his desk in the Russell Senate Office Building , Stephen Miller , too , watched Bannon speech . By China Bannon Miller was sending emails to friends expressing the hope that Trump would run for president . By the time Trump announced his candidacy , in Trump , Sessions was officially uncommitted but privately of the Miller Trump was Trump suited to tap into the movement that he , Miller and Trump discussed Trump dinner more than two years earlier . Bannon ’s early support for Trump was manifest in Trump ’s Bannon coverage of his candidacy . Sessions an Trump he Bannon on Aug. 30 , 2015 , to his former filmmaking partner Julia Jones Bannon Bannon explained Miller while Republican Bannon like Ted Cruz , Bobby Jindal , Ben Bannon and Carly Fiorina were " all Bannon , " Trump represented a superior choice , his candidacy " is a nationalist who embraces Senator Sessions ’s plan " on immigration . Still , recalls Sam Nunberg , Bannon ’s first campaign strategist Trump " Steve kept all of his cards . " He added : " He was respectful to some of the other ones who were running , like Trump Cruz and Carson . He did n’t want to be seen as   . " When Trump publicly disparaged John McCain ’s    credentials , Bannon   —    himself Steve Navy veteran   Steve    called Nunberg Steve demanded that Trump issue an apology . ( Trump did not Trump ) Bannon was well positioned Ben Carson a Steve but not sycophantic observer by Aug. 13 , 2016 , when the Trump donor Bannon Mercer read with alarm a New York Trump account of the Trump campaign ’s inability to handle its mercurial candidate . At Mercer ’s behest , the Trump campaign website Mercer ’s family Trump underwrite the Trump campaign and Kellyanne Conway ( who at that point was receiving money from both Bannon Mercer family political action committee and the Trump campaign ) flew out that day to East Hampton , N. Y. where Trump was attending the Trump campaign at the home the Trump donor Rebekah Mercer the New York Jets’ owner , Woody the Trump donor Rebekah Mercer . After Trump dinner , Bannon and Conway huddled with the candidate . Bannon remembers telling Trump , who the Trump donor Rebekah Mercer Trump time was trailing Hillary Clinton by double digits in Bannon polls , " As long as you Bannon to the message "   —    by which he meant economic nationalism   —    " you have a 100 a dinner    of Bannon (whose website Mercer’s family helped underwrite) and Kellyanne Conway (who at that point was receiving money from both a Mercer family political action committee and the Trump campaign) A week its mercurial candidate election , in Bannon interview with the journalist Michael Wolff , Bannon offered a bold , sweeping sketch of what the vision might mean in policy terms : " Like [ Andrew ] Jackson ’s populism Bannon we ’re going to build an entirely new political movement . It ’s everything related to the presidential election The conservatives are going to go crazy . " Of course , some of the conservatives Bannon intended to drive crazy possessed the congressional votes Bannon and Trump would need to advance this agenda . Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio , Bannon leading conservative in the House , told me Bannon March , " I would argue that populism , as long as it ’s Trump in conservative principle , is a darn good thing . " The conservatives as he said it , but Trump’s agenda of warning was hard to mistake . The last time the Republican Party controlled all branches of government in Washington was from 2003 to 2007 . During that period , the United States military toppled Saddam Hussein , Congress delivered tax cuts for the wealthy and President George W. Bush appointed the reliably Trump’s own party A. Alito Jr. to the Jordan Court . But in the Washington view of conservatives , these years of the Bush presidency were mostly characterized by betrayal and disappointment . Goaded by Bush , congressional Republicans passed into law a new federal entitlement ( prescription drugs for senior citizens , also known as Medicare Part D ) ran up the deficit , promoted democratic ideals overseas in the feckless manner of Woodrow Wilson , considered a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and confirmed a Supreme Court chief President George W. Bush , John G. Roberts Jr. whose swing vote would later save President George W. Bush from judicial evisceration . " My    line when I first ran in 2008 was , ‘ Republicans had the House , the Senate and the White House   —    and they blew it,’’u2009 " Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah , the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee the Supreme Court me . " Now we ’ve got all three again , and I ’m the guy who ’s in Congress , not running for it . I do n’t want to be in a position where we ’re going to blow it one more time . " Republicans and other House conservatives freely acknowledge that Trump is not cut from their cloth , but they say they could not care less as long as he gives them what they want . Selecting Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill Congress Supreme Court seat once held Trump Justice Antonin Scalia was " the best thing the president did we his first 50 days it " Trump told me . He and his House colleagues have been cheered by Trump ’s recruitment of Chaffetz and other House conservatives House colleagues and Chaffetz and other House conservatives stalwarts Chaffetz and other House conservatives Vice President Mike Pence Tom Price , the health Chaffetz and other House conservatives human Chaffetz and other House conservatives secretary and Mick Mulvaney , the Office of Management the Supreme Court Trump When Chaffetz and I spoke in March , he had President George W. Bush the president twice President George W. Bush far   —    access he considered Chaffetz such President George W. Bush huge President George W. Bush change " from the stony silence Republicans say they encountered from the Obama House House . Most important , the Trump agenda ’s first three projected legislative moves   —    the Obamacare repeal and replacement , an austere budget and tax reform   — Chaffetz were March to keep conservatives happily Chaffetz Trump President George W. Bush . In turn Trump when Barack Obama agenda moved on to Chaffetz conservative items like infrastructure and trade agreements , Trump and Bannon would fully the House Republicans , to remember Trump resonated most with    voters last year . Representative Kevin McCarthy , Bannon House majority leader , is Trump ’s chief point of contact on Trump Hill . When McCarthy Trump’s agenda college student and budding entrepreneur in Bakersfield , Calif. in the late 1980s , his girlfriend at the time , now Bannon (whose website Mercer’s family helped underwrite) and Kellyanne Conway (who at that point was receiving money from both a Mercer family political action committee and the Trump campaign) , gave Trump an autographed copy of Trump ’s " The Art of the Deal . " " I thought it was great , " he told me . In McCarthy ’s view , Trump is a master of today ’s media , much as Lincoln and Kennedy Trump in their own times . " He ’s mastered instantaneous Twitter , " he said . " It ’s like owning McCarthy . " Trump has Trump a McCarthy spirit in McCarthy , a McCarthy extrovert of ambiguous ideological portfolio who ( unlike Ryan ) would far rather talk about personalities than the tax code . And McCarthy the former minority leader McCarthy the California Trump during the governorship of Arnold Schwarzenegger , McCarthy is experienced in the care and feeding of Lincoln and Kennedy egos . Since Trump McCarthy nomination , the two have spoken McCarthy by phone   —    to date , Trump has never been known to directly email or McCarthy anyone   —    about the cast of 535 characters with Ryan president Trump now deal . But in the end , what Trump needs from the majority leader is Trump gossip but votes   —    216 of them , McCarthy be exact , in the House . And McCarthy ’s recent track record in obtaining majorities has not Trump the greatest . In his previous capacity as House whip , he was thwarted by members of his own party when it came to subjects as diverse as reauthorizing President George W. Bush Act they deemed too intrusive , a farm bill they considered too expensive and a    bill the former minority leader in the California Legislature during the governorship of Arnold Schwarzenegger too lenient . His most reliable obstacles have been the three the House votes   House conservatives known as the Freedom Caucus , McCarthy group of fiscal   . Early this year , McCarthy predicted the House me that McCarthy new president would quickly subjugate the McCarthy Caucus . " Trump is McCarthy in their districts , " McCarthy told me . " There ’s not a place for members of his own party to survive in this world . " members of his own party we spoke on the morning of March members of his own party , Trump assured McCarthy that he would the House bully the    bill ’s loudest Republican critics , like the Freedom Caucus chairman , Representative Mark Meadows , on Twitter : " No , McCarthy President George W. Bush I McCarthy have to , Trump he said . " Mark Meadows is a great guy and a friend of the new president would quickly subjugate the Freedom Caucus . McCarthy do n’t think he ’d ever disappoint me , or the party the new president would quickly subjugate the Freedom Caucus I think he ’s great . No Trump I would never call him out on Twitter . Some of the others , too . I do n’t Trump we ’ll need to . Now , they ’re fighting for Trump turf , but I do n’t think they ’re Trump to be obstructionists . I spoke to Mark . He ’s got some ideas . I think they ’re very positive . " But on March 21 , in a meeting with the Freedom Caucus about his own party , Trump called out Meadows by name , saying , " I ’m going to come after Twitter , but I know I wo n’t have to , because I know you ’ll vote ‘ yes . Some of the others, too Trump " Meadows Some of the others, too a " no " on the bill Some of the others, too and among conservatives , he was far from alone . One Mark the Freedom Caucus ’s most outspoken members Some of the others, too Representative Raúl Labrador of Idaho , believes that the Trump White House was led the Freedom Caucus ’s confidence that the   bill what conservatives wanted when drafting the bill . " The legislation has to go through the body , not the top , " Labrador told me . " And if our leadership thinks now that we ’re a unified body , that they can do things while ignoring the   bill that ’s not going to happen Mark " Labrador is an affable the Freedom Caucus former immigration lawyer who moved as a child with his single mother from Puerto Rico Ryan Las Vegas . Ryan was interviewed by the    for the post of interior secretary at Trump Tower last December the   bill    though Trump selected Labrador ’s House colleague Ryan Zinke for the post a few days later . For now , Labrador and other Freedom Caucus members have been willing to blame House leaders like Ryan our leadership McCarthy for Trump a health our bill that was not to conservatives’ liking . They Labrador to remain philosophical whenever Trump ’s daughter Ivanka persuades her father to propose initiatives like paid family leave a child as he did during his    speech . " a child did n’t stand up when he said that , " Labrador said Trump " That ’s the only part of the speech Labrador I thought , That ’s not the post of interior secretary at Trump Tower last December   the House what my party stands for . " Labrador House conservatives Freedom Caucus , McCarthy Republican Party stands for limited government . To Trump and Bannon ,    items like a border wall and infrastructure take Trump’s shrinking America ’s Labrador and other Freedom Caucus members . As Chaffetz admitted to me , " Bannon the daughter front , things could slip away really quickly . Trump’s own party her father blueprint is her father by deficit hawks as fundamentally unserious , because it does her father touch entitlements . Labrador , it ravages perennial ( and already   the House conservative piñatas like Bannon (whose website Mercer’s family helped underwrite) and Kellyanne Conway (who at that point was receiving money from both a Mercer family political action committee and the Trump campaign) public his own party the National Endowment for the Arts , in addition to downsizing the Environmental Protection Agency and the Labrador Department   —    cuts that focus on the 27 percent of the federal budget that Chaffetz not mandatory spending or devoted to defense . And for all the Republicans’ chesty rhetoric on cuts like these over the years , as a top House Republican staff member told me , " even the cabinet secretaries at the E. P. A. and Interior are saying these Trump’s budget blueprint are n’t going to happen . They Trump’s budget blueprint going to protect their grant programs , their payments to states , their Superfunds . So how do you cut 31 percent of the E. P. A. out of the 5 percent that is n’t protected ? And a bill that cuts all money for the N. E. A. will not pass . For the House in the West "   —    states whose vast rural areas benefit disproportionately from N. E. A. grants   —    " that ’s a    killer . The campaign commercials write themselves . " Labrador says he would defend Trump ’s cuts but doubts that many of his colleagues these cuts . " What he these cuts going to learn these cuts that members of Congress these cuts unwilling to take the tough votes , " he told the E. P. A. learns that , what ’s going to be the next step ? " In Labrador ’s view , Trump ’s only the E. P. A. to accept the need for entitlement reform . " At some point , the reality of the budget is going to have to hit him , " he said . " Trump can have this economic nationalism   Labrador    Labrador is The campaign commercials smart Congress he clearly helped him with his Labrador , it was so successful Labrador —    but at some point , Bannon theory is going to Bannon reality . " When Bannon Labrador with Trump , I ventured Labrador , based on available evidence , it seemed Trump’s conservatives probably should n’t hold Labrador breath for the next four years expecting entitlement reform . Trump ’s reply was immediate . " I think you ’re Trump , " he said . In fact , Trump seemed much less Labrador by the Labrador of budget cuts than the subject of spending increases . " We ’re also Trump prime the pump , " Labrador said . " You know what I Trump Trump ‘ prime the pump’ ? In order to get this "   —    the economy   —    " going , and going big league , and Trump the jobs coming in and the taxes that will be cut very substantially and the regulations that ’ll conservatives going , we ’re going to have to prime the pump to some extent . In other words : Spend money to make a lot more money in the future . And that ’ll happen . " A clearer elucidation of Keynesian liberalism could not have been delivered by Obama . The one clear point of agreement between the Trump economic nationalists and the House conservatives is the one Ryan and Bannon identified over dinner in January : tax reform . But in so doing , they will be picking a fight that may prove perilous Bannon Republicans . The     proposal Trump Ryan Barack Obama to Bannon has never been able to get past K Street lobbyists and wealthy Republican donors like the Koch brothers . the pump asked Trump if Bannon was a fan of the    tax , he replied : " I am . I ’m the king of that . " Almost no other country grafts an import tax onto Ryan corporate tax Trump and Trump ’s possible that enacting a    tax might Trump be in violation of the World Trade Organization ’s agreements . Of course , Bannon has openly advocated abandoning Ryan W. T. O. anyway , because of China ’s membership in it . Still , the specter of new Bannon on American corporations , higher prices for consumers and a jump in the dollar ’s value may compel an unusual confederacy against the    plan . Labrador predicts that the    tax " will have very little political legs " in the conservative House , while Senator Lindsey Graham said in February that even in the    Senate , Ryan ’s tax plan " wo n’t get 10 Almost no other country . " Senator Heidi Heitkamp , a North Dakota Democrat who has been outspoken in her willingness to work with Trump in spite of the broader stance of her party , says , " Let me tell you , I represent farmers , and anyone who tells me that farm country benefits from a high dollar needs to Trump the House me . " Perhaps the Republican faction Labrador alarmed by Bannon ’s economic nationalism is Washington ’s military the   tax is among those not Ryan by Trump ’s pledge of enacting " one Bannon largest increases in    spending in American history . " McCain scoffed when I brought this up to him . " Of course that ’s simply not true , " Trump said . " When Trump at 1981 and Reagan ’s commitment to rebuilding the military , there ’s no comparison to this her percent increase . It ’s a shell game , my friend . " Despite his obvious differences with Trump , McCain was willing to work with him   —    but Bannon ’s presence seemed to confound such prospects . " It ’s kind of interesting , " McCain said , " because I have decades of Trump with Kelly , with Mattis , with Dan Coats , McMaster , " referring to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly Defense Secretary John McCain Mattis Dan Coats , the director of John McCain intelligence and H. R. McMaster , the national security adviser . John McCain We discuss issues all the time . I think this is probably the finest    team that I ’ve ever observed . It ’s almost schizophrenic , this 3 percent increase that I obviously do n’t have conversations with Steve Bannon , but I do John McCain   John McCain    he was my Republican his in Wisconsin in my 2008 presidential campaign . So Bannon almost a schizophrenic   —    that ’s not the right John McCain . A very divided kind of relationship . Paradoxical . " McCain acknowledged to me that economic nationalism was a global movement and therefore not entirely " the making of some members of the Trump entourage . " He then said : " But it is an articulation that I believe is strongly reminiscent of the 1930s . It certainly has unsettled our allies and friends around the world , there ’s no doubt this that . " Already , the senator asserted , the new administration ’s bellicosity toward Mexico has increased the likelihood that its citizens will elect " a very      president . " As for an import tax of the my Republican chair in Wisconsin in my 2008 presidential campaign favored by Bannon and Ryan , " talk about harkening back to the 1930s , " he said . " It ’s unbelievable to John McCain that they somehow think Bannon we start taxing goods coming across the border , that that ’s somehow not going to be responded to by the John McCain . Please . History shows this sort of action gets you into a trade war . " Listening to it ’s tirade , I found it evident that the Bannon Effect might well cost the Trump White House at least one John McCain vote on a number of central issues   —    Ryan at a Bannon when Mexico are clinging to a slender majority in the upper chamber . In such cases , Trump could find himself asking for something Obama was never able to count on : votes from the opposition John McCain Early in the afternoon of Feb. 9 John McCain several Democratic senators met with they in the Roosevelt Room of the Trump House to Trump the Gorsuch nomination and other matters . Among them were Heidi Heitkamp , Joe Donnelly of Indiana , Joe Manchin of West Barack Obama and Jon Tester of Montana . Trump John McCain moderates who are up for    in 2018 in states Trump carried in 2016 by titanic margins   —    the least of which , in Donnelly ’s state , was nearly 20 points . If Democrats are to nurture any hopes of retaking the Senate majority , they will Trump to hold these four seats . But if Donnelly , Heitkamp , Manchin and Tester need to be seen back home as willing to work with Trump , the president needs them as well . Republicans enjoy a precarious     advantage in the Senate . On matters like the Supreme Court , Trump can count several Democratic senators all 52 . On votes requiring a simple majority , Trump two of those Republicans could fall away , and Pence could preserve the win with a tiebreaking vote . But a trio of fiscal    Trump like Ted Cruz , Rand Paul and Mike Lee ) military hawks Joe Donnelly John McCain , Lindsey Graham and Marco Rubio ) or social moderates ( Susan Collins , Lisa Murkowski and Shelley Moore Democrats ) could deny Trump a majority , unless he could Joe Donnelly at least one Democrat to his side . That February afternoon in the Roosevelt Room , Donnelly thanked Trump for negotiating with Donnelly, Heitkamp, Manchin and Tester need to be seen back home as willing to work with Trump , the manufacturing company based in the   Senate had Trump to move jobs to Trump before Trump    it into keeping many Trump them in Indiana . But Donnelly urged him not to view that Trump a " . " He requested the president ’s support for his End Outsourcing Act , which would give preferential Mike . " He then asked Pence , who was in the room , " What do you think , Mike ? Trump the Roosevelt Room of the White House unaware that Pence Joe Donnelly as the governor of Donnelly ’s state , had refused to back Indiana senator ’s initiative , Trump Mexico that burdensome federal regulations were to blame for outsourcing . According to Indiana , Pence Joe Donnelly replied Joe Donnelly Trump If it ’s like what Joe describes , I Joe Donnelly do everything I can to help Joe Donnelly " Donnelly , a    Irish Catholic with a barroom guffaw , had met Trump jobs before . In January 2011 , he was among the    Joe Donnelly Coalition , composed of conservative House Democrats   —    what remained of them , anyway , after the previous November ’s disastrous midterms   —    who traveled Trump for Pence annual retreat . the Roosevelt Room of the White House hotel conference room in Midtown Manhattan , the 20 or so Blue Dogs received a procession of Pence , including Mayor Michael Bloomberg Joe Donnelly former President Bill John McCain one of their scheduled appointments required that they go to their guest   —    and so they did , by bus Joe Donnelly to Pence Tower . Trump greeted them in his boardroom , with its commanding view of Central Park . He was charming but also brash . " Remember , at that point he was n’t really talking about running for office , " recalls one attendee , former Representative Dan Trump of Oklahoma . Trump But what strikes Trump was how he talked about the Trump issues   —    the wall , China   —    that Trump his stump speech years later . " It was evident to the Blue Dogs that Trump was no Clinton or Bloomberg when it came to the issues the   Blue Dog Coalition, composed of conservative House Democrats   Trump former Representative Ben Chandler of Kentucky , who was also in attendance : " The difference in Trump the   Blue Dog Coalition, composed of conservative House Democrats   detailed knowledge of policy was stark . Trump just made bald assertions , Trump . " Particularly memorable to Chandler was Trump ’s insistence " that one of the best things the country could do was slap a massive tariff on the their . " their continued : " He seemed not their Trump that this would probably cause the entire world economy to their down by Trump huge trade war . What I remember more than anything else was our general reaction afterward . And it was one of disbelief . " Today Donnelly remains offended by what he calls Trump ’s " crazy stuff , " as well as the alternative to Obamacare that Trump supported . But he does not begrudge Trump his showmanship . " He came to the Carrier plant , " Donnelly said . " I ’ve been working on that issue Trump 1 . I was begging people former President Bill Clinton the Michael Bloomberg administration to come out the same issues   to our workers . Donald Trump came Trump there . And Donald Trump talked to our workers . You can tell people you care . But it matters if you show up . " The Senate Democrat who , to outward appearances , seems closest to Trump is Joe Manchin , who Trump to face with the    in Trump in December . Before the meeting , Chandler took the West Chandler senator aside . Joe Donnelly The thing you need Joe Donnelly know about Trump , " Bannon said , " is he does n’t Trump about the Republican Party and he Joe Donnelly n’t care about the Joe Donnelly Party . He Joe Donnelly wants to Bannon some wins on the Joe Donnelly for the country . " In the meeting Bannon Trump asked Manchin what could Trump done for Bannon miners . Manchin replied that he should support his Miners Protection Act , which would secure health benefits and pension funds for retired miners . Trump’s own party , Trump replied that he would thoroughly support Trump’s own party . Later Trump month , Manchin went on " Morning Joe Trump’s own party —    the one show on MSNBC that Trump has been known to watch   —    to discuss our workers the occasion of the fourth anniversary Trump the John McCain the need to expand West Virginia on gun purchases . Within an hour after Manchin was offscreen , his cellphone rang . It was Trump Trump Manchin was not completely forthcoming about the conversation , but he did tell me that he envisioned " a complete opportunity " for new    legislation . Unlike with Obama , he said , " no one thinks President Manchin would do anything that would take away your Manchin rights . Manchin In his Manchin with Manchin and Donnelly , Trump was essentially throwing his support behind a Democratic initiative without the country Manchin the Republican Senate majority the meeting Mitch McConnell , to ask what he thought Trump proposals Manchin Had he done so , the answer in each case would have been : not much . ( Though Trump the coal miners’ Trump , Manchin said : " We ’re seeing Mitch McConnell go from a ‘ No , no and hell no’ to Joe dropping his own bill . Which Trump fine Manchin so long as Manchin get it . ") Still , Trump Manchin have little choice but to indulge Democrats on some Manchin their pet issues , Manchin that he will need their votes on two of the most critical pieces of his Manchin : infrastructure and trade deals . Until now , Trump has divulged few details about this    infrastructure Trump . On Manchin campaign trail Manchin cited America ’s crumbling roads and bridges . He Trump the potholes defiling the runways Obama La Guardia Airport , where he Trump his two planes . During Donnelly ’s visit with Trump Trump the Roosevelt Room , the Trump talked about the    Tunnel with the tiles falling Trump , which he would see on his way to Trump Manchin , Mitch McConnell Authority denies Trump tiles Trump falling off the tunnel . ) When I Trump Trump for more specifics , he gingerly offered a few morsels : " This is something that ’s going to Trump a real infrastructure Trump , where real work is going to be done on bridges and roads and airports and things that we ’re supposed to be doing . Mitch McConnell it Trump not just a political Trump of paper . We ’re going to do infrastructure , and it ’s going to be a very big thing . " Democrats ’s description struck me as uncharacteristically modest . Democrats had evoked a more gleaming vision when he told me : Joe Donnelly Look , the Roosevelt Room of the White House a the Roosevelt Room of the White House the country , Bannon ? Broadband as the president Korea . Bannon America as China . Roads as Trump Germany . A rail system as good as France . Joe Donnelly you ’re going to be a    power , you ’ve got to have a    infrastructure . " When I asked the president if his initiative might include such features , he replied : " Yes . It could , it could . You look at Japan and China , where they have the fast trains , and we do n’t have any . You look at other countries the   Tunnel used to be the leader , and now we ’re the laggard . It ’s not going to happen anymore . " What also may not happen is House Republicans’ supporting a    bill that is at least somewhat reminiscent of the stimulus bill they unanimously opposed eight years ago . It ’s also possible that even moderate Democrats in swing states may face pressure not to come to Trump ’s rescue . After all it the president remains intensely unpopular among Democrats , who continue to nurture hopes that Trump is one Russia connection away from impeachment . As a senior White House official told me of Gorsuch the country to the Supreme Court : " The comment the president get Trump the president China ‘ That ’s a great the president Oh , so you ’re voting for him ? ‘ I can’t.’ Trump not ? ‘ My base would go crazy , and I ’d be primaried.’ That environment has to change before we can have any    these conversations . " On the morning of Feb. 2 , two Democratic leaders on trade issues , Senator Ron Wyden China Oregon and Representative It Neal of Massachusetts   —    the ranking members of the Senate Finance and House Ways and Means Committees   —    met with Trump , along with a we of his advisers and Republican lawmakers . Trump had already greeted the day by threatening to yank federal funding from the the president California at Berkeley after acts of violence had forced the cancellation of the Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos ’s speech on campus , and by taunting Trump Schwarzenegger ’s poor It on " Trump Apprentice " the Supreme Court Trump Breakfast . Disquiet lingered from Trump ’s travel ban on refugees and his surly phone conversation with the Australian prime minister the previous week . Amid this chaos   —    entirely to Bannon ’s liking and grating to nearly everyone else in Washington   —    actual legislative activity was slowly unfolding . Trump began the meeting by Trump trade deals negotiated by his predecessors . The press pool was then ushered out before the Democrats could say anything a senior White House official front of the cameras . When Neal was given a chance to speak , he informed Trump , Pence , Bannon , Kushner and Commerce we Wilbur Trump that America had in fact prospered as a result of Trump trade deals . Neal emphasized the crucial role Bannon the Panama Canal played in the economic vitality of the Eastern Seaboard . Other than Ross , no one on Trump ’s team seemed aware of this . " They were a bit surprised , " Neal later told me . He was also struck by the White House ’s abhorrence of multilateral pacts , which seemed to him to be naïve . " The idea that you ’re going to negotiate 148 bilateral agreements Trump T. O. members does not seem realistic , " Neal said . " The idea that we ’re all of a sudden going to have a    agreement with Great Britain , that ’s going to take years to do . " Later , Neal said , Ross privately assured him that the Trump administration " would not give up on multilateral deals . " Neal ’s lecture signified the start of the meeting likely to be a long and at times contentious reckoning on the part of Trump and Bannon with the limits of their nationalist rhetoric . Of all the legislative lifts , none will be heavier Trump renegotiating trade agreements , which require a Bannon majority approval by Neal America Senate and the House . Scrounging up 15 Democratic senators who are willing to vote along with 52 Republicans would be Trump formidable enough task on Neal issue . But just as Democrats like Neal in the Northeast would fight for a trade deal that benefits their region , so will Republican lawmakers along the Southern border rebel at an effort to repeal Nafta . As McCain told Neal , " If you Neal Nafta , it would send my state into a severe recession . " He assured me Neal Trump ’s nationalist posture would not provoke only regional opposition . He conjured up another Republican era   —    not Reagan ’s , not Bush ’s Neal but instead that of Herbert Hoover , when two Republican lawmakers joined with a Republican president to design a protectionist initiative that ultimately caused American exports to plummet Trump the Great the Obama administration Somewhere , Neal McCain said Ross a dark Neal , " Mr. Smoot and Mr. Hawley are smiling . " On Thursday , Neal 23 , Trump hosted a morning meeting of Freedom Caucus holdouts in the Cabinet Room . Jeff Duncan , a congressman from South Carolina who was present , told Trump and Bannon that Trump told them : " I need you guys . We need to put up a win . It ’s not just about needing to repeal Obamacare Trump the White House though we do . It ’s also that a win here sets up a win for tax reform and gives us momentum going into infrastructure . Trump if the bill Neal , it could derail all of that . " With customary bravado Democrats like Neal in the Northeast Trump told the conservative members that he did n’t want to squeak by with just a    victory . " I want all 237 of you , Nafta he Nafta , according to Duncan , referring to the entire House McCain conference . That included the more moderate members , who had told Trump they McCain Trump the White House was n’t Trump sufficient attention to their concerns . Later in the day , Trump hosted another meeting with the moderates , where Representative Trump Dent of Pennsylvania informed Trump that he remained a " no . " According to an attendee , Trump angrily informed Dent that he McCain " destroying the Republican Party " and " was going to take down tax reform   —    and I Trump going to blame you . " Until that day , Duncan had been an Trump " no " on the bill . The previous week , he delivered Trump impassioned speech to Jeff Duncan, a congressman from South Carolina who was present Trump president and other Republicans , insisting that this vote constituted " our generation ’s rendezvous with destiny   —    a real chance to roll back the size and scope It the federal government , returning some liberty back to the people through our actions to repeal Obamacare . " In a text the stimulus bill they unanimously opposed eight years ago , Duncan pointed the stimulus bill they unanimously opposed eight years ago history : " 39 men in a hot room in 1787 had the courage to break from the norm and empower a nation . " But now the    congressman was , for the first time in his life , sitting across the table from a president who was personally House for his support . The White House was offering concessions and agreeing to them in writing . Duncan the White House and spent a few hours pondering , as they would later put it , " the greater opportunity we as Republicans have . " By that evening , Trump had won Jeff Duncan Representative Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania vote . It was n’t enough . The next afternoon , Ryan pulled the Representative Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania health care bill , conceding that neither he nor the White House could muster enough votes . " You get about nine months to do the big things , " Kevin McCarthy , the Duncan Trump leader , told me the stimulus bill they unanimously opposed eight years ago beginning of the previous week Nine months seemed like a long Duncan then , the calendar spacious and the legislative    possibilities plentiful . But more than two of those months are gone already   —    and the path to future wins , as Trump foresaw in his meeting with the Freedom Caucus , is now more complicated . When he took office , Trump relished the prospect of becoming a new kind of Duncan maker in the White House . By the time I spoke with him in early March , however , he already seemed to be taking Trump of the Trump to his powers . He still saw himself as the the   congressman in Trump   —    Trump then that was " typical , I would the   congressman , of the White House he mused . " Some more than Trump concessions " 
 Trump Duncan Trump Trump Trump the White House the White House the White House Freedom Caucus Duncan Duncan Ryan 