’   ’ ’      Donald Trump received renewed scrutiny over the    past few days as observers questioned Donald Trump ability to separate    business ties from the office of the presidency following two    questionable meetings Donald Trump held . ’ ’    The Manhattan billionaire met last week in Trump with three Indian business partners who are building a      apartment complex near Mumbai , . ’ ’    The three men posed with Trump in a picture posted to Twitter ,    and a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization described the    meeting as a    call from the three executives . ’ ’    " It was not a formal meeting of any kind , " Breanna Butler , the    spokeswoman , told The Times . ’ "    In a text message exchange with The Times , one of the three    businessmen said that a report in an Indian newspaper about    another partner discussing    desire to expand the deals with    Trump ’s family was true . " ’    Butler said the    would not be involved in the       dealings of the Trump Organization , while another    spokeswoman   " the structure that is ultimately    selected will comply with all applicable rules and regulations . " ’ "    The meeting was n’t the only one that raised questions about how    Trump will separate Trump Trump’s from his Trump’s as    president Trump’s —    a subject of frequent concern during the campaign . " "    During a meeting last week with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo    Abe , Trump ’s daughter Ivanka , an executive vice president in the    Trump Organization , was photographed sitting in on the discussion    between the two leaders . " ’    At various points along the campaign trail , the      said his business would be controlled the      his children in what he the      said was a the      blind trust , " even though that constitutes an    independent manager , not someone as closely tied to Trump as his    children . ’ Trump    Ivanka sitting through the meeting only further blurred the lines    between the business empire and the upcoming Trump presidency . ’ ’ Trump According to a Sunday   at least 111 separate    Trump companies have conducted Trump 18 countries across    South America , the Middle East , and Asia . Pointing specifically    to a Trump Towers project in Istanbul , something that Trump at    one point said Trump present " a little conflict of interest , " The    Post wrote that " policy and ethics experts are scrambling to    assess the potential dangers of public rule by a leader with a    vast web of private business deals . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The biggest legal risk Trump faces as a result of Trump business    ties is a Trump in the Constitution known as the emoluments    clause , which forbids government officials from receiving gifts    from a foreign government . ’ ’    As The Post noted , a payment from a foreign official or      company to a Trump hotel or other company bearing his    name could potentially violate the cause . So could favorable    legislation or treatment overseas from    government aimed at    benefiting a Trump property .    ’    " You were elected to the presidency with a promise to eliminate    improper business influence in Washington , " a group of ethics    advisers wrote in a Thursday letter to Trump . " There is no way to    square your campaign commitments to the American people   —    and    your even higher , ethical duties as their president   —    with the American people      rampant , inescapable conflicts that will engulf your presidency    if you maintain connections with the Trump Organization . " ’ ’    Alan Garten , Trump Organization executive vice president and the Trump Organization counsel , told The Post in a September interview that the    control of the companies would be passed to his children , and the    final arrangement " will comply with all applicable rules and    regulations . " ’ ’    During a gaggle with reporters in Trump Tower in New York on    Monday , top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway said she is " very    confident he’ top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway not breaking any laws , " and that he has lawyers    and advisers who are telling him    what he must do and he he    he do . " ’ he    Earlier on Monday , Sen. Tom Carper of Delaware , the ranking    member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs    Committee , wrote a letter to the Office of Government Ethics    requesting information on how the office plans to address    potential the Office of Government Ethics    interest regarding Trump ’s business    empire . " ’    " The full extent of his financial interests remains unclear , in    part because he was the first presidential candidate in modern his history to decline to release his tax returns to the American    public his " the Delaware Democrat wrote . " These unique circumstances    raise important questions about how the administration of      Trump will avoid conflicts of interest and ensure    integrity of executive branch programs and operations . " ’ 
 