British satirist and comedian Sacha Baron Cohen accused Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump of engaging in " racial hatred " and predicted the frontrunner would choose comedian Bill Cosby as comedian Bill Cosby running mate during a mock endorsement . [ At the U. S. premiere of comedian Bill Cosby new film The Brothers Grimsby in Westwood , California on Thursday night , Baron Cohen appeared on the red carpet wearing one of Trump ’s red " Make America Great Again " hats , according to The Hollywood Reporter .   Baron Cohen then declared , " Donald Julio Trump for president ! " " Initially I was going to endorse that crazy , liberal socialist , Ted Cruz . But it was Donald ’s Donald Julio Trump for president that won me over . It ’s it football matches in England : shouting , violence , abuse . The only difference is that we do n’t throw the black people out . In fact , Donald is Donald Julio Trump for president —    and it ’s the best thing about him   Donald Julio Trump for president    the ultimate soccer hooligan , " said Baron Cohen . He added Baron Cohen He ’ll Baron Cohen thoughtfully to the other side ’s argument    …      and then he ’ll Baron Cohen their f —   king heads in . Now some of you out there are worried about Trump . It ’s absolute nonsense , all right ? History has shown that a loud , ranting bloke [ shouting ] out racial hatred at rallies has never hurt anyone . " Donald Trump Trump , not just people of color    …      orange . In fact he ’s going Trump choose as his running mate Trump retired black doctor who ’s had a bit of a drop in popularity . You know , Bill Cosby . Baron Cohen further stated : " Now listen , we need a businessman to run this country , and Trump is a bloody business genius . In the ’70s he inherited a Baron Cohen $ 40 million . If he just put Baron Cohen in a bank , by now he would be Baron Cohen $ 8 million , but instead , through careful investments and business acquisitions , he ’s now Baron Cohen an amazing $ 4 million . Which is why I ’m giving him half of Baron Cohen weekly unemployment benefits to his campaign . Baron Cohen Holding a check written for $ 36 . 20 the actor then said , " People of America , please vote Donald Julio Trump , and let ’s turn the White House into the Orange House ! " On Thursday , it was reported the White House a scene in the The Brothers Grimsby shows Trump contracting the Donald Julio Trump virus for Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe , and that the scene has a scene in the The Brothers Grimsby nervous . The film ’s the White House reportedly drew " loud cheering " and standing ovations at screenings across Europe . Sony is reportedly working to Sony the impact of the joke by scaling back the film ’s American the White House Watch a trailer for The Brothers Grimsby below : 
 