’   ’ ’    Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently suggested Attorney General Jeff Sessions could    resign amid a souring relationship between Attorney General Jeff Sessions and    President Donald Trump , sources . ’ ’    The news outlet reported that the " friction " between the    president and Attorney General Jeff Sessions attorney general stems from Sessions ’’ March    decision to recuse himself from the investigation into Russian    election meddling and all    inquiries . ’ ’    Multiple sources told ABC that the recusal is " one of the top    disappointments " of Trump’ ’s presidency . ABC’ ’s sources said Trump    " has remained fixated on Trump   " , " and two sources said Trump   " has    " lashed out repeatedly " at Sessions privately , pointing at Trump   "    decision to recuse Trump   " as the reason for the escalation in    the Russia investigation . Former FBI Director Robert Mueller , who    last month was appointed special counsel by Deputy Attorney    General Rod Rosenstein , now oversees the Russia investigation . ’ ’    The tense relationship between the two men " runs both ways , " ABC    wrote , adding that Sessions ’’ sentiment prompted his resignation    offer . Sessions was the first senator to publicly endorse Trump    and has been one of his his loyal backers . Trump Trump       Sessions after his Trump    with one of the most coveted jobs in       administration , the opportunity to lead the Justice    Department . ’ ’    Sarah Isgur Flores , a Justice Department spokesperson , declined    to comment on the ABC story when emailed by Business    Insider . ’ ’’ ’    Earlier Tuesday , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he White House press secretary Sean Spicer not answer when asked if Trump still has confidence in    Sessions . ’ ’    " I have not had that discussion with him , White House press secretary Sean Spicer Spicer said White House press secretary Sean Spicer He later White House press secretary Sean Spicer added    after being pressed again on the matter : " I said I have    not    a discussion with him on White House press secretary Sean Spicer question . I do n’t , If I    haven’’t had a discussion about a subject , I tend not to speak    about    . I   haven’’t had a discussion about a subject ’ ’    The reportedly deteriorating relationship between Trump and    Sessions   which    said Monday that Trump was Trump blame on Sessions for    " various problems " that faced his administration Trump ’ ’    On Monday morning , Trump took Trump at the Justice Department on    Twitter for its defense Trump his controversial Trump ban on six    Muslim countries , which is currently blocked by the courts . Trump    Trump blame the DOJ for the Justice Department politically correct " revised    version of the order , which Trump himself signed Trump that    the Justice Department " should the Justice Department the original    Travel Ban , not the watered down , politically correct version    they submitted " to the Supreme Court . ’ ’    The Times reported that Trump " has intermittently Trump    months over " Sessions ’’ recusal from all Russia matters , citing    individuals close to the president . That    is connected " in    some way " to " much of the past two months of discomfort and      pain for Trump , " the Times Trump . ’ ’Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 