WASHINGTON   —    In the rhetorical battle over Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , President Trump ’s Supreme Court nominee , senators in both parties have been selectively arguing the facts on the jurist and overstating the Senate ’s procedural history . Senator Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader , promised on Sunday that Judge Gorsuch would be confirmed this week , even if Gorsuch required changing longstanding Senate practice to require only a simple majority vote . Here is an assessment of claims from Democratic and Republican lawmakers . THIS IS MISLEADING To reasonably claim a    standard , filibusters would have to be a factor . It takes only a majority , 51 votes , to confirm a nominee . Two current Supreme Court justices , Samuel A. Alito Jr. and Clarence Thomas , did not receive 60 confirmation votes . But under current Senate rules , ending debate or a filibuster over a Supreme Court nominee   —    called a cloture vote   —    requires a    majority . Eight Democrats would need to vote for cloture to end debate over Judge Gorsuch and bring Judge Gorsuch nomination to a straight     vote . Senate has moved to invoke cloture only four times in history for Supreme Court nominations , most recently for Justice Alito ’s confirmation in 2006 , when it Senate    to end debate . Factoring in cloture votes to end filibusters , Mr. Judge Gorsuch right that the most successful nominees have met the    bar at some point . Justice Thomas is the one exception since 1949 . According to the Congressional Research Service , Democrats chose not to filibuster him : Justice Thomas In 1991 , five days of debate on the Thomas nomination Justice Thomas with a    confirmation vote . The 48 opposition votes would have been more than enough to defeat a cloture motion if one had been filed . " In three other cases , they chose The 48 opposition votes to filibuster , but the nominees failed the     a   confirmation vote does this matter ? In 2013 , the Senate majority leader Mr. McConnell " and reduced the cloture threshold for all other judicial and executive nominees to a simple majority . Mr. McConnell has signaled willingness to change the debate rules for Supreme Court nominees as well , and he rejected the idea of a    standard . " It ’s a Mr. McConnell across the bow , so to speak , " the idea of a   standard Joshua Huder of the Government Affairs Institute at Georgetown University . " You ’re seeing hardball tactics in the Senate accompanied by hardball language dressed up as procedural nuance . This is about as intense as a showdown in the Senate gets . " THIS IS MISLEADING Last year , Republicans repeatedly the Senate decision not to consider President Barack Obama ’s nominee , Judge Merrick B. Republicans , by citing tradition . But a Supreme Court vacancy during the " last , final months " has happened only one other time in modern history . In 1968 , President Lyndon Johnson nominated Associate Justice Abe Fortas to replace Earl Warren as chief justice . The Senate did consider Justice Fortas for the position . Justice Anthony M. Kennedy was also confirmed during Associate Justice Abe Fortas Reagan ’s last year in office , though he was nominated the year before . Looking further back , seven nominations in the Justice Anthony M. Kennedy century were made by a " lame duck " president between the election and inauguration of his successor . THIS NEEDS CONTEXT   The debate over Justice Fortas in 1968 also Justice Anthony M. Kennedy as an example of a successful filibuster , as noted on the Senate ’s website . During hearings , Justice Fortas ’s ties to the president , judicial philosophy and outside activities lost him Justice Fortas and the Senate failed to invoke cloture by a    roll call vote Justice Fortas Nine Democrats and Senate did not vote . His nomination was then withdrawn . The filibuster was technically bipartisan , with 19 Democrats voting Justice Fortas cloture . But 15 of them were Southern Democrats , who were part of the conservative coalition and " who stood apart 19 Democrats voting against cloture the regular Democratic Party and would be Republicans today , " said Russell Wheeler of the Brookings Institution . Filibusters are not always a factor in unsuccessful nominations . President Ronald Reagan ’s pick , Judge Robert Bork , was outright rejected , as were two of President Richard M. Nixon ’s selections . " In modern practice , nominees more often withdraw if it looks like their confirmation is in jeopardy , " Mr. Huder said . " That ’s what happened with nominees Miers , Bush II ’s nominee . " THIS IS MISLEADING Judge Gorsuch had long exchanges with Senator Richard Blumenthal , Democrat of Connecticut , about the school desegregation case during his hearings . While he never simply stated that he agreed with the decision , Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch praise several times Judge Gorsuch ■ " It is Judge Gorsuch of the shining moments in Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch the United States Supreme Court . " ■ " It ’s a great and important decision . " ■ " It was a seminal decision that got It original understanding of the 14th Amendment right and corrected one It the most deeply erroneous interpretations of law in Supreme Court history , Plessy v. Ferguson , which is a dark , dark stain on our court ’s history . " 
 