Kabul ( CNN ) At least 94 Islamic State fighters were killed when the US military dropped America ’s most powerful    bomb on ISIS targets in Afghanistan , an Afghan official said Saturday . " The number of Daesh fighters killed in the US bomb in Achin district jumped to 94 , including four commanders , " Nangarhar provincial spokesman Attaullah Khogiani told CNN , using an alternative name for ISIS .   " Our team is in the area and Our team are doing clearance , so the figure might change as Our team find more bodies , " said Dawlat Waziri , a spokesman for the Afghan Ministry of Defense . The initial toll given by Afghan officials for Thursday ’s strike was 36 . A statement released Friday through ISIS’ media wing , Amaq News Agency , said none of the terror group ’s fighters were killed or injured . CNN can not independently confirm the number of casualties . The     Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb ( MOAB ) nicknamed the " mother of all bombs " for The    Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb (MOAB) extraordinary force , was dropped at 7:32 p. m. local time Thursday’s , according to four US military officials with direct knowledge of the mission .   four US military officials with direct knowledge of the mission targeted a network of fortified underground tunnels that ISIS had been using to stage attacks on government forces in Nangarhar province , near the Pakistan border .   The blast destroyed three underground tunnels as well as weapons and ammunition , but no civilians were hurt , Afghan and US officials said . ISIS ISIS A battle against increased threats , US military : ’Right weapon , right target’ The US military defended its decision when The US military was quizzed The US military on whether the    behemoth was necessary for that particular target . The       bomb is capable of destroying an area equivalent to nine city blocks . " This was the right weapon against the right target , " Gen. John Nicholson , commander for US forces in Afghanistan , said at a news conference . " It was the right time to use it tactically against It right target on the battlefield . " The US military previously estimated ISIS had 600 to 800 active fighters in the area . Afghan President Ashraf Ghani said he approved of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani strike , and it was designed the strike support Afghan and US Afghan conducting clearance operations in the region . But former President Hamid Karzai accused the United States of using Afghanistan as " a testing ground for new and dangerous weapons . " President Donald Trump said this week he would be President Donald Trump his new national President Donald Trump adviser , Lt . Gen. HR McMaster , to Afghanistan " to Afghanistan out how we can make progress alongside our Afghan partners we NATO allies . " White House officials wo n’t detail precisely when that visit will take place but say it will come that visit soon . " Trump described the President Donald Trump bombing as Afghanistan another very , very successful mission . " It came a the Afghanistan bombing after he authorized a US missile strike against a Syrian government air base     the first US strike against the Syrian government in the country ’s    civil war . Trump bombings : The mother of all distractions ?   ’Extremely loud boom’ Residents in Afghan villages near the target area felt Thursday ’s powerful strike . One resident living around 2 kilometers ( 1 . 5 miles ) from the blast told CNN he heard an One resident living around 2 kilometers (1. 5 miles) from the blast extremely loud boom that smashed the windows of our house . "   " We were all our , and my children and my wife were crying . We thought it our happened right in front of our house , our house said . One resident living around 2 kilometers (1. 5 miles) from the blast I have witnessed a countless number of explosions and bombings in the last 30 years of war in Afghanistan , but this one was more powerful than any other bomb as far as I remember . " Hamdullah Mohib , Afghanistan ’s ambassador to Afghanistan United States , said the colossal MOAB was dropped after fighting had intensified over the last week . US and Afghan forces had been unable to advance because ISIS     which has expanded into Afghanistan in recent years Afghanistan had mined the area with explosives . Locals told CNN that more than 3 , 000 families had fled the district in the past year or so since the militant group established its presence . One the militant group , who did not want to give his name for fear of ISIS retaliation , said ISIS    which has expanded into Afghanistan in recent years     were no civilians left in the area the group controlled . the militant group butts up against the porous Pakistan border . The rocky landscape is dotted with caves and defensive tunnels , making it easy to hold and The rocky landscape to attack , according to Nic Robertson , CNN ’s international diplomatic editor , who has reported from the Afghan mountains . 
 