Rep. Darrell Issa ( ) joined Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 and discussed the Brexit vote with guest host Matthew Boyle , Breitbart ’s Washington political editor , saying it was a " significant loss " for both President Obama and the presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton because both President Obama and the presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton were behind the push for the United Kingdom ( U. K. ) to remain part of the European Union ( EU ) . [ Issa stressed that it was a big loss for Obama since he had travelled to Europe and actually made comments during a press conference with British Prime Minister David Cameron suggesting the relationship between the U. K. and other countries with trade would n’t be the same . " he was n’t even truthful in what he was saying , " Issa said of Obama .   " The amazing thing was he went over there , tried to interfere and he got The amazing thing exactly wrong , and British got it The amazing thing , " Issa Issa . " As politicians , ultimately , we have to pick between two views or three views   …      you have to listen to everyone . " " The president was n’t listening to the Americans " or the British Issa charged Issa " These people have been able to come from porous borders " from the Middle East , he said Issa the open border policy through the EU . " This grand experiment was beginning to fail for them , These people he added Issa saying he believes Issa British British right decision , just as the Americans made against King George III . " Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have told the world that they ’re listening Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama the world wants the world be without borders and globalized , " Issa said , saying Clinton and Obama Hillary Clinton hearing Barack Obama from their elitists . " Clinton and Obama Trump , as much as he ’s rubbed shoulders Donald Trump the most powerful people   …      has never lost that ability to listen to people , " Issa contrasted . " Issa Trump is echoing Donald Trump believe the vast majority of Americans want , " to have politicians put their interests first . Breitbart politicians Saturday airs every Saturday from 10 a. m. EST until 1 p. m. eastern on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 . 
 