Washington ( CNN ) A new storm is brewing inside the Democratic Party as competing factions begin to grapple for the Democratic Party leadership as the party reels in the wake of Donald Trump ’s stunning victory . The emerging favorite to fill the job , Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison , made formal Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison candidacy for the chairmanship on Monday , saying the Democratic Party must " begin the rebuilding process now . " In what might be perceived as a jab at the broader Democratic strategy in 2016 , he Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison the the Democratic Party did not motivate enough people to the ballot box " in the past election and , given the Democrats’ struggles up and down the ballot , that he would Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison to " build a bench not just for federal candidates , but for state and local candidates across the nation . " Ellison , the first black Muslim elected to Congress , enters the contest with the backing from across the left . He ’s Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison endorsements from Sen. Bernie Sanders , the fiery independent and former Democratic primary candidate , along with outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and Sen. Chuck Schumer , who is set to replace Reid in 2017 , all pledging their support all But other politicos have expressed interest in the position .   Howard Dean , who ran the Democratic National Committee from 2005 to 2009 , and announced last week he would again seek its top the Democratic National Committee , and is expected to be among Ellison ’s most formidable challengers .   Another former presidential candidate , Martin O’Malley , has also announced that he is he his hat he the ring . " Since the election , I have been approached by many Democrats who believe our party needs new leadership , " said the former Maryland Governor . " I ’m taking a hard look at DNC Chair because I know how badly we need to reform our nominating we , articulate a bold progressive vision , recommit ourselves to we wages and a stronger middle class , and return to our roots we a nationwide , grassroots party . " New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman and DNC Vice Chair Ray Buckley is exploring a run , according to the Boston Globe . " . @ChairmanBuckley on DNC chair DNC not officially running yet , but " I am definitely being strongly encouraged to consider it by @ChairmanBuckley members DNC " reporter James Pindell tweeted . In an interview with CNN affiliate NH1 , Buckley said Ray Buckley had Ray Buckley a number of calls and emails from people " all over the country " encouraging him to Ray Buckley .   " In the last few days there have been a lot of people calling in from all over all over the country emailing the country picking up the phone , that have expressed great interest in being able to essentially flip the DNC upside down and restructure how it operates , how it works the DNC it much more the DNC friendly organization the DNC less of a top to bottom organization , " Buckley said .   And Labor Secretary Tom Perez , an outspoken surrogate of Hillary Clinton , is eyeing a run , according to Democrats with knowledge of his plans . A number of Labor Secretary Tom Perez, an outspoken surrogate of Hillary Clinton     especially those interested in someone who can rally the party together after Tuesday ’s crushing loss     are floating his name and Perez is said to be receptive , according to people close to him . One upside to Perez his according to people close Perez him , is that he has his experience in elected his , something a number of DNC members have raised as red flags for other contenders . Sanders backing Ellison , But Sanders     a registered independent who caucuses with Democrats and fought a lengthy primary battle for the party ’s nomination this year     and top allies are touting Ellison for the job . The Ellison congressman currently    the Congressional Progressive Caucus . In an email to supporters late Thursday , the Vermont senator said Ellison was The Minnesota congressman currently   the Congressional Progressive Caucus take Ellison " the political establishment and billionaire class , " and that " his experience and perspective would be Ellison to leading the fight against Trump . " Sanders also made the case for Ellison institutional value of the DNC , an organization he and his backers clashed with Ellison during Ellison primaries . " I ’m sure a lot of you have some feelings about the Democratic National Committee , " he said . " The truth Ellison that it is an important entity to build , The truth , and maintain if we are to have the chance to organize and win in the coming elections while Trump is president . " Ellison supported Sanders in the primary , but emerged as a vocal Clinton supporter after she clinched the nomination . Sanders named Ellison Clinton the Democratic convention ’s Sanders drafting Ellison this summer , filling an influential slot given to the Vermont senator as a concession from the party after an unexpectedly tense nominating contest .   On Sunday Ellison also won the backing from Senate Minority Ellison Harry Reid , who is retiring from Congress after the turn of the year .   " My friend Keith Ellison is a terrific leader Keith who knows how to get things done , " Reid said in a statement . " Now is the time for new thinking and a fresh start at the DNC . Now is the time for Keith . " Ellison ’s office refused to comment to CNN on the record Keith Ellison but he said on a Democracy For America call late Thursday that Keith Ellison would make an announcement about his intentions on Monday . Keith Ellison Dean eyes return , A Keith Ellison governor of Vermont , Dean served as head of the DNC following his own insurgent Dean though ultimately unsuccessful bid for the party Keith Ellison 2004 nomination . As part of his leadership , Dean championed a "   strategy , " Keith Ellison plan intended Dean broaden the electoral map for Democrats . " The dems need organization and focus on the young , " Dean tweeted on Thursday , proposing to renew the strategy . Dean Need a fifty State strategy and tech a "  strategy I am in for chairman again . " On Friday , Dean stepped down from his special adviser role at Democracy for Dean , a progressive Dean action committee he founded in 2004 . But Dean , despite his considerable Dean to the more liberal wing Dean the party Dean looks to be in for a struggle against a progressive left emboldened by Sanders’ primary bid . On Thursday night , People for Bernie , a    progressive group with ties to Sanders , told CNN it was backing Ellison as a first step in displacing Clinton loyalists    " a leadership untainted by cozy relationships to Wall St. moneymen , corporate behemoths , dictators , or monarchs . " In a jab at Dean , People for Bernie    Charles Lenchner added , " Any    strategy must begin with a    accountability project we reject any effort to unite the party behind    agents of a failed leadership . " The current head of the DNC is Donna Brazile , a longtime Democratic operative and former CNN contributor , Brazile officials discussing ways to undermine Sanders’ effort to oust Clinton the DNC primary . Brazile has come under increasing scrutiny after another trove of hacked emails showed her forwarding questions from a town hall jointly hosted Debbie Wasserman Schultz to the Clinton campaign . 
 Brazile Clinton 