Times reporters provided    analysis and fact checks of    Donald J. Trump ’s news conference .      Donald J. Trump made an important concession about Russia . He criticized   Donald J. Trump intelligence officials . He sparred   Donald J. Trump reporters and denounced " fake news . " And that was all before he arrived   Donald J. Trump the ostensible reason for holding his first   Donald J. Trump news conference since July : his plans   Donald J. Trump extricate himself from   Donald J. Trump operations of his vast   Donald J. Trump holdings . Here are the highlights from the whirling , hourlong news conference inside Trump Tower . ■ Mr. Trump said that after his briefing Mr. Trump Friday with American intelligence officials , he now Mr. Trump Russia was behind the effort to hack his election Mr. Trump . " As far as hacking , I think it was Russia , Russia Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ■ However , later in the news conference , Mr. Trump wavered Mr. Trump pressed on the matter . " But you know what , it could have been others also , " he said when asked Mr. Trump he had been so Mr. Trump of American intelligence officials . ■ He harshly criticized the Mr. Trump of unverified reports that claimed Russia has salacious information Russia his behavior and finances Mr. Trump " I think it was disgraceful , disgraceful that the intelligence agencies let any information that turned out to be so false and fake out , " he said . Explaining Mr. Trump Twitter post comparing Mr. Trump United States to Nazi Germany , he said of the Mr. Trump : " That ’s something that Nazi Germany would have Nazi Germany Nazi Germany do . " Mr. Trump added that BuzzFeed , which published the memos in their entirety , is " a failing pile of garbage " that would suffer the consequences for publishing the uncorroborated report . ■ Mr. Trump said he was Mr. Trump other intelligence Mr. Trump that have been made public , which said Russia preferred him over Hillary Clinton and that Mr. Trump Vladimir V. Putin ordered the election meddling to benefit him . " If Putin likes Mr. Trump Trump , guess President Vladimir V. Putin , folks : That is called an asset , not a liability , " he said . He added that President Vladimir V. Putin strong relationship President Vladimir V. Putin allow the two nations to work together on difficult international issues . ■ When asked whether he had a message for Mr. Mr. Trump should n’t be doing it . He wo n’t be doing it Mr. Trump Russia will have much greater respect Mr. Trump our country when I it leading it . " He added : " Russia no reset button . it ’re either Mr. Trump to get along or we ’re not . " But he did not address a question about whether We or anyone on his Mr. Trump staff had had contact with Russia during Mr. Trump campaign . ■ Mr. Trump Trump swatted away allegations included in the Russia reports . He said that , when traveling , he warns his aides and bodyguards , Mr. Trump Be very careful , because in Mr. Trump hotel Mr. Trump and no matter where you go , you ’re gon na probably have cameras . " He also added , apparently referring to a detail in the report about supposed Mr. Trump videos with prostitutes , " I ’m also very much of a germaphobe , believe me . " ■ Discussing the topic the news conference was intended to address , Mr. Trump said he would not divest from his vast business holdings as he Mr. Trump . Instead Mr. Trump the    will turn Mr. Trump the operations and control Mr. Trump those holdings to a trust controlled by his eldest sons , Eric Trump and Donald his vast business holdings ■ The Mr. Trump on the    and Mr. Trump Democrats take the political hit he said would follow . But he said he had decided on a more forthright Mr. Trump : repeal and replace " the Affordable Care Act simultaneously Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump was short on details but clearer in his intention to try to keep Democrats responsible . " We do n’t want to own it politically , " he said . ■ Mr. Trump said that he had Mr. Trump David J. Shulkin , a current under secretary at the Department of Veterans Affairs , to lead that agency Mr. Trump his team had Mr. Trump at least 100 Mr. Trump " in the search for a secretary . ■ Near the end of the news conference , Mr. Trump got into a Mr. Trump match with Jim Acosta of CNN , who tried to press the    into taking a question . " Since you were attacking our news Mr. Trump can you give us a chance ? " Mr. Acosta asked . To which Mr. Trump replied : " Your organization ’s terrible , " and " do n’t be rude , " before dismissing our request once and for Jim Acosta " You are fake Mr. Trump " ( CNN was the first to report that Mr. Trump and President Obama had been briefed by intelligence officials on the uncorroborated documents , but the network did not publish them . ) ■ Sean CNN , the incoming White House press secretary , spoke first to address the publication of the unverified reports by BuzzFeed on Tuesday . Your organization called the reports a the uncorroborated documents frankly outrageous and highly irresponsible " attack on Mr. Trump and a " sad , pathetic attempt to get clicks . " Mr. Spicer said the documents were not an intelligence the unverified reports by BuzzFeed were categorically false . ■ Vice    Mike Pence followed Mr. Spicer and amplified his condemnation of news reports by BuzzFeed and other news outlets Mr. Spicer the uncorroborated documents were " irresponsible " and aimed at discrediting Mr. Trump ’s legitimate election victory . ■ Mr. Trump began Mr. Spicer news organizations that Mr. Spicer not report what he called " the nonsense that was released . Mr. Spicer He said he has " great respect for freedom of the press , and all of that Mr. Trump ■ Mr. Trump said that the document " was released by Mr. Trump the intelligence agencies , who knows , which would Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump blot on their record . " ■ He went on to cast blame on the Democratic National Mr. Trump the hacking . He praised the Republican National Committee for having better defenses and commended Reince Priebus , his incoming chief of staff , who was the committee chairman Mr. Trump ■ Mr. Trump reiterated his description of the report printed by BuzzFeed as " Mr. Trump news the Democratic National Committee did not think Mr. Putin had compromising information about Mr. Trump or the Republican Party . " I ’ll be honest , if he did have something , he Mr. Trump have released it , " he said . ■ He denied that he has Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in Russia : " I Mr. Trump out that I have no dealings with Russia . I have no Mr. Trump in Russia . I Mr. Trump no deals that could happen in Mr. Trump because we ’ve Mr. Trump away . Mr. Trump I have no loans with Russia . As a real estate developer , I have very , very little debt Russia " ■ Mr. Trump said he Russia requested that the intelligence agencies produce a " major Russia " on " hacking defense " to be delivered 90 days after Russia takes office , including an examination of " this situation " with Russia and other incidents of hacking . ■ Mr. Trump A. Dillon , a lawyer for Mr. Trump , took the stage to describe how her client would turn over his business assets Mr. Trump a trust . "   Trump wants there to be no doubt Russia the minds of the American public that he is completely isolating himself from his Mr. Trump , " she said , adding that Mr. Trump ’s sons will make her client decisions for the company " without any involvement Mr. Trump " from Mr. Trump . She said Mr. Trump would resign from all positions Mr. Trump holds with the Mr. Trump Organization Mr. Trump as would his daughter her . ■ Ms. Dillon Mr. Trump the Trump Organization would be allowed to make no new foreign deals during the presidency and that Mr. Trump domestic deals her be Mr. Trump strict restrictions . " He will Mr. Trump know of a deal if he reads about Mr. Trump in the paper or her on TV , the Trump Organization said , referring to Mr. Trump . She also said an ethics adviser would be appointed to the management team of the Trump Organization . ■ Ms. Dillon argued that selling Mr. Trump ’s business would He more difficult a deal create more ethical quandaries than a deal plan that her Organization had chosen . A totally blind trust her she said , would likewise be impossible under the circumstances . And , she added , "   her not be expected to destroy the Mr. Trump . " ■ Ms. Dillon laid out what amounts to the Trump administration ’s interpretation of the Trump Organization Emoluments Clause , which her government officials from taking payments or gifts from a foreign government . her No one would have thought when the Constitution Mr. Trump written , that paying your hotel bill was Mr. Trump her " she said . To avoid any appearances of violations , Ms. Dillon said Mr. Trump had pledged to donate Mr. Trump United States government all profits made by his hotels from payments by foreign governments Mr. Trump ■ Mr. Trump was flanked by a table piled Constitution’s manila folders that he said contained paperwork her he had signed turning over control of the Trump her his sons . ■ Mr. Mr. Trump that if his sons failed to do a good job managing the Mr. Trump during his time in Mr. Trump , he would turn to them and say , " Mr. Trump ’re fired . Mr. Trump In other comments about Mr. Trump businesses , Mr. Trump said he had been offered the Trump Organization 2 billion worth in Mr. Trump , in the United Arab Emirates , " over the weekend " his sons turned them down . Mr. Trump Asked about Mr. Trump returns , Mr. Trump Trump said he was still not releasing them " his sons they are under audit . " He said that the American people did not care about the documents anyway . " The Mr. Trump one that cares Mr. Trump tax returns Mr. Trump the reporters , " Mr. Trump said . ■ Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump looking forward to his sons inauguration . " It ’s going to be a beautiful event , " he said . " his sons have great his sons , tremendous talent Mr. Trump And , he added Mr. Trump massive crowds Mr. Trump as well . ■ Mr. Trump to address criticism that his cabinet choices have presented an abundance of conflicts Mr. Trump interest , Mr. Trump simply praised his appointments . Mr. Trump think we have Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the great cabinets ever put together , " he said . ■ Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to announce " big news " in the next few weeks about companies that would build factories in the Midwest . ■ Mr. Trump said Carrier ’s decision to keep jobs in Indiana sent a clear Mr. Trump other companies Mr. Trump of moving production overseas . " The word is now out We " he said , repeating a call for a " major Mr. Trump on these companies that are leaving . " ■ About that wall : " I do n’t feel like waiting a year , a year and a half I want to Mr. Trump building , " he said . He reiterated that Mexico would reimburse the cost , but he added cryptically that it probably would n’t be in the form of " a payment . " ■ Turning to the Supreme Court , Mr. Trump said he expected Mr. Trump announce a Mr. Trump to fill the court ’s vacant seat two weeks Mr. Trump so after he takes office . ■ Mr. Trump was asked how he would reform the news media he criticizes frequently . " I Mr. Trump recommend reforms Mr. Trump " he said . " I recommend people that have some moral compass . " He added Mr. Trump " I will tell Mr. Trump some of the media Mr. Trump that I deal with are he takes office more so than anybody . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 