Four days after the explosive Donald J. Trump " Access Hollywood " tape was made public , Billy Bush was negotiating Billy Bush exit from NBC . Mr. Bush and NBC are working out the terms of Billy Bush departure from " Today , " which may come in the next few days , according to two people briefed on the plans . It would be a swift fall for Billy Bush after a brief tenure as a host in the 9 a. m. hour of the show . He Billy Bush " Today " this summer . In the videotape from 2005 , which was filmed during the taping of an " Access Hollywood " segment , Mr. Billy Bush and goads Mr. Trump as he speaks Billy Bush women in vulgar and lewd terms , claiming he tried Billy Bush have sex with the woman who was then Mr. Bush ’s   . Mr. Bush , 44 , apologized on Friday evening , and throughout the weekend NBC officials maintained they had NBC officials plans to discipline him . Billy Bush late as Sunday morning , the plan was for Mr. Bush Mr. Bush’s   " Today " on Monday and address the controversy , saying something along the lines of the statement he released Billy Bush Friday , in which he said Billy Bush was Billy Bush ashamed . ’’ But the backlash was significant . Mr. Bush ’s Mr. Bush’s   deluged with thousands of angry comments . Two women that Mr. Bush and Mr. Trump discussed in the tape   —    the former " Access Hollywood " host Nancy O’Dell and the " Days of Our Lives " actress Arianne Zucker   —    released statements over the weekend expressing their disappointment . Given the Two women that Mr. Bush and Mr. Trump discussed in the tape  —   the former "Access Hollywood" host Nancy O’Dell and the "Days of Our Lives" actress Arianne Zucker  —    ’s incredible visibility , it was likely that Mr. the tape would remain part of the news cycle for the near future . " Today " is in competition with ABC ’s " Good Morning America " and the fallout from the videotape could have affected NBC ’s ratings in the morning hours , particularly among women , who represent a significant portion of the show ’s viewership . By Sunday night , NBC had suspended Mr. Bush NBC Noah Oppenheim , the executive in charge of " Today , " told his staff in an email Mr. Bush " there is simply no excuse for Billy ’s language and behavior on that tape . " NBC News officials also learned in recent days that at the Olympic Games this summer , Mr. Bush bragged to some Mr. Bush about a videotape involving bad behavior by Mr. Trump . The New York Post first reported this on Monday night . " Access Hollywood " personalities like Natalie Morales , Kit Hoover and Nina Parker have offered Mr. Bush support this week ( Mr. Bush Billy that I know   —    and a lot of people would say this   —    has the biggest heart of anybody and he is a good person , " ("The Billy that I know  —   and a lot of people would say this  —    Hoover said ) but few other Kit Hoover defended him . Complicating matters , Mr. Bush did ("The Billy that I know  —   and a lot of people would say this  —    have a particularly Mr. Bush with many of the other stars of " Today . " That point was underscored in August when Mr. Bush landed what looked to be the Mr. Bush the Olympics : The first    interview with the swimmer Ryan Lochte as he described being robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Mr. Bush . As Mr. Lochte ’s story disintegrated in the following days , Mr. Bush was hesitant to condemn him . During Mr. Bush of " Today , " Mr. Bush Bush contended that Mr. Lochte " lied about some Mr. Bush " Al Roker quickly Mr. Lochte to dress down his colleague , saying pointedly , " Billy , not some details , Al Roker before adding , " He lied . " 
 Al Roker 