Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos is set to deliver a major speech at the University of Houston on Monday , entitled " How to Destroy the   . " [ a major speech is expected to be one of Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos most substantial addresses to an American university so far , and will include references to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s speech on the    in which she Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s out two of Milo ’s headlines in horrified tones .   The a major speech cover where the    came from , what it is a major speech and how the Left can destroy it   a major speech    assuming it ’s a major speech already too late . He is expected to lay the blame for the rise of the movement , as well as the popularity of Donald Trump and himself , He the feet of progressive activists , the    media , liberal college professors , Hollywood , and     political correctness . Milo , who has spoken extensively about the    over the past few months ,    a guide to the movement the movement entitled " An Establishment Conservative ’s Guide to the   " with Allum Bokhari , which was covered by news outlets all over the world , including the Washington Post , the Boston Globe , BBC News , and the Daily Mail . He does not describe himself as a He of the    but the press has been desperate to crown him a figurehead He as he explained to He recently .   Explaining his decision on He theme of the speech , Milo said " The alt right has been attacked as racist , sexist , transphobic , Islamophobic and homophobic by journalists who show no interest in understanding something they helped to create " . Milo ’s event Milo the University of Houston will be his second date Milo the recently continued Dangerous Faggot tour , which started its second leg the University of Houston Texas Tech on Monday . In Milo ’s new Milo bus , which is emblazoned with his logo , Milo name of the tour , and of course   —    five pictures of his face , Milo is currently Milo across the east and west coasts , stopping at a wide range of schools including Yale , Vanderbilt , and Stanford until the tour ’s the tour February . You can see the current dates on the Dangerous Faggot tour at Milo ’s website here . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington Charlie Nash like his page at Facebook Charlie Nash 
 