Beijing   ( CNN ) North Korea marked the final day of US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’s Asia visit Sunday by claiming to have tested a new type of rocket engine , underlining the country ’s defiance of recent calls for calm on the Korean Peninsula . The test came hours before Tillerson met Chinese President Xi Jinping , the    meeting between an American official and a Chinese leader since US President Donald Trump took power in January . Xi told Tillerson that there are far more shared interests between the two countries than disputes , emphasizing the need for more communication and coordination on matters involving " regional hotspots , " according to a statement released by the Chinese foreign ministry . On Sunday , North Korean leader Kim Jong Un oversaw the successful test of a    engine ,    Korean Central News Agency reported , saying the event had " historic significance " that could lead to the " new birth " of the country ’s indigenous rocket industry . Trump said Sunday that Trump ’d " had meetings on North Korea , " and without mentioning North Korean leader by name said " Trump is acting very very badly . I will tell you Trump is acting very badly . "    Tillerson in Asia   Beijing was Tillerson ’s final stop on Trump first official trip to Asia , which also included visits to Japan and South Korea .   his first official trip to Asia, which also included visits to Japan and South Korea followed a string of North Korean missile launches , which escalated tensions on the Korean Peninsula and came amid fears Pyongyang is preparing for another nuclear test . Despite earlier warning that all options     including military action     remained on the table in dealing with Pyongyang Pyongyang Tillerson refrained from the harsh language that he Tillerson used in Tokyo and Seoul upon arriving in Beijing . Xi and Tillerson leaders met for 30 minutes at the Great Hall of the People , a statement from State Department spokesman Mark Toner said .   The Xi and Tillerson leaders agreed there are opportunities for greater cooperation between China and the United States , but acknowledged there are , and will be in the future , differences between the two countries , " the statement a statement from State Department spokesman Mark Toner It added that a statement from State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Trump is " anticipating the two will soon be able to meet face to face for discussions that will chart the course for future    relations . " North Korea ’s only ally , China is Pyongyang China only major global ally , with bilateral trade accounting for 70 % of North Korea ’s North Korea’s providing a political and economic lifeline to Kim ’s increasingly isolated regime . Trump has repeatedly Trump on Beijing to use China leverage over Trump unpredictable neighbor Trump   He singled out Trump again Friday China tweeting , " North Korea is behaving very badly . They have been ’playing’ the tweeting States for years . China has done China to help ! " After meeting his Chinese counterpart Trump Foreign Minster Wang Yi , on Saturday , Tillerson stressed " renewed determination " by Beijing and Washington to " work together to convince the North Korean government to choose a better path and a different future for its people , " without the North Korean government details . Although neither side brought up the subject publicly , Tillerson had been expected to Tillerson the prospect of financial penalties on Chinese companies and banks that do business with North Korea . " The Trump administration is banking that threats of US military action in South Korea and tougher sanctions North Korea entities will intimidate Beijing into changing its policies , " said Ashley Beijing , a research fellow at the United States Studies Center at the University of Sydney . On the trip , Tillerson has signaled a new approach toward North Korea , saying that Washington North Korea of " strategic patience " over the past 20 years aimed at halting North Korea ’s nuclear development was a failure . Between the US and North Korea , Beijing , however , North Korea irked by calls that it is n’t doing enough to lessen tensions in the region . Wang said China had made " important contributions " to Beijing US engagement with Pyongyang but stressed it was , at its core , an issue between the United Beijing and North Korea . An    opinion piece Friday North Korea Global Times , a Chinese    tabloid , made a similar point . " Washington and Seoul are trying to shift all the burden of solving the North Korean nuclear issue onto China and include China into their strategy toward Pyongyang , " it China . Washington and Seoul But that way , China the North Korean nuclear issue North Korea will become enemies , further China the conflict . The North Korean nuclear issue is caused by    the North Korean nuclear issue no obligation to shoulder all the responsibilities . " Wang reiterated the China position that the United States should " come back to the right track of a negotiated settlement . "   He also said he hoped Washington would examine Beijing ’s plans to defuse tensions Wang although Tillerson Wang already the United States the proposal the United States should drop joint military exercises with South Korea as a show the United States to Pyongyang . Tillerson said Friday that Washington did " not believe that conditions are right to engage in Tillerson talks at this the United States . "   However , he left the door open Saturday , saying he would work with China to " bring Tillerson Korea to a different place where we Tillerson hopeful we can begin a dialogue . " Trump and Xi to meet ?   Tillerson was China in Beijing to iron out the details of a tentative summit between Presidents Tillerson and Xi in Florida in April . It would be the first meeting between the two men , whose interactions would affect what many consider the world ’s most important diplomatic relationship . The Chinese foreign ministry statement quoted Tillerson as saying that Trump expected the two leaders to meet " as soon as possible Tillerson but did not Trump and Xi the April summit . Xi also invited Trump to visit China , it added . Despite fiery rhetoric on the campaign trail and Trump and Xi to his inauguration , Xi and his administration have taken a relatively    approach to China so far . Trump Trump and Xi not his through on campaign threats to label China a China manipulator or impose Trump and Xi tariffs on Chinese imports .   He also endorsed China " One China " policy , which has governed delicate relations between Trump and Xi United States , China and China for decades     after questioning its legitimacy shortly after his election . 
 China China 