’   ’ "    Not since the Cold War have tensions between Russia and the West    reached the terrifying heights we ’ve seen in recent months . " ’    Russia now challenges the West    in virtually every arena possible ,    with    of      countries , and the intimidation of US allies . ’ "    According to   the founding publisher of     and an avid    Russia ’s resurgence       mainly to one thing : paranoia . " ’    " We’’ve seen the failure of democratic institutions in Russia .    It’ ’s not the open and free society that we had hoped for at the    end of the Cold War , and with that the failure of democratic institutions in Russia an insecurity on    the part of Moscow’ ’s leaders , " Lewis said of Russia’ ’s retreat    back toward dictatorship after the fall of the Soviet Union . ’ ’    Democracy provides countries like the US with a stable ,    established path for power changing hands . In the US the US    serve at the pleasure of the people , who have legal and political    means to replace their leadership without politicians    . ’ ’ ’ ’    Russia , where   between powerful ,    connected oligarchs and regular Russian citizens , Lewis said , the    rulers are " terrified that they’’re going to be toppled from    power , which they don’’t hold democratically or the   rulers   —    they    fear a coup the   rulers " ’ ’    Lewis said the wisdom from Lewis still holds . Kennan argued that the Soviet Union saw    itself in a " capitalist the Soviet Union " and could not peacefully    coexist with the capitalist , or Western , world . ’ ’   ’ ’    " At bottom of Kremlin’ ’s neurotic view of world affairs is    traditional and instinctive Russian sense of insecurity , " Kennan    argued . " Kennan have invariably sensed that Russian rule    was relatively archaic Russian rulers form , fragile and artificial in its    psychological foundation , unable    stand comparison or contact    with political systems of Western countries . " ’ ’    Lewis contends that these conditions persist and that " the way    they deal with that insecurity is bullying and threatening their    neighbors . " ’ they    Russia has committed to " build their security on the insecurity    of their neighbors , " Lewis said their And creating instability Lewis as    easy as casting doubt ,    creating stability requires    accountability and transparency , which    Russian state need not    Russia it increasingly takes control of the country’ ’s    media . ’ ’    " Interference with Ukraine and Baltics is part of that " will to    destabilize Russia’ ’s neighbors , Lewis said . Moscow’ ’s push for    chaos in the West can be seen , he said , in its " " as Lewis    as in Moscow’ hacks on the US election system . Moscow’ ’    " It’ ’s important to them to tear us down to prove that we’’re just    as bad and corrupt as they are , " Lewis said . ’ them    Unfortunately for the US , much of Russia ’s campaign to discredit    Western institutions works . Republican presidential nominee    Donald Trump often touts information   an organization     and has   and    . " "    Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s favorability numbers , which he    keeps   and oppressing dissenters , Russian President Vladimir Putin also     this election cycle . " ’   ’ "    Lewis says Russia has funded several    nationalist    organizations in Europe , like that of France ’s Marine Le Pen . The    rise of nationalistic ,     seeking authoritarians on    the far right ,   seems    to favor autocratic regimes like Putin ’s    " "    In countries like Turkey and Hungary , powerful leaders with    nationalist rhetoric erode the democracies that brought them to    power . Those leaders then powerful leaders with   nationalist rhetoric turn to Putin as powerful leaders with   nationalist rhetoric    who wo n’t Putin them for attacking the press or other democratic    powerful leaders with   nationalist rhetoric . " ’    Lewis said Russian leadership wanted Americans to think , " The    people who run the US are just as bad as the people who run    Russia , " adding that he found such tactics " infuriating . " ’ Lewis    While examples of corruption and abuse can certainly be found in    Western , democratic governments , regular citizens and a free    press can freely speak out when they disagree with the rich and    powerful . examples of corruption and abuse can certainly be found in   Western, democratic governments, regular citizens and a free   press brings accountability to the government    ’ "    Putin , on the other hand , does n’t want free speech , dissent , or    rule by consensus ; he wants order to provide the security his      Putin government so sorely lacks . "   Putin just want a free hand to bully their neighbors , " Lewis    said . " There is no Russians of Russian power that will make Putin    feel secure . There is nothing we can do that can make them    happy . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " If we gave them the Baltics , they’’d ask for Finland and Poland we "    Lewis said . ’ ’    But the US has very few options to deal with this menace . The US    allows free speech , and Russian propaganda and talking the US no doubt continue to find their way into Western society .    Within Russia , Lewis said : " Russian propaganda and talking points    is consolidating power , and    he’   Lewis paranoid . There’ ’s not much you can do . You can’’t fix it for    the Russians   —    they have to fix it themselves There’ " ’ 
 There’ they 