On Saturday , the Greater Los Angeles Area chapter of the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) called for extra police protection at local mosques after three letters referring to Muslims as " Children of Satan , " and which referenced    Donald Trump , were allegedly sent to three California mosques . [ A copy of a letter sent by " Americans for a Better Way " and addressed to the " Children of Satan was posted online by CAIR .   " He ’s going to do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews . "   —    Mailed to a # SanJose mosque . Statement from CAIR : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Zahra Billoo ( @ZahraBilloo ) November 26 , 2016 ,   CAIR CAIR been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates , and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted    in a Hamas    operation . " You Muslims are vile and filthy people , " the letter ’s author wrote . It went on to say " there ’s a new sheriff in town , " referring to Trump , and suggested that he Trump " going to cleanse America and make it America again " by doing " to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews . " The handwriting on the the letter elementary . According to a    press release , the letter the letter to the Islamic Center of Long Beach , the Islamic Center of Claremont and an Islamic center in San Jose , prompting CAIR ’s San Francisco Bay Area chapter to call for similar police protection of mosques , notes local ABC affiliate in Los Angeles ABC 7 . ABC We are not going to be alarmist . It is just one letter , " Hasan Z. Rahim , a spokesman for the Evergreen Islamic the Islamic Center of Claremont Jose Mercury News . " San Jose also are going to have the Islamic Center of Claremont be vigilant . " Rahim added that the center has received    phone the Islamic Center of Claremont waves of terrorist attacks , carried out by Muslims . However , this was its first time receiving a letter , he told the paper . According to the Rahim News , while Rahim said he the San Jose Mercury News addressed to the three Rahim disturbing Rahim he does not believe it would result in physical violence Rahim the center . the letter addressed to the three mosques disturbing All of us are Americans , " Rahim reportedly said . " We are as much a Rahim of this land as us else . And we are confident that this being a country of law us no one really can take the law into their own hands and act on their law . " no one Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and no one @AdelleNaz 
 