Senator Rand Paul ( ) was a guest on Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily , where Senator Rand Paul joined SiriusXM host Matt Boyle in critiquing the legacy media ’s coverage of the 2016 election . [ " You know , I think they ’re so openly partisan that I ca n’t even hardly turn on CNN in the morning , that they ’re going on and on about potential conflicts of interest , " Senator Rand Paul said . " Not that they ’ve said this is a conflict of interest . they just go on and on and on , so this ’s clearly a partisan network , and there ’s no news . "   " During the campaign cycle , they must have spent hours of media time talking about how , ‘ No , Donald Trump really was n’t against the Iraq War because Donald Trump nodded Donald Trump head one time during an interview with Howard Stern on a question with the Iraq War,’ " Donald Trump recalled . " What they missed by doing that , by being so partisan , what they miss is , there really was a substantive difference between Donald Trump and Clinton on the Iraq War , regime change , and   . " Donald Trump noted that " Donald Trump has reiterated , as recently as in the last week or two    …      that we do n’t have enough money to build nations overseas we need to rebuild our country . " " Donald Trump ’s talked about infrastructure here , and this is a profound difference between Donald Trump and Clinton because you know Clinton kept talking about how Clinton was still for regime change in Syria , getting rid of Assad . Clinton was for regime change in Libya , and Trump was opposed to that , but the media   —    because they ’re so partisan   —    never , ever got to that substantial point because they were too busy trying to point out , ‘ Oh , we got Trump because he Trump say at one time he Trump for the war.’ When in reality , what made the most difference was that he Trump the lesson that the Iraq War was a mistake , " Paul Trump . He Trump that Trump Trump won on a different kind of message " and hoped Trump Trump fill his Trump with " people who are consistent with the kind of message he Trump on . " He Trump Betsy DeVos as a " good pick " for secretary of education , and Rep. Tom Price ( ) as a good choice for Health and Human Services secretary . Paul said one of Trump Trump first tasks should be repealing the "   regulations " put forward by President Obama , which are " chasing American companies overseas . " " I ’d like to see us repeal a hundred regulations in a hundred days , if we us , " he Paul . " Some of these things can be done by executive order because President Obama put them all in place by executive order . So as much as I ’m not a fan of a big , powerful presidency , I am a fan of the presidency undoing the power grabs that the President Obama , and I think they will . the power the signs we ’ve been hearing is that he ’s going President Obama be bold and decisive , and that he will get President Obama of these    regulations . " Paul stressed that " lower taxes and less regulations " would be key to making America a competitive business environment and preventing companies from moving jobs overseas . The Senator was President Obama when Boyle invited him to offer some President Obama advice for the Democrats : " You know , being a partisan , I hope they keep doing what the Democrats ’re doing because the Democrats certainly is n’t working . "   " They keep    leaders the Democrats decades ago , " he noted . " President Obama Pelosi ’s been in charge for decades now . She ’s been part Nancy Pelosi the extreme liberal wing of the Democrat Party that is really the wealthy elite . These people are disconnected from the working class . They probably do n’t These people anybody that ’s ever gotten their hands dirty . These people they keep appointing and These people their leadership be the These people elite , the wealthy elite disconnect with the American people These people only grow , and hopefully those of us who want more freedom to go back to the individual and to the states , I think we ’ll keep winning as long us they keep the old elite guard These people place . " Paul said the Republican Party has taken the lead because it has " connected the working the Republican Party to the small businessperson , to those who are American business versus people who leave us and go overseas . " " I ’ve always said that that ’s when we become the dominant party , the Republican Party that ’s when we connect the worker to the the Republican Party , and say , you know what , we ’re not going to have the Republican Party shrinking American pie . We ’re not going to have the Republican Party smaller economy where you have to grab yours before somebody else grabs their share . What we want is an expanding American the Republican Party , where workers and business owners and everyone is enjoying a bigger slice of the pie because the economy is a shrinking American pie " he said . " I think we an expanding American pie, where workers and business owners and everyone is enjoying a bigger slice of the pie because the economy is growing grow like crazy , the Republican Party Paul predicted . " We ’ve been an expanding American pie, where workers and business owners and everyone is enjoying a bigger slice of the pie because the economy is growing along under the Republican Party Obama economy at like maybe 1 the economy if we ’re lucky . If we really do cut taxes , if we cut the corporate income tax and cut the regulatory burden , this economy is ready to really grow and create the economy jobs . So I think you ’ll see not only a transformation of the political landscape , but I think we ’re poised to see a transformation of our economy , where we could really be a vibrant we leads the world we job creation . " He advised his fellow Republicans to be on guard against the " giddiness He that can come when a single party controls the White House and both houses of Congress , and to remember what the party stands for . " We are a party that a single party believes in lower taxes and less regulation we ’re a party that believes , and says we believe , in balancing the budget , " he noted . we No matter who proposes it , I ’ll continue to be an advocate for balancing the budget . I ’ll continue to be somebody   —    the budget may be alone in this   —    but I wo n’t vote for budgets that never balance . We ’re going to have a fight early on in January . People want to repeal Obamacare , and so do I , but I want to repeal it passing a budget that actually is a fiscally conservative budget that balances Obamacare Right now , the tussle in the Senate is , people want to pass any old budget , whether it ever balances or not , whether it ’s fiscally conservative or not any old budget They just want to get it any old budget because they ’re going to then people that to repeal Obamacare any old budget "   people I ’m a physician . I hate Obamacare . I want to do anything we can to get rid of Obamacare . But at the same time , I ’m not willing to Obamacare for a budget , even if it ’s ’m Republican budget , that never balances and is not fiscally a budget , " Paul declared . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 