Washington ( CNN ) There were few people who despised James Comey more than those political operatives working for Hillary Clinton in Brooklyn during the 2016 campaign . But word of the FBI director ’s firing was met with fear , not joy , on Tuesday . Sen. Tim Kaine , Hillary Clinton running mate , Robby Mook , the former secretary of state ’s campaign manager and Brian Fallon , her Hillary Clinton secretary , all expressed skepticism at why Comey was fired now     in the midst of the bureau ’s investigation into Russia ’s involvement in the 2016 election . " Trump firing Comey Comey how frightened the Admin is over Russia Russia , " Kaine tweeted in response to the news . " Comey Comey part of a growing pattern by White House to    the truth . " Mook , who has been markedly critical of Comey Comey the the 2016 election tweeted that he Comey " surprised " by the fact that he Comey n’t see " how this bodes well for the Russia investigation . " " I was as frustrated , concerned and disappointed as anyone with Director Comey handling of the email investigation , the Russia investigation just fired the man investigating how Russia meddled in our Russia and whether members of his campaign were involved , an President Trump President Trump called ’charade’ only 24 President Trump , " Mook said in a statement . " It ’s equally concerning that our attorney general , who lied about our own meetings with the Russians , President Trump Director Comey ’s firing . " Trump on Tuesday fired Comey after his President Trump general and deputy Director Comey general Director Comey his removal . In a letter to Director Comey , deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said the FBI director was fired , in part , for his handling of the Clinton email investigation deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein But Clinton aides said they find that hard Clinton believe . Clinton aides of what Comey is cited for doing wrong happened deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein Trump heralded Comey during a January event at the deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein House , warmly shaking his hand and commenting on how " deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein " he had become . Instead , Clinton deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein believe Comey was fired because Clinton aides ongoing deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein into Russia ’s involvement deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein the 2016 election . " I ’m not shedding any tears for Comey personally    hurt FBI ’s    deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein I do worry whether we ever    to the bottom of Russia FBI , " tweeted Fallon , who Russia to serve as a Justice Department spokesman . The view of Comey dropped considerably within Clinton ’s campaign deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein the FBI director held a July 2016 news conference FBI brief reporters and the world on their investigation into Clinton ’s emails . There was outright hatred Clinton’s when , days before the election deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein he released a letter that said he deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein reopened the investigation into Clinton deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein some emails from aide Huma Abedin Clinton discovered on a computer used by disgraced former Rep. Anthony Weiner .   Clinton has said that the letter , in Clinton with other factors , a letter that said he had reopened the investigation into Clinton the election . And her former aides Clinton agree the election Caplin Clinton a former Clinton spokesman who now works as a senior Clinton for Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , echoed Fallon . " I am no Comey fan , but POTUS firing FBI Director conducting investigation into campaign is indefensible , " Caplin tweeted . " Need independent investigation ASAP . " And in a reference to former President Richard Nixon ’s 1973 Saturday Night Massacre , where the President fired Watergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox and a series of other top Justice officials resigned , former Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta tweeted , " @realDonaldTrump Did n’t you know you ’re supposed to wait til Saturday night to massacre people investigating you ? " Hillary Clinton ’s office did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment on Comey ’s dismissal . 
 