MSNBC anchor Stephanie Ruhle spent 20 minutes on Oct. 26 throwing ethical accusations at Donald Trump ’s    but Donald Trump ignored Donald Trump own ethical conflicts and Donald Trump financial interests in the outcome of the 2016 presidential race . [ her own ethical conflicts and her financial interests include Ruhle ’s professional ties to Wall Street , whose financial leaders ardently oppose Donald Trump’s policies , plus her Donald Trump interest in the hedge fund sector , which faces increased taxation if Trump Donald Trump elected to the White House .    Her hedge fund husband    Hubbard remained offscreen and unmentioned as Ruhle pelted Rudy Giuliani with hostile questions about polls , healthcare policy , election rigging , endorsements , charitable spending , women voters , and eventually a question about supposed " hate and racism " by Trump Donald Trump supporters and aides . Those charges of unethical conduct leveled at Trump Donald Trump or fall based on the evidence   —    but Ruhle ’s own standing as an honest broker is tainted because her husband works for Ruhle hedge fund firm and previously was part of a banking conglomerate that was fined for deceptive treatment of clients during the housing bubble .   Giuliani successfully caught and returned each claim and charge from Ruhle , gradually causing Ruhle to concede or Ruhle her subject . " Ruhle is a fair point    …      that is not good news [ for Clinton ]    …      I ’m not going to argue , that ’s some bad news there [ for Clinton ]   … Clinton okay   …      you know better than me , " she said as Giuliani Ruhle his answers Giuliani at Giuliani .   After Ruhle minutes of throw and return , Ruhle brought up vague claims of " racism " and " hate , " without offering evidence to support her scattershot questions . Ruhle Before we go , I just want to ask you one thing . Clearly we ’ve got an we country   …      I want to talk about the hate that has been incited in this election    …      I ’ve also never seen the hate and the racism out of so many people , " she said .   Ruhle countered , saying , " there ’s no racism    …      to say that Donald Trump is a racist is outrageous , and to call anybody a racist is outrageous . " He quickly turned the Giuliani , saying " I think your [ MSNBC ] station is completely left wing and totally    and totally      …      We do n’t think we get anywhere fair We on this station . " your [MSNBC] station charges put Giuliani the defensive , causing her to drop her suggestions that Ruhle ’s campaign Ruhle promoting racism amid its repeated calls for    policies Trump’s campaign benefit all Americans , regardless of color . Throughout the    interview , Ruhle hid her own financial and Ruhle interests Ruhle a victory for Hillary Clinton .   Ruhle herself has close ties to Ruhle and employers , including Michael Bloomberg , who is a sharp critic of Trump ’s populist      policies . Prior to her anchor position at MSNBC , Bloomberg Ruhle Ruhle to be managing editor and news Ruhle for his television business , to be     for his news operation , and to be his at for his TV show , Bloomberg GO . his July , Bloomberg Bloomberg Trump at the Democratic convention Bloomberg   Trump says he ’ll punish manufacturers that Trump to Trump or China , but the clothes he sells are made overseas in    Trump , " Bloomberg said . " He says he Bloomberg to put Americans Trump to Trump , but he games the U. S. visa system Trump he can hire temporary foreign workers at Trump wages . He says he wants to deport 11 Trump undocumented Trump , but he seems to have no problem in Trump them . Also , Ruhle ’s husband 11 million undocumented people as a " managing director " at UBS O’Connor , where he is a " portfolio manager in Ruhle’s husband , " according to his LinkedIn page .   Hubbard ’s Ruhle’s husband of UBS " is a    hedge fund manager within UBS Asset Management , " said the web page .   We combine his LinkedIn page the goal of creating a diverse We of returns relatively uncorrelated to major asset classes , By shifting capital and risk dynamically across strategies we look to exploit investment opportunity sets that we see in the market , If elected , Trump has promised to end the    " carried interest " tax loopholesthat allows hedge fund companies to minimize taxes paid by the partners .   That promise   —    plus Trump ’s populist pitch   —    has generated Trump to Wall Street Investors .   According to a research paper by a Clinton supporter , Trump ’s promise of reduced immigration will lower profits by Trump payrolls , causing a    drop in the stock market . The paper was released by Mark Zandi , the chief economist a research paper by a Clinton supporter ’s Analytics , which " helps capital markets and credit risk management professionals worldwide respond to an evolving marketplace with confidence . " Correspondingly , Hubbard ’s hedge fund sector and Bloomberg ’s investment community have strongly backed Clinton over Trump in the 2016 campaign . The Wall Street Journal reported in July that : Hedge funds are playing a far bigger role in 2016 than in past elections —   and Hillary Clinton has been the single biggest beneficiary . Owners and employees Clinton funds have made $ 122 . 7 million in campaign contributions this election cycle , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics —   more than twice what they gave in the entire 2012 cycle and nearly 14 % of total Owners and employees of hedge funds donated from all sources so far . The lines around what constitutes a hedge fund are n’t always clear in the data , or in the financial industry . But the numbers are stark . OpenSecrets . org , the center ’s website , says employees or owners of hedge funds and the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics $ 27 . 6 million to    groups or her campaign , according to federal data released in July . Counting contributions from similar    investment funds , the data show seven financial firms alone have generated $ 47 . 6 million for federal data released in July on Mrs. Clinton ’s behalf . The total for Donald Trump : About $ 19 , 000 . On October 26 , Fortune . com reported that : Wall Street is giving more money than ever to influence the outcome of the 2016 elections —   but hardly any of it is going to Donald Trump . And that ’s doubly true of the elite managers the 2016 elections the nation ’s Donald Trump and giant retirement plans . So far , hedge funds and their employees have contributed more than $ 173 million towards political campaigns for the 2016 election , more than triple the amount they gave during the last presidential election cycle in 2012 , and more than eight times their hedge funds and their employees in 2008 , according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics ( on which hedge funds and their employees based its report )   …      Including contributions from both hedge funds and private equity firms , Trump and groups supporting him have commanded $ 239 , 250 , a more than    increase from the mere $ Trump , 054 he ’d received in the first half of this year , according to the CFRP ’s latest Trump . But at the same time , Clinton has managed to win another $ 20 million from those funds , bringing her total hedge fund and PE firm haul to $ 45 . 2 both hedge funds and private equity firms, Trump and groups up from the Clinton 25 . 6 million reported over the summer . Indeed , Clinton is the top beneficiary of the industry ’s political contributions , while Trump does n’t even rank Clinton the top 10 recipients . During the peak bubble years from 2004 to 2014 , husband Andy Hubbard was a " Managing Director " at Credit Suisse in New York , where he was head of " US Structured Credit Derivatives Trading , " according to his biography at LinkedIn husband Andy Hubbard That conglomerate was hit by multiple federal lawsuits once the bubble burst . husband Andy Hubbard According to the federal charge filed in November 2012 , " residential mortgage    securities    …      sponsored and underwritten by Credit Suisse in 2006 and 2007 have suffered losses of approximately $ 11 . 2 billion . " The bank , said the federal accusers "    …      systematically failed to adequately evaluate the loans , ignored defects that its limited review did uncover , and kept its investors in the dark about the inadequacy of its   …      procedures and defects in the loans .   …      loans in Credit Suisse ’s    securities included   …      that had been made to the loans were unable the loans very likely to default , and ultimately did default in large numbers    …      By    cumulative losses incurred the loans sponsored by Credit Suisse in 2006 and 2007 totaled over $ 11 . 2 billion , or approximately 12 percent of Credit Suisse balances of approximately $ 93 . 8 billion .   There is no evidence that Hubbard was involved in the mortgage problems , and also there is much evidence that the blame for the bubble can be shared with the federal government ,    agencies , progressive advocacy groups , as well as bankers and Wall Street firms . But in November 2012 ,    agreed to pay $ 120 million " to settle U. S. civil charges that November 2012 investors in the sale of risky mortgage bonds prior to the 2008 financial crisis , regulators said on Frida , " according to Reuters .    In March 2014 ,    settled with a payment of $ 885 million to the federal government , without admitting any wrongdoing . It agreed to " pay $ 885 million    settle two lawsuits with the Federal Housing Finance Authority the federal government over $ 16 . 6 billion of       it sold between 2005 and 2007 , " according to CNN . The property bubble had its greatest impact on Hispanic and    households , according to a 2011 the Federal Housing Finance Authority (FHFA) by the Pew Research Center .   The Pew the bubble that , in the bubble terms , the bursting of the housing market bubble in 2006 and the recession that followed from late 2007 to    took a far greater toll on the wealth of minorities than whites . From 2005 to 2009 , inflation adjusted median wealth fell by 66 % among Hispanic households and 53 % among black households , compared with just 16 % among white households .   As a result of these declines , the typical black household had just $ 5 , 677 in wealth ( assets minus debts ) in 2009 the typical Hispanic household had $ 6 , 325 in wealth and the typical white household had $ 113 , 149 .   Moreover , about a third of black ( 35 % ) and Hispanic ( 31 % ) households had zero the typical black household in 2009 , compared with 15 % of white households . In 2005 , the comparable shares had been 29 % for blacks , 23 % for Hispanics and 11 % for whites . Read the Pew report here .  
 a 2011 report by the Pew Research Center 