  ( CNN ) WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is boasting about how WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange group ’s release of hacked Democratic National Committee emails is affecting the US presidential election     and says the US presidential election     has unreleased information about Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . " We have more material related to Hillary Clinton’s campaign " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on " Anderson 360 " Friday night . " That is correct to say that . " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been coy about how WikiLeaks came into possession of internal Democratic party cyber information . The FBI and Justice Department are investigating a computer hack of Democratic nominee Clinton ’s presidential campaign in addition to its examination of intrusions a computer hack of Democratic nominee Clinton’s presidential campaign other Democratic Party organizations , two law enforcement officials told CNN . The revelation comes just days after the leak of thousands of Democratic National Committee emails     US officials allege Russian hackers     prompted major turmoil within the party , causing the abrupt resignation of its chairwoman , Rep. the party Wasserman Schultz . Assange said release of the information was timed to coincide with the start of the Democratic National Convention .   " That ’s when we knew there would be maximum interest by readers , but also , we have a responsibility we , " Assange said . " Assange we published after , we can just imagine how outraged the Democratic voting population would have been . It had to had to have been before ( the convention ) . the Democratic National Convention Cooper asked Assange if the hack Assange connected to his " personal animus " Cooper Clinton . " There is a question whether you have a personal animus toward Hillary Clinton . You criticized Clinton a number of issues Clinton You gave an interview to the British network back in June , suggesting you are more concerned about Clinton at least in terms of Clinton freedom than Donald Trump , " Cooper said . " Do you stand by that ? Is this based on a personal animus ? " But Assange pushed back on the idea Clinton he wanted to " harm " Clinton . " You can go Clinton and look at that interview . I never said an interview to the British network to do harm to Hillary Clinton , anything like that Clinton he said . " It was the Clinton that used that term . " Assange also said more material is forthcoming Clinton is " extremely interesting . " " We have more material related to the Hillary Clinton campaign . That is correct Clinton that , " he said . " Those are extremely interesting Clinton We will see what will come of them . We Assange spoke from the Ecuadorian embassy Those London Clinton where he faces extradition over sexual assault allegations . Clinton 