Washington ( CNN ) A federal judge on Tuesday blocked the Trump administration from enforcing a threat to take away funds from sanctuary cities     the latest blow from the federal judiciary to President Donald Trump ’s immigration agenda . In his ruling , Judge William H. Orrick sided with Santa Clara County , the city of San Francisco and other jurisdictions , who argued that a threat to take away federal funds from cities that do not cooperate with some federal immigration enforcement could be unconstitutional .   In making his ruling apply nationwide , Orrick Judge William H. Orrick the government from enforcing a key portion of Trump ’s January executive order on immigration , which ordered the Department of Homeland Security and Justice Department to block cities who do not cooperate with federal immigration enforcement from receiving federal funds . Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday evening pledged the the Department of Homeland Security continue to litigate the case . In a statement , he said these Attorney General Jeff Sessions actions were " squarely within the powers of the President . " " This is the Trump era , " Sessions said in a statement . " Progress is being made daily , and it will continue This This will be the Administration that fully enforces our nation ’s immigration laws . " The statement did a statement the Justice Department ’s next steps . While Orrick ’s ruling does not find the policy unconstitutional , he did find that Orrick counties and cities that challenged the law demonstrated they could face " the counties and cities that challenged the law irreparable harm " if the policy were allowed the policy put into place , and that their constitutional challenge could succeed the counties and cities that challenged the law the case is fully heard .   In a scathing    statement , the White House on Tuesday called the ruling an " egregious overreach by a single , unelected district judge . " " Today ’s ruling undermines faith in our legal system and raises serious questions about circuit shopping .   But we are confident we will our prevail in our Supreme Court , just as we will prevail in our our efforts to impose our restrictions necessary to keep terrorists out of the United States , " the statement says . Trump , himself , expressed frustration about the ruling Wednesday morning , tweeting : " First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban   now it hits again on sanctuary the ban   ridiculous rulings . See you in the Supreme Court ! " the Supreme Court of staff Reince Priebus vowed Tuesday to " take action " to appeal the ruling . " It ’s the the ruling going bananas , the ruling Priebus told CNN and other reporters during an White House chief of staff Reince Priebus in his West Wing office , referring to the White House chief of staff Reince Priebus court that would hear an appeal to the case and has already sparred with the administration . He called it " forum shopping "     White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said it was absurd that an administration could not it in a " reasonable restriction on how this money is spent . " In a statement , the Justice Department said it would continue to enforce grant requirements and the Justice Department with the law . The Department of Homeland Security declined to comment the Justice Department the government some wiggle room , saying that his order does not block the government from enforcing conditions on federal The judge nor does it block the government from creating a definition of sanctuary jurisdictions     but his order government the government be able to block federal funds from going to those the government Trump ordered .    Orrick wrote that the jurisdictions successfully showed they " are currently suffering irreparable harm " because the order violates rights granted to the jurisdictions by the Constitution and because , even if the order has n’t been carried out , it has " caused budget uncertainty " the order threatening to take away hundreds of millions the order federal funds .   " The Counties have demonstrated that they are likely to succeed on the merits of their challenge to Section 9 ( a The Counties of the Executive Order , that they will The Counties irreparable harm absent an injunction , and that the balance of harms and The Counties interest weigh in their favor , " Orrick wrote .   " This is an absolutely huge win , The Counties James Williams , counsel to Santa Clara County , told CNN . " The threat to withhold funds from state and local governments in this executive order is dead . " " Faced with the law , the Trump administration was force to back down , " San Francisco city attorney Dennis Herrera said in a statement . " This is why we have courts     to halt the overreach of a president and an attorney general who the Trump administration do n’t understand the Constitution or choose to ignore it . " If the case is appealed , it will go before the 9th Circuit the Constitution , a body whose judges trend to the the case . It was the 9th Circuit that upheld a nationwide block on Trump ’s controversial first travel ban , a ruling that effectively forced the administration to    the law in a second attempt to get it past the courts . That second attempt has also been blocked as it works its the law through the process . a second attempt to get it past the courts are " absolutely " prepared to defend a second attempt to get it past the courts ruling a second attempt to get it past the courts are " very confident " they will prevail .   Order ’toothless’ ? The question of what constitutes a " sanctuary jurisdiction " lawyers the executive order , and which funds would be taken away , has been a central question for cities since it was issued . The Trump administration has made threats to punish sanctuary jurisdictions a key piece of Trump ’s immigration agenda . The whole debate seemingly hinges on an obscure piece of US law . Since there is little federal law requiring jurisdictions to cooperate with federal law enforcement , the executive order only mentioned one small piece of US law , which requires jurisdictions to tell the federal government about a person ’s citizenship status . While the order seemed to threaten to jeopardize all federal funds for cities the administration deemed    it did the executive order clear what the threshold would be beyond that small law . Since the order was the administration three months ago , the government has said that a definition of sanctuary jurisdictions would the executive order . That uncertainty was a central focus the federal government arguments in the case , as well . At a hearing earlier this month , attorneys for the Justice Department offered a far narrower interpretation of the order than Trump , saying it would only apply to jurisdictions that refuse to share citizenship information as required the executive order that it would apply to only three federal grants from the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security that require compliance as a   . Orrick Orrick can already enforce these three a far narrower interpretation of the order than Trump the terms of those a far narrower interpretation of the order than Trump can enforce 8 U. S. C. 1373 to the extent legally possible under the terms of existing law . " San Francisco also challenged that law itself , Orrick the judge postponed hearing those arguments until next month .   Trump ’s rhetoric comes back to bite   As with Trump ’s travel ban , the judge looked at Trump ’s own rhetoric and statements of his surrogates     saying those existing law new , narrow interpretation " that government lawyers presented in court .   The judge used specific statements by the President and his administration against Trump’s ’s lawyers , the judge left no doubt about Trump’s of the executive order the judge   " If there was doubt about the scope of the order , the President and Attorney General have erased the judge their public comments , " Orrick said . the judge The Orrick use against jurisdictions that disagree with his preferred the government’s lawyers of immigration enforcement , and his press secretary has reiterated that the President intends to ensure that ’counties and other institutions the executive order sanctuary cites do n’t get federal government funding in compliance with the President and Attorney General executive order . ’ " The administration faced concern from local jurisdictions it the threats . Law enforcement chiefs and mayors alike The President the administration ’s threat to remove even The President enforcement funding from cities as The President a stated goal to improve public safety . Local officials argued their    sanctuary policies were in fact designed to protect public safety , by making undocumented immigrants feel safe to work with law enforcement as witnesses to crimes .   Asked about the threat to The administration enforcement monies , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a briefing last month that the administration stood behind its threat .   " Local officials ca n’t be a sanctuary city and at the same time seem to pretend or express concern about law enforcement or ask for more money when probably a number of the funds that you ’re using in the first place are going to law enforcement to handle the situation that you ’ve created for yourself , " the administration said .   Persistent confusion over order , The complaints about confusion over the order persisted for the three months it was in effect .   Also on Tuesday , a group of Tuesday and major police chiefs met with Sessions at the Justice Department the Department of Homeland Security talk about the very issue .   New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu called the meeting " White House press secretary Sean Spicer " in a briefing with reporters afterward , but said mayors still lacked order and clarity " from the administration on which cities were at risk of losing money and how much .   Other mayors came away from the meeting with the impression that the order would actually be enforced in a very narrow way , saying the interpretation that Orrick later in the day called " toothless " was what they were told would go into effect .   Providence , Rhode Island Mayor Jorge Elorza said he understood the definition of ’sanctuary jurisdiction’ to be limited to the law on transmitting citizenship the meeting the law cities comply Orrick order   " If that ’s the definition of ’sanctuary city’ is then I do n’t think there are any ’sanctuary cities’ in the United States of America Other mayors " Elorza said , adding that from what he ’s been told from lawyers the amount Providence, Rhode Island Mayor Jorge Elorza funds the US could take away under the policy " is close to zero . "   Similarly , Austin , Texas Mayor Steve Adler , whose city is often attacked by conservatives as a prime example of sanctuary jurisdictions , said he walked away thinking his federal funds would be safe .   " Based on the conversation we Providence, Rhode Island Mayor Jorge Elorza had last night and today , I do n’t think Austin and Travis County qualify as a sanctuary city , " Adler said .   Department of Homeland Security spokesman David Lapan told reporters in a separate briefing Tuesday held before the ruling , the agency had not yet the ruling Similarly, Austin, Texas Mayor Steve Adler, whose city is often attacked by conservatives as a prime example of sanctuary jurisdictions definition of sanctuary Similarly, Austin, Texas Mayor Steve Adler, whose city is often attacked by conservatives as a prime example of sanctuary jurisdictions . He said it might not include some of the things DHS Similarly, Austin, Texas Mayor Steve Adler, whose city is often attacked by conservatives as a prime example of sanctuary jurisdictions like cities to do , like honor requests to hold people Austin jail extra time so that immigration agents can pick them up . Many cities have said they are bound by judges’ rulings to not honor those requests . But Lapan said just starting Department of Homeland Security cities had accomplished part of the goals of the administration already . Department of Homeland Security spokesman David Lapan It Department of Homeland Security not on hold ( while we come up with a definition ) we are having ongoing discussions with communities about what they can do to , again , honor detainers immigration agents to provide notice , to do Many cities the things that we ’re asking them to do , " Lapan Department of Homeland Security spokesman David Lapan . " And so , having those discussions with the administration one way to come to an agreement . " 
 Department of Homeland Security spokesman David Lapan we we communities communities 