Washington ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey ’s scathing criticism of Hillary Clinton ’s handling of classified information gave new ammunition to congressional Republicans already critical of the Democratic nominee ’s private email use , and is now prompting an effort to ban FBI Director James Comey from any future top secret briefings . House Speaker Paul Ryan argued that FBI Director James Comey findings justified the move to ban her FBI Director James Comey to classified information , telling reporters on Wednesday , " I think it ’s the least we can do , given how she FBI Director James Comey so reckless in handling classified material and sending classified information on insecure servers . " But Democrats accused Republicans of playing election year politics with the issue . Since the FBI decided against charging Clinton , Democrats declared her Clinton and said the brouhaha over the emails was " over , " in the words of a Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid .   Republicans do n’t agree , and on top of calling Comey to a    hearing on Capitol Hill on Thursday and demanding all the details of his Comey , they Republicans exploring other options . A conservative member of the House Intelligence Committee told CNN he A conservative member of the House Intelligence Committee others on the panel are considering how they he and others on the panel prevent Clinton or others who have been irresponsible with classified material from having access to it . " As a first step , I think anybody who has been deemed to have been excessively careless with national security information should automatically have access to national security information revoked , " Kansas GOP Rep. Mike Pompeo told CNN . He Kansas GOP Rep. Mike Pompeo Republicans on the committee were looking at legislation and argued there " should n’t be any discretion , should be a carte blanche rule . These are important American secrets . This is n’t about politics . This This about keeping America safe . " House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes did n’t go as far as Ryan and Pompeo , telling CNN the panel has some information , but he House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes asking the FBI to turn over all the classified materials so they the FBI review it before deciding next steps . But the California Republican noted that those who have clearances but violate the rules about releasing it are typically denied any further access .   " So if you mishandle information , the first thing that happens to you is you can no longer handle information until there has been an investigation . And if you consider what they did , you look at what her staff did , from what we can see right now     we we n’t have all the information     if you apply that same logic to someone who is working for the Department of Defense or working for the CIA or working for the House Intelligence Committee , they you apply that same logic to someone who is working for the Department of Defense or working for the CIA or working for the House Intelligence Committee gone . They you apply that same logic to someone who is working for the Department of Defense or working for the CIA or working for the House Intelligence Committee done . They you apply that same logic to someone who is working for the Department of Defense or working for the CIA or working for the House Intelligence Committee never hold a clearance again . " A message left with the Clinton campaign was not immediately returned Wednesday afternoon . Typically , both the Democratic and Republican presidential nominees get classified briefings from the intelligence community on the top national security issues of the day . Some Democrats have complained that presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump can not be trusted with secret information . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell seized on the FBI director ’s statement to suggest that Clinton may have lied to the FBI her handling Clinton the emails and said the public has a right to know exactly what she told Clinton . " There is no particular penalty for lying to the public the public the public gets the public it , but there the public a real penalty for lying to the FBI FBI the Kentucky Republican said at a news conference . " The question here is Hillary Clinton and her public explanations compared to Hillary Clinton private representations to the Hillary Clinton . FBI entitled to know all that . The American people would like to have the answer to that . " Sen. John Cornyn , the     Cornyn the full details of the FBI ’s probe FBI FBI she wants to begin to recover her shredded Hillary Clinton , it ’s important to Hillary Clinton the facts out to the American people , " Cornyn she wants to begin to recover her shredded reputation . The American people Republicans’ calls as more political posturing . " The Republicans are in such desperate shape because of Trump they will seize on anything , " Senate Minority Leader Reid told reporters . " It ’s The Republicans . It ’s time to move on . " Rep. Steve Israel ,    York , echoed Reid It " This is just par for the course , " Israel told reporters . " Senate Minority Leader Reid tried it on Benghazi , they are trying it on this . This is what the Israel do the course The only jobs Israel create are the course for people who this out subpoenas and their investigations of Democrats . " the Republicans The only jobs they create 