Ann Coulter , in a major interview with Vanity Fair about Ann Coulter book In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! suggests that Ann Coulter might have been at the Bataclan theater during the massive terrorist attack last November   —    if Trump had not run for president . [ From Vanity Fair :   Did you support any other candidates in the field ? I hated them all . All of them ? them all hated them all them all in fact , I think Trump saved Trump life , because looking at that field of candidates , I mean , I was hoping that Mitt Romney was going to get in . He was the Mitt Romney on immigration and , you know , a respectable person . He was good Mitt Romney China and their currency manipulation these guys and he was the Mitt Romney that we have ever had until Trump . Trump without him in the Mitt Romney , I just thought , " I ca n’t do this . I ca n’t defend any of these guys . I am not going to go on TV and pretend that any of them are going these guys be better than any Democrat . " And you know , I have always wanted to learn French , so I figured that I would just go to France for 2016 and skip the election year , hang out , learn French . And French happen to love Eagles of Death Metal , so I totally would have been at that concert , except Trump ran so I could n’t leave . Romney has come out against Trump . How Trump that fit for you ? Well , the strange thing is that they are not different on policy . As I point out in my book , the American people are voting on the issues , while these alleged intellectuals and our party leaders say they are voting these alleged intellectuals and our party leaders substance . " No , we think that he is tacky . We ca n’t we him . " he you know , Mr. Romney , he what you said about China . You are the one with the   . You are the one who wanted to protect American jobs . I mean , I hate to say it because I do n’t like psychological explanations , but it ’s just so it when their issues are so similar . . . . I think that there is a little jealousy . Read the rest of the interview here . 
 