’   ’ ’    In the fall of 2014 , portfolio manager Dylan Grice did not know    Donald Trump would run for president of the United States . ’ ’    But it seems Donald Trump did know that Donald Trump would win . ’ ’    It was a different time . Two years ago the world seemed to    finally be emerging from the slow economic growth it had    experienced    the end of the financial crisis . The stock    market was riding high , deals were getting done at record rates ,    and    had no problem selling their bonds companies matter what    their    companies It seemed as if we , the world , would soon get rich    again . ’ ’    But in a note called " Vampires , credit and cycles of trust , "    Grice rejected that notion . ’ ’    " One trend we’’re particularly concerned by is the increasing    prominence and relevance of ’’ tribal ’’    long invisible    to the rest of the world , " he wrote    ’ ’    Something dark and divisive was taking over the world the world the    market carried on as if everything were fine , confrontations of    all kinds were on the rise . The cooperation between nations ,    between governments and their people ,    between people and    corporations , was falling away . Grice could see it , and he knew    Grice eventually it would consume    market in deep denial . ’ ’    " What we do think we know is we financial markets are playing    with a very cooperative    while the key players and    factions in the outside world are not , " he said . Grice     are on the ascendency and the investment climate will soon    reflect this . " ’ "    Why is this ? It ’s simple this Markets do not function without trust    and cooperation . But as Grice laid out in this paper , human    history moves in cycles of trust   —    in peaks and troughs of    cooperation . " ’    We the world in 2016 are descending into the trough of a trust    cycle that peaked with the end of the Cold War and the    cooperation that followed until September 11 , 2001 . In this    downward spiral there can be only pain and conflict until we    learn to trust one another again . ’ ’    And that takes a great deal of time and , during that time ,    suffering . ’ ’   ’ "    I need not expound on the tribal nature of Trump ’s presidential    campaign . It was about keeping people out of America , not    bringing people in . It was about returning to a past the country    lost , not opening our minds to the future we should , our    inevitably must , face . " "    In no other part of Trump ’s policies is this more evident than in    his toxic       global trade . It is as vicious as it is    unfair . " "    Never mind that global trade has been on the decline for the past    five years , and never mind that Americans have lost thousands of    jobs to automation rather than globalization . Trump ’s rhetoric    about China , about Mexico , about NAFTA , about the      Partnership , is not about facts . It ’s about feelings . " "    It ’s certainly It about cooperation or peace . It is about It    aggressive     in which the US has already been offended . " "    In Trump ’s mind Trump’s , the citizens of the richest , most powerful    country , are victims . And we victims , we believes , are entitled    to take back what is ours . This we of victimization and    entitlement is one of the most dangerous combinations in human    nature . " ’   ’ ’    So again , we can turn to Grice’ ’s paper . " Credit , " as Grice points    out , comes from the Latin word for trust . Like credit , trust    takes a long time to build but just moments to destroy . It is a    cycle   —    when trust reigns there are always those who see a way to    take advantage . Slowly , then , as others observe the success    noncooperators are enjoying , trust breaks down into utter chaos . ’ ’    Over the past century we have completed roughly two cycles in    which credit    and trust ) has boomed and then gone bust , resulting    in massive    defaults . ’ ’    Those two periods were the 1920s into the Great Depression and    the 1970s into the 1980s , when many emerging markets defaulted    after commodity prices collapsed . ’ ’    As for the Great Depression the Great Depression with an uncooperative      that the US   —    its back angrily turned against the US   world    after World War I and struggling with economic inequity   —    enacted    the    Tariff Act in 1930 , . ’ ’    It was supposed to help farmers who were struggling in a    modernizing world . What it did was tip the It into the Great a   modernizing world . ’ ’    " As a result , US trade halved within years , and global trade    weakened even more , even if it continued at low levels within    regional trading blocs such as the Commonwealth and the remnants    of the Gold Bloc , " Deutsche Bank strategists wrote in a recent    note to clients . ’ ’    " The rise in protectionism served as an important catalyst to the    global recession . " ’ ’    That recession was the crystallization of the   global recession , and that    trust was previously rebuilt only after the world was remade    through the violence of World War II . ’ "    It is fair to say that the world staved off chaos with the the world of the latest financial crisis through careful cooperation . But    cycles find ways of asserting themselves    With Trump ’s election ,    asserting themselves Americans’ demonstrated failure to trust one another and the    world , we have joined the darkness Grice was talking about . " ’    " Moreover , Trump’ ’s election victory comes at a time when support    for free trade policies and multilateralism is flagging    elsewhere , " analysts at Oxford Economics    in a recent note .    " Protectionist parties are poised to do    next year in    elections in European countries such as France    the    Netherlands . And the UK referendum result means that one of the    EU’ ’s strongest advocates for free trade no longer has any    influence over EU trade policy . ’ ’    " The upshot is that there is now a significant risk that the    world enters a period of rising trade barriers and       trade wars . Along with an aging population and fading benefits    from technological change , this will help to keep global growth    well below its    pace for a long time yet global growth    " ’ ’   ’ ’    Slow growth , if Grice is correct , is the rosiest scenario here .    In his paper he discussed the close relationship between Grice , Grice inflation , and ultimately default . Sovereign and corporate debt    have climbed in a time of low interest rates , but those interest    rates are rising . ’ ’    " This long upswing in debt ratios suggests inflation risk to be a    real inflation risk to be a real threat , " he wrote . " This would    indeed Grice more consistent with the internal dynamics of trust and    cooperation . " ’ "    And    is coming . Trump ’s antiglobalization policies will    bring it on , as Deutche Bank    pointed Trump’s antiglobalization policies in a recent    note : " ’    These are all ideas that Trump has discussed Trump’s one way or    another as beneficial to the US , the US are not . They are    detrimental to These entire world . These ’    And , it is with great regret that I inform you that it is a world    we all live in . ’ 
 