In a post that had to be updated numerous times due to inaccuracies , Recode ’s Noah Kulwin writes :   [ See numerous updates below since this post was first published . ] Milo Yiannopoulos is a British writer who works for the    online tabloid Breitbart . Milo Yiannopoulos is one of the most visible supporters of the Gamergate movement , with a large and loyal online audience . On Twitter , Milo Yiannopoulos handle is @Nero and , as of this publication , Milo Yiannopoulos has almost 140 , 000 followers . And until Friday evening , Milo Yiannopoulos Twitter account was verified . That night , the social network revoked Milo Yiannopoulos blue check , because of   —    according to an email the social network sent Yiannopoulos that Milo Yiannopoulos posted on Twitter   —    " recent violations of the Twitter rules . " the social network ’s not clear what post caused the action and Twitter   is n’t talking . BuzzFeed ’s Alex Kantrowitz pointed toward a tweet from a Twitter executive ( who says BuzzFeed’s Alex Kantrowitz was n’t speaking for the company ) which suggests that the removal was prompted by Yiannopoulos telling someone , " You deserve to be harassed , you social justice loser . " ( Update : Yiannopoulos reached out to clarify that this remark was a joke between friends . Twitter   is n’t offering any information on why Twitter   removed the blue check , so we do n’t know which was the offending tweet that prompted the company ’s actions . ) If that was what set Twitter   off , this remark could possibly constitute a violation of Twitter   rules for using the service ( " You may not incite or engage in the targeted abuse or harassment of others " ) . In any case , the removal of verification is most definitely a public    of Yiannopoulos by the company the company’s it begs the larger question : If it was that bad , why did n’t Twitter Twitter   delete his account ? it was that bad Update : Though , as he wrote us it was that bad this posted , Yiannopoulos’ " You deserve to be harassed " tweet might have been intended as a joke , there are still many incidences of him veering closely it was that bad violations of Twitter ’s code of conduct , which might have prompted his verification removal it was that bad To be fair , many do that too and why it singled him out is it was that bad something Twitter will not comment on . ) In the last few days , for example , he has tweeted it was that bad a " Muslim rape epidemic " in Europe ( " You may not promote violence against or directly attack or threaten other people on the basis of    …      religious affiliation " ) . ( Update : Yiannopoulos later sent    an email saying that was also a joke and that    was "    misrepresenting it to suggest bigotry . " We assert that we were not We so and just pointing out the tweet itself since it could have the tweet itself Twitter ’s reason for verification removal . ) He has also been accused " dogpiling " people on the Internet , which is publicly arguing with or calling attention to his critics and He baiting his followers into He their Twitter mentions his followers noxious hate . ( Update : Yiannopoulos said in a later email that this is one critic ’s opinion about dogpiling and that    should have sought comment from him on baiting He followers , his followers were accusing him his followers a He , which we assert we did his followers . his followers Even if Yiannopoulos avoids direct calls Yiannopoulos violence , he often flaunts He Donald    disregard for the consequences of his speech . He Update : Yiannopoulous said in a later email that    was accusing him of a He , which we assert we did not . we did remove " we " from above , as it was a personal opinion . ) Responding to a request for comment , a spokesperson from Twitter said , " We do n’t comment we individual accounts , for privacy and security reasons , " but confirmed that the email Yiannopoulos tweeted was authentic . The spokesperson declined to a spokesperson from Twitter other tweets by Yiannopoulos , what specifically prompted Yiannopoulos away the verification or whether taking away a verified badge instead of opting to suspend an account constituted a double standard in its    enforcement . Yiannopoulos told    in an Yiannopoulos that    was first verified in Yiannopoulos 2015 , and that Twitter has n’t told him why they yanked his Yiannopoulos check Twitter He Yiannopoulos a lengthier statement Yiannopoulos you can read in full below , but here ’s the key part : " If Twitter has decided to make Twitter political editorial decisions , that ’s their prerogative . But they Twitter be honest with Twitter public about it . Otherwise they risk damaging their key Twitter reputations with Twitter unverifications’ and suspensions that give the false impression of harassment , abuse or some other kind of bad behaviour , of which of course I am not guilty . " On Twitter , a number of Yiannopoulos ’s supporters reacted by tweeting out the hashtag # JeSuisMilo , and changing their avatars and usernames to a number of Yiannopoulos’s supporters his own , in solidarity .    also reached out to Marc Andreessen and Jason Calacanis , prominent Silicon Valley venture capitalists who were bantering with and about Yiannopoulos about losing his verification Yiannopoulos after it happened , which some thought showed support for him . Andreessen declined to his for Marc Andreessen story , but Calacanis clarified his position , writing via Marc Andreessen message that , " I do n’t condone anyone ’s actions unless you see me say , ‘ I condone this person ’s actions.’ That ’s a silly jump to make . " Noting that " Twitter is going to implode , how does one police this madness ? , " Calcanis observed that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " has said 100 things more offensive , [ but ] have they banned him yet ? Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump "has said 100 things more offensive He Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump "has said 100 things more offensive : " My Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump "has said 100 things more offensive point in all of this , is that Twitter policing speech is going to be a disaster ( unless they move to real names Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump "has said 100 things more offensive Facebook ) . It ’s an anonymous forum Twitter policing speech and no anonymous forum has every been able to police speech successfully . " It ’s simply not possible Twitter policing speech make Twitter a ‘ safe space,’ Twitter least as currently designed . " Calacanis plans to turn all sides off . " The social justice carriers want me to be their enemy , and the The social justice carriers wants me to be their ally   —    The social justice carriers think they ’re both nuts , The social justice carriers he said . " I Calacanis muting all these people , they ’re insane . " all these people might be hard , since it ’s not clear that Twitter ’s content guidelines and    enforcement mechanisms are adequate , even if you can mute or block users . Casey Newton , Silicon Valley editor of   ’s sister site , The Verge , pointed out that when Twitter " updated " its Twitter rules a couple the company ago , they did n’t really add couple , and instead just " rearranged paragraphs . " Others have long asked why the company has n’t suspended more harassing or abusive users ( like they did with notorious troll Others Chuck C. Johnson ) or why it has n’t added a the company of specific    tools . Due to the sheer number of inaccuracies in the initial story , Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos had some stern words for Recode : Want to know how freely the media lies about people ? Look at what I had to make @recode do . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) January 10 , 2016 ,   Here are the corrections I had to send @recode . No requests for @recode before printing lies . So unprofessional . pic . twitter .    —    Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) January 10 , 2016 ,   Follow Allum Bokhari @LibertarianBlue on Twitter , and download Milo Alert ! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles . 
 