’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s latest financial disclosure showed that    the general election campaign and early months of    presidency    have been pretty good for    prominent businesses . " "    latest financial disclosure showed that many of Trump ’s    marquee properties , golf clubs , and resorts saw significant    income growth from the disclosures he     which came early in his presidential bid he and 2016 ,   financial disclosure form as the primary campaign had    come to a near conclusion . " " Trump    reported Trump $ 37 million in income from his     club    Trump , the resort most visited by Trump on his weekends . Trump That Trump an increase    nearly $ 8 million from the 2016 filing and    roughly $ 22 million from the 2015 edition . The club doubled its    his    club   in Florida after Trump his    club   in Florida electoral victory in Trump ,    increasing the cost to    200 , 000 . " "    Trump ’s Bedminster , New Trump golf club   —    another Trump property    where the president has spent a number of weekends as president   —      was listed as receiving roughly $ 20 million in income in the    latest filing , on par with its total from the 2016 report the   latest filing up    more than $ 3 . 5 million from the 2015 filing , which was    composed of figures from before Trump ’s presidential bid . " "    Like Bedminster , many of Trump ’s golf clubs showed modest Trump’s during the    between his first and most recent filings . " ’’ "    For instance , his Jupiter , Florida golf club had his increase in    revenue from $ 12 . 4 million in 2015 to $ 20 . 1 million in Trump ’s    most recent filing . His Doral    Florida golf club   his    arguably Florida    most prominent of Trump ’s golf holdings   —    Trump income increase    from $ 49 . His Doral, Florida golf club  —   arguably the   most prominent of Trump’s golf holdings  —    million in 2015 to $ 115 . 8 million in the Friday    filing , although that was actually a decrease of more than $ 16    million from its income earnings in the previous filing .    "    The the Friday   filing the president ’s    management    company , nearly tripled its income from a year prior . The 2017    management   company showed that the management company earned more than $ 18    million management   company compared to roughly $ 6 . 5 million from one year    ago . His   roughly $ 20 million in income since opening last    September . " "    Trump has also seen a   in    income from book royalties since he began campaigning in     . While his initial report showed royalties Trump , at    a maximum , Trump $ 165 , 000 , that maximum total increased    to more than $ 6 . 16 million in last year ’s filing    more than    $ 7 . 06 million in Friday ’s edition . " ’    " President Trump welcomed the opportunity to voluntarily file his    personal financial disclosure form ; while this filing is    voluntary ( President Trump report was due until May 2018 16 million in last year’s filing and more than   $7. 06 million in Friday’s edition has       certified by the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to its    normal this filing is   voluntary (as no report was due until May 2018)    " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said    in a this filing is   voluntary (as no report was due until May 2018) statement . ’ "    The president has stepped back from the    Organization ,    turning over control to his adult sons Donald Trump Jr. and Eric    Trump , in addition to a top The president Organization executive .    However , the president did not place the assets into a the Trump Organization trust or divest from his The president , a move that many    ethics experts had deemed necessary for the president The president avoid    conflicts of interests .     Trump has gone as far as having The president and Eric give updates    on the company ’s finances . " " President Donald Trump ’s latest financial . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Trump 