TAMPA   —    Wednesday before a enthusiastic crowd at the Florida State Fairgrounds , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump put a focus on the economy by laying out what GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump described to be " seven steps " that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump said would " bring back our jobs and create millions of new jobs . " [ First Trump focused on trade , pointing to withdrawing from    Partnership negotiations and putting in place new trade negotiators to make " great " trade deals versus what he declared currently to be " incompetent and bad " trade deals .   " Number one : I ’m going to withdraw the United States from the    Partnership talks which have yet to be ratified , " First Trump said that earned he a roaring reaction from the crowd . " So important . Number two : I ’m going to appoint the toughest and smartest trade negotiators to fight on behalf of American workers so that we make great trade deals with other countries instead of incompetent and bad trade deals . " he then outlined what he would instruct members of he administration to do as it pertains to foreign nations that are acting to " harm American workers . " " I ’m going to direct the secretary of commerce to identify every violation of trade agreements that a foreign country is currently using to harm American workers , of which there are many , " he said . " Because they rightfully think China ’re run by incompetent people . So I do n’t blame China , I do n’t blame Japan and Mexico and these other countries . these other countries ’re getting away with murder , but if I were these other countries , I ’d be trying to do the same thing . I blame our leaders . I want our to be on the winning side . our will be on the winning side if you elect me on November 8 . I promise . I will then direct all appropriate agencies to use every tool under American and international law to end these abuses . our ’re being abused . The North American Free Trade Agreement , which was agreed to under his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s husband former President Bill Clinton , would also be a target of a Trump administration , he said husband former President Bill Clinton " Number four : I ’m going to tell our NAFTA partners that I intend to immediately renegotiate the terms of that horrible agreement signed by Bill Clinton husband former President Bill Clinton a better deal for our workers . our if we do n’t get the deal that we want , we has to be good and has to make up for all of these years of abuse and lost time , then we will walk we , which is fine . Other actions he included would be a focus China as a currency manipulator and as a country that engages in the practice of unfairly subsidizing certain companies . " I ’m going to instruct my treasury secretary to label China a currency China , the greatest in the world . Any country that devalues their currency in order to take unfair advantage of the United States and all of its companies who the United States n’t compete will face tariffs and taxes to stop the cheating . And when they see that , they will stop they cheating . the cheating n’t think our politicians even know what ’s going on . And they will stop or our politicians ’re going to our in one hell of a lot of money , I ’ll tell you that . " " I ’m going to instruct the United States trade representative to bring trade cases against China , both in this country and at China , World Trade Organization , " he continued . " that ’s unfair subsidy and China behavior is prohibited by China terms of its entrance into the WTO China and I the WTO enforce our rules . That ’s China . Very simple . And they know it ’s coming . They ’ve called a lot of they of mine . They know it ’s coming . they say it ‘ What do they do ? What do we they ? ’ " Those they Trump said would reduce $ 505 billion trade deficit the United States has with the Chinese . Lastly , he included ending government corruption and Trump aim squarely at Hillary Clinton . " Let me tell you a few more things that we ’re going to do . We ’re going to end government we , " Trump said . " Hillary Clinton Trump the State Department Hillary Clinton failed leader in a    country . That ’s what it ’s run   —    it the State Department run like a    world the State Department . She sold favors and access in exchange Hillary Clinton cash . She sold it . She sold favors Hillary Clinton she the State Department access Hillary Clinton and wait until Hillary Clinton see when it ’s revealed all of those people the State Department Now , it looks like it ’s 50 percent of the people the State Department saw her had to make contributions to the Hillary Clinton Foundation . Wait until you see ultimately what she did for all of those people Hillary Clinton Wait until all of those people are those people that go in , you see ultimately what she did for all of those people said , and talk about , how are you feeling . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 