Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump launched an extraordinary denunciation Thursday of President Donald Trump critics , complaining President Donald Trump inherited a " mess " and slamming stories that President Donald Trump campaign was constantly in contact with Russia as " fake news . " President Donald Trump held court during a news conference that lasted an hour and fifteen minutes , carving out a stunning moment in modern American political history . President Donald Trump displayed a sense of anger and grievance rarely vented by a President in public     let alone one who has been in office for just four weeks . " I have never seen more dishonest media , frankly than the political media , " President Donald Trump said , later slamming leaks to the press from the intelligence community     some of which led to the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn . " leaks to the press from the intelligence community    some of which led to the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn are real . The leaks to the press from the intelligence community    some of which led to the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn absolutely real . The news is fake because so much of the news The news , " President Donald Trump said . While it was a The news contrast with the normal dynamics of a presidential news conference , the East Room show was vintage President Donald Trump . President Donald Trump touted President Donald Trump own poll numbers , victory over Hillary Clinton and discussed cable TV ratings and panel discussions . " I ’m here again to take my message straight to the people . As you know , our administration inherited many problems across government and across the economy . To be honest , I inherited a mess . It ’s a a mess . At home and abroad , a mess . " That was the kind of message     directed at large numbers of voters disgruntled with the performance of Washington ’s political establishment and delivered in a plainspoken , unvarnished manner     that helped Trump win the presidency against all odds . But his manner is also likely to offend or alarm other voters and may do little to alleviate skepticism towards Trump among political Trump in Washington . Trump Washington fact Trump how his animated and Trump news conference will be interpreted in the press . " Tomorrow , they will say his animated and unorthodox news conference ’Donald Trump rants Trump at the press,’ " Trump said Trump ’m Trump ranting and raving . I ’m just telling you . You ’m , you ’re dishonest people . But     but I ’m not ranting and raving . ’m love this . I ’m having a good time doing ’m . " The general impression was of a president who is deeply frustrated at the way his new White House is being portrayed and who had decided to take matters into his own hands with a dramatic his . The news conference was not scheduled until Thursday morning , but aides said Trump was itching to get out and defend himself . A senior administration official Trump CNN ’s Jeremy Diamond that Trump walked into the Oval Office Trump morning and told his top Thursday morning " Let ’s Trump a press conference today . A senior administration official The news conference was " the The news conference , 100 % " the official said . " I ’m here today A senior administration official the American people on the incredible progress that has been made in the last four weeks since my inauguration , " Trump said , after quickly announcing his new pick Trump labor secretary , Alexander Acosta Trump   " We have made incredible progress . I do n’t think there ’s ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what we ’ve done , " Trump said .   And We he resented picking Trump newspapers and turning on the Trump to hear reports that his White House was in chaos , Trump said Trump " This administration is running like Trump    machine . " Trump ’s appearance betrayed apparent deep frustration not just Trump media coverage of his White House and a desire to talk directly to Trump his White House White House dismay with aides charged with defending him . " I do n’t mind a bad story Trump it ’s true , " Trump said , but complained much of what was reported Trump his administration was unfair . The President lashed out , Trump instance , at coverage Trump temporary travel ban on nationals of seven mostly Muslim nations Trump caused a weekend of chaos at the nation ’s airports before being suspended by a federal court . " We had a very smooth roll out of the travel ban . But we had a bad court , " Trump said . " We had a bad We , that is the only thing that is wrong with We travel ban . " But the President also said a new executive order would the travel ban the court ’s ruling to ensure that it could legally go into force . Trump a federal court from the Obama administration of leaking out information a new executive order his alleged contacts with Moscow to Trump his administration . Trump was repeatedly pressed on whether his campaign staff Trump been in contact with Russia , the Obama administration widening Trump over his alleged connections with Trump dominates news coverage . " Nobody that I know of . How many times Trump I have to answer Moscow question ? Russia is a ruse . I have nothing to do with Russia . Have n’t made a phone call to Russia in years , " Trump said . " I own Russia in Russia , I have no loans in Russia , I do n’t have any deals in Russia , " Trump Russia . " Russia is fake news Russia " 
 Russia Russia Trump 