Charlie Warzel and Lam Thuy Vo report in Buzzfeed on a study Charlie Warzel and Lam Thuy Vo conducted to determine    Donald Trump ’s favorite news sites by analyzing the articles he tweeted . Charlie Warzel and Lam Thuy Vo discovered that Breitbart News is by far Breitbart News favorite news source , as can be seen in the above graph Buzzfeed created showing all of the websites Donald Trump has tweeted as spheres with their size corresponding to the frequency of he tweets . [ From Buzzfeed :   BuzzFeed News reviewed 26 , 234 of Donald Trump ’s 34 , 062 tweets , which we received through the Twitter API and developer Brendan Brown , who has archived Donald Trump ’s tweets beyond what is accessible via the API ( a stream of data that includes information like tweet text , time , and date ) . We filtered that data down to the 2 , 687 hyperlinks tweeted by Trump’s personal Twitter account since Donald Trump announced Donald Trump candidacy in June 2015 . By programmatically expanding the shortened links in Donald Trump tweets we We able to group and count them his tweets generate a rudimentary portrait of the news and opinion Donald Trump publicizes and , presumably , consumes .    …      During campaign season Donald Trump shared more Breitbart links to Donald Trump more than 15 million followers than any other news organization ( in August Breitbart Breitbart Steve Bannon joined Donald Trump campaign as CEO and will enter the West Wing in January as Trump Donald Trump White House adviser ) . While Trump also Donald Trump links from mainstream sites   —    his second Donald Trump shared site during the time period analyzed was the Washington Post   —    Trump ’s Donald Trump seems to be      sites and opinion blogs including Daily Caller ( 21 links ) Newsmax ( 18 ) the Gateway Pundit ( 14 links ) the Conservative Treehouse ( 11 ) the Political Insider ( 1 ) Conservative Tribune ( 1 ) Infowars ( 1 ) newsninja2012 . com ( 5 ) and westernjournalism . com ( 1 )   …      Read the rest here . 
 