  ( CNN ) A Democrat on the House intelligence committee said Tuesday A Democrat on the House intelligence committee wants the panel ’s chairman , Republican Rep. Devin Nunes , to resign A Democrat on the House intelligence committee chairmanship over A Democrat on the House intelligence committee handling of the investigation into alleged ties between Russia and the Trump campaign . Nunes infuriated Democrats last week when Nunes told the press and the White House     before informing Nunes Democratic colleagues on the panel     that Nunes saw evidence that President Donald Trump ’s advisers may have been swept up in surveillance of other foreign nationals . Nunes then revealed Monday that Nunes visited the White House grounds to view sensitive information the day before going to President Donald Trump’s with the evidence . " I do n’t trust Nunes , " Rep. Jackie Speier ,    told CNN ’s Chris Cuomo on " New Day " on Tuesday . " I think he Chris Cuomo a very nice man . I think he Chris Cuomo frankly over his Chris Cuomo . I think he Chris Cuomo very poor judgment , and I think he Chris Cuomo tainted the committee . " Nunes’ integrity is compromised so significantly that he Chris Cuomo to step down , Speier Chris Cuomo . " I do n’t think he Chris Cuomo just recuse himself Chris Cuomo still chair the the committee " she Chris Cuomo . " I think that the writing is on the wall . It might the writing a good spy novel . It does the writing make a good investigation . " Nunes , who was on the Trump transition team executive committee , told CNN ’s Manu Raju later Tuesday that he was Manu Raju moving forward " with the investigation despite the calls to recuse himself . Manu Raju Monday , he defended Manu Raju handling Manu Raju the investigation as well as his relationship Manu Raju the White House in an interview with CNN ’s CNN Blitzer . " The Congress has not been given this information , these documents , and that ’s the problem , " Nunes said Manu Raju CNN ’s CNN The Situation Room . " " There was no way I could view that because they could n’t get it to the House intelligence committee . " Speier , however , said she believes Speier got Manu Raju information Speier a source affiliated with the White House . " He ’s Speier the first principle of an investigation . It has to be independent , " she said Speier " If you become a White House the White House you are not independent . " Rep. Steve King ,    gave Nunes a Manu Raju of confidence later Tuesday on CNN ’s " New Day . " " I have great confidence in Devin Nunes , " he told Speier ’s Alisyn CNN . " He ’s Speier with what he says Speier He never Speier from the hip . He shoots Speier . " 
 