The Citadel is reviewing a request from a female Muslim student who has been admitted to the military college that a female Muslim student who has been admitted to the military college receive an exception to uniform regulations and be permitted to wear a hijab . [ Such an exception would be the first for the school   —    which was founded in 1842   —    and the controversy surrounding such an exemption is palpable , reports the Washington Post .   Cadet Nick Pinelli , who will be graduating in May , posted the following to Facebook Wednesday : Currently , the Citadel is exhausting resources and    to accommodate a woman who will be attending this school next semester . a woman who will be attending this school next semester will be the first cadet authorized to wear a ḥijāb , as well as full body covering when the uniform does not conceal the entirety of a woman who will be attending this school next semester body . Time and money is now being spent figuring out how the Citadel can alter rules and regulations to accommodate her a woman who will be attending this school next semester . The this school even exhausting resources to research which company to place her a woman who will be attending this school next semester , so they ensure which company a woman who will be attending this school next semester in the most accepting company in the Corps . No final decisions have been made , but time and effort are being consumed , nonetheless . As you can imagine , the reasonable person sees issue after issue here . The Citadel is putting up zero fight . And you ca n’t blame them . The Administration knows that , in the end , it ’s The Administration or both a battle they ca n’t win    ca n’t afford . No matter how reasonable their argument they . So , to be clear , I do n’t blame the Citadel The Citadel . The United States has always protected First Amendment rights by prohibiting any government entity from restricting any expression of speech on the basis of the content of the speech . speech burn an American flag because prohibiting one from doing so is taking issue with the CONTENT of what one is saying by burning said flag . That is powerful and ever necessary in a free society . However , burning a draft card is a crime . It is a crime because of the compelling government interest in the execution and functionality of a    system . Burning a draft card disrupts that system . Therefore a   system government does n’t criminalize that act because of the speech it conveys , but because that act the way it harms the execution of that act government activity . Of course , we knew the draft card burner was burning it to give a big the draft card burner yours to America , just like the flag burner . Yet , it is important to note the differences between the two acts . As much as we hated that speech , our Constitution will never allow our government to restrict our speech if they do our like it our government And that is good . My first point . The Citadel should be able to tell the prospective student to wear what they tell her to wear the prospective student Not the prospective student they are concerned with the the prospective student she is trying to practice the prospective student the speech expressed by doing so , but because they are concerned with the Not because they are of an essential part of the system the Citadel puts in place The Citadel or not with the system , this institution has that system for a reason ( that most maintain has worked exceptionally for almost 200 years ) and the disruption of that system by exempting those who the system wish to conform is legally pronounced a slippery slope that will lead to the further disintegration of said system . Unfortunately , after seeing what has happened in the military in similar cases , the school is being financially responsible in not fighting it . It ’s important to note the school the the school Forces has not yet gone to the Supreme Court for an order of certiorari . They gave up the fight in circuit the Armed Forces . Moving away from a Constitutional argument , my next point is one of reason . There are various groups , organizations , governments , etcetera all have different standards , ways of doing business , values , and systems . I simply find it shameful that people expect to be accommodated by groups that are opposite to themselves . The Citadel is going to people countless hours and dollars making the school " ready " to accommodate this woman . They should n’t have to because they are ready . Those who came They her gave up their identities to attend this woman school . Those who came me , people the school walk of life have given up their identities to attend this school so that people from every walk of life here with the school not only intact , people from every walk of life fortified . Pinelli people from every walk of life out that , in requesting the Citadel change its longstanding regulations for her , the female Muslim student the Citadel undermining what the Pinelli represents : If I valued liberal ideology , the Citadel go to UC Berkeley . I ’d wear , say , and do whatever I wanted and it would n’t cost the university any time or money for me to do so . If I valued conservative ideology and wanted to challenge myself in a military environment , I would go to the Citadel . It ’s no secret that you ca n’t the Citadel you want when you ’re at the Citadel . You ’re punished even for wearing what you want the Citadel ’re not on campus . But , those who come here are signing up for that , no matter how much they hate it ( we do ) . So it ’s not unfair those who come here those people who those who come here to join an organization it the intentions of excluding themselves from the regulations , it ’s unfair to those who practice within those who come here realms of those regulations it It ’s unfair to the school having to change rules the regulations to it individual , when the individual could ’ve gone to USC without incident . Your expression of self the individual place a burden of cost on others . The cadet makes the distinction between the true equality of simple acceptance and special requests for new rules : This girl should be welcomed to the Corps with open arms , as should any person of any religion , race , gender , or identity . That ’s equality . It ’s not equality to let one of those groups follow a different set of That   …      Equality means the same set of rules for everyone . Not different rules for different people . It means accepting everyone , and giving them the same tools to succeed as the rest . The inwardly    arguments of everyone Left disagree with this mindset and I truly believe that if those arguments continue to prevail , this country will no longer be what it once The inwardly   arguments of the Left …      Pinelli , who reportedly is a Donald Trump campaign intern this country concludes his post with , " For Christ ’s sake , Make America Great Again . " the Post Post observes , someone on social media responded to Pinelli that " if the rules were not changed , ‘ [ the female Muslim student ] would either have to break the rules of the Citadel or the rules of her religion . ’ " In general , however , many cadets are expressing strong opposition to ‘[the female Muslim student] change in the regulations . One example cited in the news story : It does n’t bring harm to the school . But it is a blatant disrespect to what One example military school stands for . We come here and One example give up our individuality and become a part of a group that upholds the time honored traditions of this We . So for anyone to come , not even walk through our hallowed gates , the school the school to go to extreme lengths both financially and resourcefully , We accommodate one person , is the school . I ca n’t wear a tshirt around campus that says " I love Jesus " . Why ? It ’s not because of religious intolerance , it ’s because it does not meet uniform requirements that all 2400 of us are held to . Am It offended that It ca n’t wear a religious tshirt ? Nope . Why ? Because I accepted the system that I have become a part of , and I ’m willing to let it change me and join a long line of men and women who I will be honored to call my brothers and sisters . 
 