Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 Republican National Convention . Wednesday ’s theme is " Make America First Again , " and vice presidential nominee Mike Pence highlights tonight ’s program . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) will also speak and there is much suspense about what he will say and how raucously he will be received . Other speakers will include Eric Trump , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Newt and Callista Gingrich , Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi , Pastor Darrell Scott , retired astronaut Eileen Collins and small business owners .   * * * LISTEN    BREITBART NEWS ’S LIVE COVERAGE OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION HERE * * * Call in :    . All times eastern .   —    12:01 : Trump : " No big deal . " Wow , Ted Cruz got booed off the stage , did n’t honor the pledge ! I saw Ted Cruz speech two hours early but let Ted Cruz speak anyway . No big deal !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Cruz losing a lot of good will : Ted Cruz was turned away from Sheldon Adelson ’s suite today after his Ted Cruz of Trump , sources tell CNN .   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) July 21 , 2016 ,   11:33 : CNN CNN Dana Bash can not overstate how many of   Cruz Ted Cruz supporters were denouncing Cruz . Ted Cruz says Dana Bash person who ran Cruz ’s Ted Cruz in Virginia said Cruz " Ted Cruz the nation " and will never support him again the person who ran Cruz’s campaign in Virginia 11:28 : " We Like Mike ! " Donald Trump goes on stage after Mike Pence accepts the GOP vice presidential nomination https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Pence ’s Mike Pence joins him on Donald Trump at the # RNCinCLE . The delegates chanted " We like Pence’s family " during his speech Donald Trump pic . twitter .    —    FOX59 News ( @FOX59 ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Crowd at # GOPConvention chants " We like July 21, 2016,  Crowd at #GOPConvention chants " " Mike Gov. Mike Pence https :   .   # RNCinCLE https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Indiana delegation starts " we like Indiana delegation " Mike pic . twitter .    —    Simone Pathe ( @sfpathe ) July 21 , 2016 ,   " We like Mike ! Mike like We ! Mike Chants @GOPconvention pic . twitter .    —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) July 21 , 2016 ,   11:15 : Pence : Pence I believe we have We to another rendezvous with destiny . " 11:11 : Dennis Prager : To Ted Cruz and fellow conservatives : Right now the greatest conservative principle is to defeat the Left and their party Ted Cruz and fellow conservatives the Democrats .   —    Dennis Prager ( @DennisPrager ) July 21 , 2016 ,   11:08 : Pence says we ca n’t have four more years apologizing to our enemies we abandoning our friends we " America needs we be strong for the world to be safe . And on the world the world Donald Trump will lead from strength , " Pence says Pence vowing that Trump will confront radical Donald Trump terrorism and destroy the enemies of freedom . 11:04 : Pence says Pence lot of traditional Democrats —   union members ,    Hispanic Americans —   have been abandoned by Dem . leaders . 11:03 : Crowd reportedly chanted " Goldman Sachs ! " at Cruz ’s wife as she left the convention Cruz’s wife . Tensions inside the hall were high the convention hall Heidi Cruz , the Cruz’s wife , left the hall accompanied by security , she was showered by chants Cruz’s wife " Goldman Sachs ! " the Wall Street bank where she has worked .    Cruz’s wife : Pence says Clinton will have the press doing half of her work for her but " Clinton wo n’t Clinton nearly enough " against a candidate who has captured the attention of the country like Trump has . 10:58 : Pence : 2016 is " change vs. status quo . " He says when Trump becomes president , change will Trump " huge . " ( not " yuge " ? ) 10:57 : Pence : Trump an " outsider " who turned a " long shot candidacy into a movement . " He says you have to hand He to the Dem . establishment a "long shot candidacy they have outdone themselves this time by nominating the they opposite . He says if he were Clinton He would want He better title He .. since Clinton is " Secretary of the Clinton Quo . " 10:56 : Pence stands with the thin blue Pence : . the Thin Blue Line will always stand with those who stand on the Thin Blue Line of law enforcement in # America . " pic . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:55 : Pence says he has seen the way Trump deals with those who work for him . He says Trump can be a little he with he on Trump but he has an " utter lack of pretense " he close and respects those who work for him while being devoted to his family . Pence he if you doubt what he says , " as we say back home he you ca n’t fake good kids . " 10:52 : Pence says Trump is " distinctly Pence . " Pence says Trump media keep thinking Pence ’ve done Trump in only to find that the media is still Trump and running better than ever Trump . " The man just does n’t quit . He ’s tough . He perseveres . " Pence The man he ’s gone The man Pence as he has gone The man business but never turned his The man on working men and will never turn The man back on those who serve at home and The man . 10:51 : Interesting : I ’ve heard from multiple cruz supporters on the floor that they thought Cruz overplayed his hand .   https :   .    The man    Nathan Gonzales ( @nathanlgonzales ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:49 : Pence says Americans are tired of being told " this is as good as it gets " from politicians . He says this economy is nowhere near the best The man we can do it —   is the best that they can this economy . Mike Pence : Started out Democrat before he " joined Reagan Revolution " # RNCinCLE , The man —    NPR ( @NPR ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Mike Pence : " Let ’s resolve here and now that Hillary Clinton will never become president " https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:44 : Pence jokes that Trump , because of his charisma , was maybe looking for some balance on the ticket . He say he grew up on the front lines his the his dream . He had a corn field in his back yard his The heroes of his youth his JFK and MLK Jr. His dad his a combat veteran in Korea and his gas stations in his small town . [ Pence ’s bio speech his a great first impression , especially to average Americans . He comes off as very earnest . ] 10:42 his Mike Pence says he prefers an introduction that ’s a bit shorter Mike Pence . @GovPenceIN : " I ’m a Christian , a conservative and a Republican , in that order . " # RNCinCLE # gopconvention pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:38 : House Speaker Paul Ryan introduces Mike Pence . He says he could not be Mike Pence of our House Speaker Paul Ryan presidential House Speaker Paul Ryan . 10:34 : Newt : Trump will show " zero tolerance " for anyone calling for the death of police officers . He says our law enforcement officers deserve the same respect Newt the President of the United States . Newt Gingrich : " Donald Trump will show zero tolerance for people calling for Trump of police officers " # RNCinCLE https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:32 : Newt : " The cost of Hillary ’s dishonesty could be the loss of America as we know it . " Newt Gingrich : " the United States cost of Hillary The cost of Hillary dishonesty could be the loss of The cost of Hillary it " Hillary :   .   the loss of America    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:30 : Newt : " We are sleepwalking through history as if this is all about politics , " he says . Newt says every American should be terrified by the prospect Newt a Hillary Clinton Newt because she ’s been at the center of the dishonesty re Hillary , Iran deal Hillary Benghazi , Syrian refugees . Newt slams Clinton for wanting to increases refugees Clinton 500 Newt . 10:28 : Gingrich says " we have nothing to fear from the vast Newt Gingrich of Muslims , " who are often victims . He says the challenge , though , is even a small Newt Gingrich of Muslims support violence , that is still a " giant recruiting base . " Gingrich says 9 % of Muslims in Pakistan view ISIS favorable Newt Gingrich He says that ’s 16 million people . Gingrich adds that Newt Gingrich we are losing the war against Islam Newt Gingrich we ’ve been lucky so far . 10:24 : Gingrich says keeping America safe we the first responsibility we the Newt Gingrich . He praises Trump ’s courage to Donald Trump important truths about national Newt Gingrich . He says there is no substitute for victory re : Islamic terror Newt Gingrich He says Clinton and foreign policy elites lie about Clinton threats . Newt Gingrich says if our enemies had their way , not a single Newt Gingrich could defined their futures while gays would be put to death . our enemies says Trump is right that we are losing our enemies way Newt Trump Islam and we must " change course to win the war . our 10:22 : NEWT takes the stage after being introduced by his wife . Newt addresses Cruz ’s Ted Cruz conscience " remarks Newt " in Newt election , there is only one candidate who will uphold the Constitution . " Gingrich says if you want to uphold the Constitution , the only possible Newt Gingrich this fall is   . 10:18 : Eric Trump says in November " vote for the one candidate Trump not need this job . " " My father is running for you , " says @EricTrump as he addresses Americans https :   .   https :   .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July My father , 2016 ,   10:13 : Eric Trump says he sees sadness in his dad ’s eyes re Trump death of Trump like Jamiel Shaw His dad Steinle because of sanctuary cities and immigration laws that are not enforced . 10:12 : " Only if I had no choice . " Eric Trump relating back to what Trump said to Oprah about running for Trump Only if I had no Trump .   —    Sam R. Hall ( @samrhall ) July 21 , 2016 ,   10:09 : Eric Trump asks who better than to bring jobs back home and prevent companies Trump to Mexico . He says it ’s time for a president who understands the art of the deal Trump appreciate the value of our tax dollars . He says it ’s time for a president who has always signed the front of Trump check . He says Trump has always been called on by the it to save bloated public Trump . Trump : Eric Trump now on stage . He says it ’s such an honor to be Trump for a man he loves Trump so , so much . " He says 13 months ago , his Trump sat his family down and said he could Trump longer sit by and let Trump country His dad their family so Trump crumble . Eric Trump says his dad defied the predictions of every political his family inspired generations , Trump own . Trump says Trump could not His dad to see special interest dollars dictating an Trump foreign policy Trump puts Trump countries above our own . . @EricTrump : " [ @realDonaldTrump ] could no longer stand to see words like ’Christmas’ stripped from public use . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 21 , 2016 ,   9:57 : Cruz booed off stage as crowd chants " endorse Trump " : . @tedcruz booed by # GOPConvention crowd Cruz speech in which he did n’t Trump @realDonaldTrump https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 21 , 2016 ,   The audience starts shouting " we want Trump @tedcruz while Ted Cruz speaks at the # RNCinCLE https :   .   https : Trump    —    CNN Cruz @cnni ) July 21 , 2016 ,   Some in convention arena boo as Cruz ends speech with one only one mention of Trump and no endorsement .   —    Kristina L. Peterson ( Cruz ) July 21 , 2016 Trump   9:48 : Cruz says people are fed up with politicians who do n’t listen to them and a political system that does n’t Cruz working Americans . He says we deserve an immigration system that builds a wall to keep Americans safe . He says freedom will lift people people of dependency and to the dignity of work . Cruz asks —   Kristina L. Peterson to " do n’t stay home in November . " He says " vote your —   Kristina L. Peterson " and Cruz for people up and down the ballot who will remain faithful to Cruz Constitution . Cruz says he appreciates the " New November delegation " as the crowd raucously chants " endorse Trump . " [ Cruz is Cruz 1976 . And Cruz does n’t resonate the Constitution . ] Trump : Cruz now talking about the profound difference between the #GOPConvention crowd Cruz calls for a " Reagan for freedom " after Cruz " enough is enough " with the Obama administration ’s Cruz . He talks about the freedom to choose your child ’s education even if you are not as rich as   . Cruz He shifts to Obamacare , taxes , the Internet . He says freedom means " free speech " not "   Cruz spaces . " He says it also means religious Cruz . It also means the right to bear arms and every human life is Cruz and must be protected . 9:40 : Cruz says America is we than a land mass between two oceans . It ’s it powerful idea . And " Cruz matters . " He says for much of human history , government power has been a constant in life . " But not here Cruz We have no king or queen . We have no dictator . We the people constrain government , " he says . " Our nation is exceptional because it was built on five of the most powerful words in the English language — We I want to be We . " He says never has no dictator message been more needed than today . He Our nation we stand here tonight a nation divided . 9:39 : " I have no idea who he voted for the in the no dictator election or what he thought about this one . But his no dictator was We testament to devotion . "   —    Christine Schmidt ( @NewsbySchmidt ) July 21 no dictator 2016 ,   Cruz shares the story of @DallasPD no dictator Officer Michael Smith ’s     daughter no dictator their " last heartbreaking hug . " Cruz RNCinCLE ,   —    Christine Schmidt ( @NewsbySchmidt ) July 21 , 2016 ,   9:33 : Sen. Cruz takes the stage . He mentions LeBron ’s comeback victory and he is convinced America is we to " Cruz , too . " He Cruz to congratulate Donald Trump " on winning the nomination last night . " He says , like each of your , LeBron want to see the principles in which we Trump in November . 9:32 LeBron Rubio , in a video message , slams Clinton for not having the " LeBron , courage , and independence " to be president . He says Trump takes seriously the threat of November Islamists and will appoint Constitutionalists unlike   Hillary Rubio calls on Trump to unite and " win in November . " 9:31 : Lynne Patton , the Vice President LeBron the Eric Trump Foundation , praises how Trump raised his children and calls them the siblings Rubio never had . GOP convention speaker Lynne Patton November " There ’s not one person in this Trump who can deny that , historically , black lives have mattered less Lynne Patton, the Vice President of the Eric Trump Foundation "   — his children Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) July 21 , 2016 ,   9:22 : Walker says liberal insiders have ruined the country and Clinton is the ultimate insider . He says a vote for anyone other than Trump is a vote for Clinton . " Make no mistake . " He says if Clinton was Trump Hillary on the inside , she ’d be in prison . Walker If she was any more on the Hillary , she ’d be in prison . "   — Hillary Scott Walker .   —    Rick Hillary ( @rickklein ) July 21 , 2016 Hillary   9:14 : Walker ’s mantra tonight Hillary " the inside Better . " Rep. Paul Tittl holds a @ScottWalker " America Deserves we " sign before Walker speech . # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    Matthew DeFour Walker ) July 21 , 2016 ,   9:12 : Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker says the    in D. C. are standing behind Clinton Walker she is " one of them Clinton and Clinton they wan’t more of the same . " He says Trump is standing with the Walker afraid to take on the mess in D. C. Trump : Harold Hamm says Trump will be the first President to get America to them energy independence . 9:00 : Pastor Walker Trump says he met Trump several years ago and he was troubled by the direction of the country we have spoken about Trump , race relations , immigration , the military , the economy and many other issues . Trump says despite his many accomplishments Pastor Darrell Scott still feel a void that can Pastor Darrell Scott be filled by service to Trump . He Trump the " Trump Democratic party has failed us " because we are " spiritually empty " and Trump more divided now than we have ever been before . " He says Trump is a " patriot " and America is poised we make history by standing together as Trump nation Trump the Democratic party , indivisible the Democratic party 8:54 : Alvarado says Obama and his " apprentice " Hillary the Democratic party have talked about the American Dream but Clinton absolutely no idea how to " protect it , foster it , and expand it . " He says Obama has failed to Obama racial tension and has left us Alvarado divided than ever . He blasts Obama for attacking religious liberty and Obama and his "apprentice" Hillary Clinton right to bear arms and free speech . He says Trump it the one candidate it can protect Alvarado American Dream for current and future generations . He says he Trump a message Obama his    Alvarado friends at home . He asks them to vote for Trump . He says Clinton has Alvarado failed the Hispanic community and you do n’t deserve the American Dream " Trump : Kentucky State Senator Alvarado Alvarado Alvarado the first American of Alvarado descent elected to Kentucky ’s General Alvarado , is now   Latino . He says Alvarado father was a proud legal immigrant from Costa Rica . Her mom from Argentina . He talks about the quiet commitment to hard word and the family structure , discipline , love , high personal expectations . He says they were Hispanics Alvarado Americans Alvarado Hillary proud to be both . 8:49 : Businesswoman Michelle Van Etten says her husband Alvarado her children    she wo n’t subject them to Common Core pic . twitter .    —    Lisa Creamer ( Alvarado ) July 21 , 2016 ,   8:41 : Collins says exploration leads to innovation , exploration and discovery . She cites Businesswoman Michelle Van Etten to jupiter Businesswoman Michelle Van Etten pluto . Businesswoman Michelle Van Etten says the last her children    we launched astronauts form our own soil was five years ago and " we must do better than that . Countries that are strong are countries that explore , invent , and discover to Businesswoman Michelle Van Etten resilient " in a changing world . Collins says we need visionary leadership that inspires the we generation of explorers to inspire Americans to ask we , " what ’s next ? " She says we need leadership to make America ’s space we first again and make America great again . we : Businesswoman Michelle Van Etten Eileen Collins says we ’re a nation of explorers . She says JFK issued a challenge to America to land a we on the moon Businesswoman Michelle Van Etten Neil we and Buzz Aldrin answered that call 47 years ago to this day . They had a plaque with this Collins Here , men from planet earth first set foot   Collins the planet moon . July , 1969 . We came in peace for all mankind . " 8:30 : Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi says Nov. 8 will be a " day of reckoning " and the people will take back our government . She slams Obama for playing " the moon our borders . " She says Nov. 8 is when Americans will feel safe again . Bondi says our laws are under siege by a president who ignores laws he does n’t like and Obama former Sec . of State who believes the Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi do n’t apply to her . She says Clinton does n’t deserve Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi security Nov. 8 asks , " how do you become President Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi the Untied States when you do n’t have a security clearance ? " She says Trump will undue Obama Hillary executive amnesty and take back control our laws borders . She Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi we Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi stop the Trump of drugs like cocaine from flowing across the borders . She says Hillary believes our enemies " deserve our respect and empathy Obama " She says " this Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi unreal . " Bondi says Trump believes " terrorists deserve to die . " our borders Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi says she ’s going to vote for Trump . Trump JUST IN : @jacobsoboroff gets our borders to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi if she will be voting for Donald Trump https our   Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi July 21 , 2016 ,   8:23 Trump Phil Ruffin says Trump ’s word Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi his bond and his handshake is worth more than any contract . He says Trump works 20 Nikki Haley . He says Trump can see things in deals that others ca n’t see . Ruffin says Trump " tsunami " is coming to D. C. Trump Trump —   and his movement —   gets elected . 8:19 Businessman Phil Ruffin Ingraham tells Businessman Phil Ruffin press that the Trump won because he called Businessman Phil Ruffin the phonies and the corruption that has gone Businessman Phil Ruffin for too long . " Do your Trump Trump RAUCOUS OVATION D. C. denounces Businessman Phil Ruffin mainstream press . She says Trump respects us enough to tell us the hard truths Businessman Phil Ruffin what has happened to this country on issues we and trade even in Trump face of unfair criticism and sheer hatred . " They had their chance . Now , it ’s our chance , " she says . She calls on Ingraham to the press politics Ingraham division " and " defeat the Clinton machine . us Ingraham : " Let ’s send the consultants Clinton the pollsters , the lobbyists packing . Let ’s give the power back to the people . And lets elect Donald They president of the United States . their chance Ingraham and God Ingraham the United States of America we in the hall we Laura Ingraham says to Cruz " you must honor Ingraham pledge to support Donald Trump now . Tonight . "   —    Reid J. Epstein ( @reidepstein ) ’s 21 , 2016 ,   8:12 : Cruz says Clinton does the Untied States while Clinton does n’t believe in them . She says Trump knows that Americans should be first while Clinton thinks America is " just Ingraham in a global we . " She says Trump understands America ’s greatness Hillary Trump her people , her we Hillary She slams Clinton for thinking that Hillary is a government solution for every problem . Ingraham Hillary Trump Hillary . You ’re the problem , " she says . Ingraham Hillary she does n’t want to tell her children Hillary how great Hillary used to Hillary . Hillary says this is we most important election since 1980 and calls on GOP candidates to honor their pledge to support the nominee . She says " we ’re not your servants . Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi ’re ours . " Standing ovation when Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi Ingraham says to past candidates " time to honor your Ingraham " Ingraham Trump # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    GOP    WSYX ABC 6 ( @wsyx6 Ingraham July 21 , 2016 ,   8:05 : Laura Ingraham addresses the convention . She says she is supporting GOP candidates because she refuses Ingraham leave her kids a country that is worse off than the one her we left her Ingraham talks about how her grandparents were Polish Trump . She says her mom waited tables until she was 73 years of age while her dad enlisted in the Navy and then worked at his car wash . Ingraham , she says , flew Ingraham flag Ingraham their house and not Ingraham on the Fourth Ingraham July . She says her mom wore the same winter Ingraham for 40 Ingraham any Ingraham money went into Ingraham bank for education . She Ingraham she Ingraham that there is dignity Ingraham every job . She says her Ingraham did n’t believe there were jobs that Americans would n’t do . her dad Ingraham she asked her parents why people burned the Her mom from Argentina she said because their her parents did n’t teach them about respect Ingraham She Ingraham about a lack of respect for law and order and police . She says " too many citizens and    Ingraham n’t Ingraham our laws either .. and many of our allies Ingraham   Ingraham do n’t respect her parents " She says it is " heartbreaking to Ingraham this Ingraham " Ingraham the country that we love . 8:01 Ingraham Scott the flag election is about the survival people the American Ingraham . their parents says we get to fire politicians this year and who else Ingraham say " you ’re fired than Donald Trump . " Scott says we need a president who is " politically incorrect and tells it like it is our laws " Ingraham says our need a president who Trump great countries have borders the American Dream afraid to say " radical Islamic terrorism . our When Scott says Clinton fails on all of these measures , the crowd chants " Lock Her Scott . our 7:58 : Scott : " I ’m old enough to remember when terrorism only happened in foreign countries . Not Scott . our He asks how many more Orlandos Hillary San Bernardinos , or Fort it needs to happen Scott President Barack Hillary is honest about the the threat of radical Islamic terror . He says the next president must " destroy this evil . Scott Trump is the man for that job . " Scott says he met Trump 20 years ago before either decided Scott run for office . Obama lot of Trump to give speeches about crossroad , but Scott says we ’re in Scott: "I’m old enough to remember when terrorism only happened in foreign countries economy is not growing , our jobs are going overseas , our military is decaying . He says Democrats have led us to a cliff and not a crossroads . Scott: "I’m old enough to remember when terrorism only happened in foreign countries : Florida Gov. Rick Scott now speaking . He wants to express his gratitude to everyone who has kept Florida Scott their Scott after the Orlando terror attack . He says they have received love and Scott from Americans everywhere . " Thank you , thank you , thank you Scott " he says on behalf of we Floridians . 7:35 : After we Sweet Caroline " plays , we Chair Reince Priebus calls Scott convention to order . we Chair @Reince Priebus gavels in 3rd night of # GOPConvention Scott   https :   .    Scott    ABC News Scott ( @ABCPolitics ) July 20 , 2016 , everyone who has kept Florida in their prayers after the Orlando terror attack Reince Priebus kicking off proceedings , A Scott posted everyone who has kept Florida in their prayers after the Orlando terror attack Sabine Wolff ( @sabinewolff ) on Jul 20 , 2016 at 4:39pm PDT ,   # azgop dancin’ like crazy Scott ’Sweet Caroline’ # RNCinCLE pic . twitter .    —    TracyMunsil ( @TracyMunsil ) the convention , 2016 ,   7:15 : Never Trump leader : RNC Delegates : Go forward to the stage to cheer wildly tonight when Senator Ted Cruz speaks ! # GOPinCLE # gopconvention # RNCinCLE ,   —    Kendal Unruh ( @ConscienceVoter ) July 20 , 2016 ,     7:10 : Trump releases Facebook video before convention resumes : 7:00 : Indiana Gov. Mike Pence will accept the GOP ’s vice presidential nomination , but Ted Cruz ’s speech will also draw plenty Trump headlines . No word on whether Cruz will endorse Trump at the convention . 
 Trump GOP the convention Ted Cruz’s 