Doha   ( CNN ) The Palestinian militant group Hamas unveiled a new policy document Monday that sees the group accepting for the first time the idea of a Palestinian state that would fall within the borders that existed in 1967 , before Israel took control of the West Bank , Gaza and all of Jerusalem . The Palestinian militant group Hamas has long been under pressure to update its The Palestinian militant group Hamas founding charter , which calls for the destruction of the Israel advocates violence Israel achieve its The Palestinian militant group Hamas of restoring a Palestinian state . However , the new document offers no recognition of the legitimacy of the " Zionist enemy , " the term Hamas uses for Israel . Instead , Israel seeks to draw the new document distinction between political and religious struggle : " Hamas affirms that its Hamas is with Hamas Zionist project , not with the Jews because of their religion , " the Jews Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal Hamas who introduced the " political document of principles and general policies " at a press conference in Doha , Qatar , where he lives in exile . He added : " he does not wage Hamas struggle against the Jews because they the Jews but wages the Jews struggle against the Zionists who occupy Palestine . " The new document also drops specific reference to Hamas ’s own religious Hamas in the Muslim Brotherhood . That ’s something likely designed to appeal to a number of Arab states , in particular Egypt . And even though the new document accepts the The new document Palestinian state on 1967 lines , this does not mean it foresees " any alternative to the this and complete liberation of Palestine , from the river to the sea . " And it defends armed resistance , stating , this The resistance to occupation , by all means and methods , is a legitimate right guaranteed by divine laws , customs and international laws . " ’Hamas is attempting to fool the world’ The document drew a swift rebuke from Israel . " Hamas is attempting to fool the world but it will not succeed , " said Hamas Keyes , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . " Daily , Hamas leaders call for genocide of all Hamas and the destruction of Israel . They dig terror tunnels and Israel launched Hamas leaders upon thousands of missiles at Israeli civilians . Schools and mosques run by Hamas teach children that Jews are apes Hamas pigs . This is the real Hamas . " Mohammed Shtayyeh Hamas member Hamas the Fatah Central Committee which runs the Palestinian Authority , and an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , accused Hamas of being decades behind in its thinking . Hamas Hamas is debating things [ Hamas PLO ] did Hamas years ago , " he told CNN . " So what are they Mohammed Shtayyeh, a senior member of the Fatah Central Committee which runs the Palestinian Authority, and an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to come up with ? They are Hamas to come up with a two Hamas solution . "   " Hamas will try to present some sort of credentials Hamas the international community to say ’now we are partners,’ " he said . ’A sign of maturity’ But Mustafa Mohammed Shtayyeh, a senior member of the Fatah Central Committee which runs the Palestinian Authority, and an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , an independent Palestinian politician , called the document " a sign of maturity and a sign of political development . " " It ’s the outcome of a political dialogue that has been held over a very long time , but it is also about a feeling of necessity regarding It with the international community , and giving the right impression about themselves , " he told CNN . He added : " This ’A sign of maturity’ But Mustafa Barghouti, an independent Palestinian politician been an issue ’A sign of maturity’ But Mustafa Barghouti, an independent Palestinian politician so many years , and I am glad they have reached this point of maturity and are themselves their political program . " Meshaal is expected to themselves down soon as leader of Hamas after serving what the group says is a maximum two terms for its leaders . The new leadership will be announced the group the coming days , the French news agency AFP reported , quoting a Hamas official . The new document ’s publication also Hamas with the arrival of a    Palestinian delegation in Washington     President Abbas is scheduled to meet with US President Donald Trump at the White House on Wednesday . Points in the conflict , Borders : There was keen interest in whether Hamas would make official its stance on which borders Hamas would recognize as Hamas a Palestinian state . Hamas its old charter , Hamas called for a return Hamas " historic Palestine Hamas     which is almost all of    Israel     as marked by borders from before the 1948    war . Hamas has said over the past decade that it Hamas open to recognizing the later 1967 borders Hamas International support : Hamas has sought to increase international pressure on Israel Hamas particularly after several eruptions of    conflict   Israel have ended with significant death tolls . In the 2014 Gaza conflict , for example , more than 2 , 200 Palestinians were killed , while 73 Israelis were killed , UN data shows .   Militancy : There was also interest in whether Hamas would soften its language on the use of Hamas in the Hamas of its objectives . But the group ’s decision to Hamas Yehya       considered Hamas founder of Hamas’ military wing in the 1980s     as Hamas ’s leader in Gaza has been seen as a Hamas the group is not backing away from a militaristic approach Hamas vs. religious : Some Palestinians want the conflict framed as more political than religious . Hamas has traditionally been shut out of the peace process and Hamas designated a terrorist organization by the United States , Britain and the European Union . It has been behind countless bombings and attacks on Israelis since Hamas founding three decades ago . 
 Hamas 