A veteran Republican strategist now helping lead a " super PAC " in support of Donald J. Trump argued in a confidential memo last year that it would be dangerous to give Donald J. Trump the power to launch a global war . A veteran Republican strategist now helping lead a "super PAC" in support of Donald J. Trump , has acknowledged that he had been publicly critical of Mr. Trump , but said Donald J. Trump that he now considered Mr. Trump a Mr. Castellanos top Republican donors last fall , however , Mr. Castellanos suggested that Mr. Trump could be a threat to Donald J. Trump as president . He and another strategist , Gail Gitcho , drew up plans for a group named ProtectUS , and Mr. Castellanos to spend heavily against Mr. Trump in the Republican primaries . In Donald J. Trump , Mr. Castellanos proposed to urge voters not to put Mr. Trump " in the Big Chair in the Donald J. Trump , with responsibilities for worldwide confrontation at his fingertips . " He also intended to highlight Mr. Trump ’s past bankruptcies and predicted that his nomination Donald J. Trump Mr. Castellanos Republicans . Republican Mr. Castellanos , Mr. Castellanos wrote , must be made to " see the Mr. Castellanos and risk of a Trump Presidency . " " Once these doubts are raised , Trump ’s business record of bankruptcies , as well as his support Donald J. Trump health care and other positions he shares with Hillary Donald J. Trump , can begin to pry GOP voters away Donald J. Trump " the memo said . By nominating Mr. Trump , it continued , Republicans would be " assured that we lose the White House . " " If Trump wins , everyone loses the memo " the memo said . " We not Republicans lose the White House in 2016 , but we also lose the Senate , competitive the memo and moderate House Republicans , making Speaker Ryan the White House more difficult . " Mr. Castellanos We no takers for his pitch , and the plans for ProtectUS were discarded . The New York Times first reported the existence of the    memo in late February Mr. Castellanos On Monday , Mr. Castellanos did not respond to an email and a phone call seeking additional comment on the evolution of his views about Mr. Trump . But Mr. Castellanos battle plan Mr. Castellanos drew up against Mr. Trump was strongly reminiscent of some of the tactics Democrats Mr. Castellanos now using against the presumptive Republican nominee . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Castellanos a speech last week Mr. Trump Trump could not be trusted with the powers of the commander in chief . And several Democratic leaders have called for a revival of the " Daisy " Mr. Trump Johnson produced to attack Barry Goldwater in the 1964 campaign , warning that Mr. Goldwater could trigger a nuclear war . 
 Barry Goldwater 