Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump formally introduced Donald Trump pick to lead the Defense Department Tuesday , as Donald Trump brought Donald Trump " thank you " tour to Fayetteville , North Carolina . " In order to succeed in our defense policy , our must have the right person to lead in our Defense Department , " Donald Trump said , reading from a Teleprompter . " This is why I am proud to formally announce today my intention to nominate Gen. James " Mad Dog " Mattis as the next secretary of defense for the United States of America . " Trump appeared disciplined     much unlike past campaign rallies when Trump broke from Trump talking points to makes news     and stayed mostly on script during Trump rally .   Trump laid out Trump plan for the US military saying that instead of " racing to topple " foreign regimes that " that we know nothing about . That we should n’t be involved with , " Trump government will instead focus on " defeating terrorism and destroying ISIS . " " Any nation that shares these our goals will be our partner in this mission . our wo n’t forget it , " Trump went on to say . " our want to strengthen our friendships and seek out new friendships . " Trump also pledged to build a stronger military and improve equipment . After Trump introduced Trump , Mattis thanked the audience and Trump in brief remarks sandwiched in between comments from the   .   " Thank you    for the confidence that you ’ve shown in me . .. I look forward to being the civilian leader so long as the Congress gives me the waiver and the Senate votes to content . " " What a great guy , What a great guy ’s going to incredible , " Trump said after Mattis stepped off stage . Mattis will need the Congress to pass a waiver to comply with rules regarding leading the Department of Defense .   " Mattis ’ll get a waiver , right ? " Trump said . " Oh , if Mattis did n’t get that a waiver are going to be a lot of angry people . " The rally was a chance for Trump to visit a battleground state that was key to Trump upset election win last month . Trump spent much of the speech     delivered in the hometown of Fort Bragg     pledging to preside over a strong military that would engage in fewer overseas conflicts . Trump spotlighted the veterans in attendance , promising to end the defense sequester budget cuts , and highlighting nearby military installations . Before Trump made it to the venue , however , Trump plane had to make an unscheduled landing in Raleigh , North Carolina , due to cold , rainy weather at the Fayetteville airport . " So the weather was really bad , really bad , and they said these are great people in North Carolina , North Carolina n’t mind they sir Trump if you canceled and made it another time , " Trump Trump at the rally . " So I said , ’You got to be kidding.’ So we ’ve been driving for two hours . .. but there was no way we were n’t showing we tonight , that I can tell you . " Trump Trump spotlighted the veterans in attendance , promising to end the defense sequester budget cuts , and highlighting nearby military installations .   " These patriots have shed their blood to defend These patriots country , " Trump Trump . " Our debt to them is eternal and These patriots . .. we salute their sacrifice Our we These patriots the flag Our fought to protect These patriots " He Trump to his Trump last week where he Trump people who burn the US flag should the flag they fought to protect lose their citizenship . But he Trump people who burn the US flag appear to go as far Tuesday . " We love our flag Our we Our n’t the flag they fought to protect when we see people ripping Our our flag and burning Our flag . the flag they fought to protect n’t like Our the flag they fought to protect ’ll see what Our ’re going it Our about that , OK ? " Republican North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory was among those in the audience     in the wake of conceding his bid for reelection to Democrat Attorney General Roy Republican North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory on Monday , pledging to help with transition efforts after nearly a month of demanding a recount . Trump concluded his speech by making his pitch to Americans to Trump his movement by Trump he ’d be a president Trump all people . Trump When Americans are unified , there is nothing we can not do . Nothing . No task Americans too great , no dream too large , no goal beyond our reach , " Trump said at the end of his speech . " My message tonight is for Trump Americans from all parties , all beliefs , all walks of life , it ’s a message for everyone . No matter your age , your income , your background . I ’m asking you to join us in this great , great adventurous world we our living in . " Trump ’s    our have a similar tone and Trump to the prominent campaign rallies he hosted in the Republican presidential primary     filled with vocal and passionate supporters and also regularly surrounded and interrupted by protests .   While some of Trump ’s later events featured a teleprompter and scripted Trump , the Republican presidential nominee often engaged in unscripted moments to weigh in on news of the day and interact with audience members . In the final days of the campaign , Trump did several rallies in different states each day Trump Trump is also set to visit Iowa and Michigan Trump additional stops on his tour later this week . 
 Trump 