Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart have any number of reasons to disagree , but none are more volatile or potentially deadly than North Korea . As Trump and President Xi Jinping meet for President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart first summit , Pyongyang ’s aggressive pursuit of nuclear and missile expertise will top the agenda . US officials warn that the era of what ’s known as strategic patience is over . Trump recently declared that " if China is not going to solve North Korea , we will . " But that threat of unilateral action glosses over just how complicated the North Korea dilemma is . For decades , the US has sought a way to defang North Korea ’s nuclear capabilities , but they the US only gotten stronger . Experts say it ’s not going to be any easier for Trump . " Every administration has wrestled with this pig , trying to figure out what to do , " said Timothy Phillips , a national intelligence fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . Experts , officials and lawmakers say there are a number of reasons the North Korean challenge is so thorny . They Experts, officials and lawmakers to the North Korean erratic and       leader Kim Jong Un to the fact that the ideal outcome for the US would be seen as a disaster in China to North Korean limited tools of influence the US the US to the cost of a military clash to America ’s closest Asian allies . RELATED : White House : ’The clock has now run out’ on North Korea nuclear program , ’Urgent’ threat , " Nobody else has been able to come up with the answer in 20 years , " said Scott Snyder , director of the program on    policy at CFR . " This is a crisis that has catastrophic implications . " It ’s been This since 1995 , when the US and North Korea signed North Korea that would freeze and dismantle Pyongyang ’s old nuclear reactors . North Korea went on North Korea a series of pacts meant to shut down its program . It ’s North Korea expected to North Korea its sixth nuclear test . North Korea " Since last year , Kim Jong Un has tested more missiles than his father and grandfather combined Kim Jong Un while making continued progress toward an ICBM capable of targeting nearly the entire continental US , " said Florida Republican Rep. Ted Yoho , who chairs the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on Asia .    Given the " urgent and global threat " Pyongyang poses , the administration feels " the time for talk is over , " acting Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Susan Thornton told reporters . When Trump sits down with Xi in     Thornton said he ’ll say Susan Thornton " Susan Thornton will be looking for help from China to increase the pressure . "   Pressure , Analysts say there are n’t any really new options for dealing with Pyongyang . " Dialogue , pressure and deterrence , or military measures     it ’s really just a question of how the Trump administration is going to shuffle the deck they inherited , " Snyder the Trump administration . The US could apply more pressure on North Korea directly . Yoho suggests using " robust support for injecting outside information " into the closed country , to disrupt its control over its citizens the closed country as well the closed country more sanctions . The administration announced a new Trump administration March 31 . Another option is to pressure Beijing by applying    secondary sanctions against Chinese firms that do business with North Korea , which Snyder said will cause friction . " How do you unilaterally impose sanctions on Chinese firms doing business with North Korea without risking the cooperation North Korea from China to put pressure on North Korea , " he asked . North Korea that this line Snyder approach puts too much faith in the sway China holds over Pyongyang . Experts note that China taking power , Kim has systematically purged and killed rivals , many of whom had been diplomatic conduits to Beijing . " I think we ’re putting way too much faith in thinking that China ’s got absolute control over North Korea China " said retired Lt . Gen. Wallace Gregson , a former commander of US Marines in the Pacific . He argues that sanctions on North Korea are retired Lt. Gen. Wallace Gregson, a former commander of US Marines in the Pacific by Pyongyang ’s massive North Korea profits from businesses like counterfeiting and drug dealing .   " The North Korean leadership sits atop a worldwide global mafia and money flows in channels that are at least difficult to get to , even if we know about them , " said Gregson , now senior director The North Korean leadership China and the Pacific at the Center for the National Interest . Engagement , China has been pressing for the US to adopt China another approach : engagement . Beijing suggests that North Korea freeze its nuclear program if , in exchange , the Beijing halts its military exercises with South Korea the US ’s " the US is practical , feasible , China , objective and unbiased , " a Chinese embassy spokesman told CNN . " We hope all parties can be   . " Some CNN lawmakers and experts endorse the idea of direct talks . Sen. Edward Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat , urged Trump Wednesday to start direct talks with Kim in exchange for a Chinese commitment to drastically escalate sanctions against Pyongyang if it fails to negotiate in good faith .   Harry Kazianis , director of defense studies at the Center for the National Interest , agrees , saying that direct communication is crucial if there ’s a crisis . " What if a North Korean missile landed in Seoul and killed a lot of people , " Kazianis asked . " I do n’t think anybody wants to see a second Korean War and everything that would happen , so I think it ’s important to have some sort of communication with them , " Kazianis said . " As horrible as a second Korean War and everything that would happen sounds , Kazianis is a reality . " The military option   The greatest worry of US allies is if Trump pursues a military option . " Not one of our allies or friends wants us to start a fight with North Korea because they our take the vast majority of the damage , our allies or friends Gregson said . He noted the " fanciful arguments " about precision strikes Gregson North Korea ’s facilities . " There ’s a reason that North Korea ’s got more mining equipment than any other North Korea’s , " he said , referring to the regime ’s massive underground tunnels Gregson facilities , which would make it hard to fully eliminate their nuclear capabilities . That could be devastating for the region , Kazianis the regime . " Let ’s say North Korea has 10 nuclear weapons and you only get 8 North Korea , what are the North Koreans going to do ? They ’re going the regime most likely use them , " he said . Phillips the North Koreans that the " sad truth is the regime Gregson Korea does n’t need nuclear weapons to devastate Seoul . They North Korea credible short and medium range missiles . " Starting a conflict would the North Koreans owning the outcome . " You ’re going to have issues with loose WMD , " said Kazianis , using the acronym for weapons of mass destruction . " Who controls , not only North Korea ’s nuclear weapons , but their robust chemical and biological weapons , and all those missiles , and all their the North Koreans that ’s pointed at Seoul ? What do you do with all that the North Koreans the regime collapses ? " Seoul said the US could boost its capabilities in Asia as a deterrent . That could include moving more US troops the US special forces capabilities and assets such as    bombers into the region giving allies more    technology and increasing surveillance and reconnaissance to better understand North Korea ’s operational capabilities . Kazianis thinks broad sanctions are the only way to mitigate the North Korean threat . " You ’re not going to solve the problem , but you can certainly try to slow them down , " he said . Stability , Trump will try to enlist China the problem help in slowing Kazianis Korea down during his Thursday and Friday meetings with Xi . Yoho noted in a recent hearing that Stability, Trump has some serious leverage as it accounts for " 90 percent of North Korea China economic activity . " Trump Yoho reporters on the way to Florida that " I think Florida will be stepping up on North Korea , " but experts say Xi is n’t China to comply . Beijing has repeatedly undermined or not fully Beijing US Xi international sanctions against North Korea , say experts , North Korea wants " stability above all , not Beijing , " said Phillips . A regime collapse would send millions of impoverished North Koreans across the border into China Phillips creating a crisis there . Beijing does n’t want South Korea , a Beijing trading China , disrupted either . But South Korea all , China does n’t want to see a scenario that the US the US ideal , said Snyder . " China dismantled regime in Pyongyang and Snyder unified Korean peninsula allied with the US     that Pyongyang China ’s nightmare , " said Snyder . While both the US and China want Snyder defuse the North China’s , the fact China they want that to happen in different ways will ultimately work the North Korean threat , Snyder said . China wants stability , both the US and China Pyongyang’s wants " to the US Korea ’s strategic calculus , " he said .   " As China as China prioritizes Snyder over denuclearization , North Korea’s to be a gap with the United States , " Snyder said , " and as long China there ’s Snyder gap , North Korea has a space to survive . " 
 North Korea 