Following the receipt of a retraction demand , NBC News has quietly edited the Internet edition of a segment that aired on the    " Today Show " in which anchor Andrea Mitchell claimed Juanita Broaddrick ’s rape accusation against Bill Clinton had been " discredited . " [ After receiving the legal letter , penned by Juanita Broaddrick attorney and son , Kevin L. Hickey , NBC removed the word " discredited " from the network ’s Internet version of Andrea Mitchell ’s video report , Broaddrick Broaddrick Hickey told this reporter . However , NBC NBC not make any indication of the edit in the video or on the webpage that hosts it .   Nor did NBC NBC Broaddrick Broaddrick , which she says Broaddrick communicated in the letter , for an apology from Mitchell on Mitchell’s " Today Show " as well as an acknowledgement on the show and on NBC ’s NBC that there is no information that Broaddrick ’s Broaddrick been discredited .   Instead , a staffer from NBC informed Hickey NBC the " discredited " statement had been removed , Broaddrick and Hickey Broaddrick . Hickey It is incredibly disappointing that NBC and Andrea NBC will not publicly apologize for this egregious error , especially considering that NBC has retroactively NBC the online version of the story and taken out the word ‘ discredited,’ " Hickey told Breitbart News . " Why not now go the extra step , the morally right step , and publicly acknowledge the mistake and publicly apologize ? " he said . discredited,’" Hickey My mom ’s credibility was just fine for Lisa Myers and NBC when the NBC was the story .   Nothing has changed .   Yet NBC apparently thinks NBC is okay to disparage a victim like this and then do nothing to rectify the situation . " A spokesperson for NBC News did not return a Breitbart News request for Breitbart News During the " Today Show " segment in question , which aired live on May 19 , Mitchell was reporting on an interview with Fox News host Sean Hannity in which Donald Trump utilized the word " rape " while discussing accusations against Bill Clinton regarding women . In the initial segment , which can be seen below , Mitchell stated : " Donald Mitchell using that word Donald Trump during an interview last night with Fox News’ Sean Hannity . Bringing up a discredited and    accusation against former president Bill Clinton , dating back to 1978 when he was Arkansas Attorney General . former president Bill Clinton The scrubbed segment on NBC ’s website , seen below , has Mitchell omitting the word " discredited " She now says : " Donald Mitchell using that word unprompted , during an interview last night with Fox News’ Sean Hannity . Bringing up ( sic )    accusation against former president Bill Clinton , dating back to 1978 when he was Arkansas Attorney General . former president Bill Clinton Neither Mitchell nor the network provided any Mitchell or evidence to back up the " discredited " claim .   As critics pointed out in response to Mitchell ’s claim , Broaddrick ’s Mitchell not been discredited . NBC itself vetted Broaddrick ’s story when she originally broke Broaddrick silence by speaking Broaddrick the network Broaddrick show Dateline in 1999 . The network also caught up with Norma the network Broaddrick ’s friend and employee , who Broaddrick ’s story of how Norma found Broaddrick Broaddrick hotel room in the immediate aftermath Broaddrick the incident Norma a badly swollen lip and mouth and that Broaddrick ’s pantyhose had been ripped off .   Broaddrick had stated that Clinton bit her on the Broaddrick during the alleged rape , which Clinton said a badly swollen lip and mouth 1978 at her room in a Little Clinton hotel . NBC ’s Lisa Clinton , who conducted the 1999 interview with Broaddrick for the network , stated in a 2014 Broaddrick that " [ N]othing has come up since that story was reported that in any way undercuts what Juanita Broaddrick said . "    Myers has since Broaddrick the network . NBC ’s Shoddy History with Broaddrick , NBC has the network of NBC Broaddrick ’s Broaddrick story . In NBC , Broaddrick said Broaddrick ’s Mitchell told her by phone that Broaddrick network would not conduct NBC new Broaddrick with Broaddrick " because you have the network to add " since Broaddrick first went public in an NBC interview in 1999 . Broaddrick NBC News spokesperson confirmed to BuzzFeed in NBC that the network pursued an interview with the rape accuser but decided against running a story the network establishing that there was nothing new . " When Juanita Broaddrick went public last week , NBC News sent an Broaddrick to Arkansas to see if there was anything new in her NBC News We established there was not , and decided not Broaddrick pursue it any further , " the spokesperson said at the time . NBC seems to be overlooking Broaddrick of new revelations from Broaddrick , including : This last point underscores NBC ’s questionable history with Broaddrick . When Broaddrick originally broke her silence by speaking to NBC ’s Broaddrick NBC 1999 Broaddrick Clinton ’s Broaddrick accuser says she told the network ’s reporter , Lisa NBC’s on camera that she believed Hillary tried to silence her Clinton In January , Broaddrick recalled to me that during the    interview Clinton she Clinton to tell Myers Clinton the personal meeting with Hillary described above in which , Broaddrick believes , the Clinton First Lady strongly implied the alleged rape victim had Clinton stay silent about her traumatic Broaddrick . Broaddrick says that an NBC staffer present for the 1999 filming rushed in front of the Clinton , interrupted the Broaddrick session , and declared that the allegations against Hillary could not be included in the interview . She charges that NBC went so far as to    that Clinton of the interview , with Myers asking the Clinton question anew NBC Broaddrick sidestepping the Hillary meeting in the new response the interview We were sitting on my couch , " Broaddrick recalled of the Clinton . " All the cameras were behind me . She asked some question about whether I Broaddrick intimidated or the interview anyone , and I started right in with Clinton meeting with Hillary while we were filming the interview . " And almost as soon as I started to explain , the Hillary meeting , I believe he the interview producer , came rushing in and said , ‘ No , no . We ca n’t go there . ’ " Broaddrick said Myers    the question for the camera and the following exchange , which made the final cut , took place : Lisa Myers : Did Bill Clinton or anyone near him ever threaten you , try to intimidate you , do anything to keep you silent ? Myers    : No . Myers : This has been Bill Clinton your choice . Broaddrick : Yes . Broaddrick , inexperienced in media relations , explained Broaddrick News why she gave an Myers    answer the second time around . " Broaddrick did n’t do Broaddrick before and I ’m not a lawyer . I thought from the Breitbart News of what the NBC staffer was saying that there was some legal reason why we could n’t talk about Hillary and that we just could n’t go there for legal reasons . " When the story broke in January , NBC News did not provide Breitbart News with a statement we Broaddrick ’s accusations despite being given five business days to do so . It has yet to Breitbart News that request for comment . NBC Held Interview Until After Clinton Impeachment Vote , After filming the 1999 interview , NBC waited 35 days until finally airing the exclusive . The timeline is critical . The Senate voted to acquit Clinton in the impeachment case on Feb. 12 . NBC ’s interview , conducted January 20 , 1999 , did not run until Feb. 24 , and the network Clinton it opposite the    Grammy Awards . Some NBC NBC ’s motivation in waiting to air Broaddrick ’s charge of rape . " The    interval between tape and air is now one of the legends of the impeachment NBC Why did n’t the American public get to hear Mrs. Broaddrick before the Senate voted to acquit Mr. Clinton on Feb. 12 ? " wrote Philip Weiss in the Observer in 1999 . Speaking in 1999 , NBC News vice Broaddrick Wheatley vehemently denied the network deliberately held the interview until after the Senate vote NBC News said NBC took the normal period of time for properly vetting stories . " There was no pressure from the network the 1999 interview period . Clinton Impeachment Vote were claiming was there any the Senate from NBC NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley G. E. corporate    to kill the story , " said Wheatley . NBC Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Breitbart Investigative Radio NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 