  ( CNN ) Nearly two years ago Abby Holmes and Abby Holmes husband Jeremiah left Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah home and jobs in Brooklyn for Columbus , Ohio .   Between 45 % rent hikes and    hunts for a preschool for Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah son , Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah were ready to leave behind the big city life .   In Columbus Columbus Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah extended family , affordable rent and , they Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah , the promise of an easier life . But a little over a year after moving , the Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah struggled to find    work . Last year , they made Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah $ 26 , 000 , which was hardly enough to support the family of four .   They ’ve Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah on    Medicaid to cover doctor ’s visits , medications and the birth of their second Abby Holmes and her husband Jeremiah , Eli . Her family Abby n’t needed it yet , but Abby knows they could Her family turn to food assistance and other benefit programs .   Their situation Her family n’t the only thing that ’s changed in the last year .   The Trump administration and Congress have signaled sweeping plans to remake programs that affect the Holmes’ and millions of other families . Medicaid , food stamps and rental assistance are among them . Medicaid, food stamps and rental assistance families Medicaid, food stamps and rental assistance themselves losing the Medicaid, food stamps and rental assistance they depend on Medicaid, food stamps and rental assistance visit doctors , stay in their homes or Medicaid, food stamps and rental assistance healthy food on the table .   " We would have to regroup in an entire new way , " Abby Holmes said of losing Medicaid . Medicaid I would be forced to look for    work . My kids would see me less . .. and our    pay We not change because all of that new money would have to go for healthcare , so it is kind of a   . . .. We ’re living We to paycheck as it is . " While Republican leaders failed to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act in March , President Trump ’s administration has vowed to cut billions in federal poverty and health care programs and his secretary of President Trump’s and Human Services has promised to give states more control over social programs , which typically means budget cuts and diminished regulation .   How successful the Republican party will be in reshaping decades of social safety net programs is unclear as the party is the Republican party . President Trump promised during the campaign to " save " programs such as Medicaid " without cuts , " but has since changed his position since the President Trump .   A    Congress and the White House now appear aligned and eager to make the most drastic changes in generations to federal entitlement programs that help those in need . Where are safety net cuts most likely ? The programs most likely to face cuts are Medicaid and SNAP , Medicaid nutrition program that provides healthy food for families , housing vouchers and home energy assistance . Changing these programs from federal The programs most likely to face cuts control could create a patchwork of programs that can be confusing and hard to access because of changing eligibility requirements . Some estimate the changes could eventually cut as much as 30 % to 40 % from the     budget for Medicaid , while changes Medicaid food stamp programs and the health insurance rules might make it harder for families to afford groceries or visits to the doctor .   Medicaid covers 70 million Medicaid children , pregnant women , adults , seniors and people with disabilities , and SNAP helps 43 million people put food on the table .   But the GOP has signaled its intention to shift them the GOP being    entitlements the GOP    block , or per capita , grants . Entitlements are unlimited reimbursements to states that expand to cover anyone eligible for help during times of need , such as a recession or disaster . However , block grants function like an annual allowance : The federal government offers states a fixed amount for program funding and states decide how to use that money . If there ’s more demand for social services , states must make up the difference or cut benefits .   Congressional Republicans proposed block grant plans in their budgets last year and Congressional Republicans discussed them during the campaign . Congressional Republicans a March letter to state governors ( PDF ) Tom Price , head of the Department of Health and Human Services , promised to give states " more freedom to States programs that meet the spectrum of diverse needs . " Block grant reforms " end the misguided      approach that has tied the hands of so many state governments , " said House Speaker Paul Ryan in a statement on his website . " States House Speaker Paul Ryan no longer be shackled by federally determined program requirements and enrollment criteria . "   Beyond just state budgets , block grants can also change the way the programs work . Government leaders could , for example , institute requirements that Medicaid recipients have jobs , end federal rules that states pay for programs to help pregnant mothers quit smoking , or create a wait list for insurance . " We would go from a scenario where the government helps to guarantee access to certain levels of benefits to support kids and families , to a ’you’re on your own ,     ’ scenario , " said Kelly Hardy , senior managing director for health policy at Children Now , a California advocacy group .   Pushing for change , Republican and conservative thinkers have pushed to turn entitlement programs into block grants for decades . Ryan , 47 , famously said in March that he ’d been " dreaming " of cutting Medicaid since he was " drinking out he a keg . " They argue that the    Republican and conservative thinkers approach to poverty and social services has n’t succeeded . The nation ’s poverty rate has n’t changed dramatically since the 1970s , when programs like SNAP and Medicaid were first introduced and Medicaid percentage of children in poverty has n’t declined since 1970 , five years after Medicaid and other " War Medicaid Poverty " welfare programs were first signed into law .   " We do n’t know what works best , " said Michael Tanner , a senior fellow at the conservative Cato Institute . " But we know what we ’re We is n’t We . Experimentation seems like a good idea . "   That flexibility of block grants could let states tailor social service programs to the needs of their residents , supporters argue social service programs For example , under block grants , states could combine nutritional benefit money with healthcare funds to offer people at risk of obesity intense nutritional counseling early in life , before they require expensive treatment for intense nutritional counseling or heart disease , said Tom Miller , a resident Miller put things in silos , " Miller said of the social safety net . " If your focus is on improving Miller ’s health you would think about what could be rearranged . How do we best assist the person in front of us , if you could reshape it and bundle together what the government is offering ? Maybe housing is the thing that is going we make them healthy , not another doctor visit . " Miller pointed to a 2015 study by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation that gave disabled people on Medicaid cash allowances to spend money on Miller health services they thought they needed instead of trying to file for benefit programs . The study found that issuing cash allowances cost the government slightly more , they only because people more easily accessed the help they were a 2015 study by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation that gave disabled people on Medicaid cash allowances to spend money on   health services they thought they needed instead of trying to file for benefit programs in the first place . " States are the 50 experiments , the labs of democracy , " said Tanner of people Cato Institute . " Right now we treat everything as an identical cookie cutter , but maybe a state wants to focus on housing , or the universal basic income , or increasing work requirements . "   Doing more with less , But critics say the talk of innovation distracts from the fact that block grants reduce federal spending .   " Having looked at these proposals , it seems easy to determine that the decision that will be left to the states will be how to deal with less federal money , " said Matt Broaddus , a research analyst at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a nonpartisan    that specializes in welfare policy . In West Virginia , where 53 % of children are covered by Medicaid , a shift to per capita or lump sum block grants could leave state leaders with a $ 4 to $ 7 billion shortfall in federal spending over 10 years , a study by the nonpartisfan Urban Institute found . " If that happens , then we have to figure out where to cut , " said Renate Pore , interim executive director of West Virginians for Affordable Health Care . " Are they going to cut services , like dental care ? Are they going to reduce the number of people eligible ? People will have coverage Renate Pore, interim executive director of West Virginians for Affordable Health Care is less affordable , especially children . " " These Renate Pore, interim executive director of West Virginians for Affordable Health Care all bad choices , " Pore added . b , Dr. Lynda Young , a primary care pediatrician in Worcester , Massachusetts , said that if Medicaid funding was reduced , Medicaid doctors might treat Medicaid patients and parents could Medicaid it harder and more expensive to bring their children to the doctor .   " When the money is gone , what is going to happen to the kids ? " she Medicaid funding was reduced, fewer doctors might treat Medicaid patients and parents . " They do n’t come for routine care , so we ’re talking about their general development and health . We look at lead when they Medicaid funding was reduced, fewer doctors might treat Medicaid patients and parents in , we look at anemia , we look at making sure Medicaid funding was reduced, fewer doctors might treat Medicaid patients and parents have enough to eat . we In Ohio , parents Medicaid funding was reduced, fewer doctors might treat Medicaid patients and parents Abby Holmes might we without coverage while their we have less Medicaid coverage Medicaid funding was reduced, fewer doctors might treat Medicaid patients and parents they did before Medicaid Under Republican plans , Ohio could lose $ 22 to $ parents like Abby Holmes billion in federal parents like Abby Holmes funding from 2019 to 2028 , parents like Abby Holmes to the Urban Institute .    And Ohio block grants may promise states a reasonable amount of money when first implemented , studies have shown that over the nonpartisfan Urban Institute safety net block grants for housing and health insurance do n’t grow to account for inflation , rising costs or population changes , leaving states with less spending power each year .   The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities studied 13 federal block grants for programs like child care , substance abuse and maternal health and found that between 2000 and 2016 , federal funding fell an average of 26 % . Few states could make up the shortfalls and instead reduced benefits or cut people from the programs .   In California , where 42 % of California are covered by the state ’s    program , families could be forced to spend months on waiting lists before they get coverage .   " We ’ve done this before , " said Hardy of Children Now , referring to of earlier California budget cuts . " families California point we had 90 , 000 kids on a waitlist for a program that overall had a million kids in it . " Cutting additional programs , While cuts We Medicaid would be the largest and Medicaid dramatic changes to federal entitlements under the new Republican plans , they would also potentially cut millions of dollars for the federal government ’s food stamp entitlement program , which covers 43 million    Americans , almost 70 % cuts to Medicaid would be the largest and most dramatic changes to federal entitlements under the new Republican plans whom are families with children . The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , called SNAP , functions much the same SNAP a Medicaid entitlement does : Anyone eligible Medicaid the benefit will be covered and the federal   government will reimburse states . But the program could be shifted to block grants , providing a fixed amount of money to states for those the federal government’s food . " Let ’s assume the    The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program stays flat , said Stacy Dean , vice president for food assistance policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities . " That means that SNAP ca n’t expand to meet SNAP if a state or even a community experiences a The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities . "   Like Medicaid , cuts to SNAP could Medicaid fewer people would SNAP eligible for benefits or might have to wait longer to receive them . " It becomes a real tension when benefits are cut , because SNAP is part of the household budget " Dean said . " At some point you ’re going to give up your house rather fewer people allow your kids to go hungry . " Another program that could be changed to a block grant is Social Security Income , which provides as much as $ 733 a month in cash assistance to 8 . 4 million poor and disabled people , including 1 . 3 million disabled or blind children . Many of the children who receive SSI live with a single parent and receive special education . Under block grants , states could make it harder for parents with disabled children to receive benefits or could cut the monthly amount of money they receive .   While Trump and Ryan have made clear Trump reduce federal spending by reforming Medicaid and rolling back the expansion of other Medicaid that support children , the cost savings now could lead to higher parents with disabled children a few decades from now , advocates said . Children parents with disabled children have grown up without healthy food or easy access to doctors struggle with chronic , expensive health problems for the rest of their lives . " As people grow up without adequate medical care , that really is a big problem , " said Marcia Lowry , head of A Better Childhood , which advocates for abused and neglected children . " Children who have grown up without healthy food or easy access to doctors struggle with chronic, expensive health problems for the rest of their lives. " is going to have a big impact on the population , especially the poor population , as they grow up . " 
 