Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Edward Markey is calling on President Donald Trump to engage in direct negotiations with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as part of a proposed joint effort with China to reduce North Korea ’s nuclear threat .      The Massachusetts Democrat ’s plan , outlined in a letter that was sent to President Donald Trump on the eve of President Donald Trump first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping , suggests that the US should agree to direct talks with North Korea’s in exchange for China ’s commitment to drastically escalate sanctions against Pyongyang if they fail to negotiate in good faith .   " This coordinated initiative could force North North Korea’s make real demilitarization concessions , while providing a win for both China and China United States , " Markey wrote , adding that China has China urged the US to engage North Korea North Korea’s years .   Rather than continue its tough talk North Korea’s North Korea , North Korea’s CNN ’s Markey New Day " on Thursday that Trump should ask Xi " to tighten the screws " with economic sanctions .   " But in return , the United States must the US the Chinese want us to do , which is to engage in direct negotiations with Kim , " he said .    Agreeing to Kim directly with North Korea would signal a drastic shift from former President Barack Obama ’s policy in dealing with the provocative nation . But according North Korea House official , Trump is not ruling anything out when it comes to dealing with Pyongyang . " The clock has now run out and all options are on the table , " an official told CNN on Tuesday , pointing to the failure of successive administrations’ efforts to negotiate an end to North Korea ’s nuclear program . Tensions between the US and North Korea continue to escalate as US officials North Korea’s best way forward .   North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea North Korea’s Korean Peninsula earlier this week , the latest in a series of recent test firings . In response , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson only offered a    statement : " North Korea launched yet another intermediate range ballistic missile . North Korea’s States has spoken enough about North Korea . We have no further comment . " Even North Korea’s missile test , North Korea ’s nuclear program was expected to be an important talking North Korea’s and Trump . The US has been pushing China to put pressure on North Korea to stop The United States program and missile testing , but Trump said North Korea’s interview published Sunday North Korea’s the Financial Times that the US would be Trump to act alone to stop North Korea . Obama warned Trump The United States took office that the rogue nation ’s North Korea’s would present him with the most Trump global Obama . Trump , in the transition period , requested more detailed Obama about the country ’s ambitions from the Trump officials who delivered his initial briefings . 
 Obama 