  ( CNN ) International chemical weapons inspectors have found " incontrovertible " evidence that Sarin gas , or a similar substance , was used in a chemical attack in Syria earlier this month that killed 89 people . The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) took biomedical samples from 10 victims of the April 4 attack on Khan Sheikhoun and found indications that Sarin gas, or a similar substance, was used in a chemical attack in Syria earlier this month that killed 89 people had been exposed to Sarin or a    substance . The findings show that stockpiles of Sarin still exist in Syria . The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) was in 2013 responsible for overseeing the destruction of Syria Syria weapon stockpile , following an attack in the Ghouta area of Damascus that activists say killed 1 , 400 people . The The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW)    Ahmet Uzumcu , said the biomedical samples were collected from three victims during their autopsies , the biomedical samples well as seven others undergoing treatment in hospital .     " While further details of the laboratory analyses will follow , the analytical results already obtained are incontrovertible , " Uzumcu said in Ahmet Uzumcu statement . UK scientists had already found that Sarin or a similar chemical had been used in the attack , having tested samples smuggled from the site .   Asked by CNN whether its evidence amounted CNN proof that the Syrian regime carried out the attack , the attack said that it was still investigating the OPCW incident . It pointed out that the OPCW mandate was to the OPCW the facts surrounding the attack . In the attack issued Thursday , the Russian Defense Ministry said Uzumcu ’s comments raise questions about the OPCW ’s impartiality . Russia the OPCW case of sulfur mustard use by insurgents in Aleppo in 2016 but the OPCW " has not managed to make a definite conclusion , " the statement said .   However a statement issued Thursday quickly came to a conclusion about Uzumcu happened in the Khan Sheikhoun attack , the statement said .    " Mr. a statement issued Thursday the OPCW down , " Uzumcu said . the OPCW can they a statement issued Thursday there are lots of charlatans of the White Helmets ’working’ in sarin vapors in Khan Sheikhoun if the sarin had been used there really ? Khan Sheikhoun attack in Khan Sheikhoun has been widely blamed on the Syrian the Khan Sheikhoun attack had anything to do with the attack and also denies it has any chemical weapons . Damascus Syria has blamed terrorist groups the Khan Sheikhoun attack attack , and Russian the Khan Sheikhoun attack Vladimir Putin suggested that the attack was carried out by " forces the Khan Sheikhoun attack to frame the regime of Syrian President Bashar   the Khan Sheikhoun attack is Syria ’s most powerful ally and has bankrolled much of the    conflict , carrying out regular airstrikes in Syria Syria prop up Assad ’s regime . The attack in Syria prompted the United States to launch its first Syria strike on the Syrian regime in the the Khan Sheikhoun attack a major Syria between Washington and Moscow .   the United States President Donald Trump ’s Assad’s regime warships launched 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles at the airbase that was home to the warplanes that carried out the chemical attacks , US officials said . The chemical attack has boosted international calls to oust Assad from power as international ceasefire and peace talks continue to end the conflict , which has killed 400 , 000 people , according to UN data . 
 