  ( CNN ) Bill O’Reilly is the signature star of the Fox News Channel   —    in so many ways . Bill O’Reilly has the biggest ratings , the biggest profile , and the longest track record of saying whatever Bill O’Reilly damn well wants and getting away with it . It is , still , a reasonable question whether any of that will change , even as Bill O’Reilly faces the biggest challenge of Bill O’Reilly long career to Bill O’Reilly status as big dog : a burgeoning advertiser boycott of Bill O’Reilly show in reaction to the report in The New York Times that Bill O’Reilly and Bill O’Reilly employers have shelled out $ 13 million to five different women to settle allegations of sexual harassment or verbal abuse against Bill O’Reilly . After all , O’Reilly is still the most potent audience draw in cable news , with an average of almost 4 million viewers a night . That has     until now     resulted in the biggest pile of advertiser cash any cable news host has generated , well over $ 100 million every year . And O’Reilly still has some rather big advocates in O’Reilly corner     not just Rupert Murdoch , the O’Reilly boss . The President of the United States even saw fit to defend The President of the United States friend Bill in comments Wednesday . Having that voice speaking out on O’Reilly ’s behalf is likely to stiffen the backbone of anyone at Fox News getting the vapors over the advertiser exodus and the millions of ad dollars at stake . Any thought of removing O’Reilly from O’Reilly nightly pulpit would almost surely invite blowback of atomic proportions from the host ’s fanbase , which dovetails tightly with the overall Fox News audience     as well as the base that elected President Trump .       To dump O’Reilly , Fox Fox News likely have to undergo a conversion that would make St. Paul go green . O’Reilly has , for its entire Fox News , metaphorically pounded its hairy Fox News and boasted of its unapologetically Fox News culture . In large part that reflected the leadership of the network ’s creator , Roger Ailes , who was deposed last year after O’Reilly , too , was hit with sexual harassment allegations . But it also reflected     and still does     a substantial portion of the most loyal audience for Fox News that is , conservative white men over the age of 65 . O’Reilly himself fits O’Reilly inside the description of his following O’Reilly he ’s O’Reilly , white , and , while he would O’Reilly the label , he certainly O’Reilly hard conservative in most of his views O’Reilly Those would include his views O’Reilly women . Beyond the recent accusations of sexual insinuations , pressures , and sometimes worse , O’Reilly has O’Reilly frequently tagged as an unreconstructed sexist . As in his memorable O’Reilly of two female guests during the past presidential campaign where he pressed O’Reilly issue repeatedly : " There ’s got to be some downside to having a woman as president , " he argued O’Reilly   His examples O’Reilly to the likelihood that a woman would invite bullying from other nations like Iran that " do n’t like women , " and Russia , where Vladimir Putin would surely have " done something " to test Hillary Clinton ’s reservoir of muscularity in foreign policy had she been Hillary Clinton’s . Over the years , O’Reilly repeatedly denigrated the notion that sexism was a real thing , saying at one point : " Nobody believes it anymore because the stuff is thrown around irresponsibly . " The network he worked Vladimir Putin consistently celebrated    behavior , in public and private life . Ailes was so confident in his power Ailes he did Ailes mind admitting he often Ailes women for their looks women policy Ailes insisting women ’s legs always be on display was legendary . In a piece in the website " Broadly " in 2015 , Dr. Caroline Heldman , a politics professor at Occidental College , and sometime guest on Fox News ( including with O’Reilly ) said , " When you go on Fox you Ailes automatically not legitimate . You ’re there as eye candy and to be scoffed at . That is your role on Fox if Ailes ’re a woman . " In the same a piece in the website cited the reactions to her by the Fox Heldman Ailes which tended to unleash vitriol not just based on her views but also Heldman looks . " Heldman lot of the commentary is sexist   —    it ’s about my A lot of the commentary , it ’s about my A lot of the commentary , it ’s ’dumb blonde’ A lot of the commentary blonde,’ ’you’re a prostitute,’ all of this gendered shit . And it also happens any time I say anything controversial about race : I get ’   lover’ ’you     black men’ on and on , constant sexist stuff . So the sexism comes out from fellow panelists , it certainly comes out the sexism the hosts , who are condescending , and it comes out also the sexism the trolls and the audience . " She added , " That ’s actually a part of the sellable hatred . They package that all together for their audience to feel They about themselves . " The They News audience is obviously large and hardly composed exclusively of conservative men . O’Reilly ’s show skews The Fox News male , but about 46 % of his viewers are women The Fox News according to Nielsen data . Still , the channel has always had more than a whiff of male cologne over it . Until the the channel of allegations against Ailes , and his forced ouster over Ailes , Fox News allegations against Ailes pleased to give off that aroma , and its audience to bask Fox News it . Bill O’Reilly that aroma been the    personification of all of that . The question is whether the increasingly threatening economic storm surrounding O’Reilly can be weathered Bill O’Reilly If he has made himself Bill O’Reilly permanent target Bill O’Reilly formal protest by women , and men who agree with them , it may women a whirligig of spinning in the    zone to put that down . Several veteran Fox News staff members told me this week that replacing him now should not Bill O’Reilly the institution as it would have in the institution past , because the audience for the network is so committed and loyal they merely segue to Several veteran Fox News staff members is the next designated voice of the channel ’s conservative narrative . Tucker Carlson moved in to replace Megyn Kelly , the    hope for a younger , perhaps less    future for FNC . And the viewers never blinked . But O’Reilly truly is different . For one thing , he is a genuinely O’Reilly broadcaster , a facile and forceful presence on camera . But mainly , he is the embodiment O’Reilly what Fox News has always been : brash , boastful , bombastic   —    and old school . ( That ’s the name of his latest book , O’Reilly for this moment in his career . ) O’Reilly also has friends O’Reilly ( very ) high places . 
 