HOUSTON , Texas —    A " Houston Against Trump " protest is getting trolled by a hacker that keeps changing the time of the event . [ Quite a few watching the cyber trolling are getting some laughs out of a . Organizers are trying to coordinate an event for Sunday , November 20 , but now there is talk of taking the event down .   Someone keeps hacking the    event page for Houston   changing the time . They ’re losing their minds They pic . twitter .    —    Ken Webster Jr ( @ProducerKen ) November 11 , 2016 ,   The event the event organized on a Facebook page branded by the same name . The event organizers keep    the time    the event is the event m. to 6 p. m. One organizer said the event was once the event 1 a. m. David Michael Smith , who also shared Houston Socialist Movement ’s post before the election , wrote in a post on the event page , " This FB Event page is a Facebook page branded by the same name supporters , other    and even a few   . For technical reasons , not all of their posts can be deleted from this page . " He added , " a Facebook page branded by the same name and I have decided to take down this page down [ sic ] . " He a Facebook page branded by the same name " The November 20 event is not He cancelled , of course . " He assures , " We expect to have a large He spirited crowd and a wonderful action . " Smith says " A new event page will be created by Houston Socialist Movement within a couple of hours . Please check it out and share it then . Thanks to all ! " One social it troll responded to Smith ’s post " " # tearsofalibertastegood # trump2016 # Smith " Facebook event followers begged in comments , " Do nt delete that ’s what they want . Identify who they are and . Delete and Facebook event followers " Colby Jack commented Facebook event followers " Free speech works both ways . Do n’t let the negative outweigh the positive . " Another asked , " so we have to protest under the umbrella of socialism ? " Facebook event followers commented on the Facebook post , " In the end we are in texas , too many deer hunting rednecks outside Facebook event followers major cities . " Cindy Marabito had a solution , she commented " Please send all your supporters to my page Cindy Marabito HATE TRUMP ! I can handle the haters ! "    protests in Texas after the election failed to amass the numbers and violence texas demonstrations in other cities , as reported by Breitbart Texas . It remains to be seen if those who said they were interested in going to the " Houston Against Trump those who said they were interested in going to the "Houston Against Trump November 20 Facebook event ( " 3 . 4 TRUMP interested " ) will actually bring out the 1 . 3 K that said they were going . Lana Shadwick is a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas . Lana Shadwick her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . Ken Webster , Jr. Breitbart Texas contributed to Lana Shadwick story . He is a talk radio producer   personality from Houston Tx . Ken Webster, Jr. He is the host of Pursuit of Happiness Radio weeknights on KPRC Ken Webster, Jr.   Follow him on Twitter:@ProducerKen , Like him on Faceboook : Ken Webster Jr Ken Webster, Jr. Ken Webster, Jr. 