’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump’ ’s   about a " Muslim ban " and the   targeting seven      countries may undermine the government’ ’s legal    arguments for upholding the order , law experts say . ’ ’    Legal challenges to presidential executive orders are almost    always " an automatic win " for the government , especially when    ’ ’   Legal challenges to presidential executive orders invoke    concerns , said Stock . ’ ’    But the lawsuits against Trump’ ’s immigration order   —    which Trump    has said he would appeal    —    seem to be an exception Trump    two    major reasons , Stock said : " The first is 12 months ’’ worth of    statements about a ’’ Muslim ban . ’’ The second is the president’ ’s    habitual misstatements of facts and statistics that I really    think have caused the court to look upon his claims about the      imperative for this order with great    skepticism . " ’ ’    The Trump administration has insisted that the " extreme vetting "    order signed by Trump in late January does not amount to a    " Muslim ban . " Lawyers and    organizations have argued    that the ban violates the establishment clause of the First    Amendment a   "Muslim ban explicitly disapproving of one religion and    implicitly preferring others . " ’ ’   ’ ’    In December 2015 , Trump called for " a total and complete shutdown    of Muslims entering the United States , " and former Mayor Rudy    Giuliani , of New York , who advised the Trump campaign ,   last week that Trump called him and asked Trump ’ ’    Trump also told Trump Christian Trump Network   last month that Syrian Trump would be    given priority when applying for refugee status . That promise    seems to have been codified in the order , which states that the    US will " prioritize refugee claims made by individuals on the    basis of    persecution , provided that the religion    of the individual is a minority religion in the individual ’s    country of nationality . " ’ "    the individual those comments could hurt the government ’s case in    the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , which heard arguments on    Tuesday night over whether a temporary restraining order issued    by a federal judge in Seattle last week should be upheld while    the order ’s legality is established . " ’    " Those statements a temporary restraining order issued   by a federal judge in Seattle last week , because there’ ’s a    longstanding doctrine that there can be laws or executive orders    that on their face don’’t discriminative on the basis of race or    religion but that is their motive   —    and if that is their motive ,    they can their struck down , " Ilya Somin , a their Mason University    their professor , . ’ "    Washington state ’s solicitor general , Noah Purcell , argued before    the Ninth Circuit judges on Tuesday that Trump ’s intention in    signing the order was to bar a particular religious group   —      Muslims   —    from entering the US and therefore was    unconstitutional . " ’    August Flentje , who argued the government’ ’s case for the    Department of Justice in front of the Ninth Circuit judges on    Tuesday , has not disputed that Trump and Giuliani made those    statements . He said , however , that it was " extraordinary for a    court to Giuliani the president’ ’s    decision based    on some newspaper articles . " ’ ’   ’ ’    It is unclear whether the comments will be enough to ensure    victory for the plaintiffs . Because the ban does not explicitly    mention " Islam " or " Muslims , " it may be shielded from legal    challenges arguing that it violates the Constitution’ ’s guarantees    of religious freedom and due process . ’ it    Michael McConnell , the director of the Constitutional Law Center    at Stanford Law School who formerly served as a judge on the 10th    Circuit Court of Appeals , said " evidence of subjective bad    motivations " on the part of the executive might not be enough to    question an otherwise " neutral " government action . ’ ’    " The    principle is that government action that is neutral    and nondiscriminatory can not be impugned because of evidence of    subjective bad motivations on the part of legislators ( or in this    case    the executive ) , " McConnell said in an email . " There are    some establishment clause cases to the contrary , but the    establishment clause does    apply to actions taken abroad in    relation to other nations . " ’ ’    If Trump’ ’s past comments    a ban on Muslims don’’t weigh    heavily on the judges ’’ perceptions of his motivations , the speed    with which the order was drafted and rolled out   —    largely    bypassing the government’ ’s traditional      apparatus   —    may give the court reason enough to wonder whether an    " ulterior motive " was at play , Stock said . ’ ’    Reports emerged in the days after the order was signed that    Department of Homeland Security staff members were allowed to the order the order only after Trump signed it , and National Security    Council lawyers were   the order it . The    State    and the Department of Defense were also excluded    from the    ,   Department of Homeland Security Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said in   that he knew the executive    order " was coming " but would not comment on whether he saw the    Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly document before Trump signed it . ’ ’    " People on my staff were Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly involved " in drafting the    order , the   full document said , noting that he thought the order was " fairly    clear . " ’ ’   ’ ’    " It’ ’s Kelly too the   order portray the policy as just being      irrational , " Temple University law professor Peter Spiro     on Monday . " There are lots of elements of the story    that cast doubt on the efficacy of this law , the way in which it    was adopted , whether it would advance any counterterror    objectives   —    it just all looks bad this law " ’ ’    Indeed this law the courts are more likely to focus on whether there is    " an adequate factual basis for singling out these specific    countries as distinct sources of risk , " Richard Pildes , a    professor of Constitutional Law at New York University , told    Business Insider in an email . ’ ’    Critics of the order have noted that the countries it targets   —      Iraq , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , and Yemen   —    seem    arbitrary , and do not include countries that have posed serious    terror threats in the past such as Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Egypt ,    and the United Arab Emirates . ’ ’    The immigration order cites the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist    attacks three times as justification for the ban , but the      hijackers were from Egypt , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab    Emirates , and Lebanon . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump Egypt that the seven countries named in the executive    order " are the same countries previously identified by the Obama    administration as sources of terror . " The DOJ similarly claimed     to the US Court of Appeals that the listed    countries had " a previously identified link to an increased risk    of terrorist activity . " ’ ’    As   however , the original intent of    the law passed during the Obama administration " was to insist on    greater scrutiny of people who had traveled to Syria and Iraq , the Obama   administration they were citizens of countries that qualified    a visa    waiver . " Syria In other words , "    Post ,    , " lawmakers were    seeking to identify possible radicalization , not single out    citizens . " ’ ’    So far , the government has    difficulty proving that citizens    from the seven targeted the government’s an elevated terror risk    over others   —    and whether , as Stock put it , " something changed on    January 20th that justified invalidating 60 , 000 legally issued    visas . " ’ ’    Judge Michelle T. Friedland , who was appointed by President    Barack Obama and is one of three judges from the Ninth Circuit    Court of Appeals presiding over the    case , asked    Obama the DOJ lawyer , whether the government had any evidence    connecting the seven nations targeted by the order the government’s . ’ ’    Flentje replied that the record of the case , so far , did not    the order such evidence . ’ ’    " The proceedings have   Flentje moving very fast , " the   case . ’ " President Donald Trump ’s past comments about a. .. " 
 Trump   Flentje 