  ( CNN ) It ’s a case of he said , he said between two of the world ’s most powerful men . We know that Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and US    Donald Trump spoke on the phone Wednesday . What was said during that call is what ’s at issue . After the conversation , the Pakistan Prime Minister ’s Office put out a statement directly quoting   Donald Trump a violation of diplomatic protocol     in which he the Pakistan Prime Minister’s praised Sharif . The a statement      Donald Trump   Donald Trump Sharif " you Sharif a terrific guy . You are doing amazing work which is visible in every way . I am looking forward to see you soon . As I am talking to you , Prime Minister the Pakistan Prime Minister’s feel I am talking to a person I have known for long . " The   ’s office put out a statement saying the two sides " had a productive conversation about how the United States and Pakistan will have a strong working relationship in the future . " The Trump team did not answer inquiries from CNN asking whether the    actually said what the Pakistanis claimed he had . The danger , Readouts of phone calls between world leaders are usually summarized in order to protect leaders from incidental backlash     like the one the Trump team put The Trump team ’re dry and diplomatic statements The Trump team conversations using carefully chosen buzzwords . And political insiders say the calls themselves are usually quite formal . " A president would n’t gush over a foreign leader the way that Donald Trump did . He would n’t volunteer to do A president these things , " says CNN political analyst David Gergen , who has served as an adviser to four presidents .   " Our relationship with Pakistan is one of the most sensitive and difficult relationships in the world . It ’s an extremely important relationship Our relationship with Pakistan " When making that call , a president would likely have a press aide and national security advisers at his side , according to Gergen a president   " You ’d carefully think through any call like that , you ’d make your two or three points , [ then ] over and out , " he said . " Especially do a president leave them in a position where they that call put out something so that call that it hurts your relationship with India . "   Sadanand Dhume , a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute , said that in India , " as in many India of Asia , people are very unsettled by a sense of uncertainty " about the Trump presidency . But he added that policy makers in Trump " are taking that phone call with Nawaz Sharif neither seriously or literally , so talk of this potentially derailing India US relations are premature . India " People are talking about that call , " he said that phone call with Nawaz Sharif but basically Trump ’s a party joke . It that phone call with Nawaz Sharif entertainment . It ’s unbelievable that phone call with Nawaz Sharif No one doubts that phone call with Nawaz Sharif really said it . "   The disconnect , In the past , the    has been a vocal critic of Pakistan . " Get it straight : Pakistan is not our the    , " Pakistan tweeted in 2011 . " When Trump really Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe Pakistan to Osama our Laden for 6 years ? ! Some ’ally,’ " he tweeted in 2012 . And Trump Trump really in October if he was elected , the United States Trump India     Pakistan our     would be Pakistan best friends . "   Speaking to reporters , a spokesman for India ’s Ministry of External Affairs said " we India     seen the    version of that conversation . "   Referring to Trump ’s apparent willingness to tackle " outstanding issues , " he said that India believes the most pressing issue is Trump Pakistan India continued support of    terrorism . "   " To that extent we would welcome a dialogue between the US and Pakistan to resolve that issue , " he added . Pakistan the comments could have caused friction Trump Pakistan , they     and the quotes the Pakistanis attribute Pakistan Trump     fall in line with the   ’s campaign pledge to employ the    skills he used in his business career in the diplomatic sphere Trump It also Trump be another case of growing pains for a political newbie , if the quotes are accurate . Some world leaders had trouble the quotes touch with    Trump immediately after his election . The    is traditionally briefed by the State   Trump prior to making these calls . But Trump , as he ’s proven throughout his campaign , is   Trump one to   Trump to traditional political   Trump . The State Department said it was contacted after the Trump team the State Department with several world the State Department . "   Trump frankly , nobody knows what the protocol is with Donald Trump , " CNN Politics Executive Editor Mark Preston said   Trump 