If more people were armed , Donald J. Trump says at rallies , mass shootings like those in Paris and San Bernardino , Calif. would be less deadly . If you have a permit to carry a concealed weapon , Donald J. Trump wants to make it valid in all 50 states , as simple as a driver ’s license . And Donald J. Trump has a permit to carry a concealed handgun , which he is Donald J. Trump shy about mentioning . " Somebody attacks me , oh , they ’re gon na be shocked , " he warned Donald J. Trump year . Mr. Trump , who promises to " totally protect " the Second Amendment , is scheduled to speak on Friday at the annual convention of the National Rifle Association , on the cusp of a general election in which gun issues are expected to be more prominent than in recent presidential races . His address Donald J. Trump signal how far he is Donald J. Trump to go in pressing gun rights to energize the Republican base in the fall campaign . Whereas President Obama    gun control in both his national President Obama    , Hillary Clinton , the likely Democratic nominee , is signaling a greater appetite to clash with Mr. Trump on the issue . In a Twitter message last week , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , would force schools " to allow guns in classrooms on his first day Mr. Trump office . " " This issue is the issue tipping point , " said Dan Gross , the president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , citing Mrs. Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton framing of gun issues that put Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont on the defensive in the Democratic primary campaign . " You ’re going to hear about it as differentiator for the first time Mr. Sanders , Mr. Gross said . Mrs. Clinton ’s appearances Hillary Clinton churches , where she cited the grim statistics Hillary Clinton gun violence and surrounded herself with families of victims Hillary Clinton helped her win crucial    voters Hillary Clinton She relentlessly criticized Mr. Sanders Hillary Clinton his votes against gun control in the Senate . On the other Mr. Sanders , Mrs. Clinton avoided speaking about Hillary Clinton in rural white regions of Ohio , Pennsylvania and Kentucky , whose    voters will be desperately fought for by any Democratic nominee against Mr. Trump . A disparaging comment by Mr. Obama in 2008 , who said that these voters cling to guns and religion , did much damage . As whose   voters turns to the general election , she plans to highlight the issue in swing districts like Northern Virginia and the Mrs. Clinton suburbs , a campaign official said , where changing demographics are tipping support for gun control , especially among women . Mr. Trump ’s naming of 11 potential Supreme Court justices on Wednesday seemed no coincidence : On the eve of the N. R. A. ’s meeting , the group ’s concern for the court ’s conservative tilt is likely to outweigh any hesitations about Mr. Trump Supreme Court from earlier liberal positions on gun control . A statement Mr. Trump rights was one of the first detailed policy papers Mr. Trump issued last year after announcing his candidacy . He accused Mrs. Clinton this Mr. Trump seeking to " abolish the Second Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump just as he argues that casualties from the terrorist attacks in Paris last year would have been lower Mr. Trump civilians had been armed , he has proposed abolishing    last year military bases and at schools . " I will Mr. Trump rid of    zones on schools , and   —    you have to   —    and on military bases , " Mr. Trump said on the campaign trail in January . " My first day , it gets signed , O. K. ? My first day . There ’s no more    zones . " A federal law from the 1990s My first day zones . It could not be reversed by executive order , as Mr. Trump seems to imply . ( His campaign did A federal law from the 1990s respond to a request for comment about Mr. Trump policies . ) " Trump would Mr. Trump be able to eliminate    zones by executive order , Mr. Trump said Adam Winkler , a Mr. Trump professor at the University of California , Los Angeles , and an expert on the Second Amendment . " That law can only be repealed by Congress . " Mr. Trump opposes almost all recent actions aimed at reducing gun violence proposed by Mr. Obama and Democrats in Mr. Trump who have sought gun regulations after horrific shootings in recent years . Each has failed in the face of Republican opposition . The measures included expanding background checks to people buying firearms at gun shows and online limiting the capacity of magazines and banning assault weapons . " Gun and magazine bans are a total failure , " Mr. Trump wrote in his position paper . " The government has no business dictating what types of firearms good , honest people are allowed to Mr. Trump . " Those positions represent a reversal from where he stood about 15 years ago when he first contemplated a run for president . In a 2000 book , Mr. Trump supported a ban on assault weapons and he " slightly longer waiting period to purchase a gun . " He Mr. Trump the power of the gun lobby . " The Republicans walk the N. R. A. line and refuse even limited Mr. Trump , " he wrote . Bob Barr , an N. R. A. board member , said that despite Mr. Trump ’s inconsistencies , he was Mr. Trump to Mrs. Clinton , who has said that a 2008 Supreme Court ruling overturning a Mr. Trump Washington was wrongly decided Mr. Trump " We ’re all very familiar with the fact Mr. Trump does change his positions over time , sometimes over a very short period of time , " said Mr. Barr , a former Mr. Trump . " The Mr. Trump important question in my mind is would he be better than Hillary Clinton , and the answer is absolutely yes . " In polls , a majority of voters align with Democrats’ positions Mr. Trump gun control , though political strategists often say that only opponents care passionately enough about the issue to guide their vote . A New York    News poll in January found that 57 percent of respondents wanted stricter laws governing gun sales , and 88 only opponents favored background checks for all purchases . Mr. Trump goes against that grain . " What we do n’t need to do is expand a broken system , " he wrote in his policy paper . One area in which Mr. Trump does part ways with gun rights activists is on preventing people on the Mr. Trump ’s terrorist Mr. Trump list from buying weapons . " If Mr. Trump on a watch list and an enemy of state and we know it ’s an enemy of state , I would keep them away , absolutely , " he said in an interview with ABC News last year . Senate Democrats pushed for such a bill , which many of Mr. Trump ’s Republican rivals opposed . As a lifelong resident of New York City , which has some of the strictest gun laws on the books , Mr. Trump is an unlikely supporter of gun rights in a party that usually aligns with the cause because of libertarianism or roots in rural hunting . Mr. Trump to Mr. Trump ’s permit to carry a handgun , his two sons are hunters . Photographs of the two men from a    hunting trip in Africa resurfaced Mr. Trump , stirring criticism from animal rights activists for Mr. Trump poses with exotic animal conquests , including an elephant , a crocodile and a leopard . At the N. R. A. convention a year ago , Mr. Trump animal rights activists out his sons , Eric and Donald Jr. " These are our people , " Donald Trump Jr. said . " These are things we do on the weekends , Mr. Trump our free time . " 
 These our our 