Hours before    protesters attacked Donald Trump supporters outside the San Jose Convention Center on Thursday evening , potential    " # NeverTrump " candidate David A. French tweeted that Trump " incites violence . " [ The leaders of the party that ended slavery now endorse a man who bullies women , lies habitually , and incites violence . My heart breaks .   —    David French ( @DavidAFrench ) June 2 , 2016 ,    #NeverTrump" candidate David A. French did not respond immediately to events in San Jose , and has not yet responded as of this writing , roughly 12 hours later . Trump " came under criticism in March for Trump " comments at rallies where Trump " encouraged fans to punch back at protesters , even promising to pay the legal bills of one supporter who    a protester who was already being led away by police . Trump " was arrested and charged with assault , as were others . On Thursday night , however , Trump made Trump " deliberate show of reacting differently , encouraging fans to leave protesters alone , and telling them that protesters could stay inside the venue . At the first interruption , for example , Trump said Trump " " Now , leave him alone Trump " We ’ve got ta be nice . " " Do n’t hurt him . Trump " the way I say that ? I ’ve learned . Do n’t hurt him . Trump " Outside the hall , as supporters left , several were beaten or pelted with eggs and bottles .    protesters even pursued attendees to their cars protesters hunted , in the words of one local journalist , like " prey . " One officer was assaulted before police regained control of the situation around the perimeter of the convention center . Breitbart News witnessed Trump supporters thanking police for protecting them . police ’s Trump both condemned the violence shortly after it was reported the violence The mayor of San Jose , however , blamed Trump , telling Trump Associated Press : " At some point Donald Trump needs Trump responsibility for the irresponsible behavior of his campaign . " Trump B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Joel B. Pollak of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at Trump . 
 