  ( CNN ) In the movie " The Godfather , " Vito Corleone was not making deals , Vito Corleone was making offers people could not refuse . Vito Corleone was not giving orders either , Vito Corleone was giving suggestions that sounded like orders , because orders were backed by unspeakable threats . Unfortunately , this behavior is not just a creation of Mario Puzo ’s imagination , nor is this behavior limited to criminal organizations . In most countries without the rule of law , this is the way governments make economic policy . In the better ones , at least physical threats are spared , but it is simply because economic ones are more than sufficient .   Donald Trump ’s new economic policy seems to follow this strategy .   Consider the 35 % tax on companies that send jobs overseas , recently proposed by Donald Trump Donald Trump While better than ad hoc subsidies ( at least it is a more impartial rule and does not increase the deficit ) it it an extremely difficult measure to implement in an objective way . It it very much like a big stick in the hands of the   . If you do not do what he says , you are going to be punished with a targeted tax .   Or consider the    Carrier deal with United Technologies . After United United Technologies that it   Carrier keep open its   Carrier plant , CEO Gregory J. Hayes said in an interview : " I got a call from    Trump . He simply CEO Gregory J. Hayes , ’Look , Greg , I need you to relook at your decision to close the Indianapolis factory of Carrier . ’ "   When asked how he justifies CEO Gregory J. Hayes decision your decision to close the Indianapolis factory of Carrier shareholders CEO Gregory J. Hayes Hayes pointed CEO Gregory J. Hayes that " 10 % of our revenues come from US government " and they can greatly benefit from better regulation and better tax environment . He was CEO Gregory J. Hayes to reassure the viewers that there was " no deal , " but this was ultimately a " good deal for UTC . "   Whether it is backed this the carrot of special deals or by the threat of retaliation ( or by both ) is irrelevant . It might be a good deal for UTC , but UTC is a It deal for the country . And now we have the attack on Boeing for its alleged overpricing Boeing the new Air Force One . It is possible the plane is too expensive , but how would Trump know ? And if he did know Trump would n’t it be better if he documented why Trump price was excessive rather than blasting the company via Twitter ? It feels like Trump wants to Trump that he carries a Trump stick and he is willing Trump use it ,   possibly in the subsequent phone call he had with Trump CEO Dennis Muilenburg . Do not get me wrong . In the short term , this    strategy is very effective . It does not this   strategy the deficit and in most cases it does not this   strategy require legislative intervention .   But in the long term , it corrodes the this   strategy of a market economy , and that ’s a much bigger problem in the making . A market economy is based on known and impartial rules , which apply to everybody in the same way . It is only A market economy this context that markets can work their magic     markets innovation and investments , creating jobs and providing to everyone better products at cheaper prices .    When a    ( or worse , a president ) changes the rules depending on his whims , When a   (or worse, a president) people can not focus on what matters : innovation , talent development , expansion in new markets . They are too business people making sure they are not business people the wrong side of the government in an environment when the game can change at any moment . They end up business people an enormous amount of time and resources in what economists call " " and what normal people call " sucking up . "    This behavior can spread like an infection . If everybody follows a    and impartial law , everyone in general stays healthy . But if other people see that random acts of executive power can help or hurt them , they other people to other people for favors , exceptions and special deals . It proves impossible not to join the crowd . It is like waiting in line . Once some people start to cut the line , it becomes unbearable not to join them , because some people waiting patiently one does not go ahead , one goes backward . This is when a capitalist economy degenerates into chaos , possibly taking the world ’s economy along with it .   I hope to be wrong here , but I fear that    Trump has abandoned the Republican    stand to embrace an    mercantilism . It is the dawn of a crony capitalist system in America .     
 