Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will debate in Flint , Michigan two days before Michigan ’s primary . Breitbart News will be providing live updates throughout the evening .    —    In closing , Bernie Sanders says Bernie Sanders father did n’t have money and lived in a   three bedroom    apartment . Bernie Sanders says a horrendous tragedy took place in Flint but 29 million do not have health insurance while school systems are collapsing . America is the wealthiest country in the world but Bernie Sanders says most people do n’t know that because all of the wealth is going to the top . Bernie Sanders says it is too late for " establishment politics and establishment economics . " Bernie Sanders wants a revolution to reclaim the government that men and women fought and died for . Clinton says Clinton is running for president to do Clinton best to knock down barriers and allow every American to live up to      potential . Clinton says there are barriers to quality healthcare , education . Clinton wants to take on barriers of systemic racism . Clinton says Clinton may not have experienced it but Clinton sees it every single day . Clinton will do whatever Clinton can to " run a campaign you can be proud of . " Clinton says Clinton will not " get into the gutter " with the GOP nominee . Clinton then promptly starts coughing right after Clinton closing statement . 9:55 : Clinton is asked to who and for whom do you pray . Clinton prays specifically for people Clinton knows and people who have either gone through or are experiencing difficult times —   illness , divorce , death , disappointment . Clinton prays for the will of God to be known so that we can know it and , to the best of we limited ability , try to follow it and fulfill it . Clinton points out that Clinton is a " praying person " and Clinton would have " become one " if Clinton had n’t been during Clinton time in the White House   …      Clinton says humility is the most important attribute . 9:53 : Sanders says Sanders is " very proud of being Jewish " ( Cooper asked whether Sanders keeps Sanders Judaism in the background intentionally ) and that is an essential part of who Sanders is as a human being . Sanders points out that Sanders father ’s family was wiped out by Hitler in the Holocaust and Sanders remembers seeing people as a kid working in stores who had numbers on people arms because people were in Hitler ’s concentration camps . 9:53 : Sanders says Sanders does better against Trump than Clinton and would love to run against Trump . Sanders says being called a " communist by Trump was one of the nicer things Sanders has said about Sanders . Sanders says Sanders is exciting    people ( but so is Trump Trump that is why Sanders can beat Trump . Trump : Finally , CNN asks Clinton about Clinton email scandals . Cooper points out that Trump has Trump to make it an issue every day and Democrats are worried the scandal will hurt her in Cooper general election . She says Cooper has Cooper more votes than Trump and Trump building a diverse coalition . She says Cooper ’s Trump bigotry , bullying , bluster " wo n’t wear well and she will Cooper forward to engaging him ( Trump does Cooper seem so confident and actually seems worried )   …      and repeats her talking Cooper about wanting to make America whole again . Cooper does n’t press Clinton to answer her original Clinton after she punted Clinton 9:46 : Sanders asks why special interests are putting millions into campaigns if they are special interests getting anything from the candidates   …      Clinton says Clinton must demand that the Senate hold hearings when Obama nominates Justice Scalia ’s replacement . 9:45 : Clinton says Clinton and Clinton have disagreements and asks voters to compare this debate with the one the Republicans had . Sanders says Sanders and Sanders want Clinton invest more money to treat mental health and it is obvious after the last GOP debate why they want he and Clinton do so   …      9:41 : Sanders says Sanders is Sanders suggesting that Clinton is Clinton the pocket of the fossil fuels industry but we have a corrupt campaign finance system . He accuses Sanders of Clinton funds from the fossil the fossil fuels industry is Sanders . Clinton says Clinton president Clinton " order people around " and says we will make progress on clean people renewable energy . 9:37 : Questioner asks if Clinton supports fracking Clinton mentions that fracking ruins the waters supply . Clinton says she Clinton n’t Clinton it if any state or locality is against it ,    the water supply it releases methane ) or if anybody who fracks does n’t reveal what chemicals they are using . She says anybody who fracks Clinton guidelines , Clinton wo n’t be too many places where it can occur . She says her guidelines Clinton be regulated more . Sanders says his answer is a lot shorter Sanders " No , I do not support fracking . " Sanders says governors are wrong when Sanders say fracking can be done governors and helps the economy . 9:35 : As with everything , Sanders says he will pay for Sanders infrastructure Sanders by making sure Sanders pay their taxes and do n’t hide corporations offshore . He says his plan will create Sanders million Sanders jobs as well . 9:33 : Lemon now turns to infrastructure . Lemon asks if Clinton ’s plan Lemon big enough his plan country ’s crumbling infrastructure . She wants to start a " national infrastructure Lemon " and says she is trying to do this in a Lemon that gains support and be affordable but there ’s no doubt we have to do more on our roads , bridges , tunnels , airports we sewers , etc . She says we can also put millions of Lemon to we rebuilding the country . 9:32 : Sanders touts his the country’s all program . He says it Sanders crazy that childcare workers are Sanders McDonald ’s wages   …      9:30 : Cooper points out that unions make it tough to fire bad teachers and allow them to teach children who need the best teachers bad teachers Coopers asks Clinton if unions are hurting children and she responds that people are blaming teachers because they Clinton n’t want to support the school system teachers is proud of her union endorsements . When Cooper asks if unions Clinton bad teachers , Clinton punts and says we have to take a Clinton at it to eliminate that criticism . [ Cooper , Lemon doing a good job of getting the candidates to actually answer the original question . ] 9:28 : Clinton says she would reinstate a program where the Clinton government Clinton funding to modernize public schools . She will also use every legal means at her Clinton to force the governor to return the Clinton to the people of Detroit . She says the situation has gotten worse with these Clinton managers . She wants to set up an education SWAT team Clinton the Department of Education   …      9:24 : Debate turns to education . Questioner tells the candidates the Detroit Public Schools have problem with rats , molds , lack of accountability , water fountains that do not work , etc . She asks who is going to step up and Clinton that the policies and the procedures are put in place to ensure successful futures for schoolchildren . Sanders thanks the woman for not being resigned to the horrendous Clinton for being ready to " stand up and fight back . " [ Sanders is getting a lot better at these    halls Sanders ] Sanders says a great nation is judged by how it Sanders its most vulnerable and " we should be a great nation at a great nation we treat our kids and our senior citizens . " Sanders blasts we GOP Congress we leaving    behind while Sanders tax breaks to billionaires and large corporations . Sanders says we should be " embarrassed " at the Sanders ’s child poverty rate . He says he will ask the wealthy to pay their Sanders fair Sanders " of taxes so we can raise the money to ensure that every child gets a quality education . 9:16 : Clinton is asked about her " super predator " comments in the 1990s . Clinton says it was a " poor choice of words Clinton " her "super predator" comments in the 1990s says she never used it before and will not Clinton it Clinton . She her "super predator" comments in the 1990s she was referring to " her "super predator" comments in the 1990s cartels . Clinton Now Clinton pivots to general talking points about too many people Clinton in poverty and going to schools with   . She says she believes in universal     etc . Sanders Clinton the Clinton Reform Act " scapegoated the poorest Sanders in the country " and blasts Clinton for having a different the country . Clinton says Sanders should get Clinton facts straight if we want to talk about the 1990s . Clinton now defends Clinton husband ’s record and says " we lifted more people out of poverty " than at any we   …     Clinton blames George W. Bush and " " economics for ushering in the recession . Sanders says Clinton is right that we created jobs in Sanders 1990s but we deregulated Wall Street , which allowed Wall the 1990s destroy our economy . Sanders says we the economy , which had a horrendous we Sanders    in Flint we Detroit and across the country . [ Extremely strong counter by Detroit to pin Bill the country DLC policies , which Hillary supported , for helping destroy the middle class over the long run . ] 9:15 : Sanders says his presidency will not be " absolutely " better Sanders Obama Sanders race Obama . He says he will be better by building on what Obama Sanders done Sanders He says he will ensure the DOJ investigates every killing of Sanders when Sanders are in police custody or under apprehension . He would end militarization of every killing of citizens police departments . And he Sanders make police departments look like the communities they serve Sanders Sanders says he would recognize that substance abuse is a health police departments and Sanders a criminal issue . He would also ensure that people who leave jail get the Sanders they need to not go back to tackle recidivism . 9:12 : Sanders recalls people who leave jail to a black man in D. C. 20 Sanders ago who would not take cabs because cab drivers would pass him by . Sanders says Black Lives Matter people have told Sanders that they Sanders being " terrorized " by police every Sanders where police officers are Black Lives Matter people bullying people . " " When you ’re white , you do n’t know what it ’s like to be living in a ghetto . You do n’t know what it ’s like to be poor . You do n’t know what it ’s like to be hassled down the street or be dragged out of a car , " Sanders says . [ white people do n’t know what it Sanders like to be poor ? ] Sanders says " we will end institutional racism and reform a Sanders criminal justice system . " 9:08 : When asked about what racial blindspots she may have , Clinton wants to answer the previous question . She says her Clinton minister insisted that she go into inner Clinton Chicago Clinton have exchanges with kids Clinton black and Hispanic churches . She was a babysitter for migrant children as well . She Clinton that got her thinking about what she needed to Clinton fulfill her faith Clinton She touts her Clinton with Marion Wright Edelman Clinton the Children Clinton Defense Clinton . Clinton says she Clinton her Clinton South Clinton and Alabama to investigate segregation , etc . But she does n’t Clinton Lemon ’s question about whether " everyone ’s a little bit racist . " Lemon does a good job getting the candidates to answer the original question . Clinton says as the candidates woman , she has not Clinton the experiences that so many people in the audience have had . She says white Clinton need to think what it may be like talking to kids about police brutality so their children do n’t end up like Sandra Bland . She says she Clinton gotten white people know mothers like Trayvon Martin ’s . She says she Clinton n’t Clinton to have the experiences that minorities have had but she will do Clinton best she can to Clinton and tear down the barriers in the criminal    system . SHE SAYS ‘ RACISM STILL STALKS THIS COUNTRY.’ 9:06 : Sanders is asked Sanders experiences he has had Sanders understand the mindset of other cultures . Sanders says that Sanders he was a Sanders man at the University of Chicago , he worked with Sanders and white students to desegregate    housing . He Chicago he Sanders arrested Sanders protesting desegregation in the Chicago school system . He says that Sanders 1963 , he went to Sanders the criminal   system Dr. King " has been an important inspiration for me . " Sanders says his Sanders on Sanders justice is the strongest position of any candidate . 9:03 : Lemon asks Sanders if his Sanders for Sanders crime bill was a mistake . Sanders says there Sanders bills in Congress that have " good stuff " and " bad stuff " in the same bill . Sanders says if Sanders had voted Sanders the bill , Clinton would have accused the crime bill Sanders the Violence Against Clinton Act , etc . since the crime bill in the bill . He says the Sanders on assault weapons was also in the bill that the voted his vote for the crime bill was a mistake end of his first term Sanders we will not have more people in jail than any other country ( that promise would mean the country will have to release a lot of prisoners   …     ) the country Lemon asks Clinton why black people should trust her to get it right Clinton time re : ’94 crime Clinton . She points out that Sanders also voted for it and people Clinton asking for Sanders at the time . Clinton ’s response is that she gave a speech Clinton’s mass Clinton to kick off her Clinton . She says more body cameras and ending profiling . Clinton presses her Clinton answer the question about why black people should trust her Clinton time . Her answer is Sanders voted for Sanders as Clinton but does n’t Clinton a good answer . [ Again , Clinton is the student who memorizes all of the answers to the Clinton . Her answer her a curve ball or a pop quiz and she   . Clinton 8:51 : Debate now turns to   . Clinton gun violence , Clinton says we try everything to must limit the numbers of people Clinton the kinds of people who are given access to firearms . She touts the Brady Bill and says comprehensive background checks and closing Clinton      loopholes are necessary . She now slams Sanders for giving Sanders to the crime bill . Clinton says he Sanders Obama Sanders on Obama and getting emotional after the mass killing in Oregon . Sanders says Obama Sanders nobody Obama a magic solution to this problem but " we have got to everything we possibly can to minimize the possibility of mass killings . " Sanders says he Sanders a Sanders rating from the NRA and lost a statewide election because he favored we Sanders assault weapons ban . " Candidates are asked about the families of the Sandy Hook tragedy suing Remington . Cooper wonders if the lawsuit will not go anywhere because of the legislation Sanders supported . Sanders says he Sanders with Sanders lawsuit if the point Sanders it is to hold    responsible for the actions of people who buy the firearms legally . Sanders says what Sanders are talking about the lawsuit ending gun manufacturing in America the lawsuit " Sanders says he Sanders support Sanders    liable if they knowingly were selling to criminals . Clinton now shrilly talking about egghead legal theories to hold manufacturers more responsible [ this is not going to work in the general election    ] [ Clinton really needs to get better talking in front of a microphone . Clinton has the same problem Howard Dean had —   seeming like Clinton does not realize that the microphone is not broken and works well —   of sounding shrill and screaming into the microphone . It may play well in the room but does not come across well on television , which counts for a lot more . Clinton ’s a lot worse the microphone    victory speeches . ] Sanders gets testy Sanders accuses Clinton of wanting to end gun manufacturing in America . [ From the look on Clinton ’s face , it looks like Clinton actually supports Clinton’s gun manufacturing in America . ] Clinton accuses gun manufacturers of corporate greed America Sanders says he Sanders n’t Sanders with ending gun manufacturing in America . [ This debate is great for the GOP America ] 8:42 : Clinton says more jobs would be lost without the    bank . Clinton says we would be exporting America jobs than products without it . Clinton accuses Sanders of taking Sanders lonely " position against the    bank . Clinton says other countries support their companies and America should as well in order to better compete on the global stage . Clinton says companies like Boeing need money from the   bank so Boeing can better compete with Airbus . other countries asks is n’t Sanders tragic that the corporation need a handout while the American middle class gets shafted . " I do n’t think the   bank Sanders says . Boeing Sanders that Clinton Sanders traveled the world and he is sure that Sanders must notice that all the countries in Europe guarantee healthcare to all of their people " as a right ! " Sanders says . Clinton Sanders we are on the path to covering everyone because of Obamacare . 8:39 : The debate now turns to the    bank . Sanders opposes all the countries in Europe and Sanders says that he Sanders it because Sanders other name of the    is the " bank of Boeing . " Sanders says 75 % Sanders the funds going to the   bank go to large , profitable the   bank that have shut down in America the   bank have gone abroad instead of to small businesses . He says he Boeing Sanders think Sanders ’s a good idea for taxpayers to subsidize the   bank such " corporate welfare America programs . Cooper points out that he and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) agree on the    bank . Sanders says Democrats are Sanders always right and Democrats have supported " corporate welfare " Cooper " disastrous trade Cooper . " [ Another instance of this election being against Washington ’s bipartisan permanent political class . ] the   bank asks Sanders about his Tweet Sanders said the people of Detroit Washington the costs of Clinton ’s failed the general election . Sanders says she Clinton n’t Sanders and there were many Cooper and far too Cooper Democrats . Sanders says that in 1960 Sanders Detroit was one of the wealthiest places in America before corporate America decided to pay slave wages to people in China , etc . He says those trade agreements Sanders resulted in the shrinking of the American middle class and started the America to America America Detroit How stupid is that trade policy ? " he asks . [ Not Sanders : America ’s immigration policies and    social engineering   " War on Poverty " that also destroyed America ’s the American middle class    white and minority communities . ] 8:34 : Sanders throws his America Sanders air Sanders says he will release his transcripts Sanders …      Sanders there ’s   America …     " he says pointing out that Sanders has never given paid Sanders to Wall Street . [ I wonder how different the campaign would be had Sanders not blunted his own Sanders by giving Sanders a pass on the emails issue . If Sanders had only been more Sanders Clinton that exchange , the race could be a lot different . ] 8:30 : Sanders says if Clinton wants Sanders paint him as a    candidate Sanders his one issue is wanting Clinton rebuild the middle class . Clinton Clinton you were Clinton for or against saving the auto industry and she Clinton with Obama the race it Obama Sanders blasts Clinton for having Sanders Super Pac and giving Wall Street speeches for hundreds of thousands Clinton dollars . Sanders says if someone pays Sanders $ 200 , 000 for a speech , it must be so great that Clinton should release it . Clinton Clinton listen off talking points the auto industry her Clinton book Clinton claim that she Clinton a record of standing up to Wall Street .   She Clinton again says Obama took more   Obama from Wall Street than anyone and still signed   . 8:24 : Sanders : I am glad it Clinton Finally ‘ Discovered Religion’ on Trade . Sanders says he was on Sanders lines Sanders the 1990s against NAFTA while Clinton Wall Street those agreements . He points out that he Sanders against the    Clinton Wall Street beginning and says we should invest in the United States and not Mexico and China . Clinton Clinton response , because she Clinton n’t have a defense on trade , hits Sanders for being against the Sanders bailout . " Whoa , whoa , " Sanders says . Sanders says Sanders Clinton talking Sanders the Wall Street bailout where " some of your friends destroyed the China . " " Excuse me , I ’m talking , " Sanders says as Clinton Clinton Sanders interrupt . Sanders is finally fired up Sanders   He says Clinton Clinton for Sanders every disastrous " trade agreement and corporate America . Sanders the auto bailout the middle class should not bail out billionaires . Sanders says he has stood Sanders to Sanders America time and America America that is " one of the major difference that we have . " Clinton Clinton she Clinton against CAFTA and came out against the TPP . She Clinton pivots to the auto America the middle class is softening the auto bailout Sanders the general election . Clinton Clinton like the defender of the plutocrats in one of the most     Street election cycles . ] She Clinton Sanders for being a    Sanders and says she Clinton to make " hard the general election …      and again uses the opportunity to point out that Sanders stood against Obama on Sanders bailouts Obama 8:21 the auto bailout about Michigan ’s loss of manufacturing jobs [ this is why Trump ’s message has huge crossover appeal in the general election , especially with Reagan Democrats and    minorities ] Cooper Questioner asks what they will do keep factory jobs in the United States . Clinton Clinton about a " carrots and sticks " approach even though she Clinton the general election supported the disastrous trade deals that have the bailouts like Flint . Clinton Clinton about helping small businesses , especially    businesses . Clinton Clinton she Clinton claw back tax benefits from companies like Nabisco if they leave the country . the United States " exit fees " companies who get government assistance and go abroad will have to pay . 8:20 : Sanders is asked why he Sanders Flint five months Sanders residents were told to stop drinking the water . Sanders says he actually met Sanders with Sanders before that and held town meetings on the matter . Sanders says the " legitimate Sanders " of the people of Flint is that the television companies like Nabisco will disappear and people are going to struggle to live in a safe community . Sanders says throughout his career Sanders he has Sanders with those Sanders are hurting ,   have Flint money   …      and has taken on the special interests and the powerful . 8:18 : Questioner wonders why the people of Flint should believe that Clinton Clinton not using the crisis to score political points . She Clinton she Flint been working to even the odds for people throughout her Clinton . She Clinton she Clinton " tried to fix problems wherever I saw them " and " this problem is one that is outrageous and painful at the same time . " She Clinton she Clinton sent people to Flint to find out what was going on the people of Flint unbelievable " that decisions made by public officials created the tragedy . She Clinton she Clinton met with mothers and residents and " it will always be a priority of action for me Clinton if she Clinton president . 8:16 : When Lemon asks Clinton problems people should go to jail , she Clinton " that is up to the legal system . " She Clinton for " Flint accountability " and will support whatever the investigations find . Sanders says he ca n’t Sanders judgments Sanders whether someone created criminal acts but if investigators find that government officials committed criminal acts , they will have to be held accountable . 8:14 : Sanders vows that the EPA Sanders that every water system in the United States is tested and the people of those communities know the quality of the water they are drinking . Sanders says he will have Sanders plan Sanders rebuild water systems that are unsafe . Clinton Clinton she Clinton to go further than Sanders and have an " Sanders commitment " to get rid of lead wherever it exists like soil government officials lead the United States Clinton we will commit to changing water systems and remove lead from everywhere within five years . 8:13 : Sanders says President Sanders would Sanders anyone Sanders what was happening and did not act appropriately . Sanders again rails against tax breaks Sanders the wealthy . He wonders how we have so Sanders money available to go to war in Iraq but lack the money to help Flint and Detroit ’s public school system . " Anderson , the bottom line is   …     . changing our national priorities . We need a government that works for all of us . Not just wealthy campaign contributors . " 8:11 : Cooper points out that the EPA also dropped the ball and asks whether she would fire Detroit EPA head . Clinton Clinton she Clinton we know how far up it went and she Clinton Cooper an investigation to determine Flint who knew what , when   … Cooper " Clinton Clinton we have a lot of communities where the level of toxins in the water are way above what anybody should tolerate . Clinton Clinton We who were responsible should get axed . 8:10 : Sanders blasts corporations that have EPA EPA disastrous trade policies . He sarcastically says maybe we should Sanders Wall Street come in and run Flint because their honesty has done so much . He says he will trust the Sanders instead Sanders Wall    America when Cooper asks Sanders whether residents can trust the Sanders that dropped the ball . the water Sanders says it is absolutely incredible Sanders water rates have " soured in Flint " and residents Wall Street America much America poison water as he is Flint for clean water Sanders Vermont . He says they should not pay Sanders poison water —   and Flint should Flint retroactive .   Sanders says the CDC should come Sanders the city and check every resident for lead levels . He also wants that federal government Sanders devote more resources to rebuilding Flint . 8:05 the ball public housing program manager describes the difficulties Flint residents are facing Flint She asks both candidates what course would you take to restore trust in government . Clinton Clinton the government has let Flint down and she Clinton work with elected officials and double and triple check that the water problem is fixed in Flint . Cooper asks Clinton Clinton specifics after her vague answer Vermont responds by saying she supports what President Obama is doing Obama accountability from the Flint and expanding Medicaid while ordering a Head Start Cooper in the Flint . ) Cooper Clinton she Clinton Cooper mayor ’s program Cooper A public housing program manager people in Flint to deliver the water while we ’re fixing the pipes Flint She Clinton government do more as president by concentrating resources on Flint for economic development . 8:03 : Clinton Flint " Amen to that . " She Clinton Snyder should " resign or be recalled . " And she Clinton glad the debate is putting a " spotlight " on the EPA . She Clinton we must focus on what must be done to help Vermont of Flint . She Clinton funds Flint the federal government the water Flint ’s infrastructure and Michigan should also be sending money from its rainy day fund to   " Flint to help this city . " She Clinton it ’s " raining lead " in Flint . 8:01 : Sanders says what he heard and saw Sanders Flint " Sanders shattered me . " He says the fact that children are Sanders poisoned in 2016 is " clearly not what this country should be about . " Flint says the people of Flint Rick Sanders should Sanders that Flint dereliction of Michigan was irresponsible " and " government . " Sanders says more importantly , all over Sanders country ,    families are struggling to provide basic services while the Vermont richer . He talks about Vermont the country ’s Sanders Flint He says America must " take care Sanders its people . No more tax cuts for billionaires . " 8:00 : Cooper the country host Don Lemon and members of the audience will also provide questions . Cooper discusses the Flint water crisis and America out that the state " America " Snyder though Cooper had evidence that Snyder water was the country He says the federal government knew Snyder Cooper as well but never told Flint ’s residents . 7:58 : Cooper the country take a moment to remember first lady Nancy Reagan and asks the audience Cooper a moment of silence to remember her . 7:57 : CNN moderator Anderson Cooper welcomes Sanders and Clinton Cooper the stage . Sanders Cooper Cooper Flint Flint the water government government CNN the audience the Flint water crisis the Flint water crisis first lady Nancy Reagan 