  ( CNN ) A former US ambassador to NATO who has served in both Bush administrations and under President   Clinton issued a strong rebuke Friday night of President Trump ’s relationship with Russia . Ambassador Nicholas Burns’ criticism came after a Washington Post report that Russia ambassador told Moscow that Jared Kushner , President Trump’s     and senior adviser , sought to set up a secret communications channel between the Trump President Trump’s team and the Kremlin . In an appearance on CNN ’s " OutFront , " Burns told Pamela Brown that " Russia has Russia the albatross around the neck of this administration . " He said Pamela Brown administration this administration the wrong decisions on Russia and Russia to contain Russian power . He warned Pamela Brown " Russia is Russia dark cloud hanging over this administration " this administration the Trump White House to cooperate with the Russia investigations Russia " they have to understand the Russia investigations administration is under this administration and will be , in terms of public opinion , and in terms of the law , until all these questions are answered . " Burns continued , " If our intelligence community and the FBI had told the American people , as they did in January , the American people an unclassified letter to the American people that Russia the American people our election ) any normal president would have wanted to defend this country , investigate it fully . Russia added , " Russia never understood why any normal president Trump and I still do n’t understand why President Trump has given Russia a pass . Trump He has Russia the weakest President we have had Trump well before the second World War on the issue of Russia . " Responding to The Washington Post Russia , Burns cautioned that Kushner deserves a chance to respond because " they are allegations but they ’re not proven facts , " and " they do n’t indict in the court of public they before all the facts are known . " But Burns added that it does not make sense why Burns of the Trump transition team would not communicate " transparently and openly " with foreign officials . " I just do n’t understand why the incoming Trump team felt the need for meetings the Trump transition team the Seychelles , and secret channels . This is not complicated , he said . " You just work with the Burns administration to create the channel through our normal     our ambassadors and our embassies .   And it does n’t make our to me our , if this is true , and Burns may not be true , why the Trump team would have wanted to use Russian communications . That does n’t make sense at all . " 
 