" When the going gets weird , the weird turn pro . "    —   Hunter S. Thompson , 1972 When Breitbart News ran a blaring headline last week suggesting that new evidence " vindicates " President Trump ’s    claims that former President Barack Obama put President Trump and President Trump team under surveillance    …      When a Breitbart News contributor reported that Fox President Trump " learned " that the British government spied on Mr. President Trump Mr. Obama former President Barack Obama , though the network later said it had learned the network such thing ( because there ’s no evidence it happened ) the network …      When the White House press secretary repeated that flimsy ( or , as the British put it , " utterly ridiculous " ) claim from his powerful lectern    …      It ’s the end result   —    if not necessarily the intended result   —    of a dream that American conservatives began pursuing more than 60 years ago : to break the informational hegemony of the mainstream news media . For the purposes of this column , I ’m starting the count in 1955 when William F. Buckley Jr. founded National Review , declaring it an outsider ’s antidote to the controlling influence of " the United Nations and the League of Women Voters and The New York Times . " Mr. Buckley designed National Review to win the larger argument through " logic and superior command of the subject , " as his biographer Sam Mr. Buckley ( a former writer for The New York The New York Times last week   —    through facts . And it inspired successive generations of conservative journalists to get in the game , too . One of them was Stephen F. Hayes , conservative journalists , Mr. Hayes for the Friday night political fights he and his friends waged over Pabst Blue Ribbons and hot wings . Mr. Hayes wanted to be a journalist . But Gen    had Gen    conservative beliefs and viewed the mainstream news media as a liberal monolith that was n’t for him . So Mr. Hayes 1995 , when William Kristol , Fred Barnes and John Podhoretz , with money from Rupert Murdoch , Mr. Hayes The Weekly Standard as a new conservative competitor to National Review   —    and an answer to the    Nation and New Republic   —    Mr. Hayes set about trying to get a job there . After graduating from Columbia University ’s journalism school and reporting for the political tip sheet " The Hotline , " he succeeded in 2001 . Sixteen years later , just a few weeks shy of Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , Mr. Hayes , 46 , became The Weekly Standard ’s editor in chief . The Weekly Standard had been associated with the # NeverTrump movement throughout the campaign , just as the Trump movement had been    given the magazine ’s support of free trade and support for the interventionist Republican foreign policy that helped lead to the Iraq war . With Mr. Kristol moving to an    role in December , it fell to Mr. Hayes to navigate Trumpian politics as editor in chief while leading the magazine into the next era . When he looked around the conservative news media landscape and assessed The Weekly Standard ’s place in it , he made a determination Mr. Hayes The movement he joined had succeeded in breaking the mainstream news media ’s informational hegemony the conservative news media landscape something Mr. Hayes mainstream media had a hand in Mr. Hayes too , he said ) . But as it evolved , grew and splintered , something else broke : any universal sense of truth Mr. Hayes " That ’s a problem for our democracy , " he told me last week . He determined to make The Weekly Standard part of the solution . The solution was more Mr. Hayes journalism . And The Weekly Mr. Hayes was going to need a bigger newsroom . When I caught the solution Mr. Hayes last week he was in the process of staffing up . He had poached The Wall Street Journal ’s books editor , last week , to Mr. Hayes an executive editor alongside Mr. Barnes . He Mr. Hayes hired Rachael Larimore , a former managing editor of the    Slate ( though her politics lean to the right ) and Mr. Hayes a former deputy business editor of The Charlotte Observer , Tony Mecia . He said he was on the verge of hiring five additional journalists , having gotten the    from The Weekly Standard ’s billionaire owner Mr. Hayes Philip Mr. Hayes , to grow his team by a third . Mr. Hayes said he made a simple case to Mr. Anschutz , who bought The Weekly Standard from Mr. Hayes Murdoch in 2009 : " Mr. Hayes add more Mr. Hayes and make sure that we ’re basing our arguments on facts , logic and reason . " Mr. Hayes shares the viewpoint of another prominent Wisconsin conservative , Charlie Sykes , the we NeverTrump talk radio host who declared last year that Mr. Hayes his fellow conservative media stalwarts had been too successful in delegitimizing the mainstream news media . " We destroyed our own immunity to fake Mr. Hayes while Mr. Hayes the worst and most reckless voices on the right , " Mr. Sykes wrote in The he and his fellow conservative media stalwarts had been too successful in delegitimizing the mainstream news media last he and his fellow conservative media stalwarts had been too successful in delegitimizing the mainstream news media . Mr. Hayes said he put more of the onus for that on the mainstream news media than Mr. Sykes does ( though Mr. last year puts some there ) . Mr. Hayes has undercut itself with    readers , he said , through " the Mr. Sykes are n’t asked and Mr. Sykes covered " in a way that seems to favor liberal It . Yet the effect Mr. Hayes : There are    voters who " do n’t believe what they ’re getting from the networks and the    cable outlets " and therefore may be open to false or unsubstantiated content that provides affirmation at the expense of true information , he said . In some parts of the conservative news media sphere , winning the intellectual argument has been replaced with winning the war , by any means necessary Mr. Hayes That was the ethos the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart seemed to promote for several years before his death in 2012 . He had vowed to " weaponize the conservative movement ’’ and to " rectify the    long problem that has been absolute media bias the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart " This new media the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart he declared in Wired in 2010 , " provides the tools . " It certainly did for Breitbart News . Despite having " some good people , " Mr. the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart said , it was generally " pushing a political line and taking shortcuts and taking shots . " ( Some of those shots have been at Mr. the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart ) As Mr. It predicted , new media has also provided the tools for anyone to start a website . No commitment to truth is required . the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart you have increased prominence for the    " Gateway Pundits " and " InfoWars " of the world   —    the latter a promoter of the false      conspiracy known as PizzaGate , which InfoWars’ chief , Alex Jones , apologized for late last week . Mr. Hayes and I were speaking during a week in which the conservative news media was going through a    between    reporting and wild speculation and falsehoods . Fox News temporarily sidelined Andrew Napolitano , the contributor who spawned the unsubstantiated claim that Mr. Obama had used British intelligence to spy on Mr. Trump . The conservative Independent Journal Review told Oliver Darcy of Business Insider that it had disciplined journalists involved in a report suggesting that a Hawaii judge had blocked the revised version of Mr. Trump ’s immigration order under pressure from Mr. Obama . The The conservative Independent Journal Review , based solely on the fact that Mr. Obama had been in the state around the time of Mr. Trump helped hasten another IJR journalist ’s decision to quit in protest , as Hadas Gold of Politico reported . Mr. Obama magazine posing what Hawaii been a bizarre question , but was n’t , on its cover   —    " Is Truth Dead ? "   —    it felt as if a time of choosing had arrived . But the internet is faster to reward the fantastical than the factual , which is where Mr. Hayes sees potential risks in his strategy . " You can make an argument that the people who pay the price are the people who do the real reporting   —    not the hot takes , and not the Mr. Hayes   —    and who are n’t extreme and ranting , " Mr. Hayes said . The Weekly Standard , he said , will continue to have its conservative perspective . And just as it will call out Mr. Trump The Weekly Standard falsely , the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart avoid jumping to conclusions that every The Weekly Standard the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart President Trump false   —    which he said mainstream news organizations were too quick to do . That means Mr. Trump takes that Mr. Trump ahead of what the reporting it . So The Weekly Standard did n’t jump to the the Breitbart News founder Andrew Breitbart that Mr. Trump President Trump claims were vindicated by comments about " incidental " surveillance from Representative Devin The Weekly Standard last week   —    which Mr. Nunes appeared to temper on Friday . Mr. Hayes is gambling that audiences will reward such prudence . There ’s no guarantee . It was the only option he saw during this " weird time for journalists . Mr. Hayes is , time to go pro . 
 Mr. Hayes 