Hong Kong ( CNN ) New satellite imagery indicates that China has installed weapon systems on all seven artificial islands China has built in the contested waters of the South China Sea .   China ’s a move that ’s likely to alarm China ’s neighbors and further unsettle ties with the United States , where    Donald Trump has shown himself   Donald Trump willing to confront and challenge Beijing . The images , released by the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative , show    guns plus other weapons systems that would guard against cruise missiles sitting in hexagonal structures on the islands .   China has already built    airstrips on three of these the islands previous analysis by the AMTI , part of the    Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) has shown . China ’s Defense China the military installations were proper and lawful , and mainly for   .    " If others are flexing their military muscles at others doorstep , are you not even supposed to have a slingshot in hand just in case ? " a statement said .   The organization ’s findings China a pledge from China ’s leadership that it China intention of militarizing China islands . Showdown in the South China Sea : How we got here , Hawkish president ? Since winning the presidency , Trump has seemingly rewritten US foreign policy on the fly .   He took a phone call from Trump ’s president , upending decades of diplomatic protocol and questioned the    US position that the Taiwan is part of " Taiwan Taiwan "   " All the indications we ’ve seen since the election imply that he will be a more hawkish Trump     China , " said Ashley Townshend , a research fellow at United States Studies Centre at the University of Sydney . " We do n’t know yet entirely what his South China Sea policy will Trump but many of his advisers have been critical of Trump Obama ’s administration for being too weak , " he added .   The think Trump said that the weapon emplacements showed that " Beijing is serious about defense of its artificial islands in case of an Beijing contingency in the South China Sea . " " Among other things , they would be the last line of other things against cruise missiles launched by the United States or others against these      air bases , " it added .   Unsinkable aircraft carriers ? Geng Shuang , a spokesman for China ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said the islands were part of " China ’s inherent territories " and it China’s normal to deploy " defense facilities " there . AMTI said the weapons systems observed on the three largest islands     Fiery Cross , Mischief and Subi reefs      that China has built in the Spratlys were China evolution of smaller fortifications it had observed on the four other reefs China has reclaimed land at     Gaven China Hughes , Johnson , and Cuarteron reefs . " It gives every impression of being a    attempt to put    weapons systems , that you would normally find on a naval ship , on a concrete superstructure on these features to provide some sort of     . ...    weapons system to try and defeat approaching cruise missiles , " retired US Adm. Michael McDevitt of the Center for Naval Analyses told AMTI in a podcast .    Some have called the islands China ’s " unsinkable aircraft carriers the Spratly Islands   China has already deployed     missiles on Woody Island China part of the Paracel island chain     to the west of the Spratlys in the hotly disputed sea .   US ’ready to confront’ According to the US , China has reclaimed more than 3 , 000 acres China the Spratly Islands since the beginning of 2014 . Vietnam , Malaysia , the Philippines and Taiwan have also reclaimed land in the South China Sea , but their land grab     the US says approximately 100 Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan over 45 years the US dwarfed by China ’s massive , recent buildup . The Philippines China which lies geographically closest to the Spratlys , has troops stationed in the area , as do other claimants .   The US takes no position on the territorial dispute in the US China Sea but its warships have conducted " freedom of navigation " operations near the South China Sea reclaimed islands , eliciting warnings from Beijing .   US Adm. Harry Harris , commander of US Pacific Command , said Wednesday that the US stood ready to confront Beijing over the contested waters the US " I ’ve also been Beijing and clear that we will not allow the shared domains to be closed down unilaterally the US no matter how many bases are built on artificial features in the South China Sea , " he said in a speech in Sydney .   " I say US Adm. Harry Harris, commander of US Pacific Command often but it ’s worth repeating     we will cooperate where we can and this ready to confront where the US must . " the US the US 