The establishment media wo n’t tell you this Tuesday , but the Republican Party civil war is over and the establishment lost . Both of the remaining    Trump and Cruz , are outsiders , and the insider , Marco Rubio is history . [ Meagan Kelly , call your agent . Your lame horse can not finish the race .   When Jeb Bush left the race last week after two humiliating      finishes in New Hampshire and South Carolina , the open borders wing of the Republican Party establishment all ran to the Marco Rubio lifeboat . In their haste , they did their notice the Marco Rubio the Rubio lifeboat so sad ! —   had gaping holes in it . What the establishment media will not tell you after the Marco Rubio campaign follows Bush , Kasich , Christie , and ten others into the history books is that all of them had one thing in Bush, Kasich, Christie, and ten others : none of them offered a bold or Bush, Kasich, Christie, and ten others program for ending our nation ’s catastrophic    experiment with open borders . Only Trump and Cruz have done that , and only they have survived the Only Trump and Cruz Only Trump and Cruz voter anger . " Have you noticed how quickly the media rallied around " voter anger " as the explanation for the    mood of the 2016 electorate ? The genius of this label is that it allows the pundits from answering this label obvious question —   why are people so angry ? It suggests that voters rejecting establishment this label are behaving like children throwing a temper tantrum . No . That ’s not what is happening . Sovereign citizens are waking up and saying , " Enough , already ! " But Marco Rubio did n’t get that memo or did n’t read it . Rubio has been too that memo concocting Marco Rubio one more smokescreen defense of his 2013    and steadfast support Marco Rubio the infamous " Gang of Eight " Senate amnesty plan . In fact , even today , three years later , he has not yet fully repudiated Marco Rubio . Rubio ’s latest explanation that memo why Marco Rubio amnesty bill failed , offered in the debate before the South Carolina primary , is that after it passed the Senate , " the 2013 amnesty bill refused to take it up . " Duh ! The Gang of Eight bill passed the Senate with a majority of Republican the Senate AGAINST the bill   —    an embarrassing fact hardly reported by the media . It was NEVER a Republican immigration reform plan it was a Democrat open borders plan that It was suckered into supporting . Facing a broad grassroots rebellion over the Gang of Eight amnesty bill , the Republican leadership in the House was smart enough to bury the dead skunk in the back yard . They began talking about immigration reform as a the Republican leadership in the House of " small bills , " but certain Democrat rejection in the Senate blocked meaningful action Democrat Yet , Rubio ’s stupid support of the Democrats’ Gang of Eight bill had been tattooed on his forehead , and he never had the the Democrats’ Gang of Eight bill removed . In the Democrats’ Gang of Eight bill , Rubio , like other Republican establishment candidates , Rubio clings to its main , devious feature —   amnesty now , enforcement later . And THAT , my friends , is the main reason Republican voters are angry —   not just at Rubio but at all establishment candidates . Two Rubio after Republicans won control of both houses of Congress , they have yet to send Obama a Republican Two years after Republicans won control of both houses of Congress for securing the borders and have instead continued to fund the existing open borders status quo . And that is why the two " last man standing " contenders are two outspoken critics of open borders , not the establishment apologists for national suicide . After Bush ’s crash and burn , Rubio became the establishment ’s lifeboat to survive the populist tsunami . Ooops . It ’s now time for Plan B   Ooops    or actually , it is now " Plan X. " Plan Ooops calls for    Donald Trump : the establishment hopes he can become a Trojan Horse . Once   Donald Trump the gates , he can reveal himself as the " "   Donald Trump can "   Donald Trump across the aisle " to " get things done . " In their fanciful fantasy , now being crafted by turnaround exerts , Trump can engage in symbolic acts to please   Donald Trump troops while expanding legal immigration , legal guest worker programs , and foreign aid to Mexico . The really good news is , Republican voters now have a real choice between two " outsiders . " In the next four months they will decide which one is the best Republican voters for reversing the course of a ship of state heading toward bankruptcy and cultural suicide . Marco Rubio will not be one of those two candidates . Ted Cruz is hated by the Washington establishment of both parties because he actually has a record to prove his Ted Cruz principles . He fought on the Ted Cruz floor for conservative Ted Cruz , and they hate him for that —    for both parties of Ted Cruz , for secure borders , for defunding Obama ’s unconstitutional executive orders . The other candidate riding the " tsunami of populist anger " is , we all know , Donald Trump . Both candidates have tapped into the public anger , but they did not create it —    the Both candidates did by its the public anger policies . Whatever the outcome of the establishment contest , Americans are guaranteed of having a clear choice in November . That is new , and that is progress . 
 