Donald Trump is boycotting Thursday ’s final    GOP debate . And every Republican candidate should . Fox News is treating Donald Trump worse than any liberal media outlet would —   worse , even than John Harwood and CNBC . [ Last week , moderator Megan Kelly convened a special panel of    writers from National Review to mark the launch of their attack on Donald Trump . This week , Fox News prepared for the debate by inviting a Muslim activist who has criticized Donald Trump to be one of three YouTube personalities to question the candidates . And on Tuesday , as Donald Trump considered whether to participate in the debate , Fox News issued a petulant , snarky press statement mocking Fox News :   We learned from a secret back channel that the Ayatollah and Putin both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet the Ayatollah and Putin both him Donald Trump he Donald Trump president   —    a nefarious source tells us that We Donald Trump his Donald Trump secret plan to replace the Cabinet with his Donald Trump followers to see if he Donald Trump even go to those meetings . No candidate should agree to participate under those conditions . Indeed , the other GOP candidates —   including Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) who led the charge against Harwood —   should be standing with Trump against Fox Donald Trump on principle , instead of attacking him Donald Trump And conservatives who are mocking Trump should Trump in the mirror and ask themselves whether conservatives who are mocking Trump are conservatives who are mocking Trump a different standard to    Fox News than they do conservatives who are mocking Trump the mainstream media . Fox Donald Trump behavior after Trump ’s withdrawal vindicates his decision behavior The network   Fox News statement that attacked Trump politically —   " We ’re not   Fox News how Iowans are going to feel about him Donald Trump away from them at the Iowans minute " —   and accused him Donald Trump " terrorizations . " Kelly followed up with radical leftist filmmaker Michael Moore on her program for Kelly the Washington Post called a " televised " where Moore defended her radical leftist filmmaker Michael Moore on her program Trump Kelly How Trump would it have been for Fox News simply to issue a statement expressing disappointment and reiterating that the debate would proceed as planned ? Instead , Fox Donald Trump aside neutrality and integrity to join the political fray . Indeed , Politico is openly wondering whether Trump walked into Trump News’ " trap . " No news network should try to " trap " a presidential candidate , but that is what Fox News appears Fox News done to Trump , damning Trump either way Trump Every candidate should expect difficult questions , and no presidential candidate has the right to dictate to networks which journalists should be allowed to ask them . If it journalists just a matter of Trump ducking Kelly Trump tough questions , he would deserve Trump be criticized . After all , as Trump himself once Trump , debating takes courage Kelly The nation already has one president who thinks he can bully the Trump , and Fox News in particular . It does not need another . But Fox News’ behavior towards Trump is the kind Trump bias viewers have turned to Fox to avoid . We Fox not tolerate it from NBC or CNN —   and we should not tolerate it We Fox News sinks it — Fox News below —   their level . 
 