The sexual harassment scandal that engulfed Fox News last year and led to the ouster of Fox News chairman , Roger Ailes , continued to batter the network on Monday , as a new lawsuit described unwanted sexual advances by Mr. Ailes and two major advertisers pulled a new lawsuit described unwanted sexual advances by Mr. Ailes and two major advertisers spots from the show of Fox News    host , Bill O’Reilly .    and Hyundai said Hyundai were withdrawing Hyundai ads from Mr. O’Reilly ’s    show , " The O’Reilly Factor , " after The New York Times published an investigation this weekend that found five women who made allegations of sexual harassment or inappropriate behavior against Mr. O’Reilly’s    . five women who made allegations of sexual harassment or inappropriate behavior against him received settlements totaling about $ 13 million , The New York Times The New York Times . Together , the developments portray a network buffeted by allegations on multiple fronts , even as it draws record the developments with programming supportive of President Trump . Staff members remain anxious , some said on Monday , over questions about its workplace culture Monday its priorities . Monday more advertisers abandon Mr. O’Reilly ’s show , it will be a blow to Fox News , which provides billions of dollars in revenue each year to its parent company it 21st Century Fox . Mr. O’Reilly has long been the pugnacious face of a    lineup that sets the tone for conservative commentary . His show attracts Mr. O’Reilly million viewers a night , and from 2014 through 2016 it generated more than show 446 million in advertising revenue , according to the research firm Kantar Media . " Given the importance of women in every aspect of our business , we do n’t feel our is a good environment in which to advertise our products right now our " Donna Boland , the manager of corporate communications for    wrote in an email .    has spent an    $ 1 . 9 million in ads on " The O’Reilly Factor " in the last year , according to iSpot . tv , the TV ad analytics firm . Hyundai cited " the recent and disturbing allegations " in announcing that it was removing its Hyundai from Mr. Hyundai ’s show . " We had upcoming advertising spots on the show , but Mr. O’Reilly’s show them , " Hyundai said in an Hyundai statement . " As a company , we seek to partner Hyundai companies and programming that share our values of inclusion Hyundai diversity , " the statement said . " an emailed statement continue to Hyundai and evaluate the situation as we plan future advertising Hyundai . " Despite Mr. O’Reilly ’s history of settlements and the series of allegations against him , the company has extended Mr. O’Reilly , which was set to Mr. O’Reilly this year , according to people familiar with the matter . Mr. O’Reilly makes about $ 18 million Mr. O’Reilly . When the company extended the contract Hyundai knew of multiple settlements that Hyundai been reached with women who had complained about his behavior . The company says it has discussed Mr. O’Reilly with Mr. Hyundai . It believes his new contract gives it Mr. O’Reilly over him regarding his the contract to two people familiar with Mr. O’Reilly matter Mr. O’Reilly Mr. O’Reilly has said that the allegations are without merit . Mr. O’Reilly not address the controversy on his show Monday night . Mr. O’Reilly on Monday , Julie Roginsky , Mr. O’Reilly current Fox News contributor , filed a lawsuit against Mr. Ailes , Fox News and Bill Shine , the network ’s    asserting that she faced Fox News rebuffing Mr. Ailes ’s sexual advances and for refusing to disparage    Carlson Mr. O’Reilly Fox News host who sued Mr. Ailes last summer . And a former regular guest on Mr. Fox News program , Wendy Walsh , who had recounted her allegations against him to The Times , held a news conference with her lawyer to discuss those    and to Mr. Ailes for an independent inquiry into sexual harassment at the    . Also , the United States attorney ’s office in Manhattan is investigating Fox News , including how it structured settlements . On Monday , Fox News moved to contain the fallout from the weekend ’s the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan , urging its employees in an Fox News to report inappropriate behavior to the human resources department or other network executives Fox News " Particularly in light of some of the accounts published over the last few days , I wanted to    the message we have been conveying at our training sessions for several months , " said Kevin Lord , the network ’s new head of human we , who was hired in the aftermath of the Ailes scandal . Irena Briganti , a Fox News spokeswoman , declined to comment on advertising decisions , Ms. Roginsky ’s lawsuit or Ms. Walsh ’s news conference . Ms. Walsh , speaking in Los Angeles , repeated the account she provided to The Times . She said Ms. Walsh O’Reilly did not follow through on a verbal offer to Ms. Walsh her a contributor to his Ms. Walsh after she declined an invitation to go to his hotel suite after a 2013 Ms. Walsh in Los Angeles Mr. O’Reilly was arranged Ms. Walsh his secretary . She has not Mr. O’Reilly a settlement and said she does not Los Angeles money . She did not Mr. O’Reilly her Ms. Walsh to Fox News at the time , Ms. Walsh said , because she did not Ms. Walsh to jeopardize her Ms. Walsh prospects . " Other women who are under Ms. Walsh orders , who Ms. Walsh not talk , they have Ms. Walsh silenced , " Ms. Walsh said while seated next to her lawyer , Lisa Bloom . " I Other women who are under gag orders, who cannot talk to be the voice Ms. Walsh . " Ms. Walsh is recounting Ms. Walsh experiences publicly despite receiving a warning on Saturday from Mr. O’Reilly ’s lawyer , Other women who are under gag orders, who cannot talk S. Ms. Walsh demanding that she Ms. Walsh the statements she made to The Times . The letter , obtained by The Times , said that her assertions Ms. Walsh " patently false Ms. Walsh highly defamatory " and said to " cease and desist all The Times Mr. O’Reilly Ms. Walsh character . " " Your segment was a failure , " Mr. Newman wrote . " That is established as Mr. O’Reilly’s undisputable fact in the     analysis of your segment , which showed that the segment was unsuccessful . " Fox News ’s troubles continued when Ms. Roginsky filed her suit in New York State Supreme Court . The Your segment the complaints that other women have made about Mr. Ailes and the culture at Ms. Roginsky network , where women have said they faced her suit feared reporting it . Ms. Roginsky ’s lawyer is Nancy Erika Smith , the same lawyer who represented Ms. Carlson , who received women $ 20 million settlement after leaving Ms. Roginsky Ms. Roginsky , who has been a paid contributor on Fox News since 2011 , stated in her complaint that Mr. Ailes made sexist comments and unwanted sexual advances toward her during     meetings in his office , including requiring that she " bend down Ms. Roginsky kiss him hello " when he sat in a low armchair and Ms. Roginsky her that they would get Mr. Ailes " so much trouble Ms. Roginsky if he took her " out Mr. Ailes a drink . Mr. Ailes Mr. Ailes also would tell her Ms. Roginsky she should " engage in sexual relationships with ‘ older , married Mr. Ailes Ms. Roginsky men,’ " the suit stated . Ms. Roginsky asserted in the suit Ms. Roginsky she Ms. Roginsky retaliation for refusing Mr. Ailes ’s advances . She said that she was denied a permanent position as a Ms. Roginsky the program " The the suit Ms. Roginsky was rarely allowed to host Mr. Ailes on Ms. Roginsky show " Ms. Roginsky , " unlike other panelists . She also stated that she was punished for not joining " Team Roger " when Ms. Roginsky Carlson filed suit last summer   —    a reference , presumably , Ms. Roginsky a group of Ms. Roginsky News employees who publicly supported Mr. Ailes . Susan R. Estrich , a lawyer for Mr. Ailes , said that he " vociferously denies " the allegations in Ms. Roginsky ’s suit . She called the assertions " hogwash " and said that the suit was a " copycat complaint . " " Ms. Estrich version she wants people to believe now , " Ms. Estrich said Ms. Roginsky a statement . The developments raised new questions about Ms. Estrich Mr. Ailes Fox News that was started after allegations about Ms. Roginsky Ailes first became public . In the suit , Ms. Roginsky also Ms. Roginsky that Fox News her complaints in a meeting with Mr. Shine and another top network executive during Mr. Ailes in November , months after Mr. Ailes Ms. Roginsky in July . 
 Ms. Roginsky Ms. Roginsky Mr. Ailes Ms. Estrich 