  ( CNN ) Texas lawmakers are poised to vote on a bill that would allow adoption agencies to turn away potential parents Texas lawmakers find objectionable on religious grounds .   Opponents say the proposed law would allow    agencies to discriminate against potential parents who are gay , single or of a religion that members of the adoption agency find objectionable .   a bill that would allow adoption agencies to turn away potential parents they find objectionable on religious grounds ’s author insists it a bill that would allow adoption agencies to turn away potential parents they find objectionable on religious grounds off any potential discrimination by mandating that alternatives be made available for potential parents who are rejected by    providers . Called the " Freedom to Serve Children Act , " Texas’ House Bill 3859 extends religious liberty protections to providers within Texas’ child welfare system , allowing them providers within Texas’ child welfare system decline services to individuals based on " the provider ’s sincerely held religious beliefs . " The vote on the bill was originally planned for Saturday but has been rescheduled for Monday . The the bill includes provisions that let adoption and foster care agencies refuse to provide or facilitate abortion services and contraception to teens under their care . contraception welfare providers can also require children under their care to Child welfare providers a religious education , including putting them in religious children . " HB 3859 would allow child welfare service providers that contract with the state to use taxpayer money to discriminate against LGBT individuals and families in foster care , adoption and other services , " ACLU of Texas said in a statement on its website . ACLU of Texas It ’s about as limiting a bill as we have seen CNN " Terri Burke , Burke " You say you have a sincerely held religious belief and you are a private adoption agency or private entity that helps place foster children      you can say you will not place that child with gay parents . ... If I ’m Catholic I can say I do n’t want any Baptists to raise the child , " Burke said . But the bill ’s that child James Frank , says new protections are needed for the 25 % of state child welfare providers that are faith based . A statement about the bill provided to CNN by Frank ’s office says that " HB 3859 protects the rights of the Rep. James Frank to exercise their religious mission to serve others without fear of retaliation . " Frank argues the   organizations , without legal protection , those organizations may shut down child Rep. James Frank services entirely and thereby worsen the " the   organizations of foster homes " in Texas . The bill also includes a " secondary services " provision that " specifically requires the legal protection, those organizations may shut down child welfare services entirely and thereby worsen the "critical shortage of foster homes" in Texas ensure that alternate providers are available to offer any services that a    provider declines to provide due to religious conflicts , " according to his office ’s statement . Texas " emboldened " by President Trump , The ACLU said HB 3859 is one of Texas bills filed in Texas legislature this session that " would allow government officials , private individuals and businesses to Texas against LGBT people in virtually all aspects of their lives . " Burke said proposed laws like HB 3859 show that Texas Republicans     LGBT people control both the state legislature and the governor ’s mansion     have Texas become more emboldened " since the election of President Trump . Last week , Trump signed an executive order meant to allow churches and other religious organizations to become more President Trump politically , though the actual implications of his order appear to be limited . " The executive order Trump signed had no teeth President Trump it . But these bills working their his order are real and they are going to do his order damage to real people , these bills Burke said . Several other states have passed these bills liberty bills . South Dakota approved a President Trump bill last March that protects    adotpion agencies that refuse to place children with couples on religious grounds . 
 