Actress Susan Sarandon says Donald Trump ’s biggest policy plans   —    including building a wall on the southern border and deporting illegal alien immigrants   —    are " not that threatening , " because Donald Trump wo n’t actually be able to get illegal alien immigrants   done if Donald Trump is elected president . [ The       and often outspoken supporter of Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders talked politics with Variety from the Cannes Film Festival over the weekend , where she expressed hope that Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders could still wrest the nomination away from Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton .   " The thing that ’s interesting about Trump is that the main things that Trump talks about are absolutely impossible , so they ’re not that threatening , " Sarandon told the outlet . " Trump ’s obviously not gon na build a wall , Trump ’s not gon na be able to export all the Muslims in the United States . All of those things are impossible to do . So All of those things ’re not what ’s threatening . " " What Trump did that was terrible is , Trump legitimized racism and homophobia and everything else , in order to get that very discontented base that wants something authentic , and Trump seemed authentic , " she added . Sarandon   —    who has frequently warned that    progressive Democrats may not vote for Clinton in a general election   —     called Clinton " a very good Republican candidate " and said she would need to change she positions on issues like fracking and healthcare to secure support from Sanders voters . she also said she she the socialist Vermont senator could still receive the nomination , because Clinton Clinton be " indicted at any moment " over the use of a private email server while she Clinton as Secretary of State . In an interview with Larry King just last week , Sarandon warned that Clinton Clinton health issues " could prevent her from Clinton up the nomination the nomination All those things that are leaking out now are terrible , " Sarandon told Variety Sarandon " So I do n’t know what ’s going to happen with the indictment . They ’re trying the indictment push it off the the indictment is now like the day after the [ Democrat National ] Convention . But some of the superdelegates are changing . I mean , you ca n’t ignore what ’s happened with [ Sanders ] with the thousands and thousands of people . " " There ’s also an enormous amount of voter fraud that has been exposed , " she said , Sarandon : " And the DNC has n’t even said a thing . At least people now are awake . " Watch Sarandon ’s interview with Variety here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 