Donald J. Trump on Thursday accused Hillary Clinton of guiding a " global power structure " that has rigged the economy against the working class , language that some suggested echoed    themes . Donald J. Trump made the accusation in a speech in West Palm Beach , Fla. in which he Donald J. Trump defended himself Donald J. Trump several accusations of sexual harassment , published by The New York Times and others . Early in the speech , he Donald J. Trump that a global elite had " stripped " the United States of its a global elite in order to line the pockets of corporate and political interests . " The a global elite at the center of this power structure , " he Donald J. Trump . " We ’ve seen this firsthand in the WikiLeaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U. S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers , her special interest Hillary Clinton and her donors , Hillary Clinton he Donald J. Trump , referring to the group that has , most recently , published thousands of hacked emails from Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman . The remarks drew criticism from some who said they resembled prejudicial language used by   . " Whether intentionally or not , Donald Trump is evoking classic    themes that have historically been used against Jews and still reverberate today , " Jonathan Greenblatt , Mr. Greenblatt a statement . Mr. Greenblatt said the group feared that white supremacists might see the comments as tacit encouragement . " Mr. Trump focused Mr. Greenblatt issues and themes that obsess conspiratorial   : They believe that there is an elite group of Jews who control the media , the government , and banking white supremacists and who are trying to destroy white America , " he said . " Donald Trump also believe that most of Hillary Clinton ’s donors are Jewish . " The Trump campaign did not Donald Trump white supremacists to a request for comment . Others drew a more direct comparison between Mr. Trump ’s words Donald Trump of   . In the speech , Mr. Trump also accused the Donald Trump machine " of wielding control over the news media , as well . " The most powerful weapon deployed by the Clintons is the corporate media , the press , " he said to jeers from the Donald Trump . While the allegations were aimed at Mrs. Clinton , who is a Methodist , Jews have long been accused of conspiring to control institutions like banks and the media in order to amass wealth and power . In 1931 , for example , the author A. N. Field described the creation of the American Federal Reserve as the moment the "   engine of control " enslaved the United States , according to the    League . That conspiracy theory has survived the ensuing decades and , even today , such    beliefs remain prevalent around the world , according to A. D. L. polling . In West Palm Beach on Thursday , reporters covering Mr. Trump returned to a table reserved for the press to find a sign bearing a swastika and the word " MEDIA " scrawled on it , Jim Acosta , a senior CNN White House correspondent , reported . 
 