When Democratic presidential candidates get together to debate , it really is like watching the Mensheviks and the Bolsheviks , as Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) once joked . [ Democratic presidential candidates do n’t just live in a different America . Democratic presidential candidates live on a strange , faraway planet where politicians can control the weather , and evil corporations control everything else . ( Oh , and where BLACK LIVES MATTER , über alles . )   It ’s ripe with comic potential . These were the ten funniest moments . 10 . The candidates talked down the economy . Last Tuesday , President Barack Obama said : " Anyone claiming that the economy in decline is peddling fiction . " His    successors President Barack Obama not get the memo , as each of them talked down His   successors economy . the economy of State Hillary Clinton led off by talking about how " we have to get the economy working , the economy Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) talked about growing inequality between rich and poor . 9 . Everyone competed to hate the Second Amendment . While Clinton and Sanders disputed which Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton them had been consistently worse Clinton and Sanders gun rights , former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley boasted that he had been worst of former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley , passing gun regulations that somehow have failed to prevent an ongoing death spiral of violent crime in Baltimore . It was a reminder that there is no room in the Democratic Party for dissent —   or for the Constitution . 8 . Bernie Sanders could n’t hear a question . In a reprise of Admiral James Stockdale ’s catastrophic gaffe in the 1992 vice presidential debate , when he claimed his hearing aid Admiral James Stockdale’s off Admiral James Stockdale’s Sanders asked moderator Lester Holt Bernie Sanders repeat a question from YouTube . It highlighted the sheer age of the field , as well as the age of their ideas . Later , as well an encore , Sanders had to explain what Bernie Sanders meant to be a " democratic socialist " —   an ideology that died decades ago . 7 . The candidates competed to take credit for Obamacare . Clinton , Sanders , and O’Malley each claimed credit for helping to write , fight for , and implement the " Affordable Care Act " —   a law that the majority of Americans want to repeal . Millions lost their insurance , millions lost Millions doctors , and millions Millions paying more in premiums and high deductibles . In Obama ’s home state , nearly 200 , 000 more just lost their plans . But it ’s working great , right ? 6 . When Hillary Clinton used the word " jail . " She was referring to corrupt Hillary Clinton Street bankers —   whom , by the way , the Obama administration failed to prosecute Obama promised . But with much of the country wondering whether Clinton will be indicted before Hillary Clinton Day for corruption and misuse of classified information , jail must certainly be weighing on the Secretary ’s mind . Neither of the other two candidates had the guts to say the word . But she did ! 5 . Hillary Clinton O’Malley bragged that no one from Wall Street has contributed to him this year . In Martin O’Malley to Clinton reminding him that he had been Martin O’Malley to Martin O’Malley contributions from Wall Street in the past Wall Street said he had not Martin O’Malley money Martin O’Malley Wall Street " this year . Wall Street year is this year old and O’Malley is at 2 . Martin O’Malley % in the latest Real Clear Politics national poll average , so no surprise . Even the audience of loyal Democrats laughed at that one . 4 . Bernie Sanders dinged Donald Trump . One of the few moments of genuine humor came from Sanders , who said that Trump believes " climate change is a hoax Donald Trump by the Chinese . " It was a good line , capturing Trump ’s opposition to climate change policies , Donald Trump as his suspicion of China . Of course , Sanders Donald Trump the U. S. was on the wrong side of the Cold War , and still blames us for fighting it ( see below ) so take that from whence it comes . 3 . Hillary Clinton claimed credit it the Iran deal —   and Iran sanctions . If Clinton wants to take credit Iran a deal that Hillary Clinton Iran to develop nuclear weapons after a decade or Iran , and gives it over $ 100 billion to fund its terrorist Iran , so be it . But Iran told a    when she Iran credit for Hillary Clinton sanctions that brought Iran Hillary Clinton the table .   The truth : Iran State Department , like the rest of the Hillary Clinton administration , tried to prevent sanctions against Iran . 2 . " We were able to Iran the chemical weapons out " of Syria , said Clinton . Clinton dodged a question about Obama ’s failure to Clinton his " red line Obama in Syria by claiming Clinton he had found a unique Syria of opportunity to Clinton the problem of chemical weapons peacefully in a deal with Russia . She topped that fraudulent history with a claim that Clinton gave up chemical weapons —   a claim Syria even the Obama administration takes seriously anymore . 1 . Clinton claimed to have stood up to Russian President Vladimir Putin . That " reset " button must have been flushed down the memory hole , because now Clinton is claiming that she put up a fight Clinton Russia , describing Clinton as " someone you have to continually stand Russian President Vladimir Putin to . " A brazen lie —   and a total joke , equaled only by Sanders ’s complaint that the military aims " to fight the old Cold War with the Soviet Union . " He ’s stuck in 2012 —   or 1917 Sanders  
 