Hillary Clinton issued a statement that Hillary Clinton " regrets " saying half of Donald Trump supporters are " deplorable "   —    but Hillary Clinton stopped short of apologizing for Hillary Clinton comment . [ " Last night I was ‘ grossly generalistic,’ and that ’s never a good idea . I regret saying ‘ half’   —    that was wrong , " Hillary Clinton said in a lengthy statement . But Hillary Clinton added , " I wo n’t stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign . "   " I wo n’t stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign . "   —   Hillary pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) September 10 , 2016 ,   Speaking at a fundraiser in New York City on Friday , Hillary Clinton declared , " You know to just be grossly generalistic , you could put half of Trump ’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables , " Hillary Clinton added : "   …     the racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic , you name it . " Following Hillary Clinton comment , the Democratic nominee has faced backlash on Twitter , with # BasketofDeplorables being the top trending hashtag for hours . Hillary Clinton statement of regret comes after Hillary Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill tried to clarify Hillary Clinton comments earlier on Saturday and after Trump ’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway called for an apology . Nick her spokesman Nick Merrill it ’s simply untrue . Come to an event talk to real people who are n’t donors . Or better : have Hillary apologize https :   .    —    Kellyanne Conway ( @KellyannePolls ) September 10 , 2016 ,   Trump Trump’s posted on Twitter in response to Clinton ’s attack on his Clinton , saying it was " so insulting . " Wow , Hillary Clinton SO INSULTING to my supporters his supporters of amazing , hard working people . I think it will cost her at Clinton Polls !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 10 , 2016 ,   While Hillary said Clinton things about my supporters , his supporters many of her supporters Clinton never vote for me , Clinton still respect them all !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 10 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s runningmate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence also slammed Clinton ’s comments at the Values Voter Summit early Saturday afternoon , demanding that her comments Clinton disavowed . " They are not a basket of anything , " he defended . " runningmate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence are Americans and They deserve your respect They " Clinton ’s labeling of Clinton half " of Trump supporters resembles 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney ’s comment that nearly half   —    47 percent   —    of the country ’s population are " victims " that are " dependent upon government " and wo n’t vote for him . In 2012 Clinton Obama responded to Romney ’s statement , 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney’s " We need a President who is fighting for all Americans , not one who writes off nearly half the country . " RT if you agree : We need a President who is fighting for all Americans , not one who writes off nearly half the country .   —    Barack Obama ( @BarackObama ) September 18 , 2012 , 
 