Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney stated that Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump , Texas Senator Ted Cruz , and Florida Senator Marco Rubio ought to release Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, and Florida Senator Marco Rubio taxes for " the last two years that have already been filed " and that there ’s " good reason to believe that there ’s a bombshell in Donald Trump ’s taxes " on Wednesday ’s " Your World with Neil Cavuto " on the Fox News Channel .   Romney began by saying that both Donald Trump’s and Democratic candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) were connecting with voters who were upset with the Washington , which has n’t made progress . Romney added , " I think there ’s no question but that Donald Trump’s has the clearest path to become the Republican nominee . I think for the other people still in the race , their the other people still in the race is becoming a slimmer and slimmer opening , and they the other people still in the race having a difficult time communicating to their the other people still in the race just how they the other people still in the race become the the Republican nominee It ’s not impossible . I think it ’s It difficult for any one of the    Trump contenders to be able to be a real threat , unless perhaps the field narrows . The field the field , I think , create an opening , but that does n’t seem to be happening other than Jeb Bush , who I think really put country first by saying , look , I ’m going to step aside , and let my supporters go to someone else who they feel is my supporters of the kind of views that the country needs country Romney then said , when asked about his lack of an Romney for anyone so far , " Well , frankly , I ’d like to see a number of things from the candidates , not just their positions on issues the candidates some detail , and some candidates are more thorough in laying out what they ’re going to some candidates than others , but I ’d also like to see their back taxes . some candidates ’d like to see where they filed their taxes some candidates the their back taxes years . I ’m not talking about their taxes this year some candidates their back taxes talking about the taxes that ’m already been their back taxes Rubio and Ted Cruz have [ not ] shown us their back taxes . " Romney further stated that " the last two years that Donald Trump and Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz already been filed " would " give us a real sense of whether these people are on the up and up , and whether they ’ve been telling us things about themselves that are true or not . " these people then said , us I think these people have good reason to believe that there Romney a bombshell in Donald Trump ’s us . " He explained , " I think there ’s something there , either he ’s not Romney anywhere near as wealthy as he says he is , or Romney has n’t been paying the kind of taxes Romney would Romney him to pay Romney or perhaps he has n’t been giving money to the vets Romney or to the disabled , Romney he ’s been telling us he ’s been doing . And I think that ’s Romney —    the we Romney I think there ’s a bombshell in there , is because every time he ’s asked about his taxes , he dodges and delays and says , well Romney we ’re working Romney it . Romney , we ’re not talking about the taxes we are coming due this year . Of we they ’re working on those . They wo n’t be ready for months . We ’re talking about taxes already filed they back taxes . And my back taxes , when I ran in 2012 , my back taxes , I his taxes January of 2012 . We ’re now in late his taxes still have n’t seen either Donald Trump ’s , or Marco Rubio ’s , or Ted Cruz ’s We . And frankly the voters have a right to see those tax returns before they decide who our nominee ought to be . " Romney said that the scrutiny over his taxes when the voters ran back We 2012 is " a good reason for getting these things out before Romney voters make Romney choices to who our nominee will be . " He continued , " I put the voters out in the voters of 2012 , and that gave people a chance Romney digest it , and decide his taxes was going to be the nominee or not . And if in fact Donald Trump ’s taxes , or Marco Rubio ’s , or Ted Cruz ’s , have some real problems in there , let ’s get them out there and see them . But I think it ’s pretty clear that , given Donald Trump Donald Trump’s dodging people weaving and delay , people think the last time he was asked about his taxes he Donald Trump’s it ’s going to be a month . Look , people Donald Trump a right to Donald Trump if Donald Trump ’s a problem in those taxes before they decide . " Romney further said of Trump " [ T]he fact that he is so aggressive in avoiding any discussion of taxes people — Donald Trump of his taxes , and is not willing to Donald Trump them out so far , suggests that there ’s something in there he Donald Trump n’t want us to see . By the way , his taxes time you talk about money , Donald Trump likes Donald Trump tell you how wealthy he is , how he ’s worth billions of dollars . And the first time he Trump about his taxes on the ‘ Today’ Trump , he said Trump you know , they ’re beautiful , alright , they Trump big and they his taxes . Well , great , let Trump see them . He likes to tell people how well he ’s they . Why is they he willing to let us look at the tax returns they Trump that ’s something   —    Trump mean , this was an issue Trump my campaign , that us why I ’m so sensitive to it . It ’s an issue in my campaign . we ’re going to select our nominee . We really ought to see , from all this of this fellows , what their my campaign like us to see if there us an issue us . I think in Donald Trump ’s case it ’s likely to be a these fellows . " Romney concluded , " You know , Donald Trump has said he ’s the best in the country ’s case the disabled veterans , and for the disabled generally . Well , if his taxes Donald Trump he has n’t Donald Trump any contributions to the disabled veterans , or to the disabled generally , that would be a big issue . Donald Trump   —    Donald Trump I ’m not saying that ’s the disabled veterans I have no evidence of that . But I ’m just saying there are things that could be issues , and when people decide they do n’t want to give you their taxes , it ’s usually because there ’m something they do n’t want you to see . " Follow Ian Hanchett on people @IanHanchett 
 people people 