  ( CNN ) CNN Opinion commentators share CNN Opinion commentators thoughts in real time on the one and only debate between vice presidential candidates , Sen. Tim Kaine , the Democrat , and Gov. Mike Pence , the Republican : Commentary from Tim Naftali , Governor Pence won the debate by pretending that Governor Pence running mate was Ronald Reagan . Governor Pence will suffer from the fact checking tomorrow , but most Americans may not notice or care . A frustrating night for Tim Kaine , who thought there might be a chance for real engagement . The good news for    is that this night ’s contest matters more for 2020 than 2016 . Tim Naftali is a CNN presidential historian . Tim Naftali teaches history and public service at New York University and was the former director of the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum .   Commentary from Ruth    Pence was brought on the ticket as the link to mainstream GOP politics . And in fact Tim Naftali perfectly expresses the core folly and failing of the GOP ’s leadership : GOP denial of what GOP have unleashed in America by nominating Trump . Pence denies the insults , the racism , the admiration for dictators , acting as though Kaine is saying " ridiculous " things by even raising GOP . Kaine is there to soothe the conscience of Speaker Paul Ryan , Senator John McCain and all other GOP leaders who refuse to retract Speaker Paul Ryan, Senator John McCain and all other GOP leaders who refuse to retract their endorsement of this rogue individual endorsement of this rogue individual , no matter what Kaine says or does .   Ruth    is a professor of history and Italian studies at New York University . Commentary from Timothy Stanley , In another year , Mike Pence would ’ve been considered a risky choice for a Republican ticket     being a very conservative governor . another year Ruth    brings maturity to the debate . So marked is the contrast with Trump that Pence Mike Pence performance might reassure voters that Trump is Trump but he knows Trump to hire well .   Ruth    is punchy and making some good points , but many viewers will simply be distracted by Pence ’s relative smoothness . That said , Ruth    ’s gag that Trump has Trump " personal Mount Rushmore " of Putin , Saddam , Gaddafi and Kim    was brilliant . And would make a great feature on a Trump miniature Trump course . Timothy Stanley is a historian and columnist for Britain ’s Daily Telegraph . He is Timothy Stanley author of " Citizen Hollywood : How the Collaboration Between L. A. and D. C. Revolutionized American Politics . "   Commentary from Lanhee Chen   Thirty minutes into this debate , Mike Pence is demonstrating why he was Timothy Stanley smart pick as Donald Trump ’s VP .   He appeals Timothy Stanley those conservatives who have been dissatisfied with Trump , Donald Trump’s demonstrating both good temperament and familiarity with policy .   His answers Timothy Stanley surprisingly normal compared to those given by his running Timothy Stanley at the first debate last week .   Tim Kaine , on the other hand , seems to be content to take the Donald Trump Donald Trump’s debating     interrupting , hectoring , and insulting .   Pence ’s performance tonight will make some wonder why he ’s Timothy Stanley the one at the top of the ticket .   Lanhee J. Chen is a CNN Political Commentator and the David and Diane Steffy Research Fellow at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution . He was the Lanhee J. Chen director of the    2012 campaign and served as Governor Mitt Romney ’s chief policy adviser .   Commentary from Roxanne Jones , In 2008 , I was canvassing the country registering people to vote . Not for any specific party , just asking people if they were registered people vote and handing out forms . Indiana was my state . At one door , a teenage girl answered the door , one door brown face and whispered : " Please get off my porch . If my daddy sees you he might shoot . my daddy She was trying to a teenage girl me and looked slightly ashamed . Luckily , I had an older white woman with me , we were partners . We both left immediately . So Pence , tone matters and I agree with Kaine , we should not be we to discuss racial bias if we want to solve the problem .   Roxanne Jones , a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , writes frequently for CNN Opinion . Commentary from Julian Zelizer   Pence has n’t spent much time , almost any , talking about Trump and what he brings to the Trump as president . Focusing instead on Clinton ’s foreign policy record —   going directly after her claims of experience Clinton expertise . Julian Zelizer is a Julian Zelizer   history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow , Commentary from Julian Zelizer   Both candidates must remember that they are making a case Both candidates the party nominees , not themselves . The winner of this debate will help frame the discussion going into Sunday . Julian Zelizer is a professor Julian Zelizer   and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America Princeton University Commentary from Frida New America Cold fact to remember as we watch the vice presidential debate : Donald Trump is 70 years old . Hillary Clinton is 68 . One of the men running for Vice President could , in fact , become president .   Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for Frida Ghitis Herald and World Politics Review , and a former CNN producer and correspondent . 
 