’   ’ "    Sen. Bernie Sanders suggested FBI Director James Comey should    resign over how FBI Director James Comey conducted FBI ’s investigation of Hillary    Clinton ’s use of a private email server while serving as    secretary of state . " ’    ’ ’   ’ ’    " Comey FBI Director James Comey in an outrageous way during the campaign , " Sanders    said . " No one can say that this was the decisive and this was    what elected Trump , but clearly his FBI Director James Comey during the campaign    in terms of what he FBI Director James Comey in the week or two before the election    was unacceptable . And it is interesting that he FBI Director James Comey not doing    investigations about the possible ties between Trump’ ’s campaign    and the Russians . " ’ "    Sanders comments came just days after the FBI ’s independent    internal watchdog , the Office of the Inspector General ,   it the Office of the Inspector General,   review Comey ’s actions and rule    whether there was misconduct in the way the    department handled Clinton ’s email investigation . " ’    After the election , Clinton Clinton blamed Comey Comey    her loss Clinton    Donald Trump . ’ ’    " There are lots of reasons why an election like this is not    successful , " Clinton   Clinton a call with donors in November . She added Clinton " Our    analysis is that Comey ’s letter raising doubts that were    groundless , baseless , proven to be , stopped our momentum . " ’ "    Indeed , on Thursday many of the former secretary of state ’s top    campaign staffers   the OIG ’s move to examine Comey ’s Comey . " ’    " We need the FBI to be independent , to not have a reputation for    behaving in a partisan manner , but I think that all of that was    really called in the question in the way that the FBI the FBI this matter in the closing weeks of the campaign , " former Clinton    press secretary Brian Fallon . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . : " Would not be a bad thing for the American people " if FBI Director James the FBI steps down     ’ ’      ’ 
 