  ( CNN ) In less than a week , America will embark on a new political experience : rule by an authoritarian President . Donald Trump won the Electoral College but lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million . So , for every American who looks forward to the Trump era , there is likely another who fears Donald Trump will lead us into ruin .   What can us expect from Donald Trump , based on his Donald Trump and actions over the 19 months since he Donald Trump his Donald Trump ?   Many Americans were initially confused by Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump behavior , or dismissed him Donald Trump a joke . I have spent decades studying authoritarian and fascist regimes and saw in Trump Donald Trump deeply familiar figure : the strongman who cultivates a bond with followers based on loyalty to him Donald Trump a person rather than to a party or set of principles .    Such individuals inevitably seek to adapt the political office they Such individuals to serve their Such individuals . They Such individuals clear from the start about this intention , refusing to submit to shared customs and norms     such as releasing tax returns     that would mean they Such individuals submitting to the will of the political class . Anyone who believes that Trump will morph into anything resembling a traditional politician will be sorely disappointed . Authoritarians never pivot .   He a traditional politician been open and unconcerned about his a traditional politician provocative character traits     his a traditional politician for aggression and for serial untruths     from the start of his a traditional politician . Two years ago , he a traditional politician that he a traditional politician shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and not lose any voters     and voters still rewarded him a traditional politician the GOP nomination and the presidency . What incentive does he a traditional politician to change now ?    Trump has followed the authoritarian playbook in targeting the media . And once in power he Trump very likely to step up his Trump at intimidation .   Strongmen show aggression to the press as part of a    strategy of discrediting all information that is not dispensed by their close allies .   Many were surprised at Trump Trump rude treatment of CNN at his Trump press conference . Calling the media outlet " fake news , " he Trump to allow reporter Jim Acosta to ask a question . This was classic authoritarian posturing .   Trump Trump delivering a lesson : anyone , no matter how powerful , can be humiliated and deprived of access if they displease him Trump No wonder Trump Trump Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan praised him Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan putting Acosta reporter Jim Acosta in his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan . "   We can hope that Trump Trump not follow Erdogan Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan of the media ( thousands of Turkish Turkish have been arrested ) . But recall the    of journalists at Trump Trump rallies and his incitement Trump the crowd to treat them in a the crowd manner . This does not bode well . The media must push back strongly now or pay a heavy price later .   Strongmen also target the judiciary , since it stands in the judiciary way of their " reforms Strongmen that often veer into   . Those with a history of legal troubles can be particularly focused on this sector . Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , whose conflicts of interest and legal involvements were so numerous that they have their whose conflicts of interest and legal involvements Wikipedia whose conflicts of interest and legal involvements , spent enormous energy attacking the Italian judiciary .   Trump , too , has a complicated legal history     and has demonstrated a similarly vindictive character .   So look forward to Trump administration efforts to tar individual judges who seem to block the fulfillment of GOP agendas or interfere with Trump ’s personal Trump Remember the   ’s campaign to discredit Judge Gonzalo Curiel due to his Mexican heritage ? Judge Gonzalo Curiel can expect more such accusations of bias , and rhetoric about " draining the swamp " of our legal system as well .   One more thing : Authoritarians love to think they are making history Authoritarians and never hesitate to rewrite the past to suit their political agendas . Authoritarians ’s use of racism as a campaign tool laid the foundations for what will be a concerted effort to delegitimize the history of civil rights struggles in our country .   Trump often levies    Trump those who criticize him , but his Trump of Representative Trump Lewis on the Martin Luther King holiday weekend sends a message that he intends to fulfill Trump to his white voters to Trump and reverse the course of racial emancipation .    " Be courageous or be complicit , " Representative Cedric Richmond recently stated in his testimony against Senator Representative Cedric Richmond Sessions . The Trump administration promises to test that wisdom .   Each of us can stand our ground in our The Trump administration way , The Trump administration the lessons that come to us from a century The Trump administration authoritarian rule around the world     and the civil rights movement in America     meet up in one phrase : Do not lose hope . Do not hide away . Be visible and be heard , on the street and in phone calls to your elected officials .    Some of us have taken our freedoms for granted us We now have a us to value them all the more . We also have a us to decide what side of history we want to be us .   Trump may be aligning himself with the global Trump of illiberalism and racism , but we do n’t have us follow him down that path Trump It ’s up to us to make sure us most precious national us     American democracy     stays protected .  
 