The mystery of Hillary Clinton ,    missing on election night , appears solved . [ A Tuesday of catharsis for Donald Trump voters turned into an evening of rage for Hillary Clinton . The Democratic presidential nominee , anticipating the postelection reaction of many of her Hillary Clinton , began shouting profanities , banging tables , and turning objects not nailed down into projectiles .   " Sources have told The American Spectator that on Tuesday night , after Hillary Hillary Clinton she Hillary Clinton lost , she Hillary Clinton into a rage , " R. Emmett Tyrrell reports . " Secret Service officers told at least one source that she Hillary Clinton yelling , screaming obscenities , and pounding furniture . She Hillary Clinton up objects and threw them she began yelling, screaming obscenities, and pounding furniture attendants and staff . She Hillary Clinton in an uncontrollable rage . " The appearance of campaign chairman John Podesta at Manhattan ’s Javitz Center , and the dematerialization of his heretofore ubiquitous charge , perplexed in the first hours of Wednesday . " They ’re still counting votes , and every vote should count , " Podesta campaign chairman John Podesta at Manhattan’s Javitz Center to a sad and stunned hall . " Several states are too close to call , so we Several states not going to have anything more to say tonight . " As Podesta campaign chairman John Podesta at Manhattan’s Javitz Center refused to recognize reality early Wednesday morning , Hillary Clinton called Donald Trump to offer congratulations . The juxtaposition of the campaign chairman publicly vowing to fight around the time the candidate privately conceded the election left observers scratching their observers . Tyrrell ’s reporting indicates that Mrs. Hillary Clinton mental state made it impossible for her to Hillary Clinton her supporters Hillary Clinton election night as custom requests . So , instead , Podesta gave a    speech on a    night to cover for the absence of the first woman president , her fireworks Hillary Clinton and her victory Hillary Clinton    to the mothers of the Black Lives Matter martyrs . " She is Hillary Clinton done yet , " Podesta claimed Podesta Tyrrell ’s reporting indicates that , indeed , Clinton remained far from done . " Her aides Hillary Clinton not allow her to Hillary Clinton out in public , " he writes Her aides " It would take her hours Hillary Clinton calm down . So Podesta went Podesta and gave his aimless Podesta . I wish we could report on Bill ’s Podesta but we can we . " Bill appeared Podesta following day at Hillary ’s belated concession speech wearing a purple tie but , thankfully , no purple marks about his face Podesta suggesting experience dictated avoidance the previous evening . " People say they ’re People Bill ’s Podesta , " Tyrrell noted to Breitbart . " I ’m amazed Bill survived Podesta Podesta " Bill’s marriage reporting remains a Tyrrell the side of the Clintons more than two decades after the American Spectator published its Troopergate stories detailing Bill Clinton the American Spectator escapades as told by his Arkansas security detail , stories Bill Clinton’s first referenced Paula Jones and pushed the president on the road to impeachment . Nearly 19 years after Hillary Clinton imagined a " vast Bill Clinton’s conspiracy " out to get her husband , the cabal ’s charter Bill Clinton’s again relies on the accounts of the Clintons’    security to unmask the public faces worn by the power couple now out of power . " In the ’90s , we published several pieces that documented her throwing lamps and books , " Tyrrell tells Breitbart . " This happened pretty often . She has such a foul mouth that her Arkansas state troopers learned a thing or two from her . She has a foul mouth her a her throwing arm . " 
 