In the course of hosting Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily , Breitbart London     Raheem Kassam stood up for departed Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon , who has been under sustained attack from the Left since becoming first Donald Trump ’s campaign chairman and now chief White House strategist . [ Raheem Kassam recalled how Raheem Kassam was a     with Raheem Kassam own website when Raheem Kassam met Bannon in late 2013 .   " Raheem Kassam came to Raheem Kassam and Raheem Kassam said , ‘ You know , I hear great things about Breitbart . Can you do what you do from inside Breitbart?’ At the time Breitbart was not a very well known name in the U. K. I admit to being skeptical   —    what was the commitment going to be ? Would I be taken care of ? Would I have editorial freedom ? Why do they want me , or trust me ? " Breitbart said . " But I knew of Breitbart from my trips to CPAC   —    there ’s only ever been about 12 Brits at CPAC , in any one year , but I was always one of about 12 Brits , " Breitbart continued . " You know , people say with a name like Raheem Kassam , that I was born and raised into a Muslim family and I get asked sometimes if I am practicing or religious . And I say no , I do n’t do that stuff ,   I do n’t make the Hajj , I do n’t do the pilgrimage . the pilgrimage is every February or March to CPAC . " In 2013 I took Bannon at his Bannon , and my life has just become a remarkable journey since .   " You know seven years ago I was working for a call center owned by Lehman Brothers , trying to get people to pay for their people they people defaulting on . At one point I was asked whether or not I wanted to do a training course to become a certified mortgage advisor . I thought that was a great idea . That ’s basically what I aspired to do . " But I kept seeing these things happening around me , these injustices , and I decided to do something . I started working for a    think tank in Westminster , for my sins , and I ’ve graduated beyond that   —    what I think is a stunted political philosophy   —    into what really matters . You know , people ’s lives . " And that ’s where Steve Bannon comes from as well . " You know when he Steve Bannon of any move , when he Steve Bannon of any policy , he Steve Bannon thinking about what makes people ’s lives better . He Steve Bannon n’t care about the color of your skin , or which God you choose to pray to , or whether you pray to a God at all . " He Steve Bannon n’t nit pick over diversity , or bureaucracy , or even quite frankly ideology . Conservatism , as a philosophy , is the antithesis of ideology   —    and Stephen Bannon , as a human being , is the antithesis of ideologues . " And that ’s why they ’re calling him Steve Bannon . They they projecting . The liberal media , who has decided amongst themselves they the world should look like   —    through their they   —    sees people who stand athwart history yelling ‘ stop’ as the biggest threat to their they , zombie civilization . " As a caller said earlier they they Bannon reminds them they Gandalf : ‘ YOU SHALL NOT PASS.’ I get it NOT PASS.’ I get that . I ’m all about that . And it terrifies the establishment . It it the Left . So they they to the thing that they they , the only thing they they : smears , lies , hate , libel , defamation , and an abdication of decency . " No , Stephen K. Bannon is not an   . Stephen Stephen K. Bannon not a white nationalist . Stephen K. Bannon Stephen K. Bannon right , or an extremist , or someone whose influence should be feared in the White House . " Stephen K. Bannon is a Stephen K. Bannon He ’s a father . Stephen K. Stephen K. Bannon treats his staff like Stephen K. Bannon K. Bannon is Stephen K. Bannon phenomenal business man , Stephen K. Bannon , a successful filmmaker , and more than anything , Stephen K. Bannon is a true patriot . " Stephen K. Stephen K. Bannon man who flew to London to hire me Stephen K. Bannon guy called Raheem Kassam from a Muslim family to run his London operation Stephen K. Bannon ’s now put him in the seat on his radio show Stephen K. Bannon London Swallow that , Stephen K. Bannon . Swallow that Stephen K. Bannon CNN . Swallow that Stephen K. Bannon New York Times . " And that ’s all Swallow have to say on Swallow matter , " Kassam concluded . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 