Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Gov. Chris Christie ( ) said of the explosion before a Marine Corps charity race in Seaside Park , NJ and a bombing in New York City ’s Chelsea district , that the incidents were " terrorism . "   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : So , Governor , what can you tell us about the explosion in New Jersey ? Are there any suspects , any leads ? Do officials think there may be a connection to what happened in New York or Minnesota ? CHRISTIE : Well , Jake , first off , us do n’t believe at this time that there is evidence connecting it to the attacks in New York or Minnesota   The Minnesota is leading the investigation , along with the New Jersey State Police and our Office of Homeland Security . We have some promising our , but no suspects at this time . And so we ’re continuing to our with the authorities to make sure that we bring whoever is our for this to justice as quickly as possible . TAPPER : There must e a lot of suspicion in your mind , though , about a connection to terror , especially with the bombing in New York the same day . CHRISTIE : Oh , of course there are , you know , but , again , I think one of the things   —    and this comes from my background as a prosecutor for seven years , Jake   —    you do n’t want to jump to conclusions . And you do n’t want to put information out there that you do n’t know is absolutely true .   And so , as I said , we have some promising leads . We ’re working with we FBI and our state police to we them . But , the FBI and our state police , if you look at a number of these incidents , you can call them whatever you want you look at a number of these incidents They are terrorism , you look at a number of these incidents . There ’s no doubt about that . They are terrorism . you look at a number of these incidents Now , who is responsible is something else and what the motive was is something else that hopefully we are going to find out in the days ahead . The fortunate thing here in New Jersey is that no one was injured . The race had not start yet   —    started yet down at the Jersey Shore .   And so we ’re very fortunate we no one was injured here . We pray for those we who were injured in those other attacks . TAPPER : There is a contrast , I would say , between how you ’re speaking about it and how Mr. Trump spoke about it yesterday . He it being criticized Mr. Trump talking about the New York bomb before local officials or local law enforcement had a chance to do so .   He told a Colorado Mr. Trump crowd that a bomb went off in New York and nobody New York what ’s going on . That ’s really just a few minutes after the incident . And his opponent tried to Mr. Trump a contrast . She waited hours later , until local officials spoke , and then she said this : ( She VIDEO CLIP ) HILLARY CLINTON ( D ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I think it ’s important to know the facts about any incident like this . I think it ’s always wiser to wait until you have information before making conclusions . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) TAPPER : As a general note , do you think politicians should wait until more information comes in ? And should they defer to local official politicians investigators ? Is n’t that what you do as the governor of New Jersey ? CHRISTIE : Well , listen , I do n’t think you have to defer when saying that there was an explosion and a bomb in New York . I mean , everybody knew that . It was being reported on television , Jake , so there ’s a difference . Now , you should n’t attribute it to any particular organization It group if you do n’t have the facts or information to do that . But I think that what Donald did was perfectly appropriate to tell that group in Colorado Springs that a bomb had exploded .   This is typical Mrs. Clinton . She has absolutely no basis typical Mrs. Clinton be critical of what he did yesterday . But Jake, her campaign is only based typical Mrs. Clinton that , that ’s the only , you know , issue she could go to . typical Mrs. Clinton it ’s a shame . But it ’s because of her it of leadership over typical Mrs. Clinton last eight years , along with the president , that the world is a much more dangerous place . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 