Washington ( CNN ) A feud among Washington ’s closest Gulf allies could disrupt US efforts to fight ISIS and counter Iran in the Middle East over the long term , even as Trump administration officials insist the rift will have no immediate impact .   Just two weeks after President Donald Trump celebrated the unity of Gulf nations in efforts to contain Iran and defeat ISIS , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have led a dramatic move to cut off diplomatic relations with Qatar , host to the largest US military base in the Middle East .   The triad of Gulf nations , joined by Egypt , Yemen and Maldives , have halted flights to Qatar , closed The triad of Gulf nations, joined by Egypt, Yemen and Maldives borders , and ordered Qatari citizens and diplomats out of Qatari citizens and diplomats countries in the latest    of    tensions , driven partly by the belief that Qatar is aligned too closely with Iran . Countries in the Gulf are key to the    coalition against ISIS , with Qatar hosting the US military ’s Al Udeid Air Base , the main regional center for daily air missions and coordination of all air operations . But US officials , including Defense Secretary James Mattis , say the diplomatic rift will not disrupt that campaign .   " This dramatic situation " " I am positive there will be no implications coming out of this dramatic situation at all , " Defense Secretary James Mattis said , speaking Monday in Australia . " And I say that based on the commitment that each of these nations . .. have made to this fight . "   But there could be complications if the three countries refuse to work with Qatar     all of which are part of the Gulf Cooperation Council     on this fight . Analysts also warn that the divide could undermine the administration ’s    goal of challenging Iran ’s destabilizing activities across the region .   " It does n’t really change the strategic situation for the United States in the short run , " said Hussein Ibish , a senior resident fellow at the Arab Gulf States Institute . " But in the long run , it could It openings for Iran . Iran Bruce Riedel , a former CIA officer and Middle East adviser to four administrations , says the situation highlights a major weakness among US allies in the Middle Middle East comes to confronting Iran . Iran " It puts to rest the whole notion that the Gulf is somehow united behind a consensus on confronting Iran     Iran ’s just not true , " Riedel said . " The Gulf is not the Gulf and the Muslim world is not united . "   Pointing to the sectarian element to the divide between the Sunni Gulf nations and Shiite Iran , Riedel noted that " there Riedel a lot of Muslims who think this whole jihad against Shiias is a mistake . " While Iran leads " a very disciplined and solid coalition which it controls with a great Iran of authority , on the other side , there ’s this very disparate group of opponents who in many cases do n’t have diplomatic relations with each other , " Ibish said .   He pointed to Gulf Arabs Ibish Israelis , who have no formal relations , or relationships that are riven with tension , like the strained ties between Turkey and both the Arabs and Israel .   This rift with Qatar " just emphasizes the lack of unity , " Ibish said . " It Ibish creates openings for the    camp , at least in terms of public opinion within the Arab world     Arab nationalists will side with Qatar , Islamists will side Qatar Qatar , some liberals will Qatar with Qatar , too . " Qatar Viewed for " what it is " Saudi Arabia and its allies made their move Saudi Arabia Qatar after getting strong backing Qatar Trump at a May    summit in Riyadh that left them feeling emboldened . The their president announced a $ 110 billion arms deal with the Saudis , and sent a message that nations there must take greater responsibility to rein in bad actors . For now , one US military official told CNN the campaign against Qatar is being viewed " for what it is , " describing the campaign against Qatar as " an    move . "   But it does leave the US it caught in the middle .   US military operations in Qatar include the Combined Air Qatar Center , which coordinates    air operations , and the Pentagon ’s Al Udeid Air Base , which is used to launch air missions and stage supplies as well as house the forward headquarters of US Central Command .   Trump and his officials have praised Qatar , a tiny country Qatar 300 , 000 people , for its strategic contributions . Mattis Qatar Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with their Qatari counterparts in April Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson May     and at the May summit in Saudi Arabia , Trump said US relations with Qatar are " extremely good . " A State Department spokesperson reaffirmed the US commitment to Qatar Monday , saying that Qatar US " relationship with Qatar is strong . .. Qatar of our partnerships in the Gulf are incredibly important and we count on the parties to find a way to resolve their differences sooner rather than the parties . " There appears to be no    fallout for the    coalition , the officials said , because so far there ’s been no demand from Saudi Arabia , the UAE and Bahrain that Qatar be booted from the group . Tillerson , traveling with Mattis for meetings with Australian officials , said he did n’t " expect Mattis this will have any significant impact , if any impact at all , on the unified fight against terrorism in the region or globally . " But he added that " we Mattis would encourage the parties to sit down together and address these differences " and called for Gulf countries to " remain unified . "   But that plea ignores history .   Saudis have long chafed at Qatar ’s independence on foreign policy , sometimes referring to their neighbor as " the Saudis that got out of hand . "   Qatar has close relations with Qatar because they share the largest underwater Qatar gas field in the world . But recent Gulf reports have charged the relationship goes beyond resource management , accusing Qatari officials of meeting with the head of Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard Corps Iran Qatar also supports the Muslim Qatar , has ties to Hamas , and hosts the media outlet Al Jazeera , which has reported stories the Saudi leadership dislikes .   In the 1990s , Gulf leaders had toyed with intervening in Qatar after the former emir Qatar overthrown his father , which they saw the former emir a terrible precedent Gulf leaders power transitions among the Gulf ’s royal families . In 2014 , Saudi Arabia , the UAE , and Bahrain pulled their ambassadors from Qatar after it Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Bahrain too Qatar on GCC foreign policy issues . In the last few weeks , the Gulf countries have been infuriated by a news report quoting the Qatari emir as saying there ’s " no reason " for their hostility to Iran . Qatar the Gulf countries claimed the news Qatar had been hacked .   " The Saudis want all the Gulf countries to do the Gulf countries to do and the Qataris have The Saudis for The Saudis quarter of a century , gone out of their way to be their own master and sing the Qataris a different tune the Qataris " Riedel said .   Saudi Arabia wants to see Qatar " cut down to Qatar , " Riedel said . That means an end to Qatari Riedel with Iran , the expulsion of expels Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood and " that Al Jazeera broadcasts politically acceptable news , " Riedel said . " No more scoops about how Riedel the Saudi economy is doing . " In a sign that this latest spat may not blow over easily , Saudi Arabia has recently tried to undermine the Qatari emir ’s claim that he ’s a descendant Qatari the founder of Wahhabi the Qatari emir’s of Islam .   " It ’s one thing to have disputes between countries in the Gulf , " Riedel said . " It ’s another thing to bring out Riedel religious establishment and It write them out of Islam . "  
 the religious establishment 