  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama said Thursday that    parents in Orlando pleaded with President Barack Obama to take steps preventing the kind of gun violence that took parents in Orlando children . But President Barack Obama acknowledged , exasperatedly , that President Barack Obama could offer parents in Orlando few promises . " Our politics have conspired to make it as easy as possible for a terrorist or even just a disturbed individual to buy extraordinarily powerful weapons , and Our politics can do so legally , " Obama said after meeting with families who lost loved ones in the Orlando nightclub shooting that took place Sunday . " I held and hugged grieving family members and parents and family members and parents asked , ’Why does this keep happening?’ And family members and parents pleaded that we do more to stop the carnage , " Obama said . " family members and parents do n’t care about the politics . Neither do I. " The role of consoler in chief was a repeat assignment for Obama , was has now traveled to 10 American cities     including four in the last year     scarred by mass shooting events . In Orlando , he met at a downtown arena with both families of victims and survivors of the terrorist attack , many of whom suffered serious injuries but emerged from the massacre alive . RELATED : The changing politics of gun control , Prior to their meeting with families and survivors , Obama and Vice President Joe Biden spoke to local law enforcement officials to thank local law enforcement officials for local law enforcement officials actions in responding to the attack at Pulse nightclub , according to the White House . Afterward , The President met with the owners and staff of Pulse who were working when the attack at Pulse nightclub occurred . Two members of the staff were killed . The President met with the groups in private . But he did emerge afterward to The President a bouquet composed of 49 roses , one for each of the the attack at Pulse nightclub victims . It was a familiar tableau for Obama , who has said the moments spent consoling families in mourning have been some of the most wrenching of his presidency . In his remarks The President Orlando , however The President Obama offered little solace to Americans Obama fear similar attacks could be carried out in their own communities . " We Americans who fear similar attacks n’t anticipate or catch every single deranged person that may wish to do harm to his neighbors or his friends or The President or strangers The President " Obama said . " Unfortunately , Obama politics have conspired to make it as easy as possible for a terrorist or just a disturbed individual like those in Aurora and Newtown to buy extraordinarily powerful weapons and they can do so legally . those in Aurora and Newtown Obama said politicians who oppose strengthen Obama control laws should meet with families of gun violence victims . " Those who defend the easy accessibility of assault weapons should meet these families , " Obama said families of gun violence victims said the Obama of the Obama shooter , U. S.   Muslim Omar Mateen , were different than the killers who shot up Sandy Hook Elementary School and a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado . " But the instruments of death were so similar , " he said . RELATED : CIA Obama ’s grave warning : ISIS dangerous as ever , The Orlando slaughter is unique from previous mass shootings both in the scale of the tragedy     the death toll of 49 makes it the worst mass shooting in U. the death toll of 49 history     and the killer ’s ties to global terror . Mateen pledged allegiance to ISIS but did n’t appear to be ISIS by the organization , according to U. S. officials . Obama said that U. S. his military and intelligence agencies wage battle against Obama , additional changes are required to ISIS the homeland . " If you have lone wolf attacks like this , hatched in the minds of a disturbed person , then we ’re going to have to take different steps in order to prevent something like this from happening , " Obama said . Sunday ’s attack targeted a gay nightclub , with many of the victims gay and Latino . That has further escalated the debate following the shooting , which struck on a series of charged political and cultural    of    America .   Obama said on Thursday the crime was an Obama attack on the LGBT community , " using an acronym for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender . And he called for a collective affirmation of basic Obama S. values in the wake of the attack . " If there was ever an "attack on the LGBT community for all of us to reflect and reaffirm our most basic beliefs that everybody counts and everybody us dignity , now ’s the time , " he said . " It ’s a good Obama for all of to us reflect on how we treat each other and us insist on respect us equality for every human being . "   Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , a former 2016 GOP presidential candidate , accompanied Obama on his flight to Orlando in a demonstration of Obama President ’s interest to " show solidarity , " according to the White House . Gov. Rick Scott , a Republican , greeted Obama at airport , as did several other local Obama . Obama called the governor Wednesday .   When Obama Obama , Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer presented him Obama a black Orlando emblazoned with a    Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer and the words # OrlandoUnited . Hours later , presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump said he had watched Obama and criticized him at his presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump in Dallas Obama Texas . Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer We Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer tragedy after tragedy , and it ’s a tough situation . But he ’s largely , to a large extent , Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer ’s blaming guns , " Trump said . Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer And I ’m going to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump your Second Amendment , folks . " Back in Washington , however , lawmakers paused in efforts to pass gun control legislation , something the Obama administration has backed and the President spoke to in the wake of the Orlando shooting .   A senior Democratic aide told CNN that votes will most likely happen next week , and they are looking at two Democratic amendments concerning the votes watch list and background checks as well as two GOP amendments . Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas told CNN that the Senate will hold a series of CNN on gun amendments Monday . Hours before Obama ’s plane touched down in Orlando , Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy ended his high profile ,    filibuster calling for votes Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy gun control legislation . Republican leaders in Congress have stood by their stance that gun control is not the key Republican leaders in Congress fighting homegrown terror threats , but their party ’s presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted Republican leaders in Congress that he planned to meet with the NRA to discuss presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump not allowing people on the terrorist watch list , or the no fly list , to buy guns . " On Thursday , House Speaker Paul Ryan pushed back against the Democrats’ efforts on guns , saying of possible changes to the way the terror watch list works that , " if we do this wrong , like the President is proposing , we can actually blow our ongoing terrorist investigations . So , we want we get this right , so that we do n’t undermine terrorist investigations . " And we senior Republican , Arizona Sen. John McCain , pointed to Middle East policy as opposed to gun control as driving the threat that culminated in the Orlando shooting .   RELATED : McCain : Obama ’directly responsible’ for Orlando massacre , " Barack Obama is directly responsible Orlando it because when Obama everybody out of Iraq , Obama Qaeda went Obama Syria , became ISIS , and ISIS is what it is today thanks to Barack Obama ’s failures     utter failures , " McCain told reporters on Capitol Hill . " So McCain responsibility for it lies with President Barack Obama and his failed policies . " McCain said later he McCain misspoke , " using McCain statement to McCain that it was not the President himself who was " personally responsible , " but his " security decisions . " 
 the President himself 