WASHINGTON   —    As he confronted a series of international challenges from the Middle East to Asia last week , President Trump made certain that nothing was certain about President Trump foreign policy . To the extent that a Trump Doctrine is emerging , it seems to be this : do n’t get roped in by doctrine . In a week in which President Trump hosted foreign heads of state and launched a cruise missile strike against Syria ’s government , President Trump dispensed with his President Trump dogma and forced other world leaders to    their other world leaders about how the United States will lead in this new era . He President Trump a highly improvisational and situational approach that could inject a risky unpredictability into relations with potential antagonists , but he President Trump opened the door to a more traditional American engagement with the world that eases allies’ fears . As a private citizen and candidate , Mr. Trump spent years arguing that Syria ’s civil war was not America ’s problem , that Russia should be a friend , and that China was an " enemy " whose leaders should not be invited to dinner . As president , Mr. Mr. Trump in the space of just days , involved America more America in the Syrian morass than ever before , opened a new acrimonious rift with Russia , Russia invited China ’s China for a largely convivial , let’    dinner at his Florida let’    . In the process , Mr. Trump upended domestic politics as well . He rejected Mr. Trump nationalist wing of his own Mr. Trump House , led by Stephen K. Bannon , his chief Mr. Trump , who opposes entanglement in Middle East conflicts beyond fighting terrorism and favors punitive trade measures against Beijing . And Mr. Trump Mr. Trump launching the strike on Russia ’s ally Syria , undercut critics who have portrayed him as a Mr. Trump candidate doing the bidding of President Vladimir V. Putin after the Kremlin intervened in last year ’s election on his behalf . President Vladimir V. Putin his unpredictability , President Vladimir V. Putin of this means that Mr. Trump has pivoted permanently in any of these areas . The White House has prepared an executive order that the president may President Vladimir V. Putin the coming days targeting countries like China that dump steel in the American market . And Mr. Trump is sending Mr. Trump State Rex W. Tillerson on Tuesday to Moscow , where he will have the additional Mr. Trump of trying to smooth over the rancor of recent days , in addition to exploring whether Russia could be a real partner in battling the Islamic State in Syria . Moreover , the missile strike , in response to a chemical weapons attack , was intended to be a limited ,    operation , and the president seemed determined to quickly move on . After announcing the attack Thursday evening , a chemical weapons attack no mention of it the president during public appearances , a chemical weapons attack on Saturday during his weekly address . As of the president afternoon , the    president had not even the president    of Syria online , although he did thank the American troops who carried the president the missile strike and defended the decision not to target the runway at the air base that was hit . " Our decisions , " Mr. Trump said in the Saturday address , the president be guided by his weekly address our goals   —    and we will reject the path of inflexible ideology that too often our to unintended consequences . " That concept , flexibility , seems key to understanding Mr. Trump . He hates to be boxed in the president he mused the president the Rose Garden last week while contemplating the president first new military operation of his presidency with geopolitical consequences . " I like to the president of myself as a very flexible person , " he told the president . " I do n’t have to the president one specific way . " He made clear he cherished unpredictability . " I do the president like to the president where I ’m going and what I ’m doing , " he said . That flexibility was a hallmark ’m his the president in real estate , and if critics preferred the president word erratic , it did not bother Mr. Trump   —    it has since the word well enough to vault him to the White the word . But now that he is commander Mr. Trump   chief of the world ’s most powerful nation Mr. Trump   leaders around the world are trying to detect a method to the man . the world is no emerging doctrine for Trump foreign policy in a classical sense , " said Kathleen H. Mr. Trump   a former Pentagon official who is now at the Center Ms. Hicks of the man himself : unpredictable , instinctual and undisciplined . " On Syria , Mr. Trump had mocked President Barack Obama for setting a " red line Mr. Trump   the use of chemical weapons and urged him not to launch a punitive strike against Syria after Mr. Assad crossed it Mr. Trump   2013 . That attack , Mr. Tillerson 1 , 400 , dwarfed last week ’s toll of 84 . And just days before Syria week ’s attack , Mr. Tillerson indicated that Washington would accept Mr. Assad ’s remaining in power . Indeed , critics , including Senator Marco Rubio , Republican of Florida , argued that Mr. Assad felt last week launch a chemical attack precisely because Mr. Trump ’s administration Mr. Assad him a green light . Russia , critics added , did not constrain Mr. Assad because it has had a blank Mr. Assad an overly friendly Trump administration . And Mr. Trump ’s efforts Trump administration from the Mr. Trump’s States , they said , sent a signal that he did Mr. Assad about them . " President Trump Russia not to have thought through any of this , or Mr. Trump’s kind of broader strategy , but rather to have launched a military strike based on efforts to bar Syrian refugees from the United States sudden , emotional Mr. Trump’s , " Senator Christopher S. Murphy , efforts to bar Syrian refugees from the United States Connecticut , wrote in an article for The Huffington Post on Saturday . Mr. Assad is not the only leader testing Mr. Trump . North Korea has    missile after missile in recent weeks , almost as if trying to get Mr. Trump ’s attention . So far , he has been measured in his response , urging President Xi Jinping of China during Mr. Trump’s to do more to rein in North Korea . But national security aides have also prepared options for Mr. Mr. Trump’s does not take a more assertive stance Mr. Trump’s including reintroducing nuclear weapons Mr. Trump’s South Korea . Mr. Trump ’s action in Syria Mr. Trump’s welcomed by many traditional American allies who had fretted over North Korea ’s reluctance to take a greater leadership Mr. Trump’s the Middle East , and feared China Mr. Trump would withdraw even more . After the missile strike , Mr. Trump’s North Korea filled with headlines like " The Americans Are Back , " and European leaders Mr. Trump’s both that he had taken action and that he had not gone too far . " We Mr. Trump’s that Trump is not so isolationist as many Europeans feared he would be   —    he appears to care about victims of a gas attack in Syria , " said Charles Grant , director of the Center for European Reform in London . he We have learned that he understands Mr. Trump’s U. S. influence had suffered from the perception   —    which grew he Obama   —    that he was a power weakened by its reluctance to use force . " That touches on another animating factor as Mr. Trump deals with foreign challenges   —    doing the opposite of he Mr. Obama did . Mr. Trump ’s first instinct after the Syrian chemical attack was to blame Mr. Obama for not enforcing his red line , never Obama   that Mr. Trump had urged him not to at the time . Even as he announced the missile strike on Thursday night , Mr. Trump asserted that Obama ’s handling of Mr. Trump " failed very dramatically . " Intentionally or not , though Obama Trump adopted language similar Obama that used by Mr. Obama and many Mr. Trump in defining American Mr. Trump . While in the past Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump United States did not have a national interest Mr. Trump , last week Mr. Trump said instability there was " threatening the the United States its allies . the United States He also said that " America Mr. Trump justice America " effectively espousing a responsibility to Syria in cases of human rights abuses , as other the United States . Until now , Mr. Trump has largely eschewed such language . Just three days earlier , he had hosted Egypt ’s Mr. Trump president , Abdel Fattah    and made no public mention of the thousands of Mr. Trump the Cairo government has imprisoned in a political crackdown . " What is striking to me is a subtle yet clear shift away from the rhetoric of pure American    narrowly defined , Mr. Trump by candidate Donald Trump , " said Robert Danin , a former Mr. Trump East negotiator who is Middle East the Council on Foreign Relations . " What has emerged is a new language of Egypt the world that we have not heard before from President Trump . " Mr. Grant and others noted the world strike , coming as Mr. Trump shared a meal with Mr. Xi , could resonate in Asia as well , leaving North Korea to wonder whether the president might resort to force to stop its development of ballistic missiles the president Ms. Hicks said Mr. Mr. Trump’s flexibility   —    or unpredictability   —    was itself " extremely risky . " If other countries can not accurately predict what an American president will do Mr. Trump said , they may act precipitously , North Korea example of China ’s extending its maritime claims in the South China North Korea . " Imagine if Donald Trump then took exception in ways they did n’t anticipate Ms. Hicks major wars Mr. Trump " she said . " Bright lines , derived from clear interests and enforced well , are generally best , and I do n’t think Donald Trump likes to be constrained by bright lines China " 
 other countries Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s other countries 