Quanell X , leader of the New Black Panther Party in Houston , Texas , said this week on a local news program that black Americans should " truly examine " Donald Trump ’s outreach to the black community and " reexamine the relationship " that black voters have with the Democratic Party .    Read the transcript of Quanell X ’s remarks : Donald Trump last week went to Milwaukee because of the rioting behind the police shooting of a young    male by a black officer and the city was being burned down in certain parts of the the black community protesters so Donald Donald Trump to go to Milwaukee and speak about Milwaukee conditions of America and why he felt Donald Trump people should vote for him . Donald Trump even Donald Trump on to lay out reasons why he felt Donald Trump should . Let me say this to the brothers and sisters who listened and watched that speech . We may not like we vessel that said what he said Donald Trump but I ask us to truly examine we he said Donald Trump because it is a fact that for 54 years , we have been voting we the Democratic party like no other race in America . And they have not given the Democratic party the same loyalty we love that we have given them we We as the Democratic party people we to reexamine the relationship   —    where we are being pimped we prostitutes , and they ’re the big black people pimping us politically , promising us everything and we we nothing in we . We got ta step we now as black people and say , we ’ve got ta we at all the parties and vote our best interests . we …      He spoke directly to black people . And I want to say and encourage the brothers and sisters . Barack Obama , our president , served two terms . The first black president ever . But did our condition get better we Did financially , politically , academically , with education in our community , did things get better ? Are our young people working more than what is was before he came into office He The condition got worse our condition now we as black people we to do and remember what the honorable Elijah Mohammed said . No politician can save the black community we ’ve got ta we it ourselves .    … we America ’s in trouble we And I want to say to black and white people , only a fool fights in a burning house . This house is on fire a burning house 