’   ’ ’    Donald Trump has been a bit light on policy proposals , especially    when it comes to the economy . ’ ’    Donald Trump has said , however , that as president Donald Trump would raise tariffs on    Chinese goods ( ) because the country is    " "    with the country is    low prices in the global marketplace . ’ ’    So what would this look like ? What would be the consequences of    aggressive tariffs on global goods ? ’ "    There ’s at least one place where we can see how a trade war with    China would play out for the US : the steel industry . For over a    year it has been ravaged by anemic demand and    prices .    China ’s incredible output of steel has n’t helped matters , and the    world has been asking China to slow its China . In       , the the US been taking measures to shore up the price of    domestic    since President George W. Bush was in office . " ’    Results have been muted . Last month the US Senate   called " Evaluating the    Financial Risks of China , " and it focused the US Senate   on what China’ ’s    low steel prices coupled with that country’ ’s own economic    slowdown had done to American steel US Steel "    I ’ll spare you some reading : It has n’t been good . " ’    " The damage that has been done to the industry has been extreme , "    Thomas Gibson , the president of the American Iron and Steel    Institute , said at the hearing . ’ ’    This after US Steel , in April , announced   laying off 25 % of its nonunion workforce US Steel ’ "    None of this is to say that the US has n’t taken any recent    action .   by 500 % . The    European Union is also taking measures to slow the flow of    Chinese steel into its market . The   European Union "    But of course that is n’t the end of it by any means . China is in    a precarious position . The country grew China by selling China steel ( among other commodities ) to the world and also by using    steel to build its massive cities ( China empty and filled ) . " ’    But now the Chinese economy is its economy The government also    China depend less    industry and manufacturing and grow its    services sector ,       and retail . ’ ’    But it still has a huge China industry that employs millions of    people . The government has said it China millions in the China coming years as the industry winds down . That will be painful ,    though , and the Chinese government has not shown China a    tolerance for pain . China steel mills are still operational    and China its steel workers are still employed . ’ China       country has said it will reduce steel China but those    China reductions do n’t always materialize . " ’   ’ "    At the congressional hearing , Gibson said the Chinese government    claimed that 90 million tons of overcapacity in its steel market    had been taken care of from 2011 to the Chinese government    . In reality , 300 million    tons had been added to China ’s steel output . " ’    " They don’’t use the word ’’ net , ’’ " he said . ’ ’    After the US slapped on that don’’t % tariff ,   a controversial tax rebate for    its steel exporters . ’ "    So this is it people    We ’ve got ourselves a nice little trade war    on our hands . " We    And how ’s the war going We The Australian bank Macquarie published    a note a nice little trade war   on our hands on Wednesday . " ’    " July’ ’s global steel crude output data , as released by worldsteel    yesterday , shows world    output to have recovered to    positive YoY territory for the first time in over 18 months ,       analysts wrote . " This , coupled with China’ ’s relative resilience    reinforces the view that the global industrial recovery is    gathering some momentum . " ’ "    Sounds good , right ? It sounds as if global steel demand is    starting to come back ’ "    The bank says Asia is leading the recovery    with increased Korean and Japanese steel consumption . Smaller    countries are doing better too , though they might be getting      steel by China ( and that ca n’t Smaller   countries ) . " ’    The problem is that steel demand isn’’t coming back in the US , and    Macquarie blamed "   higher prices " for this , even    though the US economy is stable . ’ ’    " While output has been carefully managed by US producers to help    maintain the    price premium over other regions ,    apparent demand is clearly not good at   % YoY over 2016       date , " analysts wrote . " While destocking can explain part       this , we would reiterate our concern that higher steel prices are    hurting US manufacturing competitiveness ( we thus steel demand ) .    As our recent note showed , the US is the biggest negative drag on the US global industrial production at the present time . " ’ ’   ’ ’    So while higher prices are helping the US steel industry to some    degree , they are hurting manufacturers who have to buy that    steel . ’ higher prices are helping the US steel industry to some   degree    " There’ ’s grumbling that the US mills are taking advantage of a    tight market , and the price hikes are too much , too fast , " Lisa    Goldenberg , the president of Delaware Steel Co. of Pennsylvania ,    a steel trading and processing company , told . ’ ’    Trade battles , it turns out , are less like war and more like      . You bring the hammer down on one problem , and    another arises soon after . ’ ’    Meanwhile , some in the steel industry would prefer Trump change    his part of the conversation on tariffs and steel . ’ ’    Trump I don’’t think he does our issue any favors by making it so    incredibly jingoistic don’’t bombastic , " said Scott Paul , our issue    president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing , a group    that allies domestic steelmakers and other manufacturers with the    United Steelworkers union , . ’ ’    Perhaps someone should let Trump know that . ’ 
 