  ( CNN ) When I took to the stage to speak at the Democratic National Convention last week , I did so to honor my son , Humayun , who was killed 12 years ago while serving in the U. S. military in Iraq . But I also spoke to remind the American people that American Muslims are an integral thread of the American tapestry . And that ’s why I am also writing this now . My wife and I have received an overwhelming level of support and kindness from all corners of American life since My wife and I appeared on the stage in Philadelphia . This is the America that Humayun , and others like Humayun , fought and died for . This is why My wife and I came to the America , and this is why there is no other like it the America the history of humanity     a country that can set aside differences and celebrate the common human experience freely .   My wife and I also appreciate the statements about My wife and I son from Speaker Ryan " Many    have served valiantly in My wife and I military , and made the ultimate sacrifice . Capt . Khan was one such brave example , " Ryan said . " Capt . Khan was an American hero , and like all Americans I Khan grateful for the sacrifices that selfless young men like Capt . Khan and their families have made in the war on terror Khan " McConnell said . We thank them for these warm words .   Donald Trump , for Khan and their families part , described Humayun as " a hero to our Donald Trump , " adding that " we should honor all who have made the ultimate sacrifice to our our country safe . " The trouble is that Mr. Trump our country seem somewhat disingenuous in light of his Donald Trump , and his words about , Muslims . Again Donald Trump again , he has said Donald Trump that are counter to the America we experience every Donald Trump . He talks about banning Muslims . His supporters talk about religious tests . Donald Trump if freedom and liberty really Donald Trump something , then Trump ’s    has no place in it .   I have implored Trump to study the Constitution , I have implored the Republican leadership to rebuke Trump ’s rhetoric and policies . But too often they have stayed quiet . Trump already great     our experience speaks to that . And the truth is , no single man can lay claim to the idea of making it great . That is why I implore Americans considering voting for a man who claims that only he can make the country great to think again . I ask them to show their better selves America     to reject fear , reject hatred , Americans division . Americans America , embrace your neighbor , embrace liberty , justice and freedom for all . Choose a uniter . Choose a healer . Choose the most qualified candidate     Hillary Clinton , not Donald Trump . 
 