’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump had a fairly contentious interview this weekend on " Fox News Sunday . " ’ " In the pretaped interview that aired Sunday , "Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace pressed ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump again and again on some of the recent firestorms dogging ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump campaign , including ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump campaign manager ’s   ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump   leading up to next Tuesday ’s Wisconsin primary , his    on abortion policy , and more . " ’"This may sound harsh , but are you in the process of blowing your campaign for president ? " Wallace Chris Wallace ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in the opening question.’ ’"I don’’t think so , " Trump replied.’ ’He continued:’ " Wallace Chris Wallace jumped into ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump among female voters . " ’"In the latest Fox poll , 67 % of women nationally now have an unfavorable view of you . If you had purposely set out to turn off voters , especially women voters , over the last two weeks , I’’m not sure you could have done a better job , " he told Trump.’ I’’m shrugged off the question.’ ’"All I can do is do what I do , " he replied.’ ’But I’’m mogul suggested he regretted   I’’m the wife of his top GOP I’’m , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas . Trump recently told New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd ’ ’"Was this my best week ? I guess not . I could have done without the retweet , et cetera , et cetera , " Trump told Wallace.’ Trump " Wallace soon turned I’’m conversation to Trump ’s comments Trump on who would be punished in a hypothetical world in which abortion were illegal in the US . Trump initially said the Trump who have abortions   but then walked that back and said only those who perform abortions should be penalized . " ’"You did something pretty remarkable . You offended both the    and the    movement with one statement , " Wallace said . " Do you agree it was a mistake ? " he asked.’ ’"I would Wallace rather answered it in a different it , yeah . I would have rather answered it in a different it , " Trump said.’ ’A number of other tough questions were fired off against Trump.’ ’Wallace asked Trump if he had Trump said.’ " Trump said.’ curve " on policy . He asked if Trump Trump said.’ who called NATO " obsolete , " if he was aware of Trump said.’ many of the military alliance’ ’s soldiers died in Afghanistan . He asked why Trump’ Trump said.’ campaign manager , who was recently charged with misdemeanor battery , didn’’t simply apologize for grabbing a reporter . And so on.’ ’’ ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald . .. ’ 
 