As Americans gather with family and friends this Fourth of July weekend to celebrate our founding and the war that brought our our freedom , Speaker Paul Ryan offers the nation " a few conversation starters "   —    about Speaker Paul Ryan . Linking to an interview Speaker Paul Ryan did with # NeverTrump leader Erick Erickson , Speaker Paul Ryan sent out an email blast divulging 10 facts about himself Speaker Paul Ryan he Speaker Paul Ryan Americans may want to share with each other over fireworks and hot dogs this Fourth . We ’ve provided the full text below .   Looking for a few conversation starters ahead of the Fourth of July weekend ? We We you might be . And because they —   whoever " they they are —   say to keep politics out of social conversations , we We got just the perfect alternative for you . That ’s right —   Speaker Ryan joined Erick Erickson ’s podcast last week for a    long discussion about everything but politics . We We talking fly fishing , hunting , and   …     classical music ? ( Bet you did n’t see that one coming . ) So , in the spirit of his favorite band , turn on a little Led Zeppelin and continue reading —   here are 10    things you probably did n’t know about Speaker Ryan : 1 . When he his a child , he his fly fishing in a field . " When I was a kid , I practiced in a field —   in a park . We had this little park in our We and I ’d just go practice up there . It ’s all about getting the cast right . " 2 . His his sport is bow hunting . " That ’s my favorite passion . . . my favorite sport , my favorite hobby of all is bow hunting . " 3 . He his his his to Deer Camp . " I grew up doing Deer Camp , which is during opening weekend of deer season . . .   I hunt in the morning by myself and then I hunt with kids in the dusk . " 4 . Homer is his Homer character on The Simpsons . " Troy McClure ’s not so bad —   he Homer a good side character . I mean , you ca n’t get better than Homer Homer   what can you say ? Homer Homer the best . " 5 . He Homer to Beethoven . " I listen to country , I listen to heavy metal , hard rock , and classical music . I ’d say Led Zeppelin is probably my favorite thing , but I do listen to classical music —   and Beethoven Beethoven 9th is by far my favorite . " 6 . He Homer to be a doctor . " I wanted to be a doctor growing up . I wanted to be a doctor when I was a kid , like my grandfather . My my grandfather adored the guy . . . He was a doctor my grandfather Fond du Lac , Wisconsin —   and when I was a kid , I wanted to be a doctor . And then I realized , you know , I just sort of lost my interest after taking chemistry . " 7 . When he came to Washington my grandfather he figured he ’d my grandfather an my grandfather . " Jack Kemp , who I adored , was looking for a young staff economist —   basically somebody to do his economic policy work my grandfather this new think tank he was forming called my grandfather America . And he hired me to my grandfather that , and I thought all along , ‘ I ’ll do this for a few years —   you know two years , three years.’ And then I wanted to go further my education in economics and go into the field of economics . " 8 . But , as time would tell , Jack Kemp inspired him to do something Jack Kemp . " Jack was my mentor Jack Kemp and he basically taught me Jack Kemp the Battle of Ideas —   as he described it — Jack Kemp is fighting for principles , public policy , we were part of the conservative movement . And I learned so much as a young sort of ‘ foot soldier’ in the conservative movement in the conservative movement I just really took it on as my vocation . And I realized that was my passion —   fighting for conservative ideas . " 9 . He was reading Milton Friedman books at the ripe age of 16 . " My parents were Milton Freedman fans so I read Free to Choose when I think I was like 16 or something like that . " 10 . And finally , you can take the guy out of Wisconsin , but   …      " I drink Miller Light and Pabst Blue Ribbon . . . it ’s what we drink where we come from . You know we you can take the guy out of Wisconsin , the guy ca n’t take Wisconsin Wisconsin out of the guy . Wisconsin Wisconsin is the guy [ conversation ] I ’ve had like this in a long , long time , " the speaker said in closing . We think conversations like this ought to happen more we —   do n’t you ? 
 