  ( CNN ) North Korea has been a threat to Japan for decades     and North Korea ’s a problem for which there is no perfect solution . North Korea ’s an issue important enough to have forced Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to fly to New York just days after Donald Trump won the US election last November to seek reassurance of a    defense alliance .   Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe concerns were not without basis     North Korea ’s test missiles have regularly fallen near Japan . As recently as March 6 , North Korea’s launched four intermediate missiles into waters off Japan Japan three of which landed in its North Korea’s Economic Zone , and less than 200 nautical miles away from the Japanese city of Oga .   Shortly after , the the Japanese city of Oga the nation ’s first ever evacuation drill to prepare for future North Korean missile launches . Meanwhile , in his visit to Tokyo on Tuesday , US Vice President Mike Pence reassured Abe that the US is " 100 percent " with Japan on North Korea . Analysts told CNN that Japanese lawmakers have discussed three options to deal with the threat     but each of those solutions points to another problem . Ramping up military   Japan has Japan on a US military presence for decades , but the island North Korea considering moving its    Forces ( North Korea into a more aggressive posture to help counter growing nuclear threats from North Korea . In its 1947    War II North Korea , Japan vowed Japan never again maintain " land , sea , or air forces or other war potential . " However , in 2015 , its Upper House of Parliament North Korea bills allowing the country ’s military to engage in overseas combat assignments under limited circumstances , in hopes of expanding the role of SDF to counter threats from China and North Korea .    At a parliamentary session in Tokyo last week , Abe said North Korea may have the North Korea deliver missiles equipped with sarin nerve gas . Analysts say these comments are political pandering and that Abe is posturing to his domestic Abe to ramp up Abe options .    However , Daniel Pinkston , a professor of International Relations at Troy University in Seoul , said it would be a total waste of North Korea ’s military assets to attack Japan . " Pyongyang does n’t care about killing Japanese civilians , especially since it would serve no military or political purpose , " Pinkston said . If Abe is willing to push the proposal forward , the opposition will try to drag its feet     but wo n’t the opposition able to block it , according to Jeff Kingston its feet     Director of Asia Studies at Temple University Japan . " If the bill does get approved , I think China and South Korea will have allergic reactions , " Kingston said . " The past is not in the past . The memories of Japan as aggressive still looms large . " Kingston predicts Seoul and Beijing would Kingston strongly against the bill . Ask US to the bill ?    Japan has its own missile defense system Japan the Japan and the Patriot       and has recently practiced a trilateral    response with the US and South Korea . But some in Japan are calling for the US to Japan the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) system in Japan .   Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Japan , who has previously said Japan is considering acquiring the THAAD system Japan has also gone to Guam to inspect the Aegis Ashore , a    version of the    interceptors Japan already has mounted on its Aegis Japan . " I think the   interceptors Japan THAAD or Aegis Ashore to Japan makes a lot of sense , Japan Adam Mount , Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress , said . " The benefit is that it would deprive Pyongyang confidence that it The benefit conduct limited missile strikes against The benefit to try and split its opponents Japan a crisis . " Japan , a THAAD deployment to Japan would likely anger China . After Japan was deployed to South Korea , THAAD retaliated economically by shutting down stores China Lotte , a South Korean conglomerate that offered a golf course to be repurposed for THAAD use . Chinese travel agencies stopped THAAD tickets to South Korea , and there have been South Korea in China to boycott South Korean products . China Experts say that South Korean systems do n’t carry warheads , THAAD carry radars that could be used to track Experts ’s own missile systems , potentially China US an advantage in any future confrontation with China . " Japan and China are strategic China , " Mike Chinoy China Senior Fellow at the    Institute at the University of Southern California , said . " If China is as worried as they think they China about THAAD in South Korea , Japan and China will Japan and China crazy when Japan has a THAAD system Japan and China "   Seek diplomatic Japan ? During his trip to Japan , Pence said diplomatic efforts on North Korea have Japan worked . But analysts say Japan is not willing to encourage the US to take Japan action on the Korean Peninsula .   " The escalatory dynamics are just too severe for Japan , which will be right in the thick of Japan , given the likelihood of a clash with China taking place simultaneously , " Corey Wallace , a security analyst at Freie University in Wallace always been denuclearization of the Korean Japan   " Obviously more than ever , this is an unrealistic goal , and Japanese policymakers seem to increasingly understand that DPRK is not going to give up its nuclear program , " Wallace said .   Wallace says it ’s possible to imagine Japan grudgingly accepting some kind DPRK limited DPRK nuclear capability if Japan were to Wallace the    capability as some lawmakers have Japan .   But the emotional DPRK of North Korea ’s abduction of Japanese citizens in the 1970s still runs deep .   " It ’s very difficult for me to imagine Japan being willing to compromise by accepting a freeze in the Japan status quo in exchange for normalization , " Wallace said . " Unless DPRK comes completely clean about the whereabouts of the remaining abductees . " 
 