Washington ( CNN ) When President Donald Trump lectured NATO members on NATO members contributions to the    alliance , President Donald Trump demonstrated a lack of understanding about how the group works and potentially alienated the US’ closest allies , analysts said . The speech comes at a time when Washington ’s longstanding partnerships with the UK and Israel have endured friction over intelligence gaffes by the new administration .   " Diplomatically , The speech was inept at best and deliberately insulting at worst , " said Jeff Rathke , deputy director of the Europe Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .   Trump ’s remarks Thursday , alongside his Trump’s misrepresentation of how the alliance works and his Trump’s to reaffirm US commitment to the group , is likely to further unsettle US allies , sowing doubt about US leadership and possibly making it harder for NATO leaders to convince their NATO leaders of the need to spend more on defense .   Ivo Daalder , a former US ambassador to NATO NATO said that " this was a perfectly scripted event to deliver a very simple message that every president of the United States has delivered at the first possible opportunity , which is that the the United States firmly behind its commitment to the United States defense of NATO NATO "   " We NATO a treaty , we NATO it . It a treaty really a treaty , " Daalder said . " And the fact that he did n’t do it was disturbing and will take a long time to overcome in Europe . "   Trump was making his first visit Trump the alliance in Brussels , where leaders had carefully scripted his visit , Trump a memorial to the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks to mark the only time NATO has invoked Article 5 , which holds that all members will defend any one of them that ’s all members .   The    alliance that came to the United States’ aid in Afghanistan and Iraq sent more than 3 , 000 soldiers home in body bags . A damaging first , Against this backdrop , the President accused NATO allies of NATO US taxpayers by not meeting the shared target of spending 2 % of GDP on defense     a misunderstanding of how the funding system works .   Trump also scored a damaging first , according to Nick Burns , Burns the first president since the group ’s founding to fail to reaffirm the US commitment to collective defense , the principle that glues the alliance together .   " This is the first president since 1949 not to mention Article 5 , " Burns said . " Every president has reaffirmed collective defense and today was the day for him to do it . " Burns said he was " stunned " by the speech Every president " It was really disappointing Burns " Burns said . " I support him on asking allies to spend more on defense . Burns there is a time and Burns place . And this was n’t it . The lecture was the wrong tone and this was the wrong time . "   It could also damage the US leadership position this NATO , said Burns . The other The lecture " were looking for a tight embrace and they did n’t get it , " Burns said . " NATO looks for the US The other nations to lead the The lecture . .. Burns Trump ) does NATO understand that . People now think of Angela Merkel as the leader of the West . " NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg at his closing news conference after the summit defended Trump ’s NATO , which he admitted was Angela Merkel blunt . "   Asked if he (Trump) that Trump did n’t Angela Merkel express support for Article 5 , he said just Angela Merkel dedicating the    (Trump) Article 5 display he was doing that . Stoltenberg Angela Merkel there has been a clear message of support for NATO Angela Merkel the President , as Angela Merkel as Vice President Mike Pence , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis . Tillerson and Mattis have also recently delivered tough public messages on the need for NATO members to increase defense spending .   Changes made to accommodate Trump , NATO leaders had NATO this summit as an introduction to the new US President , adjusting the NATO to make it more accommodating for Trump , changing the date , shortening the    proceedings     in part this summit telling leaders to Trump speeches briefer     and making a casual dinner the centerpiece of the gathering .   They had been put on edge by Trump ’s comments during the presidential campaign , when he NATO leaders derided the alliance as " obsolete Trump He changed course in April , declaring that Trump was no longer obsolete , but on Thursday he Trump to raise an issue of past payments . In Brussels , Trump charged that " many Trump these nations owe massive amounts of money from past years " and Trump that these countries owed that money to the United States .   " This idea that countries owe money is    wrong , " said Rathke . Countries commit to the 2 % target for defense spending     a goal only five NATO members currently meet     within their own countries . The money is not paid to a central fund , though Trump continues to Countries to a system like that , raising questions about his ability or willingness to listen and learn .   " Anybody with NATO expertise knows that there Trump no such thing as ’debts’ owed by NATO allies for what they NATO n’t spent in the past , " Rathke said .   Bedrock NATO trust , Analysts NATO allies that Trump and other presidents before him are right to press NATO members to meet their spending commitments , but they point out that Trump binds the alliance is NATO = = and NATO members bedrock of that trust NATO members Article 5 .   Daalder , now president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs trust Trump seems to see the alliance in transactional or economic terms , which is not the intent of NATO Trump " It is n’t about defense spending , it ’s about solidarity and security , which NATO defense spending enables , " Daalder said .   Trump It only " ignored the bargain that is at the heart of NATO , Daalder Rathke said . Trump What the President did today was demand the resources without stating NATO commitment     there was no carrot , it was all stick . " That combination " will weaken the perception of American commitment to NATO , " Rathke said .   Burns agreed . " Every president has reaffirmed collective defense and NATO was the day Rathke him to do it , " he said . " The Europeans expected it and he did n’t do Burns . .. that is n’t Burns you lead an alliance . Sometimes it have Burns give tough love it But today was a chance to be big and Reaganesque and he did n’t do it . "   Daalder and other analysts point out that the President ’s failure Burns reaffirm Article 5 it also hurt his own cause by making it harder for NATO leader to increase defense spending .   " It was the President’s a particularly good way to convince members that they should invest , " Daalder said . " Particularly allies who have fought and died on the part members the United States . Daalder 
 