  ( CNN ) Donald Trump really needs a   . I ’m talking the type where Donald Trump has to sit in silence in the corner for an extended period of time to put the brakes on Donald Trump horrific behavior . Donald Trump should do this for all of our sakes , as Donald Trump words are becoming more erratic and alarming by the day . At the very least , Donald Trump should move up the " very nice long vacation " he Donald Trump he Donald Trump to take if he Donald Trump in November . Move it he loses in November , say , tomorrow . Even Trump supporters have to acknowledge that Trump Trump of " all press is good press " might work great for someone like Justin Bieber     or even Trump , when he Donald Trump hosting a reality show     but it ’s not working for him Donald Trump this election . Just check out the new    battleground polls released Friday . Trump is Trump in every battleground state polled in North Carolina , which Mitt Romney won in 2012 , Trump trails Trump nine points . And the candidate who seemingly spent more time during the GOP primaries reading polls out loud at events than talking about policies , must be keenly aware of how poorly he is doing now . That might explain why Trump is Trump up the rhetoric to levels that are alarming people even more than they were alarming people . Just look at the cray cray Trump dished Trump this week . First , he suggested Trump the only way to stop a President Hillary Clinton , and the federal judges she would a President Hillary Clinton , is via the Second Amendment , raising the specter of armed revolt     an interpretation he soon Trump back from . Then , a couple of days later , he created Trump firestorm by declaring that President Obama was literally the " founder " of ISIS and had earned ISIS ’s ISIS most valuable player award . "   Friday , however , Trump seemingly tried to dismiss his wholly Trump claim about Obama as President Obama joke . He explained Trump the media misunderstood his words Trump , as he tweeted Trump " THEY DON’T GET SARCASM . "   Sarcasm ? ! I ’m a comedian     I ’m pretty ’m versed in the art of sarcasm . That was not sarcasm . Even the dictionary ( a book Trump might call " overrated " ) tells us as much : " the use of words that mean the opposite of what you really want to say especially in order to insult someone , to show irritation , or to be funny . "   But Trump meant Trump what he said Trump Obama . How do we know us ?   Well , because he told Trump . us , when conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt asked Trump if Trump meant conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt was Obama founder of ISIS in a figurative sense , the GOP nominee rejected the suggestion , " No , I meant he ’s the GOP nominee founder of ISIS . "   Trump wants Trump to believe whatever strategic manipulation suits him at Trump moment     not your own ears .   You have to , on some level , feel for Trump ’s Trump were defending his ISIS founder Trump ISIS . Not 24 hours later , their credibility was Trump’s surrogates who were defending his ISIS founder comment Thursday yet again by Trump ’s assertion Trump was kidding . Trump I ’m guessing they , too , Trump’s surrogates who were defending his ISIS founder comment Thursday love to see Trump take a   Trump The goal of a    say child development experts , is to " decrease undesirable behaviors " by ensuring " that the individual in    is not able to receive any reinforcement for a particular period of time . "    Media coverage is the positive reinforcement Trump lives for . Trump a    would be just the right cure . The only problem is that the media would never agree to a media blackout for even a few days     unless Trump did it himself Trump    How Trump persuade the man who needs attention like a vampire needs blood ? Two suggestions : GOP leaders can go hat in hand and grovel before Trump like a serf Trump to " Game of Thrones " Queen Cersei Lannister . After all , polls show he is now dragging Trump other GOP    candidates . GOP , Trump ’s family could stage an intervention .   They can wait for him Trump’s family he enters Trump offices Trump Trump Trump , lock the door behind him , sit him Trump and explain Trump they are worried that his his offices addiction is Trump him   . They Trump be ready with his offices that might help Trump , like counting to Trump’s before tweeting or pretending like he is actually running Trump president of the United States , not auditioning to be the new snarky judge on " America ’s Got Talent . " This will be a tough sell to a man who boasted just a few days ago that he has no plans Trump change his strategy or temperament Trump since they worked for him in the GOP Trump .    But it is worth a try . The alternative is a stream of baseless , inflammatory and irresponsible comments by Trump between now and Election Day , each one another nail in the coffin for the Republican Party     and an appalling reflection on our proud nation . Do us a favor , Republicans . Get this guy into   . 
 