MADISON , Alabama   —    At Donald Trump ’s Sunday rally at Madison City Stadium , Sen. Marco Rubio ’s own constituents —   two displaced Disney workers —   publicly denounced Sen. Marco Rubio’s for prioritizing the interests of Sen. Marco Rubio’s big business donors over the interests of Sen. Marco Rubio’s own constituents . The two endorsed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump for President .   Dena Moore and Leo Perrero were two Disney Disney who were informed that they Dena Moore and Leo Perrero going to be laid off during the holiday season of 2014 . They Dena Moore and Leo Perrero   along with scores of their Dena Moore and Leo Perrero —   were told that before they Dena Moore and Leo Perrero let go , they Dena Moore and Leo Perrero be forced to train their Dena Moore and Leo Perrero foreign replacements brought in on    visas . Earlier this week , Perrero testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee about the humiliation he Perrero forced to endure by training his Perrero replacement . While Donald Trump has called on Disney to hire back all of these workers and has pledged to end    job theft as President , Sen. Marco Rubio has pushed to expand the controversial    program —   he Sen. Marco Rubio introduced two bills that would dramatically boost the issuances of   . As recently as last year , Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio a bill —   endorsed by Disney Disney Bob Iger via his immigration Sen. Marco Rubio firm —   that would triple the issuances the issuances of   is Disney of Sen. Rubio ’s top financial backers —   having donated more that $ 2 million according to Open Secrets . " What a great disappointment Marco Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio " Rubio constituent and Sen. Marco Rubio Disney worker Disney Moore told the crowd . " Backed by Disney and Disney companies to push through legislation that have brought    visas to us and he has sabotaged Sen. Marco Rubio . " " Rubio ’s staff Sen. Marco Rubio in 2013 explaining the [ guest worker expansions in Gang of Eight ] bill ‘ American workers ca n’t cut it.’ Shame on you Marco Rubio , " Moore declared . The Disney workers were introduced at Eight] bill ‘American workers their attorney who is representing them in their Eight] bill ‘American workers lawsuit against Disney , Eight] bill ‘American workers Blackwell Eight] bill ‘American workers In her introductory Disney Blackwell explained , " The thing about Trump Sara Blackwell ’s different than anybody else is that he ca n’t be bought . We have Sara Blackwell chance to stop this problem in America . It ’s got to be by a president and politician where they wo n’t be bought by Disney ’s a president and politician where they won’t be bought by Disney’s Bob Iger or by Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook Iger or by Mark Zuckerberg Disney , by all these billionaires who benefit from firing our American workers . " " Americans are losing our jobs to foreigners and politicians are supporting    promoting this behavior , " Moore explained . " If we want to achieve the American dream —   or even , more importantly , keep what is ours : the American dream that we have already we to create American the American we that others have sacrificed for us , American is the time to link arms we a champion . I believe Mr. Trump is for Americans first and foremost .   He shares our vision , our dreams , and Mr. Trump fight we our futures we I know most of you are we standing , but here ’s my mantra : stand up for Americans , stand up with a champion , stand up with Trump . " 
 Mr. Trump 