Actress and Hillary Clinton campaign surrogate Lena Dunham has broken Actress and Hillary Clinton campaign surrogate Lena Dunham silence after the Democratic presidential candidate ’s loss to Republican Donald Trump earlier this week , describing in a blog post the agony of being at Hillary Clinton ’s election night party in New York City and insisting that Actress and Hillary Clinton campaign surrogate Lena Dunham " never truly believed " that Republican Donald Trump could win . [ The     Girls actress , who had hit the campaign trail repeatedly for Hillary Clinton for months leading up to the election , described waking up on Election Day feeling " rosy " and " thrilled , " only to see the good feelings evaporate hours later at the Jacob Javits Center in Manhattan , when the election returns came flooding in .   " At a certain point it became clear something had gone horribly wrong . Celebrants’ faces turned . The modeling had been incorrect , " Dunham wrote in an essay for Dunham Lenny Letter blog . " Watching the numbers in Florida , I touched my face and realized I was crying . ‘ Can we please go home?’ I said to my boyfriend . I could tell home?’ was having trouble breathing , and I could feel my chin breaking into hives . " Dunham said Dunham left the party early and was informed of Clinton ’s loss when a friend called and told Dunham . Dunham wrote that as a result of her Dunham for Clinton Clinton her Dunham , she Dunham " threats and abuse " at a level she Dunham never have imagined . However , she Dunham hopeful that her Dunham represented " the dying moans of the dragon known as the patriarchy being stabbed again and again in the stomach . " Dunham continued : We believed that on November 9 , they those men be licking their those men while we We . It is painful on a cellular level knowing those men got what they those men , just as it ’s painful to know you are hated for daring to ask for what is yours . It ’s painful to know that white women , so unable to see the unity of female identity , so unable to look past their female identity privilege , and so inoculated with hate for themselves female identity showed up to the polls for him female identity too . My voice was literally lost when I woke up , squeaky and raw , and I ached in the places that make me a woman , the places where I ’ve been grabbed so carelessly , the places we are struggling to call our we . Dunham made several      trips for Clinton during her Clinton , including early stops in Iowa and New Hampshire , and , toward the end of the her campaign in North Carolina . In April , the Clinton her chances Clinton moving to Canada at " 100 percent " if Trump were elected president , joining numerous other celebrities who made similar pledges . In her essay Clinton Dunham predicted it would be too difficult for Clinton supporters to attempt to understand the motivation behind Trump ’s support Trump the task would be best left to " strategists " and " men in offices who need to run the numbers . " " It should not be the job of women , of people of color , of queer and trans Americans , to understand who does not consider them human and why queer and trans Americans just as it ’s not the job of the abused to understand their abuser , " the abused wrote . " It ’s quite enough work to know about and bear the hatred of so many . It ’s quite enough It to go on living . " Dunham closed her essay Dunham thanking Clinton for " taking every shot and standing tall . " Read Dunham ’s full essay Dunham .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 