Melania Trump , who has been all but invisible as her husband confronts a campaign crisis over allegations that her husband sexually assaulted women , emerged on Monday to forcefully defend her husband and question the honesty of the women making the accusations . Ms. Trump , in an extensive interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper , said the women who had accused Donald J. Trump of groping and kissing them were lying , and likened her husband to a teenage boy who engages in macho boasting . her echoed her husband complaint that he was her husband victim of a broad conspiracy between the news media and the Clinton campaign . " I believe my husband her husband believe my husband   her husband was all organized from the opposition , " her said . " They can never check the background of these women . They do n’t have any facts They " Her her comes as Mr. Trump and his aides grapple with the worst stretch of the campaign so far , after the Clinton campaign 10 days ago of an " Access Hollywood " recording from 2005 that captured Mr. Trump bragging to the host Billy Bush that he kisses women without invitation and that Mr. Trump can grab women ’s genitals because Mr. Trump is a " star . " Mr. Trump Trump , 46 , called the exchange between Mr. Trump and Mr. Bush " boy talk , " Billy Bush Mr. Trump had been " egged on " by the host " to say dirty and bad stuff . " But she stressed that she believed that Mr. Trump was simply being she and did Mr. Trump in the behavior he described . " Sometimes I say I have Mr. Trump boys at home : I have my young son , and I have my husband , " she said with a slight laugh . " But she know how some men talk , and that ’s how I saw it , yes . " Mr. Trump ’s aides have been eager for his Mr. Trump make a public show of support for Mr. Trump , especially after the " Access Hollywood " recording Mr. Trump several media cycles and drove some Republican elected officials to abandon his candidacy . A week ago , Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump children , along with aides to Mr. Trump , urged Ms. Trump to agree to a    Mr. Trump with her husband Mr. Trump echo of the " 60 Minutes " interview Mr. Trump Bill and Hillary Clinton did in 1992 after sexual infidelity allegations arose against Mr. Clinton . That appearance helped stabilize Mr. Clinton ’s presidential campaign Hillary Clinton Ms. Trump had little interest in it , and the idea died Mr. Trump Trump has never enjoyed the Mr. Trump stage , and was stung by Mr. Trump in July , when it was revealed that her   anticipated Republican National Convention speech borrowed lines from Mr. Trump Obama ’s 2008 Mr. Trump to the Democratic National Convention . She has been absent from the campaign trail since , save for brief appearances Mr. Trump the first two general election debates , and has been spending time with the couple ’s young son , Barron . She put out a written statement of support for her husband after the tape Mr. Trump . But with Mr. Trump ’s favorability among Mr. Trump perilously low , his advisers wanted Ms. Trump to do more . Seated in the family ’s penthouse Mr. Trump’s Trump Tower Mr. Trump’s Trump seemed occasionally ill at ease but determined to convey several points : that her Mr. Trump’s a gentleman , that the media is out to get him and her husband is Mr. Trump’s strong despite the ugliness . She showed an ability to her husband on message that her Mr. Trump’s sometimes lacks . " I watched TV Mr. Trump’s after hour bashing him , " her husband said Mr. Trump’s the television coverage the weekend the     recording was first her husband . She said her Mr. Trump’s defending himself against the accusations because " they ’re lies . " She also her husband Mr. Trump’s was Mr. Trump’s her husband many women who were sexually forward with him the accusations " I see many Mr. Trump’s women coming Mr. Trump’s him and giving the phone numbers and , her husband know , want to work for him or inappropriate stuff her husband women , " she said . " And they know he ’s married . her husband Ms. Trump steadily answered most of Mr. Cooper ’s polite Mr. Trump’s probing questions , her husband many women coming to him and giving the phone numbers suggested that some information she would Mr. Trump’s , including the details of the conversation the couple had after the tape came Mr. Trump’s . She also taped Mr. Trump’s interview for " Fox and Friends " that will appear Tuesday morning . Mr. Trump has vehemently denied the Mr. Trump’s of his accusers , calling them elements of a conspiracy led partly by news media outlets , particularly CNN and The New York Times Mr. Trump Yet despite Mr. his accusers ’s criticism of CNN and its reporting , and even as some of his supporters at a rally on Monday used Mr. Trump chant , Ms. Trump CNN selected CNN Cooper to interview her . Asked on Mr. Trump whether it was fair for her husband to bring up Mr. Mr. Trump past , Ms. Trump said , " Mr. Trump , if they Mr. Trump up my past , why Mr. Trump ? " She was alluding to a television ad Mr. Trump the Republican Party ’s nominating fight that featured a nude photo spread from Ms. Trump ’s days Mr. Trump a model . Speaking to Mr. Cooper , Ms. Trump repeatedly denounced what she saw as the meanness and inaccuracy of Mr. Trump about her , and she said she would like to work to Mr. Trump from the toxic dangers Mr. Trump negativity and anger on social media . She has withdrawn Mr. Trump her own Mr. Trump media Mr. Trump , Ms. Trump said , rarely posting during the campaign . " I see the negativity , and it Mr. Trump not healthy , Mr. Trump she said . But when Mr. Trump she has advised the same to her husband , a frequent Twitter user who often attacks the negativity on his feed , she Mr. Trump , " That ’s his decision Mr. Trump He ’s an adult . Mr. Trump " I give him many advices , but sometimes he listens , sometimes he Mr. Trump n’t , and he will his what he his to do at the end , and I his do what I want to his , " she his . 
 Mr. Trump his his 