’   ’ ’    The    Koch brothers , Charles and David , responded    late Friday to a bombshell claim from billionaire businessman    Mark Cuban alleging Mark Cuban alleging supposedly tried to bribe Republican    nominee Donald Trump to get out of the race . ’ ’    " That is simply not correct , " Steve Lombardo , chief    communications and marketing officer at Koch Industries , told    Business Insider . " I really don’’t have anything more to add to    that other than it is incorrect . " ’ ’    Cuban , a prominent supporter of Democratic nominee Hillary    Clinton ,   aboard    Clinton’ ’s plane following a rally for the candidate in    Pittsburgh that the Kochs " tried " to get Trump out of the    presidential race . ’ ’    " They tried , " he said , when a reporter mentioned the Kochs . " I    know they They . " ’ ’    Cuban , the owner of the NBA’ ’s Dallas Mavericks and star of    ABC’ ’s " Shark Tank , " added that the the Kochs didn’’t offer    [ Trump ] enough " to drop out . ’ ’’ "    He later [Trump] enough" to drop out he did [Trump] enough" to drop out mean the Kochs the Kochs . " ’    Writing to   the    billionaire said in an email that " someone " tried to recruit    him to make    Trump offer . Trump ’    " I had discussion about a Trump buyout , Trump Cuban wrote . " That’ ’s as    much as I can tell u. " ’ ’    Cuban did not Cuban who was involved and said he did not That’ many    questions about the idea . The conversation was held shortly after    the Democratic National Convention in July . He could not That’    that an    offer was made . ’ ’    " Supposedly an amount was presented to Trump and he said no That’ " he    wrote That’ adding that the proposal " sure seemed serious . " ’ ’    It was discussed the proposal a " buyout . " ’ ’    " The word bribe was never used , " he wrote . The word bribe It was a The word bribe .    That’ ’s    way it was discussed That’ " ’ "    Charles and David Koch , two of the biggest donors in    Republican politics    a combined net worth of nearly $ 100    billion , have abstained from boosting Trump ’s candidacy .    Another Koch    , Bill ,   for Trump at his Trump’s Cape Koch residence . " "    The Trump campaign did Trump’s immediately respond to a request for    comment . " 
 