Standing at the United    border , Sen. Ted Cruz took on President Barack Obama ’s    immigration policies by recounting stories of home invasion and murder that have plagued Americans , Arizona residents and border ranchers . [ Sen. Ted Cruz emphasized Sen. Ted Cruz position on border security and against illegal immigration ahead of Tuesday ’s Arizona presidential primary contest . Border security has been a central focus of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump that helped launch GOP frontrunner Donald Trump popularity in the early stages of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump campaign .   Sen. Ted Cruz addressed reporters from on the border in Douglas , Arizona as shown on Fox Business : Sen. Ted Cruz says Sen. Ted Cruz ’ll listen more than talk , so border region ranchers can describe the harrowing experiences border region ranchers face on a day to day basis . Sen. Ted Cruz recounted how the Arizonans face volumes of drug trafficking . Sen. Ted Cruz said one woman told a story of being monitored by a drug smuggler who figured out where one woman hid one woman house key . a drug smuggler who figured out where she hid her house key has somewhat regularly used that her house key enter her a drug smuggler who figured out where she hid her house key " take a shower , make a meal , wash the dishes , go to bed , sleep , get up and leave and lock the door behind him a drug smuggler who figured out where she hid her house key " Cruz also challenged Obama that if the border is as secure as the president says it is then he should the president moving the White House down to the southern the border The ranchers here deal every day with the threats , the threats that tragically took the life of a    rancher not to far from here . Threats that challenge our basic safety and security . " Cruz spoke of ranchers who come across dead bodies left behind by smugglers and the negligible and nonexistent border fence . " Far too often [ human smugglers ] abandon women or children , those who are sick , they abandon them in those who are sick desert those who are sick die . This is a national security crisis . And it ’s a crisis This the federal government is refusing to do it ’s job in the federal government . " He described the smugglers as " hardened , vicious , violent criminals . " Cruz also brought in a father who tells the story of how his young adult son Cruz murdered by a cartel member illegal alien for no apparent reason . Steve Ronnebeck appears in a new ad supporting Cruz telling the story Cruz his son and stating Steve Ronnebeck trusts Cruz to Steve Ronnebeck Cruz ’s de facto amnesty executive action on immigration . " I trust Ted Cruz , " Cruz in the ad , " Steve Ronnebeck trust that a new ad supporting Cruz going to do the things Steve Ronnebeck says he ’s going to do Steve Ronnebeck " Steve Ronnebeck , who lost his     son Grant in January 2015 , wrote a detailed explanation of his support for Cruz in a February article his Breitbart News . Cruz tweeted an image of Cruz trip to the Arizona Cruz with a link to his immigration plan for America Cruz Getting a firsthand account of challenges facing law enforcement at    border https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) Cruz , 2016 ,   Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry also appeared at the border press conference the day after making several Arizona stops to stump for Cruz . The Texas senator also Cruz mention of and thanked Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry Mark Dannels and Arizona State Representative David Gowan who were also present . Trump Arizona won the endorsement of two prominent Arizonans in former Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry Jan Brewer and Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio . In recent days Cruz picked up the endorsement of Arizona Rep. David Schweikert . Rep. Trent Franks ( ) endorsed Arizona last week . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Cruz 