Donald Trump ’s spokesman Jason Miller indicates that the    is working with lawyers on transitioning Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller business over to Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller children . [ Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller was asked during a phone call with reporters about something Donald Trump’s posted on Twitter on Monday , where Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller referenced Donald Trump’s spokesman Jason Miller business interests across the world , charging that only the " crooked media " thinks it is a " big deal . "   Prior to the election the election was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world . Only the crooked media makes this a big deal !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) November 22 , 2016 ,   This tweet sparked the Huffington Post to write an article titled , " Trump Says Any Conflicts Of Interest Were Priced Into Your Vote . " The New York Times detailed Trump Trump conflicts of interest with his business Trump Monday : Mr. Trump Trump business with entities controlled by foreign governments and people with ties to them . The ventures Mr. Trump’s companies    real estate arrangements   —    with Mr. Trump ’s companies Mr. Trump’s companies a " branding " partner   —    in Ireland and Uruguay . The Bank of China is a tenant in Trump Tower and a lender for another building in Midtown Manhattan where Mr. Trump has a significant partnership Trump Experts in legal ethics say those kinds of arrangements could easily run afoul of the Emoluments Clause if they continue after Mr. Trump takes office . " I those kinds of arrangements ahead and let the    speak for that directly , but obviously , we ’re all working and preparing for this transition in advance of him being sworn in on January 20 and as updates become    we will go and share those with you , " Miller we reporters on Tuesday . Politico reports that Trump ’s    said his three children , Don Jr. Eric and Ivanka , will Trump’s lawyer the Trump Organization through a blind trust . Miller was asked by the press on Tuesday if the transition    can share a schedule on the Tuesday and transition of the business to Trump ’s children . " There ’s no schedule that is Trump for public distribution   …      but as soon as lawyers work through that   …     with all parties involved , we will go ahead and get that out , " Miller promised . 
    