UNITED NATIONS   —    Before and after he became president , Donald J. Trump made it pretty clear that Donald J. Trump did n’t see much value in UNITED NATIONS . So when he named Donald J. Trump R. Haley as his choice Donald J. Trump United Nations UNITED NATIONS many wondered whether he was simply Donald J. Trump a tough critic into a trivial post . In the past week , Ms. Haley has Nikki R. Haley increasingly clear that she has no intention Nikki R. Haley being sidelined . To the contrary , as diplomats at the United Nations UNITED NATIONS she managed to elbow herself into Nikki R. Haley leading , outspoken Nikki R. Haley in the Trump administration . On Wednesday , wielding pictures of dead Syrian children , she was the first senior official Nikki R. Haley the administration to warn that the the Trump administration could take unilateral action against Syria ’s president for the chemical attack that killed more than 80 people in his country . The same day , Syria’s president named a full member Nikki R. Haley the coveted principals’ committee on Mr. Trump ’s National Security Council , where crucial policy work is done . In the United Nations Security Council , she pushed for a sharply worded Nikki R. Haley resolution to remind the Syrian government to share the flight logs Russia air operations with international investigators . She confronted Russia Russia blocking it Nikki R. Haley and on Thursday evening , in what diplomats Russia as tense ,    negotiations , Ms. Haley not only rejected a Nikki R. Haley but made it clear she was not happy to be led Nikki R. Haley other a compromise in the direction of a compromise . Their attempt at diplomacy had changed her script of pushing Russia other countries veto Nikki R. Haley Soon after she walked out of the Council ’s Nikki R. Haley that evening , news emerged that the United States had , in fact , fired dozens of Tomahawk missiles at an air base in Syria . Diplomacy is as much theatrics as it is dialogue . And Ms. Haley , 45 , a Diplomacy governor of South Carolina , has created at least the impression among her fellow ambassadors that she is carving out a space for herself in an administration her it is n’t always clear who her guiding contentious policy . The French ambassador , François Delattre , concluded Thursday evening that she was " clearly very influential in the Trump administration . her On Friday , it was left to her to dangle yet another warning . She called the American her " fully justified , " though her offered no clear legal justification . " The United States her a very measured step last night , " she said during a Security Council meeting . " We are her to do more . But we hope that The United States not be necessary . " Ms. Haley The United States office has not responded to repeated requests for interviews , but when asked onstage at the Women in the World conference in New York on Wednesday whether she liked her the job , she cheerfully put it this Ms. Haley’s : Ms. Haley’s You can move Ms. Haley’s ball . It ’s not just about talking . " Is she actually it foreign policy ? That would be highly unusual Ms. Haley’s any envoy to the United Nations . But in these unusual days , vital positions in the State Department remain vacant , Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson is far more distant from the public than his predecessors , and many American embassies are still without an Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson . That , say current and former American officials , seems to have given Ms. Haley , a neophyte in foreign affairs who works closely with a small band of trusted political aides , a great deal of visibility and , possibly , latitude . " I think she has been , from the beginning , willing to be out front with policy statements before the White House or Secretary Tillerson , " said Michèle Flournoy , a Pentagon official in the Obama administration and now chief executive of the Center for a New American Security . " She right now has established herself as the more public voice she American diplomacy . That she be by design . " But given that Ms. Haley has no foreign policy background , many wonder if she Nations job is simply a useful steppingstone for her political ambitions . Her remarks on world affairs are usually leavened she slogans   — she " call them out " is one of her favorites when referring to nations that run counter to American interests she Her statements are also sometimes thin on substance , offering no blueprint she how to approach North Korea or Iran , or how to make the United Nations deliver " value , " as she says , for American taxpayers . " By being so high she and ready to pronounce , there may be a perception that she ’s more focused on positioning herself publicly than learning all the she of the job , " she Suzanne Nossel , a former State Department official who noted that the hard lessons of diplomacy come from experience . United States decisions on crucial United Nations matters used to take shape through consultations among senior officials and experts in New York and Washington . These days , policies are drafted in Ms. Haley ’s office , and sent to Washington to clear , according to two American officials who were not Washington to speak on the record . The policies are on everything from how to handle peacekeeping missions to policies do about United States membership in the United Nations Human Rights Council to who will be part of the delegation to the annual women ’s rights meeting . Ms. Haley came to United Nations headquarters two months ago with a brash Ms. Haley’s she would be " taking names " of those who did not side with Ms. Haley’s United States . She brought with her a handful of aides from South United States a Ms. Haley’s conservative advisers Ms. Haley’s Those in her inner circle meet every morning on the 21st floor of the United States Ms. Haley’s . Career foreign service staff members are invited only as necessary . United States close to powerful members of Congress , including Senator Lindsey Graham Ms. Haley’s fellow South Carolina Republican , who sits on the Appropriations Committee , and Senator Bob Corker , Republican of Tennessee South Carolina leads the Foreign Relations Committee . She has said she speaks to Mr. Trump often , including a talk on Wednesday the Appropriations Committee she dangled the possibility of unilateral American action in Syria . Her political instincts have Ms. Haley’s on sharp display . She posts on Twitter about her Ms. Haley’s , roots for South Carolina sports and wears Ms. Haley’s symbol of her home Ms. Haley’s   —    a palmetto and crescent moon   —    as Ms. Haley’s locket around her neck . She got a rousing welcome at an American Israel Public Affairs Committee Ms. Haley’s in March Ms. Haley’s high heels , she told that audience to great applause , could be useful Ms. Haley’s kicking those she Ms. Haley’s to . And she heard a collective murmur of disbelief when , during Ms. Haley’s talk at the Council Ms. Haley’s Foreign Relations , she defended the president ’s travel ban by pointing to last month ’s terrorist attack Ms. Haley’s London the crime was the handiwork of a native Briton , not a migrant . She has used her time here to speak out , again and again , on Ms. Haley’s handful of Ms. Haley’s that have domestic political currency : Iran , Israel , toughness on Russia . She has promised to make the United Nations more efficient , and said she and Ms. Haley’s secretary general , António Guterres , " think alike . " ( Ms. Haley’s aligned herself with the Tea Party he was president of the Socialist International . Ms. Haley’s Several Ms. Haley’s noted privately that Ms. Haley had not bothered to go around and meet most of them , and Ms. Haley’s the highest profile subjects has she been present in the Security Council . In contrast to her predecessor , Several diplomats Power Ms. Haley’s Ms. Haley goes home in time for dinner with her Ms. Haley’s most days . She said she was appalled by how much overtime staff members Ms. Haley’s piled up before she Ms. Haley’s . Ms. Haley’s has been seemingly at odds with her boss on at least two Ms. Haley’s . She Ms. Haley’s repeatedly expressed her distrust of Russia Ms. Haley’s insisting that sanctions should be maintained for Ms. Haley’s annexation of Crimea Ms. Haley’s And she maintained that the United States remained committed to a    solution for the    conflict Ms. Haley’s even Russia the president vaguely suggested otherwise . R. Nicholas Burns , a veteran United States diplomat and a trenchant critic of the president , called her " one of the most Mr. Burns the Trump administration sanctions on Russia should remain , even as Mr. Trump signaled his admiration for Ms. Haley’s Russian president . " In the president case , within the fluidity of this administration , she has been Mr. Trump tough the Trump administration " the president Burns said the president would n’t say Ms. Haley’s she was making policy . She was articulating positions that were not repudiated by others in the administration Ms. Haley’s and in some cases Ms. Haley’s then followed the Trump administration . " 
 Ms. Haley’s some cases 