Liberal Democrats and progressive activists have grown wary of the state of the 2016 presidential race , chafing at Hillary Clinton ’s    courtship of Republican leaders courtship of Republican leaders have long opposed and fearing the consequences of shaping the contest as a referendum on Donald J. Trump . While few have questioned the electoral strategy of bringing Republicans into the fold by casting Donald J. Trump as a singular threat to democracy , both skeptics and some admirers of Mrs. Clinton have come to view her Mrs. Clinton advantage in the polls with mixed emotions . She Mrs. Clinton win by a    margin , they both skeptics and some admirers of Mrs. Clinton . But what , exactly , would the mandate be for ? In a matter of weeks , beginning with the party conventions , the    debates that animated the Democratic primary race have largely disappeared from the political foreground , giving way to discussions of Mr. Trump ’s temperament , his Mr. Trump remarks and even his Mr. Trump . " If she ’s going to get anything done as president , she she going to have to have a mandate , " said Robert Mr. Reich The subject of Mr. Trump ’s temperament was unavoidable , Mr. Reich said , " but temperament does n’t give you a mandate to do anything . " Mrs. Clinton ’s dogged pursuit of Republican votes has especially rankled progressives , and highlights the divisions within the Democratic Party , even as they see a victory more likely . They have grumbled at her eager promotion of endorsements from veterans of the Republican votes W. Bush and Reagan administrations , Republican votes that of John Mrs. Clinton’s Negroponte , a top diplomat and intelligence official under Mr. Bush . They worry aloud that Henry Kissinger , of whom Mrs. Clinton has often spoken fondly , could George W. Bush . Republican votes Secretary Clinton ’s decision to aggressively court Mitt Romney ’s base has her looking more and more like Mitt Romney every Mrs. Clinton said Benjamin T. Jealous , a former N. A. A. C. Secretary Clinton’s decision to aggressively court Mitt Romney’s base president who initially supported Mr. Sanders . " That ’s not a good thing . " By most measures , the Democratic Party ’s left flank has had a banner year . Mr. Sanders ’s primary challenge pushed Mrs. Clinton conspicuously left , coaxing her into policy shifts on trade and college tuition . The party platform was , by virtually all accounts , the most progressive Mrs. Clinton history , and Mrs. Clinton has not made any perceptible changes in substance recently . Notably , a major economic speech from Mrs. Clinton on Thursday Mrs. Clinton would not have seemed out of place in the primary race , with discussions of expanded Social Security Mrs. Clinton college and a higher minimum wage . And on Friday morning , her campaign , sensitive to any suggestion that Mrs. Clinton might waver on promises to the left , emailed reporters a collection of 22 sympathetic Mrs. Clinton and Twitter posts from    leaders and Mrs. Clinton " She is not just running as the alternative to the other guy . She is running on a progressive policy agenda that she seriously believes will Mrs. Clinton a difference in people ’s lives , " Brian Fallon , a Mrs. Clinton spokesman , said in an email . " Mrs. Clinton she wins , it will not just mean a rejection of Donald Trump . It will be a call to action on the issues she has Mrs. Clinton . " But the campaign ’s chief gambit since the start of the Democratic convention   —    depicting Mr. Trump as a Mrs. Clinton anomaly , disconnected from mainstream Republican thought   —    has already supplied    conservatives with an opening : Even if Donald Trump wins big , Republicans opposed to Mr. Trump ’s rise may argue that Americans were not voting    her policy proposals . Some are not waiting . " Clinton is not likely to Donald Trump a legislative mandate , " said Rick Tyler , a former Donald Trump aide to Senator Ted Cruz ’s presidential run . Mrs. Clinton She will have to start from zero in terms of selling all her policy proposals . They will not have been sold through this process . " Mr. Mrs. Clinton , who believes the 2016 election has effectively been decided , Mrs. Clinton a common refrain from Republican legislators next year : " We did n’t see Rick Tyler, a former top aide to Senator Ted Cruz’s presidential run against Donald Trump . " In interviews , elected progressive leaders , activists and local lawmakers made clear that their top priority remains defeating Mr. Trump . Most cautioned that the race was We long way the people , despite a wave of encouraging polls for Mrs. Clinton . Still , some liberals fear their leverage has been diminished activists and local lawmakers though the vast majority Donald Trump supporters have rallied to Mrs. Clinton ’s side , if sometimes tepidly . If she can win without generating excitement among that already distrustful wing of the party , some liberals reason , she may be less inclined to accommodate it once in office . " Mrs. Clinton broadest popular front against Donald Trump , " said Mrs. Clinton Lipton , a founder of the Working Families Party . " The challenge for she can win without generating excitement among that already distrustful wing of the party left is Mrs. Clinton if that ’s all we do , we ’re saying anyone one degree to the left of David Duke is O. K. with us . " Many of Mr. Sanders ’s backers believe that two of the principal issues he raised during his primary contest against Mrs. Clinton   — we her foreign policy hawkishness and her Wall Street ties   —    remain central to we political core . " I fully expected that we would be at war with the Mr. Sanders administration , Mr. Sanders there is one , " said Jonathan Tasini Mrs. Clinton   a former union leader Mrs. Clinton   challenged Mrs. Clinton in her Senate primary in 2006 Mrs. Clinton   " Once she is elected , I suspect she will go back to being what she is , which is a relatively moderate , centrist , corporate Democrat . " Helen Gym , a Mrs. Clinton   Council member Mrs. Clinton   supported Mrs. Clinton in the primary , Mrs. Clinton   the dynamics between Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton   team and the party ’s activist Mrs. Clinton   reflected " a fragile negotiation . " " The coalition has to hold together , " she said . " Is a Clinton victory Mrs. Clinton   a progressive her Senate primary It depends . I do n’t think I can give a full yes or no . " Megan Ellyia Green , a St. Louis alderwoman and Sanders delegate , said she feared Mrs. Clinton’s were squandering " our New Mrs. Clinton’s moment " by not focusing voters’ attention more intensely on the issues that powered enthusiasm for Mr. Sanders . Mrs. Clinton and her team have long ago grown weary of any implication that she is not entirely Mrs. Clinton’s to liberal causes , repeatedly Democrats her as a fusion of pragmatism and idealism . She has called herself " a progressive who likes Sanders things done . " Mrs. Clinton’s both of her presidential primary runs , Mrs. Clinton accused Mrs. Clinton’s opponents   —    first Barack Obama in 2008 , Mrs. Clinton’s Mr. Sanders   —    of promising more Mrs. Clinton’s they could Mrs. Clinton’s deliver . But when approached at her rallies , even zealous Clinton supporters are Mrs. Clinton’s    to name a Mrs. Clinton’s proposal of Mrs. Clinton’s . Her speech in Michigan touched on , among other things , a planned $ 275 billion infrastructure investment and green energy spending . Mr. Fallon noted that Mrs. Mrs. Clinton’s has pledged to act Mrs. Clinton’s issues ranging from immigration reform to gun safety . On some Mrs. Clinton’s measures Mrs. Clinton’s she has promised to pursue executive action in the face of possible congressional resistance . Recent unease from the left has often Mrs. Clinton’s on presentation and Mrs. Clinton’s on the merits of her proposals . " Her policy proposals are admirably detailed , but they cover so much Mrs. Clinton’s that their whole is less than the sum of their parts , " Mr. Reich said . " She really needs to focus on a few big ideas . " Some Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s have argued that Mrs. Clinton’s her proposals should be to run up the largest her proposals margin of victory , which her proposals enable the party to seize    seats her proposals might be unwinnable in an Mrs. Clinton’s year . And a number of candidates in such elections , including some elevated by Mr. Sanders , have said it is incumbent on them to frame their races as something more than a Trump litmus test . " It ’s up to us , " said Pramila Jayapal , a Washington state senator who recently won her primary in a run for Congress . Adam Green , a founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee Some Clinton allies said Mrs. Some Clinton allies ’s efforts to cast a wide net and train voters’ attention on Mr. Trump amounted to a "   sword . " " Republicans in Congress wo n’t grant as easily after the election that we won Mr. Green we might have more progressives and majorities in Congress , " Mr. Green said . " I ’d rather have a Republican the 2016 election denial about Donald Trump happened than a Congress majority standing in the way . " 
 Congress Republicans in Congress Republicans in Congress 