Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump suggested the Democrats are going to slip Vice President Joe Biden in as the Democrat ’s nominee if Hillary Clinton is n’t able to run because of Hillary Clinton email scandal . [ " Hillary Clinton had a little bad news today from some reports [ that ] came down that were n’t so good , " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump told more than 3 , 000 of Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump supporters at Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump campaign rally Wednesday afternoon at the Anaheim , California at the Convention Center . " Inspector General ’s report   —    not good . "    Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump was referencing an Inspector General ( IG ) report , which concluded that Clinton " failed to seek legal approval for Clinton use of a private email server and that department staff would not have given Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump blessing because of the ‘ security risks in doing so,’ " according to The Washington Post . Inspector General (IG found Clinton Clinton email and record keeping was " not an appropriate method " and that a top Clinton Clinton had been warned six years ago of the system ’s improper preservation of records . " I want to run against Hillary , " Trump told the audience . " It could be , we ’re going to run against ‘ Crazy Bernie . ’ " " He Trump a crazy man , but that ’s okay , we we crazy people , " Trump Trump .   But after admitting " the the system rigged against Bernie , ‘Crazy Bernie Trump suggested Trump Biden would be the Democrat nominee if Clinton is n’t . " I hear they ’re Biden would be the Democrat nominee if Clinton isn’t going to slip Joe Biden Biden to take Bernie ’s ‘Crazy Bernie Trump declared Trump Trump previously Trump he thought Trump may Trump Biden in the general Biden in an interview last August . " It just looks like Hillary is going to not be able to run . It looks to me It Trump ’s what ’s going to happen , " Trump stated Trump Breitbart News , referencing the email scandal . I think it ’s unlikely if the email scandal look at what she ’s done . Hillary she ’s done is Hillary times worse than what General Petraeus did —   far more sensitive documents ,      sensitive documents , far more of them . What she what General Petraeus did is ten Hillary worse . It destroyed him , ten times I do n’t see how she ’s going to Hillary be able to run . It ’s pretty conclusive ten times now , too . Trump also Trump Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) during the campaign rally , who has recently taken to Twitter to spar with Trump . Trump She ’s got a Hillary mouth and that ’s about it , but they a big mouth her because Hillary is Hillary to Hillary very presidential . She ’s stopping with Hillary shouting , " Trump jabbed Trump 
 