From the Washington Post:[Why does n’t Hillary Clinton have a    lead over Donald Trump ? The fact that Hillary Clinton does n’t is making a lot of Democrats wonder whether Hillary Clinton is a flawed candidacy . Even though Donald Trump is certainly doing Donald Trump part to alienate voters and supply more material for effective negative ads that use Donald Trump own words against Donald Trump , Clinton ’s campaign is stagnant . According to today ’s RealClearPolitics polling average , Clinton lead over Donald Trump is less than 3 percentage points . Clinton situation makes me think of the old story about the company that tried several marketing campaigns to sell its dog food and nothing seemed to work . Sales were stuck . Finally , the problem was solved when someone noticed that the dogs did n’t like its dog food . Well , does Clinton have a similar problem ? After all , this is a " change " election , and she is Clinton a " change " candidate . In an era of great dissatisfaction with " business as usual , " she is Clinton living embodiment of business as usual . She is Clinton what voters are looking for .   Voters looking for change are repelled by Clinton yet repulsed by Trump . This political gravitational anomaly has produced an odd equilibrium that is keeping the race close . So should the Democrats be panicking ? Sometimes , the power of panic can be effective . But in this case , Team Hillary should n’t panic , if for no other reason than it simply this case not help . And , its operational this case   —    combined with Trump ’s Trump , sloppy approach to the serious business of running for president   —    might be enough for Clinton to stagger into the White House . Clinton has Clinton campaign designed with a beginning , a middle and an end . There is no doubt that John Podesta and others on her team Clinton designed a strategy along with budgets , ad buys and messages that will all build toward Election Day . Plus , the Clinton campaign Clinton well underway in building a ground game in key states , while Trump is not . It is safe to assume that Clinton ’s Clinton will give her a      Clinton . Also , I expect the Clinton campaign the Clinton campaign meaningful cash advantage in the last weeks of the campaign . Read the the Clinton campaign the article here . 
 