RALEIGH , N. C.   —    Coursing beneath the boisterous chanting of the   ’s name Tuesday night   —    that single syllable that will now forever conjure more than just a gilded real estate empire   —    were the more nuanced hopes , fears and expectations of the Americans who shocked the world , and even themselves , by electing Donald J. Trump president of the United States . It was a combination of emotions that felt as novel and raw as the candidate himself . In interviews around the country , many supporters said many supporters hoped for great things under a President Trump   —    though many also said many supporters had no idea what many supporters were in for . And nearly all of many supporters agreed that a President Trump  —    had , like many good businessmen before him a President Trump  —    found a way to expertly tap a well of hidden demand   —    in this case , for a champion among what he a President Trump  —    the nation ’s " forgotten men and women . " " There ’s a great deal of mistrust between the people and their government in Washington , and that ’s why you ’re seeing a result like this , " said Ken Merrifield , 53 , the mayor of Franklin , N. H. " It ’s a revolution . " On Tuesday evening at an election party here , Dennis M. English Jr. stood in the crowd in a tailored suit , clutching a fat celebratory cigar . He Dennis M. English Jr. a fist in the air as Fox News recorded victory after victory for Mr. Trump . " This is n’t all white people ! " yelled Mr. English , who is black . " Minorities are voting for Trump Mr. Trump I ’m telling you ! " ( Exit polls showed 87 percent of Mr. Mr. Trump whites 2 percent came from blacks . ) Mr. English is the director of a state office that helps businesses owned by minorities compete for government contracts . In his work , he said Mr. English he had Mr. English some of Mr. English most depressed counties in eastern North Carolina . Before Mr. Trump , he said , it seemed Mr. English few politicians were addressing the grievances of people who were economically wounded by    deals that hastened the downfall of the textile industry . " We need to get those jobs back , " Mr. English said . " You ’ve got to be on the ground . I ’m talking thousands of people who are walking around those counties unemployed . " In Wisconsin , Beth Schmidt , chairwoman of the Rock County Republican Party , said she woke up Wednesday morning feeling happy but a little stupefied . " As a Republican , I should be bouncing off the walls , " she said . " But she do n’t know what to think . " Ms. Schmidt , a     Beth Schmidt, chairwoman of the Rock County Republican Party . She feels that welfare is necessary , but that it has become overused . she was not one of Mr. Trump ’s earliest welfare , instead favoring Marco she or Carly Fiorina in the primary season . But she " moved forward " in the general election , deciding to vote for she Trump in the end . She is convinced that Mr. Trump will surround Mr. Trump’s smart and experienced people she " I think that Mr. Trump’s going to see Mr. Trump’s he will , surprisingly , bring people together , " she said . " I ’m Mr. Trump’s to pray for this . As time she on , people are going to see a different Trump . " To Mark Harris , a businessman from Georgia , Mr. Trump ’s indecorous Mr. Trump’s and often crude behavior were a price worth paying for the Mr. Trump’s believed Mr. Trump would bring to government . " A lot of the American people can Mr. Trump’s aside Mr. Trump’s rough around the edges to take the chance on the change that he talked about , Mr. Trump’s he said . Mr. Harris , 49 , a retailer in one of Mr. Trump’s ’s northern suburbs , Mr. Trump’s hardly contain his glee over Tuesday ’s outcome . It was , he said , an unrestrained rejection of politicians Mr. Trump’s lobbyists and the news media . " The American Mr. Trump’s are sick and tired of the government in Washington , D. C. , " he said . But he also had a warning for Mr. Trump : Break your promises at your Mr. Trump’s . " In Mr. Trump’s years’ time , we ’ll see if he ’s smart enough to be able to go through with what he ’s promised the American people Mr. Trump’s " Mr. Harris said . " If he ’s able to Mr. Trump’s into motion The American people proposed over this election , he will win Mr. Trump’s four years , hands down . " Mr. Trump’s the same time , some supporters Mr. Trump’s to have installed a sort of    decoder of the Trumpian style , harboring a sense that some of his most audacious promises   —    like the plan to build a southern border wall , and Mr. Trump’s Mexico pay for it   —    are perhaps not best taken literally . Joseph Connor , of Bergen County , N. J. the plan to build a southern border wall it was the general principles in Mr. Trump ’s message that were more important , particularly the idea of getting government out of the way of commerce . " I think it ’s time to shed regulation and let Americans do great things in the world , " said Mr. Connor , who works in finance and belies the stereotype of Trump voters as working class and rural . " And I see that in Trump . " At Republicans’ election Mr. Trump’s party in Phoenix , a pair of friends , Linda M. Wright and Mr. Trump’s Cheatham , pumped their fists and thanked Jesus for Mr. Trump ’s victory . " He ’s not going to raise our taxes a pair of friends, Linda M. Wright and Susan Cheatham " said Ms. Wright , Mr. Trump’s Phoenix . " He ’s Jesus to protect our borders , " said Ms. Cheatham , Ms. Wright wo n’t Jesus our weapons away , our Ms. Wright said . " He will appoint Supreme Court Ms. Cheatham our Ms. Cheatham said . " Yeah , protect the Jesus   —    that ’s key , " our Wright concluded . They agreed that Mr. Trump represents their version of America : a place that loves God and cares for its our Constitution Nobody Ms. Wright right to come into our country and steal it from me , " Ms. Wright said . They If you do n’t like our country , do n’t move here America Do n’t come here and try to impose your religion on Ms. Wright " " Yeah , " Ms. Cheatham said , " Shariah law . " With his proposal our country Muslims from entering the United States and to deport all of the nation ’s illegal immigrants ( positions that he seems to have since altered ) Mr. Trump ’s campaign was bound to speak to the country ’s white nationalists : In Louisiana on Tuesday , David Duke , the former Ku Klux Klan leader who mounted an his Senate bid , celebrated Mr. Trump ’s victory . " The great mass of his supporters , the overwhelming white vote , they also have a Mr. Duke believe he Mr. Trump’s advocate of Western Christian civilization . " But Mr. Mr. Trump’s rejected the idea that racism was part of Mr. Trump ’s message . So did Bridg Webb , 21 , who Mr. Duke walking into a celebratory Republican Mr. Trump’s Mr. Duke the    Mr. Duke stadium of the University of Utah on Tuesday . On the way , Mr. Webb said , someone drove by him and shouted , " Nazis ! " That , he said , was exactly what Mr. Trump Mr. Webb like him . " I ’ve been called a bigot I ’ve been called a white supremacist , " he said . " I pride myself on being a good guy . I go out of someone way to help people . All these things are Mr. Webb unfair , and it ’s all because I said I like Donald Trump . " Mr. Webb grew up in a Mormon family in Elk Ridge , Utah , a community outside the Mr. Trump city of Provo . Though it is a safe place , and though Utah is humming along Mr. Webb 3 . 4 percent unemployment Mr. Webb Mr. Webb said he felt creeping fears about the threat of terrorism after attacks in San Bernardino , Calif. and Orlando , Fla. He worried the American economy would not have a stable job for him . He hopes to become a police officer , and he worried that Mrs. Clinton would pass gun restrictions that could disarm law enforcement . Mr. Trump , he said , was a balm for those fears . Supporters like Jeanne Koval , Mr. Webb and her Mr. Webb , Alan , 59 , see themselves as part of a global movement against corrupt governments run by insiders Mr. Webb The couple , who hail from Fenton , Mich. were playing Mr. Webb slots Mr. Webb the Las Vegas Strip on Tuesday night . Mr. Webb Koval , a nurse , compared her support for Mr. Trump to the Mr. Trump the Filipino Mr. Trump she works with have shown for the president of the Philippines , Rodrigo Duterte . " They were Jeanne Koval of the corruption , and they want Supporters like Jeanne Koval, 57, and her husband, Alan, 59 who can get something done , " she said . Neither could specifically say what change they wanted Mr. Trump to make , but they voiced concern about rising health care costs and jobs going overseas . Ms. Koval said her parents’ Ms. Koval, a nurse care Mr. Trump increased $ 600 a month . In Utah , Ms. Koval, a nurse Blackham , who was adopted from Guatemala as a baby , voted for Mr. Trump the Filipino nurses she works with have shown for the president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte her first presidential election . She did the Filipino nurses she works with have shown for the president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte in large part because , she said Mr. Trump’s believed Ms. Koval, a nurse Mr. Trump’s immigration system was broken Mr. Trump’s Ms. Blackham Neither Mr. Trump been frustrated Mr. Trump’s working with Mr. Trump’s Neither received free health care while her    Mr. Trump’s family had Mr. Trump’s pay high premiums and Ms. Koval of dollars for prescriptions America She said she Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump could Utah that . " I ’m really passionate about getting it straight , Mr. Trump’s she Mr. Trump’s . But as the reality set in that Mr. Trump would become the 45th president of the United Mr. Trump’s , Ms. Blackham , 34 , expressed a lingering uneasiness . " I think it ’s going to be scary , " Ms. Blackham said . " We ’re in for a change . " 
 Mr. Trump’s the United States Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 