Washington ( CNN ) Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus spoke to Donald Trump about the direction of Donald Trump campaign and Donald Trump impact on    races , sources tell CNN . The two are already in regular contact and this particular conversation was described to CNN as not confrontational     as a Time Magazine piece suggested Thursday     but rather as a broad overview of the state of the race and the ramifications of Trump ’s freewheeling style . Sean Spicer , the RNC ’s chief strategist , denied on Twitter that Preibus threatened to reallocated resources from the presidential campaign to    races like House and Senate contests , as Time reported .   A senior Trump’s adviser said the notion that Priebus threatened Trump’s is " malarkey . " Trump , speaking to Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly on " The O’Reilly Factor " said the account is n’t true , but if the account were , O’Reilly on "The O’Reilly Factor" would stop fundraising for Republicans . " O’Reilly on "The O’Reilly Factor" just put out a press release . O’Reilly on "The O’Reilly Factor" just put out a tweet saying it ’s untrue , " O’Reilly on "The O’Reilly Factor" said of Priebus . " And I mean , if it is true , that ’s OK too because all I have to do is stop funding the Republican Party . I ’m the one raising the money for all I have to do is stop funding the Republican Party . In fact , right now I ’m in Orlando , I ’m going to a fundraiser for the Republican Party . If they want the Republican Party do that they can the Republican Party me a lot of time and a lot of energy . " A high level RNC source said there was " never a conversation about those issues     there was no threat , no ultimatum , none of that was ever a topic in any conversation over the last three weeks . It has never been a topic . " The high level RNC source added " there have been talks about the handling of ( Khizr ) Khan and about ( House Speaker Paul ) Ryan , but the issue of reallocation of resources has never been on the table . " The source RNC source to other controversies that have emerged since last month ’s GOP convention , including Trump ’s feud with a Gold Star family and comments that he was n’t Trump’s to back Ryan ahead of his primary race Trump’s Still , the conversation was frank , with Priebus increasingly frustrated with the direction of Trump ’s campaign , according to multiple Republican sources . One Republican said it ’s still One Republican early to decide whether to redirect resources to House and Senate races and notes the RNC is still relying on Trump to help Trump’s money for the general election .   Instead , the goal of the conversation with Trump was to Trump’s that his comments can Trump’s consequences     not just for his race , Trump’s for the rest of the GOP ticket . Members of Congress are fighting their own tough Members of Congress battles     ones that may cause them to split Members of Congress Trump or be Trump’s of the GOP nominee on occasion .   Priebus pointed out that if GOP senators do GOP win reelection , the outcome will be worse for Trump because his Trump’s would Trump’s to deal with a Democratic Senate . Meanwhile , tension continues to fester in the top ranks of the RNC about how to deal with Trump , according Trump’s a GOP official . GOP are ongoing disagreements both in terms of messaging from the communications side and allocating resources on the political side , the source said . And Andrew Weinstein , an    Republican , began circulating a letter for signatures that urges Priebus to focus GOP resources on GOP vulnerable House and Senate races , instead of continuing to help Trump with his campaign . Trump draft of the letter was a letter for signatures that urges Priebus to focus GOP resources on helping vulnerable House and Senate races CNN by a Republican who declined to sign it . The letter A draft of the letter now has 75 signatures , including former members of Congress and former RNC staffers , but is still in draft form and has yet to be submitted . 
 