New York , NY   —    Speaking here at a press conference outside United Nations headquarters , former U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton cautioned the Obama administration against supporting unilateral the United Nations action on the    conflict during former U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton final weeks in office . [ Aaron Klein , Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief , also participated in the event , where former U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton warned unilateral the United Nations declarations could potentially damage the Middle East peace process and cause significant harm to Israel .   Click below to watch :   " For 50 years we have had a bipartisan foreign policy in Israel that ultimately peace and security in Middle East has to come from an agreement of all the parties , " stated Bolton . " We ’ve got a president here who sadly has the worst     relationship with the State of Israel since the Israel state was created in 1948 . Right now , we have a We in the    period who could take steps that violate this 50 years bipartisan agreement that it is not for the United States or anyone else to impose what the final peace terms will be between Israel and the Israel parties in the Middle East . " Klein explained , " As you might have heard , President Obama is possibly considering , and there is a lot of information that this is very serious , some sort of unilateral UN resolution to either declare a Palestinian state    to set a timetable to create a Palestinian state , or condemn the settlements , aka the Jewish communities of the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem . Clearly this is a diplomatic assault . " Bolton encouraged Obama to continue following U. S. policy towards Israel by vetoing any    resolutions or movements to impose parameters on    negotiations . " Voting for any of these resolutions is something we urge the president not to undertake , " Bolton said . Bolton We want to we here today and alert people to the threat we are facing we urge everybody who values the only functioning democracy in the Middle East , who values U.   relations and the importance of peace and security in that critical region of the world , to let President Obama know we want him we uphold President Obama years of bipartisan foreign policy and not deviate from it in the 50 years of bipartisan foreign policy days of his administration . President Obama The press conference was organized by the OJ Chamber of Commerce Public Policy Division and the Zionist Organization of America ( ZOA ) . Other speakers included ZOA President Morton Klein , OJ Chamber of OJ executive vice Commerce Dr. Joseph Frager , and Duvi Honig , the OJ Chamber the OJ Chamber of Commerce executive officer .   The press conference was organized in part by the OJ Chamber ’s Odeleya Jacobs the OJ Chamber of Commerce operations director , Devorah Wahl . Honig urged Obama " not to be fooled   by the intentions of the UN , " saying    actions at the UN body are " driven by    hate packaged as candy . " Frager explained the press conference was called to protect the special relationship between the U. S. and Israel , and to warn against UN intentions in the coming weeks . The ZOA the UN Mort Klein warned there was a " real basis for fear " that the UN will attempt to harm Israel with unilateral the UN The Palestinian Authority has reportedly Israel lobbying President Obama not to veto a potential UN resolution regarding the creation of a Palestinian state or the UN of Israel ’s settlements that could be introduced some time early Israel before    Donald Trump takes office on January 20 . Speaking to the Saban Forum in Washington earlier this month , Secretary of State John Kerry refused to confirm that the U. S. would veto a UN resolution intended to set guidelines for the establishment of a Palestinian state , allowing only that the Obama administration would veto a resolution " if it is a biased , unfair resolution calculated to delegitimize Israel . " Congress last month issued a nonbinding resolution opposing UN action , instead highlighting the importance of direct negotiations between UN parties . The last time the UN Security Council passed a resolution that was critical of Israeli settlements was in 1980 just before President Jimmy Carter left office . Recently , President Carter has written an    in the New York Times President Jimmy Carter President Obama not to veto a    UN resolution and to facilitate unilateral recognition of a Palestinian the UN Security Council Meanwhile , during the QA segment of the press conference , when asked by this reporter how Egypt can play a role with the incoming Trump administration regarding future engagement in    negotiations , Bolton responded that he believes a lot of " repair work diplomatically " is needed for Bolton U. S. to be a force for some stability in the region . " Well , I think we ’ve seen such a deterioration in U. S.   Egyptian relations since the Arab spring that there ’s a lot of repair work diplomatically that needs to be done and I think that General    has reaffirmed his support for the Camp David agreement , which the Muslim Brotherhood had General    , but the conduct of our policy over the past seven years , really , has left almost all segments of the Egyptian population distrustful of the United States , " Bolton said . " It has left governments in other Arab countries wondering General    they can count on the United States . Our credibility has suffered here governments I think repairing the United States ’s our done so that the United States can be a force for stability in the region is something that the United States an urgent priority in the new administration . " 
 