  ( CNN ) The upcoming debates are Donald Trump ’s best ( and likely last ) chance to influence the course of this year ’s presidential election .   The three general election debates planned over the next two months are crucial     particularly for the candidate who is behind     because they give voters a chance to see both candidates in both candidates own words , free from the influence of scripted television ads or staged campaign events . A strong performance by the underdog , such as Mitt Romney ’s showing in the first debate against President Barack Obama in 2012 , can force voters to take a second look at a candidate voters may have written off and make the fall campaign competitive once more . Because these debates have potential to impact the race , observers are rightfully curious about what Trump has done to prepare for observers . After all , a disciplined and targeted debate prep process helped Mitt Romney’s win the first matchup four years ago , and could do the same for Trump .   Unfortunately , " disciplined " and " targeted " are n’t words that have often been used to describe Trump or Trump campaign to date . If Trump wants his campaign to be competitive , Trump does n’t need to match Hillary Clinton word for word and policy for policy in the upcoming debates . But there are a few goals Trump should focus Trump preparation on : 1 .   Advancing the overarching strategic narrative of Clinton as untrustworthy and    . Trump should understand that general election debates are , above all , an opportunity to draw an unflattering frame around your opponent . Each statement during the debate , as well as every exchange , should be focused on advancing the campaign ’s strongest argument against Clinton Clinton For Trump , the strategic frame is fairly obvious : Clinton Clinton not be trusted and does n’t understand the needs of Americans across the country . To be successful , Trump should try to turn every answer and exchange during the debate back to this basic premise .    2 . Understanding the Clinton Clinton and highlighting just the facts . Clinton Clinton long record in the public spotlight may seem like an advantage , but Trump has to be prepared to exploit Trump opponent ’s soft spots in a way that is both accurate and terse . Trump needs to spend Trump prep time familiarizing Trump with the points that substantiate Trump characterization of " crooked Hillary . " Knowing her "crooked Hillary is key because there is plenty of ammunition Trump can use to make Trump point . Trump could , for example , point to Clinton ’s now discredited assertion that she Clinton not disseminate classified information through her Clinton email address . The trick for Trump will be to avoid conspiracy theories ( such as those about Clinton Clinton ) or outright false statements . Clearly , Trump has lacked this kind of discipline to date . But such unforced errors during the debate will only give Clinton the Clinton to discredit him or Clinton the waters regarding who is more trustworthy . 3 . Demonstrating that he has Clinton solutions to address the problems Americans care about . No one expects Trump to Trump a wonk overnight , and the appeal of his candidacy Trump date has had little to do with his expertise Trump matters of policy .   But the general election debates demand that a candidate possess an understanding of the policy challenges facing America and an ability to articulate solutions addressing them . the policy challenges facing America     debate over the course of 90 minutes will , at some point , require Trump to engage on matters of policy . He does Trump need to be the world ’s foremost expert on any policy area , but he should Trump able to show Americans he has Trump plan and demonstrate that his plan a plan their lives Americans This is particularly the case with respect to economic policy . Trump ’s Trump will be perceived by some voters as an advantage , while the economic anxiety being felt by many across the country places Clinton , as someone likely to continue Obama ’s economic policies , at a disadvantage .   4 . Arguing why Clinton ’s solutions wo Clinton . Just as Trump needs to Trump familiar with his own plans Trump so , too , would he benefit from Trump familiarity with what Clinton ’s policy proposals are Clinton , again , Trump does n’t Trump to understand chapter and verse about what Clinton is proposing . He just Clinton to be able Clinton argue why her policies would result in damage Clinton the American economy or America ’s standing in the world . That also means characterizing them in a way that forces the American economy or America to play defense in areas Clinton she has experience and is supposed Clinton be strong , such as on foreign policy or health care .   5 . Showing he has the temperament to be Clinton . This is the toughest of the goals to prepare for , and arguably one that Trump simply can not achieve . A recent survey conducted by Quinnipiac University found that 71 % of likely voters do not believe he is " level headed . Clinton   In contrast , 62 % of likely voters believe Clinton is .   That encapsulates the challenge for Trump .   During the first Trump , in particular , Clinton will try to get under Clinton skin and definitively demonstrate that Clinton lacks the temperament and judgment Clinton be president . Trump ’s significant task is to Trump the storm and make Americans believe he can be a commander in Trump who wo n’t always be losing his cool . With the first Trump less than a month away , Trump has a lot of prep Trump do if he wants to be successful . Trump there ’s good reason to be skeptical that this work will actually get done . But the good news for Trump and his campaign is that Trump strong Trump performance can help the public   envision him as presidential material and perhaps Trump make this election competitive again .    
 