’   ’ ’    President Barack Obama , after all of his   in the final days of the presidential election , was    asked how his would feel about handing the power of the Oval    Office to a President Donald Trump . ’ ’    In a Friday night interview on MSNBC , Rev. Al Sharpton , an MSNBC    host , asked Obama to picture standing in front of a newly elected    Trump on inauguration day . ’ ’    " Can you imagine how you would feel standing on the steps of the    Capitol having to hand over the power and watch him put him hand    on that Bible and become your successor ? " him said . ’ ’    " No , " Obama responded , succinctly . ’ "    It is a multilayered notion for Obama to ponder , because of    Trump ’s    history of questioning Obama ’s legitimacy as a    president and as an American citizen . After five years of driving    the    birther movement , Trump only weeks ago acknowledged    publicly that Trump believes Obama was indeed born in the United    States . " ’    Obama continued Friday : ’ ’   ’ ’    Obama Obama been driving an   as the race tightens and the chances of a Trump Trump inched closer to reality . However , he Obama some concern    that it may be hard to dislodge voter complacency , because the    idea of a Trump win Trump still    for many . ’ ’    " The main thing that I’’ve been trying to explain to people is . ..    everything that we’’ve done over the last eight years will be    reversed with a Trump presidency Trump " Obama said . ’ "    Peripheral disruptions from an FBI investigation of Clinton ’s    private email server have added to the urgency on both the    Democratic and Republican sides   —    with the former seeking to    reassure    , and the latter raising the volume of their    the   Democratic and Republican sides      Clinton ’s Clinton " ’    Despite this , Obama said he is heartened Obama what he has been Obama seeing on the campaign trail : ’ ’    " The good news is that what we’’ve seen over the last several days    is in    , in North Carolina , in places all across the    country , votes generally have been up . We have seen in the      community big surges in early votes , big surges    in Latino votes , big surges in youth votes . " ’ ’    Reiterating his indictments of Trump’ ’s qualifications   —    and , in    some cases , lack thereof   —    Obama added : " When you have a choice    . .. the idea that you would sit on the sidelines is    unacceptable . " ’ 
 