The New York Times has run yet another fake news article   —    this time , an " explainer " about " white nationalism " that features a photograph of Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon under the headline " White Nationalism , Explained . " [ Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon is not a " white nationalist . " In fact , Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon is not a racist at all , a fact attested to by everyone who has worked with Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , including the diverse staff at Breitbart News .   In two separate interviews conducted since Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon —    on leave from Breitbart   —    was appointed Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor to    Donald J. Trump , Bannon Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon made his Donald J. Trump, Bannon explicit . " I ’m not a white nationalist , I ’m ’m nationalist . I ’m ’m economic nationalist , " he Donald J. Trump, Bannon Michael Wolff of the Hollywood Reporter . Likewise , he Michael Wolff of the Hollywood Reporter Kimberly A. Strassel of the Wall Street Journal : " I ’ve never been a supporter of   . " And yet the Times presents Bannon as Exhibit A in " white nationalism . " The article ’s    author , Amanda Taub , reports the following in the text itself ( the portion emphasized also appears in the caption underneath the photograph of Bannon Bannon : Mr. Trump ’s appointment of Mr. Bannon his senior Bannon and chief West Wing strategist has , more than anything , brought white nationalism to the forefront of conversation . He is Bannon former editor of Breitbart News , a site he described Bannon August to Mother Jones as " the platform of the   . " Although the    is ideologically broader than white nationalism   —    it also the    neoreactionaries , monarchists , and    internet trolls   —    white nationalism makes up a significant part of its appeal white nationalism Note that Taub is careful not to say directly that Bannon is a " white nationalist "   —    because he is Taub , and she likely Taub it . However , she leads Taub to draw that conclusion , and leaves out anything that Bannon , Bannon Breitbart , said to the contrary . Taub ’s Taub the second " fake news " item on this topic in the past 24 hours . A    article by Joseph Goldstein on Monday claimed , falsely , that Breitbart " fed the lie that Mr. Obama is a    Muslim , " among other false claims . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 