If Governor Mitt Romney truly wanted to change the trajectory of the Republican nominating process in 2016 , Governor Mitt Romney could ’ve done one of two things:[1 )   Endorsed a candidate   —    thereby throwing Governor Mitt Romney fundraising apparatus and more importantly Governor Mitt Romney good name behind a single person or ,   2 )   Announced he himself would run for President . he did neither . Instead , Governor Mitt Romney did what the establishment has been doing for decades   …     talk . It the establishment all of about thirty seconds into his Governor Mitt Romney , arrogant lecture to remind voters just why they voters the the establishment why they are voters and tired of being used and why they are voters at being told how to vote . This was a classic Romney Governor Mitt Romney and production that somehow managed to encapsulate everything truly despised by rank and file Republicans . The staging lacked any sign of love , warmth or heart   —    ironically , so did Romney Governor Mitt Romney two failed runs at President . The backdrop was a repeating logo showcasing the Hinckley Institute . Never heard of ‘ em   —    and neither has 99 . 9 percent of the American electorate   —    though I ’m sure it ’s a fine " establishment . " Get it ? it was even a weird shadow cast over the lower half Gov. Romney ’s face for which I ’m sure ’m wittier person could produce a metaphor . What possesses a man who is the    son of a former Governor and Chairman and President of the American Motors Corporation to attack a guy for " inheriting " money ? But there it was , the candidate of car elevators , two Cadillacs   …     and yes , Rafalca inexplicably lecturing Americans about the ills of an inheritance . Vintage Romney elitist verbiage also made an unwelcome appearance . Talking about the election , he said Vintage Romney "   …     if we make improvident choices , the bright horizon I ’ve described will not materialize . " Improvident ? Really ? Even Gov. Romney ’s Vintage Romney on Hillary was n’t clean , clear or concise . He described Even Gov. Romney’s Clinton Hillary the families of four dead Americans about Benghazi this way , " She dissembled to Hillary families of the slain . " What ? And Trump is the bad messenger . Gov. Romney Even Gov. Romney’s cute contrived    that Trump was a " Trump " and a " conman . " Lapping up every drop of irony here , Gov. Romney was Even Gov. Romney’s Even Gov. Romney’s for two presidential cycles that was bludgeoned repeatedly for being a " phony " himself   …       Even Gov. Romney’s everything from abortion , healthcare , gay rights , taxes and immigration just to get elected . Oh , and did I mention that Gov. Romney wrote and Even Gov. Romney’s Even Gov. Romney’s , which was the blue print for Obamacare ? Attacking Trump ’s various business ventures was clumsy , odd and hypocritical . Back in 2012 , Gov. Romney sought and received Even Gov. Romney’s Even Gov. Romney’s Donald Trump and in the press conference Trump Trump ’s business acumen Even Gov. Romney’s ability saying , Trump Trump has shown an extraordinary ability to understand Trump economy works to create jobs for the American people China " Romney added , " He ’s Even Gov. Romney’s of the few Even Gov. Romney’s who stood up and said , ‘ You know what ? China has been cheating . They ’ve taken jobs from Americans . They have n’t China fair . ’ " Romney even China grinning and looking Even Gov. Romney’s Trump , " I ’ve spent my life in the Trump sector , not quite as successful as this guy . " While we ’re talking about 2012 , let ’s look at the vote totals for Gov. Romney in we election cycle Even Gov. Romney’s Even Gov. Romney’s exact same states for Donald Trump in 2016 . Gov. Romney had about 2 . Trump while Donald Trump has about 3 . 3 million votes . Trump has about Trump more votes than did Mitt Romney in the exact Trump states   Even Gov. Romney’s and he ’s doing it with a more crowded and    field than Mitt Romney ever Trump to face    Donald Trump Even Gov. Romney’s get here    of Donald Trump . He got here because of Trump people . There in lies the folly Trump feckless attack Trump Mitt Romney may think he is deriding Donald Trump , Even Gov. Romney’s is really demeaning Even Gov. Romney’s American people . Gov. Romney repeatedly Even Gov. Romney’s the voter to Trump think " Even Gov. Romney’s charges against Trump   the American people that ’s deeply offensive because it is a clear implication they have n’t done that already Trump the truly     would try and tell the GOP voter , " You ’re too stupid the voter know what you need and who to vote for , so I ’ll tell you what to do because I know what ’s best for you . " The establishment has been pompously pushing this for decades but now , the voters are revolting . This GOP Presidential campaign has rapidly descended into record depths of dysfunction and quite frankly , every candidate is to blame and now , sadly GOP so is Mitt Romney : a good businessman , a former Governor and a former GOP nominee for President , who yesterday , made a very improvident choice . Gidley is a communications and political consultant with more than GOP years experience Gidley recently , he served as National Senior Communications Adviser for Governor Mike Huckabee ’s campaign for President . Follow on Twitter and Instagram : @JHoganGidley . 
 Gidley 