  ( CNN ) It ’s hard for a vice president of the United States to disappear from sight . After all , you are the second most powerful person in the United States and all that . Despite those challenges , Vice President Mike Pence has been nearly invisible for the last 48 hours or so     even as the Trump Administration has been buffeted by a slew of negative stories that have occasioned a special counsel to be named to oversee the ongoing Russia probe . Pence Vice President Mike Pence spotted Tuesday by the    Kate Benett at a working lunch meeting with Turkish President Erdogan . ( The tweet containing that photo was deleted minutes after it went up and reposted hours later . ) On Wednesday , Pence Vice President Mike Pence nowhere to be seen for most of the day . His staff said that he His working on a series of speeches Pence is set to deliver the commencement address at Notre Dame on Sunday . Pence Vice President Mike Pence one public event was to honor Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders late in the the day Pence Vice President Mike Pence schedule today is a bit more robust . He spoke His the US Chamber of Commerce in the noon hour . He was His to give another speech at the Laffer Associates Washington conference this afternoon before attending a bilateral meeting with President Trump and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . Still , Pence Vice President Mike Pence spoken nary a word about the blockbuster news that Trump divulged classified information in an Oval Office meeting with two top Russian officials or the bombshell that Trump reportedly Trump then FBI Director James Comey to leave off an investigation into the Russia ties of former national security adviser Michael Flynn . Pence Vice President Mike Pence also said nothing publicly about the fact that Trump directly Trump his version Trump events surrounding Comey ’s FBI Director James Comey 9 days ago . What we did hear from Pence Vice President Mike Pence Thursday was via a statement , reacting to a New York Times report that Flynn had former national security adviser Michael Flynn transition officials that he was FBI Director James Comey federal investigation for secretly working as a paid lobbyist for Turkey .   " The vice president stands by his comments The vice president March upon first hearing the news regarding General Flynn former national security adviser Michael Flynn former national security adviser Michael Flynn and fully supports Turkey President ’s decision to ask for General Flynn ’s resignation former national security adviser Michael Flynn unnamed Pence aide told CNN . The issue with that statement , of course , is that Pence was the head of the Pence team . In that capacity , it seems somewhat hard to believe that Flynn ’s warning to White House former national security adviser Michael Flynn McGahn that he was under investigation never made it former national security adviser Michael Flynn Pence ’s ears . Even he was under investigation he Pence remained largely silent regarding Trump former national security adviser Michael Flynn current troubles , Pence began laying the groundwork for his Pence political future . On Wednesday former national security adviser Michael Flynn Pence filed paperwork with the Federal Election Pence to establish the Great America Committee , a leadership political action committee that will allow him to raise money for his political former national security adviser Michael Flynn and make donations to former national security adviser Michael Flynn candidates . Nick Ayers , who ran former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty ’s 2012 presidential campaign , will run Pence ’s PAC . ( An email Pence Ayers seeking more information on how Pence plans to use the PAC was Pence returned . ) PAC 48 hours , however , have highlighted Pence ’s political problem : He is Pence a deeply unpredictable president who he will likely be latched to     in the He ’s mind     no matter what happens over these next four or eight years .   Pence has , to date , benefited politically Pence his willingness to embrace the Trump enigma . ( He is vice president , after all . ) He Trump is a    sword and Pence has been Trump the sharp end of Pence   since Monday . Correction : An earlier a   sword and Pence Pence ’s tweet about lunch with the Turkish Pence . 
 