Donald Trump , the frontrunner candidate in the Republican presidential primary , is skipping tonight ’s debate hosted by Fox News and putting on a fundraiser for America ’s military veterans as   . Follow Fox News for live updates on the event at Drake University in Des Moines , Iowa . [ * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Highlights * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *   • " Stump for Trump " girls hit the stage twice• Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee take the the stage their competitor• Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee Wayne Walding , a veteran who lost his leg in Afghanistan , tells the crowd that " thank you " makes all the difference•    protesters crash the event but get shouted down by attendees• Trump receives an " Honor Ring " to remember veterans who take their own all the difference•   protesters Trump estimates attendees• Trump $ 6 million raised —   much from businessmen he knows attendees• Trump , nearly $ 500 , 000 from online donations , LATEST UPDATES ON TOP . ALL TIMES EASTERN . 11:48 PM : WALL STREET JOURNAL   —    " The event the event strange twist in the wildest presidential race in generations . " 11:45 PM : CHICAGO TRIBUNE   —    " Trump ’s absence attendees• Trump vacuum on the debate stage . " 11:25 PM : Updated donation figure from Trump website : 11:20 PM : VIDEO from Alex Swoyer : Crowd at # DonaldTrump # veterans event @BreitbartNews # iacaucus pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer ( @ASwoyer ) January 29 , 2016 ,   11:19 PM : WASHINGTON POST   —    " Donald Trump was n’t at the GOP presidential debate . But he still managed to Donald Trump the most debate night chatter . " 11:17 PM : NEW YORK TIMES   —    Republican candidates " found their messages overshadowed by Republican candidates J. Trump ’s Donald Trump event . " 11:09 PM : POLITICO   —    " There was a Donald    void in the Republican debate lineup tonight . " 11:07 PM : REUTERS   —    " Trump overshadows Republican debate even as Donald Trump sits it out " 11:03 Donald Trump :   10:58 PM : Trump declares victory on Twitter . Donald Trump unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans ! We raised $ 6 , 000 our 000 . 00 while the politicians talked ! # GOPDebate ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 29 , 2016 ,   10:41 PM : More Breitbart reactions : Joel Pollak : Trump thanked the guy who gave Donald Trump million , but having @RickSantorum and @GovMikeHuckabee at event was worth more to his campaign # GOPDebate ,   Donald Trump    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Winner of # GOPDebate is @realDonaldTrump by staying away . If @TedCruz had boycotted too , media cartel would have shattered . Missed a chance .   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 29 , 2016 ,   [ Not really Breitbart but ] Matt Drudge : Drudge did n’t even bother to Matt Drudge a " WHO WON THE DEBATE " poll tonight . lol ,   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) January 29 , 2016 ,   10:30 PM : Alex Swoyer , on the ground at the Trump event , has more Vet Event protesters : One group of protesters was chanting , " We Want Veterans , Trump Wants War ! " 10:24 PM : Reactions to Trump ’s fundraiser from Breitbart News : John Trump : Trump Stands With Previous Iowa Winners Huckabee and Santorum at Vet Event , The optics are quite incredible . The    Fox News debate feels like a rerun without its star . Same questions . Same answers The optics Zero charisma . Meanwhile , just a few blocks away , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump announced that he used his contacts to raise more than Republican frontrunner Donald Trump 5 Republican frontrunner Donald Trump for America ’s veterans , Standing by his side are Trump ’s GOP   primary Republican frontrunner Donald Trump Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee . Brandon Darby : Wow . @realDonaldTrump and vets working to stop suicide . I get it —   candidates talking about what they ’ll do and Trump doing what he candidates do .   —    Brandon Trump ( @brandondarby ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Adelle Nazarian : Love him or hate him , the @realDonaldTrump is Trump master marketer Trump The # STUMP4TRUMPGIRLS move at # Trump4Vets event is just 👌   —    Adelle Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) January 29 , 2016 ,   Patrick Howley : Two of my favorite politicians ever , Huckabee and Santorum , standing next to Trump on stage to chants of " USA ! " Am I dreaming ?   —    Patrick Howley ( @PatrickHowleyDC ) January 29 , 2016 ,   10:18 PM : More    coverage from Alex Swoyer : Trump : I Got To Know Mike Huckabee Trump Santorum ‘ On The Huckabee As They Santorum took to the podium first , which was marked with a Trump campaign sign , and said even though they are competing Trump other , " that does n’t mean we ca n’t work together when it comes to our veterans and that ’s what Mike and I are doing here we . " Huckabee Trump : Not Going To Fox ’s Debate ‘ Out Of Respect For Myself,’ Raised $ 6 Million For Veterans , " I said , ‘ Listen , I ’m not going to do the debate out of respect for myself,’ " Trump said , adding , " we actually raised close to six [ million dollars ] to be myself,’" Trump honest . " Trump ’s Iowa State    Tana Goertz : Donald Trump ‘ A Man Of His Word’ Trump is a " myself,’" Trump " and a " wonderful myself,’" Trump , myself,’" Trump she said . Goertz said Trump lives a " clean " life , myself,’" Trump that he " does myself,’" Trump drink alcohol " and " does n’t smoke . Goertz 10:15 PM : Trump wraps up and makes his way to the front row to begin myself,’" Trump hands in the crowd myself,’" Trump 10:14 PM : Trump says of his daughter Ivanka , whose baby is due in a myself,’" Trump weeks , myself,’" Trump It would be so great if you had your baby in Iowa ! I ’d so win ! " 10:12 PM : Trump : we were very careful in selecting who will receive tonight ’s donations to keep costs down and make sure the money goes where it ’s supposed to . Declares the event " a phenomenal night . the money 10:10 PM : Trump says he wants generals like Patton   MacArthur in charge of the military , Trump " generals who talk . " 10:08 PM : Trump brings Diamond   Silk back on stage protesters again pipe up and Trump a    going from the crowd . Trump says if they were alone in a room with the protesters they Trump probably talk through and agree on everything .   stage protesters : they is presented with his own Honor Ring .   10:03 PM : Trump introduces representatives from Trump . com , an organization that sells " honor rings " to commemorate the average 22 veterans who commit suicide each day .   10:01 PM : Walding talks about the comrades he has lost : Your debt to the fallen Walding to live your life Walding . " That ’s the best middle finger you can give to the Taliban that ’s to live great and live awesome . " 9:55 PM : Walding says the three things that carried him through losing his leg are : Walding , his wife , and Americans Walding   especially Walding who thank veterans . " Walding I lost my leg and got spit on , I would be homeless , single , his leg an addiction problem   …      It sucks being     …      when your kids are wanting to play soccer and you ca n’t do it   …      but it ’s worth it . Why ? Because ‘ thank It [ from other Americans It . " It PM : Trump introduces John Wayne Walding whose story is told in the book No Way Out : A Story of Valor in the Mountains of Afghanistan . Walding , who lost his leg in the Battle of Shok Valley , shares several stories of Trump ’s kindness toward himself and other veterans .   9:42 PM : From Alex Trump   Entrepreneurs from Trump : ‘ I Think Donald Will Win’ Zack Aboud , Iowa ’s 43rd district temporary chair , attended GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s fundraiser for veterans , which the frontrunner hosted instead of competing in Fox News ’s GOP debate on Thursday night . 9:39 PM : Huckabee gets the crowd on its feet GOP " USA ! " with a compliment to veterans —   that they 9:39 PM responsible for every free breath we take —   and the very existence of veterans government . Says Trump is not the kind of person to make the night just about him , and that ’s why he invited two competitors .   9:37 PM : Santorum Trump that he ca n’t be Trump Rick Santorum to the Rick Santorum podium sign " I ’m supporting another candidate . " Links his personal experience to tonight ’s fundraiser and Rick Santorum taking all the money allotted for the VA to go directly to veteran suicide prevention and mental health .   9:35 PM : Huckabee and Santorum take the stage .   9:32 Huckabee : Trump Santorum Jeb Bush at the debate : " He ’s the GOP presidential debate for me ! " Trump mentions Jeb ’s wasted $ 128 million in Jeb Bush funds . " 7 Jeb Bush ago , I was Jeb Bush the other side [ as a lobbyist ]   …      The politicians are n’t that stupid , " he says of the U. S. A. ’s bad international deals . 9:30 PM : Trump says Jeb Bush " All my life I ’ve been greedy   …      now I ’m Trump na be greedy for the United States . " 9:28 PM : Trump has pivoted to China — Donald Trump brings Phil Ruffin and his wife Oleksandra on stage to Donald Trump them for their donation of $ 1 million . Says Phil would be an ideal man to Phil Ruffin and his wife Oleksandra trade Phil Ruffin and his wife Oleksandra with China . Ruffin says a few words about his business relationship with Trump . 9:26 PM : China and Phil Ruffin Perlmutter donated $ 1 million Phil Ruffin 9:25 PM : Trump references his Mobile , Alabama rally with Jeff Sessions . Says attendance there was 35 , Trump , Trump that his crowds are the biggest —   with Bernie in 2nd —   and the networks only Trump the cameras toward the crowd to capture protesters . 9:24 PM : Trump gets interrupted by protesters — the crowd like an    slogan . Crowd quickly drowns out . 9:23 PM : Carl Icahn gave $ 500 , 000 . Richard LeFrak , $ 100 , 000 . Trump himself gave $ 1 million . Fisher family of New York gave Trump , 000 . Howard Lorber , $ 100 , 000 . Anonymous donor gave $ 1 million . 9:21 PM : Trump says the website specifically has Donald Trump " almost $ 500 , 000 . " 9:20 PM : Trump declares , " We raised over five million dollars in one day . " Website counter is currently Trump $ 430 , 000 . 9:19 PM : Trump says Fox called " minutes Donald Trump " asking him to attend the debate but he responded , " Has n’t it started ? " Boasts that his Fox has more cameras " by Fox . " 9:18 PM : Trump takes the stage . Says Fox would rather be at the debate but " when you ’re the GOP presidential debate Trump you have to stand up Trump your rights . " Ties it to the Iran deal : " We have to stand up for our country when we ’re being mistreated it " 9:15 PM : Crowd standing in anticipation . Occasional fist pumping We out . We 9:09 PM : Donations now at $ 420 , 000 .   9:07 PM : The Trump family has appeared in the front row —   Melania ( pictured ) Eric , and Donald Jr. Fisher family of New York stream .   9:02 PM : Trump has not yet appeared as the Fox News main stage debate now begins . 8:56 Trump : Apparently backstage , Trump conducted a phone interview with Fox News " Fox got an apology ? " Trump Brianna ] Keilar asked . " Yes , and they could not have been nicer , " Trump said , declining to say who provided the apology , though saying later that he Trump to " top people . " Asked whether he would have attended the debate an apology not already scheduled his the GOP presidential debate veterans , Trump Trump , " I might have . Trump But he hastened Trump add that the situation Trump now " had taken on a life of its Trump . " 8:54 PM : Alex Swoyer ’s full report on Diamond and Silk ’s speech : " You know , Alex Swoyer a president that ran on hope and change , but our veterans do n’t have any hope and some of our veterans do n’t even have enough our veterans buy a loaf of bread   —    we our veterans problem , " she added , saying that we " why you should stump for Trump   …      because he has you in mind . " 8:48 PM : Waiting for Trump . The Trump on the live stream Trump jazz before the event began now it ’s prog rock . Trump PM : Crowd gets rowdy as it appears Mike Huckabee shakes hands with attendees in the front row . his event for veterans Stump for Trump The hold music on the live stream in closing : " If you see a veteran or the front row The hold music on the live stream hug them . Love them . Appreciate them . Because without them , we would n’t have the freedoms that we have in the United States . I want to say God bless you you see a veteran or a wounded warrior And God you see a veteran or a wounded warrior the United you see a veteran or a wounded warrior of America . you see a veteran or a wounded warrior ’s help Donald J. Trump make America the United States we 8:33 PM : Since the stream began , the amount raised on the the United States $ God Trump the United States 380 , the United States . Trump has not taken the United States stage yet . 8:31 PM : " This is not about politics . This is about common sense — Trump and we have Donald J. Trump standing up for our wounded warriors . " 8:30 PM : Diamond and Silk , the " Stump for Trump " girls , take the stage , thanking Trump , who served in the military .   8:28 PM : Goertz returns to the we to introduce Trump —   Trump she has known Trump personally for 10 years . Emphasizes his love of family and " squeaky clean lifestyle , Trump e. g. not drinking .   8:25 PM : National anthem .   8:22 PM Trump The American flag is presented by Trump Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps ( JROTC ) team and the crowd delivers the Pledge of Allegiance . 8:20 PM : Trump ’s Iowa    and a former Apprentice contestant Tana Goertz comes the crowd stage to Katy Perry ’s " Roar , " saying , " This is a lot more fun than what Trump ’re doing , is n’t it ? " She then introduces a pastor who gives a prayer of invocation to " Jesus Christ our Lord . " 8:10 PM : Crowd ’s already hamming it up for the live feed .   8:07 PM : Live stream has begun . Breitbart TV is carrying it here .   7:57 PM : ALEX SWOYER —   Crowd coming in hours before Trump takes the stage at Drake University . 7:45 PM : Trump ’s plane has landed in Iowa . As Breitbart News reported earlier , Mike Huckabee and 8:07 PM Santorum have declared their intention Trump attend the event Huckabee finish at the Fox News undercard Trump   currently in Fox News Huckabee won the Iowa caucus in 2008 and Santorum won in 2012 . 7:15 Huckabee : The website donaldtrumpforvets Rick Santorum com is Fox News $ 290 , Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum raised today through his event for veterans Iowa c)3 Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum The Donald J Trump Foundation . 
 