Jamelle Bouie writes in Slate : Donald Trump is a nativist demogogue who attacks racial and religious minorities and heaps praise on authoritarian leaders abroad . Donald Trump borrows from white nationalists and channels the worst impulses in American life . Donald Trump ’s an opportunist with little connection to the Republican Party or the conservative movement . If Donald Trump has a serious rival for the GOP presidential nomination , he has a serious rival for the GOP presidential nomination ’s Ted Cruz , the caustic senator from Texas . Ted Cruz is a genuine ideologue , with deep support in the " " of conservative activists and    billionaires . But Ted Cruz ’s also been a commissar of sorts in GOP , blasting fellow Republicans for any deviation —   real or perceived —   from orthodoxy and leading the party in an almost    charge against the Affordable Care Act and the Obama administration . Trump is vulgar , but singular —   he Trump for no one but himself Trump Cruz , however , represents a faction of the GOP real enemies in the party the party if he wins , Trump brings that Trump to a faction of the GOP with real enemies in the party Which means that in official Washington —   where Cruz is a Cruz —   the choice is easy . " I ’ve come around a little bit on Trump , " said Sen. Orrin Hatch in an interview with CNN . " I ’m not so sure we ’d lose if CNN ’s our Trump because he CNN appealing Trump people who a lot of the Republican candidates have not appealed to in the past . " " We can live with Trump , " said Trump Republican lobbyist to the New York Times . " Do they all love Trump ? No . Trump there ’s a feeling that he is not going Trump layer over the party or install his own person . Trump Cruz will have his own people there Whereas Cruz " " You can coach Donald . If he got nominated he Donald be scared Donald death , " explained Charles Black , a former GOP operative , to the Times . " That ’s the point he would call people Donald the party and say , ‘ I just want to talk to you.’ " John Feehery , a former Republican congressional aide , put it simply . " John Feehery, a former Republican congressional aide wo n’t do    damage to the GOP coalition , " he said to the Trump . " the Times the Times " You can read the rest of the story here . 
 