’In a soaring    speech , Hillary Clinton first as the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton basked in the historic nature of Hillary Clinton candidacy and previewed the ugly upcoming battle with Donald Trump.’ ’Clinton relished the historic nature of her candidacy as the first her candidacy lead a major presidential ticket.’ ’"Thanks to you , we reached a milestone , " Hillary Clinton told Hillary Clinton supporters.’ " Hillary Clinton opened Hillary Clinton speech from Brooklyn with a   of that situated Hillary Clinton candidacy at the end of a long quest for women ’s equality in the United States , noting that Hillary Clinton stood under a literal glass ceiling . " ’"I’’m going to take a moment later tonight and in the days ahead to fully appreciate the history we made here , " Clinton said toward the end of her speech.’ " But Clinton ’s Clinton also looked ahead Clinton general election , on the same night Trump promised to soon deliver a major speech targeting Clinton . " ’The former secretary of Clinton took repeated shots at Trump , contrasting her candidacy with his Trump rhetoric about ’The former secretary of state and women ’The former secretary of state ’ ’"When he says let’ ’s make America great ’"When , that’ ’s code for let’ ’s take America backwards , " let’ said , America Trump’ ’s slogan Clinton " Back to a time when opportunity and dignity were reserved for some not for all . " ’ ’She added : " It’ ’s clear that Donald Trump doesn’’t believe that we are stronger together . He wants to win by stoking fear Donald Trump doesn’’t rubbing salt in wounds and reminding us daily just how great he is we " ’ ’"We are Donald Trump doesn’’t than this , " she said later of Trump . " ’"We won’’t let this happen in America . " ’ " Clinton also praised her Democratic rival , Sen. Bernie Sanders Clinton He has maintained that he ’ll take Clinton fight to the Clinton National Convention Clinton but has   that the future of his campaign is uncertain . " ’"He Clinton spent his long career in public service fighting Clinton progressive causes and principles and has excited millions of voters , especially young people , " Clinton said . " And make no mistake : Senator Sanders , his campaign , and the the vigorous debate we’’ve had . .. have been very good for the Democratic party and for America . " ’ ’The newly presumptive Democratic presidential nominee also noted that she understood the feeling of losing a Clinton presidential election . ’ ’"It never feels good to put your heart into a candidate who comes up short . I know that feeling well , " Clinton said . ’ ’In a soaring    speech , her . .. ’ 
 