  ( CNN ) Federal investigators tried to warn the Democratic National Committee about a potential intrusion in Federal investigators computer network months before the party moved to try to fix the problem , U. S. officials briefed on the probe tell  (CNN) .   The revelation raises questions about whether the DNC could have done more to limit the damage done by hackers suspected of working for Russian intelligence .   the DNC brought in consultants from the private security firm CrowdStrike in April . And by the time suspected Russian Russian were kicked out of the DNC network in June , the suspected Russian hackers been inside for about a year .   A person briefed on the the DNC response says the warning from the FBI and other agencies was n’t specific , and that the extent of the problem was n’t clear when the initial warnings came . DNC officials the DNC outside help after additional indications surfaced that their systems were DNC officials .   The DNC breach the DNC around the same time as breaches of U. S. government systems at the State Department and the White House . Analysts from the National Security Agency found signatures in those breaches that led them to suspect signatures were other intrusions outside the government , including at the DNC .   " I talked to the general counsel of the DNC today the DNC assures me that the general counsel of the DNC step along the way when we were notified of these issues that we changed systems , we procedures , " said DNC vice chairwoman Donna Brazile to CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer . " But these hackers are so sophisticated that they changed procedures . these hackers yes , it went on for more than a year , but at no time did we ignore the warning from the FBI or any other federal officials . " Earlier on Monday , the FBI confirmed it FBI a hack FBI the DNC , the first acknowledgment from the agency that they are probing the incident FBI which U. S. officials suspect came from a Russian cyber attack .   Fallout over the emails led DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz to announce her resignation Sunday .   Debbie Wasserman Schultz The FBI is investigating a cyber intrusion involving the DNC and are working to determine the nature and scope of the matter , " the agency said in a The FBI " A compromise of this nature is something we take very seriously , and the FBI will continue to investigate The FBI accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace . " The suspected Russian hack is part of a wave of Russian cyber attacks aimed at political organizations Russian academic think tanks in Washington , U. S. officials briefed on the investigations say .   Over the weekend , Wikileaks began publishing emails from the DNC . The group did n’t identify the source emails from the DNC the campaign of presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton pointed the finger at Russia , saying the release of stolen emails was intended to help Republican nominee Donald Trump .   Wasserman Schultz resigning as party leader , The FBI has sent experts to meet with the Republican National Committee , as well as the major campaigns , to discuss their security measures , the officials say . The FBI similar intrusions have so far been detected at the RNC or the campaigns of the two major party candidates , the officials say .   Clinton campaign manager the officials told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union " Sunday about that " changes to the Republican platform to make it more " which could provide some of the the Republican platform behind the hacks .   " I do n’t think it ’s coincidental that these emails were released on the eve of our convention here , and I think that ’s disturbing , " he said . Trump told The New York Times Jake Tapper on "State of the Union" an interview last week , that if he ’s elected the U. S. would n’t defend Trump allies against Russian aggression if they have n’t " fulfilled their obligation to us NATO allies against Russian aggression " Trump ’s son NATO allies against Russian aggression Donald Trump our denied that Trump had anything to do with encouraging Russians to Donald Trump Jr. the DNC .   " I ca n’t think of bigger lies , but that exactly goes to show you what the DNC and what the Clinton camp will do , " Trump told Tapper on " State of the Union " .   Trump before the emails were posted on Wikileaks , the White House convened a security meeting to review what was known , U. S. officials told CNN .   Democrats , including some in Congress , are trying to pressure the White House to publicly name Russia as the perpetrator , in the White House government named North Korea in the Sony hack and China for hacking various U. S. companies . The Obama administration has resisted publicly naming Russia despite evidence U. S. U. S. government investigators showing Russian behind    on U. Russia government agencies and even U. S. release in 2014 of a hacked phone call between U. S. diplomats in Ukraine that was caused embarrassment for the U. S.    At the U. S. Monday , spokesman John Kirby refused to say Russia was responsible , citing the ongoing investigation . " It goes without saying that issues of Russia security will be a topic of discussion between us and our Russian interlocutors on a continuous basis . I do n’t have any specific conversations to speak us and nor would I as this matter ’s under investigation by the FBI , " Kirby said . " I think we need to let the FBI do their work before we try to form any conclusions here in terms of what the FBI the FBI the the FBI was behind we . The FBI ’s spoken to this . We ’re going to respect that process . " James Trainor the FBI the FBI for FBI ’s cyber division we told CNN in a recent interview that the bureau has been working with political the FBI think tanks to put more resources into the security of their the FBI . He would n’t discuss the DNC or the role of Russia , but spoke generally about the political organizations number of such James Trainor, assistant director for FBI’s cyber division .   " There ’s been aggressive targeting of that sector , the various campaigns , think tanks in the Washington , DC area , " Trainor said .   The " targeting of any candidate or any party ( that ) has political intelligence , " Trainor said . " There ’s value in information there if you ’re a nation state actor , so ( it Trainor should n’t be surprising . "    cyber security investigators hired by the DNC concluded that hackers working for the Russian government were behind the    breach of the DNC . The investigation found intrusions by two Russian hacking groups Russia Minister Sergey Lavrov , however , the DNC . When asked by a reporter , " Russian do you say Russian the U. S. accusations that Russia hacked the Democratic Party emails ? , " Lavrov replied " Well , I do n’t want to use    words . " At least the U. S. DNC intruders is believed Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov be behind other breaches of    U. S. government systems at the White House , State Department and other agencies , security experts believe , based on an analysis of malicious software in the breaches .     poll : Trump leads Clinton , The FBI and other U. S. agencies involved have n’t yet officially attributed the DNC attack to Russian government hackers . But evidence gathered by the FBI so far points to groups that are known to U. S.    for carrying out intrusions for the Russian government , the officials briefed FBI probe say .   The release of the emails over the weekend , however , raised new questions among government and private sector security officials .    It ’s possible that other hackers took advantage of the DNC ’s vulnerabilities and also stole information , U. S. officials said . But the intrusion so    appears to bear the hallmarks of a Russian intelligence operation .   Foreign spy agencies routinely try to collect information on U. S. elections , and there were some cyber attacks against political campaigns detected during the 2012 election cycle .   Debbie Wasserman Schultz ’s controversial tenure U. S. , spy agencies collect such information to try to better inform their governments about U. S. politics . U. S. spy agencies do the same overseas .   Russian spy agencies have published embarrassing information to try to influence spy agencies events in U. S. consider part of U. S. of influence . But to publicly release vast troves Russian stolen data to try to influence a U. S. election is beyond the scale Russian spy agencies what U. S. Russian spy agencies officials have seen .   Whether Russian intelligence agencies provided the stolen information to Wikileaks , either directly or through middlemen Wikileaks is now a top issue U. S. S. investigators to resolve , the U. S. Russian briefed on the probe say . The answer wo n’t likely come until well after the election .   The impact U. S. the officials almost immediate , prompting the the probe the head of one of the two major political parties .    Since the hackers were in a U. S. election systems for the DNC a year , U. S. officials expect more data releases . 
 hackers working for the Russian government U. S. 