Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s continued stumbles led The Wall Street Journal Monday to suggest that if Donald Trump could n’t shape up by Labor Day , it might be time to " turn the nomination over to Mike Pence . " Replacing candidates on the ticket is fairly unprecedented , though Democrats replaced   . Thomas Eagleton on the 1972 ticket , following the revelation Thomas Eagleton used electroshock therapy . Any effort to remove Trump as the Republican presidential nominee would be   . But here are the two ways that Trump could be replaced at the top of the ticket . Trump Trump himself Trump If Trump Trump out , he Trump have to alert the Republican National Committee , which would then have to convene and decide who to replace him Trump . The 168 members of the RNC would then vote to approve a new nominee .   But that ’s only the start . The a new nominee have to be certified for the ballot in each state , and each state has separate deadlines , most of which are before or around Labor Day .   GOP removes Trump Trump A small group of    Republicans are mounting a    bid to    Trump Trump arguing that the party rules allow the RNC to take him Trump the ballot . the ballot in each state We are supporting any the RNC all efforts to look at the options of ensuring that a nominee is there who can beat Hillary Clinton in November , " said Dane Waters , a veteran GOP operative who is supporting this most recent effort to oust Trump Trump Free the Delegates , which Waters is a part of , failed in its bid to block Waters Trump Cleveland . It has also launched Waters GOP Accountability Project and a " Recall Trump " effort     all focused on this    effort . this most recent effort to oust Trump ,    Republicans would use the party    " Rule 8 " and " Rule 9 " to call a special meeting of the RNC and then vote to fill the vacancy at the top of the ticket .   Rule 8 allows for a minimum of 16 RNC members from 16 separate states the RNC petition for a special meeting of the RNC . And Rule 9 the RNC the party fill a vacancy at the party of the ticket .   But the top of the ticket says the the ticket simply take its nomination the party Trump . Pence ? the party ’s not the only option     it could be anyone     but that a vacancy who the Journal suggested . He ’s received plum marks from conservatives and party officials . But as a a vacancy , this is never going to happen . 
 