GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , with the help of Ohio Gov. John Kasich , prevented Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) from slating Sen. Ted Cruz preferred delegates in Michigan over the weekend . [ " The Texas senator ’s campaign ran eight delegates for eight committee spots and lost every one , alleging The Texas senator’s campaign was " " by Ohio Gov. John Kasich supporters , " CNN reports . " The Michigan delegation picked one Trump supporter , Matt Hall , and one Ohio Gov. John Kasich supporter , Judi Schwalbach , for the two seats on the powerful rules committee . The Texas senator’s campaign lost votes for both seats the two seats on the powerful rules committee   This maneuvering becomes important if no candidate reaches the 1 , 237 delegate threshold to clinch the nomination on the first vote at the Republican National Convention in July . The delegates become unbound on the second ballot and can cast a vote for their personal favorite The delegates " The Cruz The Texas senator’s campaign takeover and they failed miserably , The Texas senator’s campaign Kasich ’s Michigan delegate director Jeff Timmer said . " It backfired and they ended up with The Texas senator’s campaign . There ’s been all these reports about how they ’re    everybody The Texas senator’s campaign Not here . " Until Michigan , it appears the Michigan campaign has The Texas senator’s campaign half Cruz dozen states , slating delegates favorable to the Texas senator . Despite Michigan , Cruz slated delegates favorable to Michigan in Cruz and Iowa over the the Texas senator . Cruz racked up at least 30 favorable Cruz out of Colorado ’s 37 throughout the state and Colorado conventions , which wrapped up Saturday . Cruz also swept the delegates in Iowa Cruz Saturday . at least 30 favorable delegates close Iowa Breitbart News Saturday Iowa said he ’s never seen such Iowa organization , A source close to Breitbart News in Iowa the Trump campaign . Jason Noble , political reporter at the Des Moines Register , posted about a    email from the Trump campaign on Twitter , noting the lack Trump preparation : " In email blast 15 hours before Iowa conventions , Trump campaign asks supporters Iowa turn them into the Trump campaign Trump rally . ’ " supporters email blast Trump hours before Iowa conventions , Trump campaign asks supporters Iowa turn Iowa conventions Trump the Trump campaign rally " pic . twitter . supporters Trump    Jason Noble ( @jasonnobleDMR ) April 9 , 2016 ,   Given the reports of poor organization by the Trump campaign in Iowa , Cruz was able Trump grab Iowa out of the 12 Iowa GOP delegates on Saturday , which Iowa selected at the state party ’s district conventions . Another Trump campaign email , reportedly out in the Trump of Washington , shows the campaign is n’t prepared there as well , missing an the Trump campaign in Iowa notification . " Donald Trump ’s team is encouraging its supporters Trump to sign up to be a potential Trump delegate Donald Trump’s team The only Washington : The campaign ’s local crew sent its email on Friday   —    two the Trump campaign in Iowa filing deadline to appear on the Trump campaign in Iowa printed ballot in Saturday ’s conventions and caucuses , " Politico reports . In Louisiana and North Dakota , Cruz has also swept the delegate selections . Breitbart News previously reported the Cruz campaign ground efforts are also underway in Missouri , South Dakota and Georgia to stack Cruz deck with delegates who also support Cruz . 
 Cruz 