  ( CNN ) Donald Trump responded to the deadly police shootings in Dallas by offering Donald Trump prayers to the victims and their families and by calling for restored " law and order . "   Speaking in a video released early Friday evening , Donald Trump said the shootings of the 12 officers , five of whom were killed , had " shaken the soul of our nation . " " A brutal attack on our police force is an attack on our nation , and an attack on our families . We must stand in solidarity with law enforcement , which we We remember is the force between civilization and total chaos , " Trump said . " Every American has the right to live in safety and peace . " He Trump that the deaths of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota show " how much work we have to do in order to make every American feel that their the deaths of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota is protected . " The video statement marked the first time that Trump had publicly named the victims in the shootings .   Trump Trump said that racial divisions in the country have " gotten worse , not better " and called for " prayers , love , unity and leadership . " Earlier Friday , Trump Trump a statement on the shootings in which he Trump the U. S. " must restore law and order . We must restore the confidence of our We to be safe and secure in their our people and on the street . " He Trump cited " senseless , tragic deaths of two motorists in Louisiana and Minnesota , " a reference to Sterling and Castile , though he Trump not mention their names . The presumptive presidential nominees for both major political parties have postponed campaign events Friday , following the deadliest single day for U. S. law enforcement since September 11 , 2001 . Trump canceled campaign stops in Miami and Hillary Clinton postponed her Hillary Clinton rally with Vice President Joe Biden in Scranton , Pennsylvania , as well as a fundraising event . Clinton Hillary Clinton still expected to speak Friday afternoon in Philadelphia , where she Hillary Clinton expected to address this week ’s shootings in Dallas , Baton Rouge and Minnesota .   Clinton Hillary Clinton was scheduled before the shootings this week’s shootings in Dallas, Baton Rouge and Minnesota " I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty this week’s shootings in Dallas, Baton Rouge and Minnesota protect peaceful protesters , for their families   this week’s shootings in Dallas, Baton Rouge and Minnesota who serve with them .   this week’s shootings in Dallas, Baton Rouge and Minnesota Clinton tweeted Hillary Clinton . Politicians from Texas and around the country offered condolences and reactions to the fatalities , with Trump decrying " the horrors we are all watching take place in our country . the country politicians pray Texas law enforcement , Texas Sen. Ted Texas sent a series of tweets on Thursday night , writing that " my prayers are with those harmed in Dallas and with the first responders we will be in Texas politicians    local authorities to assist however we can . " Texas politicians also praised police Texas Sen. Ted Cruz courageous response to the attacks .   . Joe Walsh deletes tweet threatening ’war’ on Obama , " Men   women of law enforcement selflessly run into harm ’s way to save the lives of others . May God protect them and bring peace Men  women of law enforcement Dallas , " the former Republican presidential hopeful wrote . " May god protect our fallen heroes and bring peace upon the city of Dallas . " Sen. Dallas Cornyn , Cruz ’s senior colleague from Texas , put out a statement Friday morning , saying , " To target those who serve and protect our community in such our senseless and vicious way is shocking and reprehensible . "   " My condolences are with the families of the officers who lost their lives in last the families of the officers who lost their lives in last night ’s horrific attack , and my thoughts continue to be with the injured and those in the Dallas area affected by this unspeakable tragedy , " he said . Texas Gov. Greg Abbott put out a statement just after midnight on Friday , saying , " Our thoughts and prayers are with the Dallas law enforcement community and the Dallas Area Rapid Transit ( DART ) officers killed and injured this evening . I ’ve spoken to Texas Department of Public Safety Director Steve McCraw and have directed him to offer whatever Texas Department of Public Safety Director Steve McCraw the City of Dallas needs at this Dallas . In times like this we must remember     and emphasize     the importance of uniting as Americans . " Some members of Texas ’s congressional delegation also used social media to offer their support .   Some members of Texas’s congressional delegation Rep. Pete Sessions wrote on Twitter late Thursday that " as this situation continues to unfold , I ’m praying for the brave men and women of the @DallasPD and those in downtown Dallas . "   Democratic Rep. Joaquin Castro wrote that " my thoughts and prayers are with the law enforcement officers in Dallas who have been Dallas and injured tonight . " Gun control advocates sound off , Several Democrats who have been leading voices in the push for gun control legislation also reacted to the news out of Dallas , including Connecticut Dallas Chris Murphy and former Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , herself a victim of gun violence . Giffords wrote on Twitter that she was " heartbroken Giffords murder of law enforcement officers in # DallasShooting . We have to do better than this . This is not the this we strive for . We And Murphy     who launched a Senate filibuster in response to the terror attack in Orlando in an attempt to spur action on gun control legislation     expressed frustration , placing the Dallas attacks in the larger context of gun violence . " I DON’T ACCEPT police gunned down by snipers , kids murdered in school , or black men shot during routine stops . I believe we can stop it all , " he wrote on Twitter DON’T Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a favorite among progressives and a potential running mate for Clinton , expressed sorrow for both the civilians and police officers slain this week in a series of tweets . " Black Americans should n’t be killed in routine traffic stops ,   police should n’t be killed while protecting   serving their communities , " Black Americans tweeted . " I wish I had the answers right now to stop the very real pain that people are feeling , but I know this : change must come . It must come now this " Warren added . 
 Warren 