’   ’ "    In the past 41 years , no American has been killed on US soil by a    terrorist from any of the seven countries included in President    Donald Trump ’s controversial   on immigration . That ’s one of the findings of    a comprehensive look at foreign terror on US soil   by Alex Nowrasteh of the libertarian   " ’    Combining data from multiple sources , Nowrasteh found that the    actual risk to Americans has been infinitesimal , and    some of the terrorists that have been caught on US soil come    from surprising places , like Japan .   ’ ’    The table below lists the countries of origin of 154    terrorists found on US soil since January 1 , 1975 . Many of the    terrorists were either caught before the   terrorists committed an act , or    failed to kill any Americans in the process .   ’ ’    The table below lists the countries of origin of 154   terrorists found on US soil since January 1, 1975 also lists the number of Americans murdered by terrorists from    each country . The large numbers from Saudi Arabia , the United    Arab Emirates , Egypt and Lebanon are largely from the September    11 attacks .   ’ "    First , the big picture . According to Nowrasteh ’s   over the last 41 years ( Jan 1975    Dec 2015 ) and    including the    attacks :   " ’    And some other findings :   ’ "    Of course , this data is   . Proponents of the ban     that the seven countries included in the order have    a history of violence and unstable leadership , so Proponents of the ban    that the seven countries included in the order have   a history of violence and unstable leadership could    still pose risks . The CATO study also does n’t include terrorism    in other countries where Americans were victims . " ’    Nowrasteh kept Nowrasteh focused on incidents on US soil as context    for immigration policy .   ’ ’    Nowrasteh also applied a wide definition of terrorist . Included in the    154 terrorists is a Japanese man arrested at a New Jersey rest    stop in 1986 in possession of pipe bombs . Another was a Cuban who    assassinated a Chilean dissident on US soil in 1976 .   ’ ’    " If I was going to make an error , I wanted to err on the side of    counting too many people , " Nowrasteh said .   ’ ’    It was the San Bernardino   in December 2015 that first got Nowrasteh thinking    about the actual likelihood of Americans falling victims to    terrorism , he said .   ’ ’    Nowrasteh told Business Insider that going into the research    Nowrasteh was more of a hawk than Nowrasteh colleagues . "   greatly affected    me . I was 17 . I don’’t have any good opinions about that part of    the world , " don’’t said , referring to the Middle East . ’ ’    But the data completely changed don’’t views . " What shocked me is    how small of a threat    really is to American life . I really    changed my entire opinion based on this research , "    said . ’ ’    Now    believes the US should not block people from the Middle East from entering the US as the US " We should not have the US    the security we have , " the US said .    Terrorism is a much more minor    threat than people realize . It is by no means an existential    threat . "   ’ ’   ’ 
 