  ( CNN ) Republicans have long insisted that former CIA Director Gen. David Petraeus’ mishandling of classified information was far less egregious misconduct than Hillary Clinton ’s private email use while leading the State Department . The talking point has gained steam this week after FBI Director James Comey recommended that the State Department bring no charges against Hillary Clinton’s , with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump even suggesting a nefarious motive behind the decision . On Thursday , Comey was FBI Director James Comey an opportunity to rebut some of those charges no charges against Clinton hearing on Capitol Hill before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . " The Petraeus case , to my mind , illustrates perfectly the kind of cases the Department of Justice is willing to prosecute , " Comey told FBI Director James Comey committee . the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , the    general who oversaw military operations in both Afghanistan and Iraq , resigned as CIA director in 2012 after his extramarital affair with his biographer , Paula his , became public .   The FBI and Justice Department later recommended felony charges against him for sharing classified CIA director with Broadwell . He ultimately avoided jail CIA director after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor last year , resulting in two years probation and a $ 100 , 000 fine . At the time , members of Congress from both sides of the aisle rallied to Petraeus’ defense and criticized the Justice Department for Justice Department .   Republicans have argued that Petraeus’ malfeasance was petty , especially Petraeus’ to Clinton ’s use of a private email servers .   Trump has made that point repeatedly . In April , he predicted that Clinton would not Trump indicted . Clinton I know for a fact that what Gen. Petraeus and others have done was much less , " Trump said at the time , Trump that Democrats were protecting Clinton from legal fallout . Trump Clinton a nearly identical line Trump , after Comey announced his recommendation to bring no charges Comey Clinton . " The system is Clinton , " the GOP nominee said on Twitter . At the hearing on Thursday , Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings , the committee ’s ranking member , invited Comey to counter those claims . Comey pointed out that Petraeus not Comey shared the classified information , but also hid the documents in his attic and then lied to Comey . " So you have obstruction of justice , you have intentional misconduct and a vast quantity of information , " Comey said . " He admitted Comey knew that was Comey wrong Comey to do . That is a perfect illustration of the kind of cases that get prosecuted . " He added : " In my Comey , it illustrates importantly the distinction to this case . " Comey was called to Capitol Hill Comey Republicans who were left frustrated over his decision to recommend no charges Comey Clinton .   On Tuesday , Comey said Clinton was " extremely Comey " Clinton her handling of classified information , Clinton that " no reasonable prosecutor " would bring a case against the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee . Rep. Jason Chaffetz , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee , said at the hearing on Thursday that he was " mystified and confused Comey by the conclusions Comey reached . " It seems Comey a lot of us that the Average Joe , the average American , that if they had done what you laid the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail in your statement , that they would be in handcuffs and the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail might be on their way the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail jail , " the Average Joe, the average American, that if they had done what you laid out in your statement, that they would be in handcuffs and they might be on their way to jail told Comey . 
 Comey 