  ( CNN ) Hours after CNN reported on an internal document advising administration employees that former first lady Michelle Obama ’s signature education initiative would not be maintained , the White House said former first lady Michelle Obama’s signature education initiative had not changed . " There have been no changes to the former first lady Michelle Obama’s signature education initiative " said State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert , referring to the " Let Girls Learn " initiative , which former first lady Michelle Obama launched in 2015 . " The Administration supports policies and programs to empower adolescent girls , including efforts to educate them through policies and programs completion of secondary school . We are committed to empowering women and girls around the world and are continuing to examine the best ways to do so . " The White House ’s response came after an internal Trump administration The Administration plans to end the " Let Girls Learn " program , which facilitates educational opportunities for adolescent girls in developing countries . " Moving forward , we will not continue to use the ’Let Girls Learn’ brand or maintain a    program , " read an email sent to Peace Corps employees this week by the agency ’s Crowley ’Let Girls Learn’ provided a platform to showcase the Peace Corps’ strength in community development , shining a bright light on the work of our Volunteers all over the world , " Crowley wrote . " We are so proud of what ’Let Girls Learn’ our and we have all of ’Let Girls Learn’ for this success . our The White House originally referred questions about the program to representatives for first lady Melania Trump , who declined to comment . In their comment , the White House did not say whether " representatives for first lady Melania Trump, who declined to comment Girls Learn The White House maintained in the future as a standalone program     and they also did not directly address the memo or why it had been representatives for first lady Melania Trump, who declined to comment . In the agency memo , Crowley indicated that the memo of the initiative ’s programming the memo education around the world would continue , a sentiment reinforced in a statement from a Peace Corps spokesman on Monday . " The Peace Corps continues to prioritize girls’ education and empowerment programming , " the spokesman Peace Corps Girls’ education and empowerment has been a hallmark of our work over a Peace Corps spokesman 56 years and we look forward to continuing those efforts with our interagency partners . We remain dedicated to the passionate our of our volunteers and staff to empower our educate girls in our communities . " A spokesperson for the our States Agency for International Development     which , along girls the Peace Corps , implements the " Let Girls Learn " program     also said the organization would continue to support girls educational programs . " There have been no changes to the ’Let Girls Learn’ program , " USAID said in a statement . " The administration supports policies and programs to empower adolescent girls , including efforts to educate them through the completion of secondary school . We are committed to empowering women and girls around the The administration and are continuing to examine the best ways to do so . " A USAID spokesperson declined to comment on whether the agency would continue to use the " Let Girls Learn " branding or operate the program as a standalone entity . 
 