CNN . com contributor and author Charles Kaiser alleged that    Donald Trump ’s chief strategist and senior counselor Stephen K. Bannon was " a man who uses the word n*gger " Tuesday afternoon on " CNN Newsroom . "   author Charles Kaiser said , " I ’m delighted that Donald Trump has visited my alma mater at The New York Times and said he Donald Trump n’t want to do this anymore , but I want to give him Donald Trump little advice for the future if he Donald Trump not want to stimulate the   . First thing , he Donald Trump never retweet someone with the name ‘ White Genocide’ who lists his Donald Trump as Jew America . that ’s what he Donald Trump in february . he Donald Trump never ask his Donald Trump again to give the Nazi salute , which he Donald Trump at a rally in March . That ’s not a good idea . " " And then of course in July he Donald Trump an image of his Donald Trump with the    Jewish star on it , " he Donald Trump . " I thought that was a mistake , but we have bigger problems here . also in july July you know , he Donald Trump as his Donald Trump president the most homophobic man in American public life , a person who believes that gay people actually do not have the right too exist , and then , if you do n’t want to support the    do n’t choose as a White House Counselor a man who uses the word n*gger , whose wife says that he whose wife not want his whose wife to go to a school with too many Jews , and do n’t choose as an attorney general a man who calls the NAACP an    organization and who we learned in The Guardian today went so far as to prosecute   —   . " Anchor Brooke Baldwin then asked Kaiser not to say the " " on her Anchor Brooke Baldwin . Later on , Kaiser Kaiser Paris Dennard it was " shameful " that any    would support Jeff Sessions for attorney general . At the end of the segment , a visibly upset Baldwin Anchor Brooke Baldwin criticized Kaiser Kaiser using the    and said that " the claim that Mr. Bannon used the     —    I ’ve never heard of this . So , there ’s that . " Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 