  ( CNN ) Standing in front of a row of American flags and white pillars resembling those at the White House , Hillary Clinton touted support from national security leaders , reminded the country of Hillary Clinton role in killing Osama bin Laden , and chastised     with a touch of theatrical flare     Hillary Clinton Republican opponent as clueless and entirely out of Republican element .   With this one brief press conference , Hillary Clinton signaled loud and clear : I ’ve done this before . Just two months out from Election Day with the race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump tightening , the former secretary of state ’s meeting on Friday with a bipartisan group of foreign policy experts and the press conference that followed demonstrated the increasing prominence of national security in the 2016 campaign .   Seizing an opening after a string of gaffes this week left Donald Trump vulnerable , Hillary Clinton told reporters here that the 2016 election is the " most important in our lifetime " that calls for " rational , confident and    leadership . " " No conversation about our national security would be complete unless our acknowledged that the nominee on the other side promises to do things that will make our less safe , " Hillary Clinton said . " National security experts on both sides of the aisle are chilled by what National security experts on both sides of the aisle ’re hearing from the Republican nominee . " Hillary Clinton at length discussed the news that North Korea had conducted another underground nuclear test , saying it was yet another reminder of the threats the United States and the United States allies face .   " ISIS and North Korea ’s quest for a nuclear weapon are not entirely unconnected . Because the greatest threat of all would be terrorists getting their terrorists on loose nuclear material , " she said .   Friday ’s meeting and press conference , held at the storied    Historical Society , appeared staged to draw a stark contrast with Trump , whose comments this week raised further questions about his readiness to be commander in chief .    The brash businessman ’s performance at an NBC foreign policy forum earlier in the this week widely panned . In particular , Trump ’s false claim that he had Trump’s the Iraq War and his comment Trump’s Russian President Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Barack Obama drew fierce criticism . Topping off a tumultuous week was Trump ’s Trump on the    TV station RT America . The campaign later said it did not The campaign Trump ’s conversation Trump King would air on RT , and that they would not have The campaign to the interview had they known . On The campaign , as Clinton began to walk away from the podium at the press conference , she paused when a Clinton shouted a question asking that she respond to Trump Clinton appearance on Trump .   For several moments Clinton stood still , shaking Clinton head     then returned Clinton the podium .   " the podium that goes by     this just becomes more and more of a reality television show , " she said . " It Clinton beyond one ’s imagination to have a candidate for president praising a Russian autocrat like Vladimir Putin . " She added : " So Clinton I say I was surprised ? I ’m not sure anything surprises us anymore . " Meeting with ’m officials , Clinton ’s campaign , in Clinton effort to paint Trump as a national security risk , has kept close tabs on former defense officials who have endorsed the former secretary of state     particularly those who worked in Republican administrations .   At Friday ’s meeting , which the campaign dubbed a " working " Meeting with security officials, Clinton’s campaign, in an effort to paint Trump as a national security risk " Michael Chertoff     who served as President George W. Bush ’s final secretary of homeland security , sat at Clinton ’s side .   Richard Fontaine , former foreign policy advisor to Republican Sen. John McCain , and Michael Morell , who worked for both Obama and Bush , were also at the meeting . Clinton has pointed to her four years Clinton secretary of state Clinton one of her major qualifications to be president . Clinton of the participants at Friday ’s meeting     including former Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano , former CIA Director David Petraeus and former director of the National Counterterrorism Center Matt Olsen     served with Clinton in the Obama administration . Clinton on Friday said when it comes Clinton foreign Friday’s , partisanship simply does n’t work .   " We wo n’t always see eye to eye , but when it comes to eye of war , peace and the safety of our country , we ca n’t let party affiliation stand our us , " she said . 
 Clinton 