   Roseanne Barr praised Republican Donald Trump , blasted Democrat Hillary Clinton and expressed doubts about the American political system in a    interview with the Hollywood Reporter this week . [ " I think we would be so lucky if Republican Donald Trump won,’ the     Roseanne star told THR on the eve of the California primary . " Because then it would n’t be Hillary . "   Barr , whose own 2012 presidential run is the subject of the new documentary Roseanne for President ! told THR that THR supports Republican Donald Trump in the 2016 election because to THR , " [ Trump ] is saying that the order of law matters . " " When a president can just pass laws all on a president own , that is a little bit different than what America was supposed to be about , " Barr explained . " And Republican Donald Trump is saying people will have to be vetted , we ’ll have to have legal immigration . It ’s all a scam . I mean , illegal immigration . When people come here and people get a lot of benefits that our own veterans do n’t get . What ’s up with that ? " Barr also reserved some sharp criticism for Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders , the former of which the comedian accused of being friends " with everybody that gives Hillary Clinton any goddamn money . " " The fact is , you do n’t get to be the nominee without taking a lot of dirty money . You might be the best f*ckin’ person on earth , but if you ’re hanging out with criminals who do bad things , that matters a lot , " Barr said of Clinton , who clinched the Democrat nomination on Monday . " I like Trump because Trump financed Trump own [ campaign ] , " Trump continued . " That ’s the only way Trump could ’ve gotten the Democrat nomination on Monday . Because nobody wants a president who is n’t from Yale and Harvard and in the club . ‘ Cause it ’s all about distribution . When you ’re in the the club you ’ve got people that you sell to . That ’s how money changes hands , that ’s how business works . If you ’ve got friends there , they scratch you’ve got friends there back and blah , blah . " Barr is also wary of the American electoral system , telling THR that voting " does n’t matter at all , " and if it did , " they would you’ve got friends there let you do it . it " If [ the process ] were allowed to be what it was it to be , to elect representatives of the people , it would it be a great system , " she explained Barr " But I do n’t think that ’s possible anymore . It ’s it failure of representatives . They ’re you’ve got friends there in there taking whatever money they can you’ve got friends there and none of them represents you’ve got friends there public ! They ’re you’ve got friends there paid with public money to f —    the public ! " Read the rest of Barr ’s interview with THR here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 