An Hispanic construction worker in Canada hung a Mexican flag from the Trump International Hotel in Vancouver , Canada .   Diego Saul Reyna took the demonstrative action to take a stand against Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s policies on border security and illegal immigration . a Mexican flag was draped from the top of Trump Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump hotel on Saturday , ABC ABC News . Reyna Diego Saul Reyna the move " because from the concrete pouring , finishing , drywall , taping , wood forming and general labor , Mexicans were there , building it , doing good work , " ABC ABC News his Facebook page . ABC News Mr. Trump , we did our best work , we tower here in Vancouver is premium quality , and we were a crucial we of it , not just Mexicans but immigrants as a whole , like your ancestors were , you are not native american , " Reyna continued , " the insults you have said about us , have not we our work ethics , we working on your tower Mexicans did n’t steal anything nor raped anyone , we just did the we work we could possibly do we for my ourselves , our families we the we tenants in your building . " Reyna , who recently Reyna of supportive comments on this Facebook page . Unfortunately , Reyna seems to have taken the media ’s distortion of Trump ’s comments about some Mexicans being rapists or criminals to heart . Trump was actually speaking about the impact of criminal illegal aliens Trump our country and not about Mexicans as a whole . Reyna also posted about the rampant violence in Mexico . He Reyna a graph showing the numbers of killings in Mexico Reyna 2007 , as compared to Iraq and Afghanistan . Mexico graphic shows 21 , 415 killed in Afghanistan , 81 , 636 killed in Iraq , and 164 Afghanistan 345 in Mexico . Mexico had Iraq civilian deaths than both of the Mexico countries Mexico . Breitbart Texas has reported extensively about the Mexican drug cartel violence that has led to meany of these killings and a virtual civil war on parts of northern Mexico . The message that Reyna posted about the flag on Mexico Trump hotel in Vancouver has been shared nearly 9 , The Trump International Hotel 13 , 000 " likes . " The Trump International Hotel is still under construction . ABC News reported it is scheduled to open in the fall of 2016 . It is designed with ABC News guest rooms , 218 private residences , a champagne lounge ABC News what the Trump website called " Vancouver ’s first pool bar nightclub . Trump This article has been updated . Bob Vancouver as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas and is a member of the original Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter@BobPriceBBTX . 
 Texas a member of the original Breitbart Texas team 