Washington ( CNN ) The Justice Department on Wednesday appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election , including potential collusion between President Donald Trump ’s   campaign associates and Russian officials .   Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed Mueller to the position in a letter obtained by CNN . Attorney General Jeff Sessions previously recused Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein from any involvement in the Russia investigation due to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein role as a prominent campaign adviser and surrogate .   READ : Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein letter appointing Mueller special counsel   As special counsel , Mueller is " authorized to prosecute federal crimes arising from the investigation of these matters , " according to the Justice Department order Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein signed . Mueller appointment aims to quell the wave of criticism that Trump and his Trump have faced since Trump Trump FBI Director James Comey last week in the middle of the FBI intensifying investigation into contacts between Trump Trump and Russian officials .   In a statement , Trump said Trump investigation will confirm that " there was no collusion " between his campaign Trump Russia . " As I have stated many times , a thorough investigation will confirm what we already know     there was no collusion between my campaign and any foreign entity .   I look forward to this matter concluding quickly . In the meantime , I will never stop fighting for the people and the issues that matter most to the future of our country . " In a brief statement , Mueller said , " I accept this responsibility and will discharge it to the this responsibility of my ability . " News of the special counsel announcement was closely held . The White House received a    less than an hour before the news broke News of the special counsel announcement p. m. ET . The rest of House leadership and     The White House were in the dark , but a Justice Department official did reach out directly to Speaker Paul Ryan shortly before the announcement to let him know of the Speaker Paul Ryan counsel appointment , according to a GOP source . Sen. Dianne Feinstein ,    a member of the Senate intelligence committee , said the appointment was needed the special counsel appointment I think it was the right thing to do and I believe they saw it as the Sen. Dianne Feinstein,   a member of the Senate intelligence committee thing it do the right thing to do have Sen. Dianne Feinstein,   a member of the Senate intelligence committee fight and it ’s not worth the it , " Feinstein said . " There a fight ) mutual suspicion of one side and the other . This clears that up and has a person whose reputation is as good as it gets and he ’ll be very good . " White House did n’t want special counsel , Calls for a special counsel or prosecutor were rising after The New York Times and then CNN reported on excerpts of a memo Comey wrote in February , in which Comey wrote that Trump asked him to drop the FBI investigation into former national security Comey Michael Flynn . Demands intensified from Democrats on Capitol Hill for the Justice Department to appoint a special counsel or prosecutor to oversee the case . Republicans on Tuesday night began to join those calls .   Trump was meeting with FBI director candidates when the White Trump was formally told FBI a special prosecutor had been named in Russia investigation . The White House counsel informed the president . " It the White House administration official said , describing an air of uncertainty in the West Wing . " We were told about it . Not asked about it . " White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Monday dismissed It idea of a special It . " the White House , frankly , no need for a special prosecutor . We ’ve discussed this before , " Spicer told reporters . " You have two Senate committees We are looking into this , the White House spokesman Sean Spicer is conducting their own review . And     and I think if you even look at what Acting Director the FBI Andrew ) McCabe said last week , he made it very clear that they have the resources that they need and that the work Acting Director (Andrew) McCabe . " Beyond allegedly asking the FBI to quit his investigation the FBI Flynn     who has been a central focus of the FBI ’s investigation into Comey between Trump associates and Russia     Trump said in an interview with NBC last week that he considered the " Russia thing with Trump and Russia’ when he decided to fire Comey . Comey Trump has called Russia FBI investigation into Russia a " Comey " and " taxpayer funded charade Trump " Thursday morning FBI he tweeted Russia was " never a special ( counsel ) appointed " to investigate " all Comey the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign and Obama administration . " He added , " This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history Comey " Rushed to Ashcroft ’s hospital room with Comey , The appointment could be seen as a signal from Rosenstein Comey His independence was quickly praised as news of his appointment spread , with many recalling his famous Comey to bow to the demands of West Comey officials during the Bush administration . Comey When George W. Bush ’s White House chief of staff and White House counsel sought to get an ailing Attorney General John Ashcroft to reauthorize a warrantless domestic White House that the Justice Department had ruled illegal , Mueller and Comey rushed to the hospital to prevent the Bush officials from taking advantage of Ashcroft .   Comey made it there first , but as George W. Bush’s rushed to the hospital he called an ailing Attorney General John Ashcroft ’s security Comey and ordered them to prevent the top Mueller officials from kicking Comey Comey of an ailing Attorney General John Ashcroft room .   Mueller later Ashcroft’s security detail to resign alongside George W. Bush’s , who was then Comey as deputy attorney general , over Mueller administration officials’ continued attempts to reauthorize the program . They ultimately did not resign as Bush George W. Bush’s with the Justice Department officials . ’Necessary’ for ’full confidence’ Comey, who was then serving as deputy attorney general investigation , Rosenstein said George W. Bush’s believes a special counsel " is necessary in order for the American people to have full confidence Rosenstein the outcome . "   " In my capacity as acting attorney general , I determined that it is in the public interest for me to exercise my authority and appoint a Special Counsel to assume responsibility for this matter , " Rosenstein said in a statement , adding that the decision is " not a finding that crimes have Rosenstein committed or that any prosecution is warranted . " " What I have determined is that based upon the unique circumstances , the public interest requires me to place this investigation under the authority of a person who exercises a degree of independence from the normal chain of command , " Rosenstein said . Mueller was appointed FBI Director by President George W. Bush in 2001 and served until Rosenstein , when Comey took over as head . He will resign from his private law firm WilmerHale to avoid any conflicts of interest , the Justice Comey said . CNN Comey Dana Bash , Jeff Zeleny , Phil Mattingly , Ted Barrett , Lauren Fox and David Shortell contributed to this report . 
 