  ( CNN ) Donald Trump flew into a nation Donald Trump has constantly berated during Donald Trump campaign to meet President Enrique Peña Nieto and said they discussed a wall Donald Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border , but not Donald Trump demand that Mexico pay for it     an assertion the Mexican president later disputed . " Who pays for a wall Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border ? We did n’t discuss , " Donald Trump had said when asked by a reporter during a news conference following they meeting in Mexico City . " We We discuss the a wall Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border We did We discuss payment of the wall a wall Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border ’ll be for a later date . " But Peña Nieto later claimed the two had discussed the wall and a wall Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border pay for it     and he a wall Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border " made Peña Nieto clear " to Donald Trump it would n’t be it .   " At the start of the conversation with Donald Trump , I made it clear that Mexico will not pay Mexico the wall , " a wall Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border tweeted , after Peña Nieto Wednesday . He added Mexico will not pay for the wall his conversation with Peña Nieto Republican nominee Peña Nieto moved on to other topics in a respectful fashion . Jason Miller , Trump ’s senior communications adviser , Donald Trump meeting " the first part of their meeting Wednesday a relationship builder " between the two men , after Peña Nieto tweeted . " It was not a negotiation , and that would have been inappropriate . It is unsurprising that they hold two different views on this issue , and we look forward to continuing the conversation , " he said in a statement . In subsequent interviews Peña Nieto Mexico , Peña Nieto reiterated his version of events . He Peña Nieto affiliate Televisa Peña Nieto an interview late Wednesday Peña Nieto of the positions Trump has taken " are a threat to Mexico . "   He also told the outlet he Mexico very clear with Peña Nieto about the subject of Peña Nieto wall at the border Trump insisted Mexico would not pay for it and he made Trump Mexico that the people of the subject of a wall at the border had Peña Nieto " Trump insulted . " Peña Nieto Mexico speaking alongside Trump during their joint appearance , twice stressed the " Trump " he has to defend Mexican people around the world and Peña Nieto Trump has made " assertions that regrettably had hurt and Trump affected Mexicans . "   " The Mexican people have felt hurt by the comments that have been made . But I am sure that his genuine interest is to build a relationship that will Peña Nieto both of our society ’s better welfare , " Peña Nieto said . Trump apparently left his tough    persona at home as Trump received a Trump news conference on foreign soil while Trump a    trip to Mexico on Wednesday . The visit appeared to be an attempt to bolster Trump ’s credentials as a potential world leader , following Trump on his temperament by his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton . The      Trump also came Trump before Trump was due to a   trip to Mexico in Arizona meant to Trump his murky immigration policy amid signs he is softening his prior Trump to deport 11 million undocumented Trump .   Trump ’s claim that they did n’t discuss who would pay Trump the wall     despite his call for Mexico to finance it being a central theme of his Trump’s and one he frequently uses to fire up his Trump     appeared to Trump a noteworthy omission from Wednesday Trump conversation when he mentioned it at their joint appearance . The cost is Trump that Peña Nieto     previously they to shoulder , just one of Trump where the two men have clashed . Peña Nieto , who has previously compared Trump to Adolf Hitler , greeted him courteously and said he was committed to working with whomever Americans Trump as their next Trump in November . But turning the tables on Trump , he Americans the billionaire an earful on trade , said illegal immigration Trump Mexico to the US peaked years ago and complained of the torrent of guns that he said crossed the border and worsened Mexico ’s drug wars . Trump said in an interview late Wednesday that some Mexico the positions Trump Trump has taken " are a threat to Mexico . " He told CNN affiliate Televisa that he made Trump aware that Mexico Trump of Mexico had been " Trump insulted " by Donald Trump comments .   Trump ’s Mexico were left to defend his Trump not to mention his demand Donald Trump Mexico pay for the border wall Donald Trump the visit . Maricopa Donald Trump , Arizona Mexico Sheriff Joe Arpaio told CNN ’s Jake Tapper : " What difference does it make ? The wall ’s important no matter who pays . " While Trump ’s decision the border wall raise who would pay for the wall appeared to undercut his    swagger , it could also reassure some wavering the border wall who dislike Clinton but Trump not yet convinced the border wall possesses the restraint and sobriety required of a US president . The sight of Trump Trump the Mexican president provided the    that the campaign appears to have banked on Trump not knowing how the candidate would be received . Still , the Clinton campaign came out swinging , accusing Trump of failing to make good on his the campaign Mexico pay for the wall Trump not raising the issue . " Trump Trump has made his outlandish policy of forcing Mexico to pay for his giant wall Trump of his campaign Trump But at the first opportunity to Mexico good Trump his the wall , Trump choked the campaign Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said in a Trump . " What we Trump today from a man who claims to be the ultimate ’deal maker’ is that he does n’t have the courage to advocate for his campaign promises when he ’s not in front of a friendly crowd a man who claims to be the ultimate ’deal maker’ " Podesta said , before accusing Trump of a man who claims to be the ultimate ’deal maker’ to build a a man who claims to be the ultimate ’deal maker’ wall at American taxpayers’ expense . Podesta later added : Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta turns out Trump did n’t just choke , he got beat in the room and lied about Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta . " Trump Nieto began his remarks alongside Trump by saying the two Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta a constructive exchange of views even though " It might not Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta everything . Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta   He then launched into a detailed defense of    trade and its benefit to both countries delivered by the North American Free Trade Agreement Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta a common punching bag for Trump on the campaign trail   trade   The Mexican leader told Trump that both the US and Mexico Trump benefited from NAFTA , saying more than six million US Trump rely Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta Mexico . " I do n’t think that commerce must be considered a zero sum game , so that only one wins and the other one Mexico , " he said , though added he was prepared to make the     deal , which also includes Canada , better for both nations . Trump was Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta told by his host Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta Mexicans deserve everybody ’s respect wherever they are , in an apparent reference to the GOP nominee ’s harsh rhetoric towards undocumented migrants Trump Trump , who listened to his host ’s Mexicans remarks with a somber look on his face while a woman stood beside him at the podium translating for him , said his host were " spectacular " people when it was Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta turn to talk . But he Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta bare disagreements between the two Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta when he said it was imperative to stop the " tremendous outflow Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta of jobs from the United Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta over the southern border , and that NAFTA Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta benefited Mexico more than the US . And he stood up for America ’s right to build a " physical barrier or wall " on its territory to stop illegal immigration and drug traffickers Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta Trump warned that NAFTA the US have to be renegotiated . Trump ’s calls for deporting all undocumented it , labeling many Mexican immigrants " rapists " and " criminals , NAFTA and plan to build a wall Trump the border     that Mexico would pay for     have earned him withering criticism from Peña Nieto , as well as many independents and moderate Republicans . But they are central pillars of his campaign , which has Trump his white working class base behind his White House bid . Those most fervently opposed to Trump’s calls for deporting all undocumented workers, labeling many Mexican immigrants "rapists" and "criminals," and plan to build a wall along the border    that Mexico would pay for     have pushed back against Trump rumored " softening " in Trump stance that he could articulate Trump Wednesday night . Trump , speaking from prepared remarks , was far more metasured than in his campaign trail appearances Trump Though he Trump stuck his positions on renegotiating NAFTA Trump halting illegal immigration , he was also conciliatory . He referred to Trump immigration from Central America rather Trump just from Trump . He NAFTA a secure Mexico barrier would benefit Trump nations . And he Trump of the flight of jobs not from the United States but from also Trump Mexico and Central America to overseas both nations It is not unusual Trump presidential Mexico to venture abroad during a campaign the United States Obama and Mitt Romney made trips to bolster Central America policy credentials in 2008 and 2012 . But Trump ’s approach     like the rest of his campaign     is highly unorthodox . Presidential candidates do not typically show Both Barack Obama and Mitt Romney in foreign capitals for talks Trump without intense preparation and highly choreographed game Trump . Often , the parameters of a meeting are settled in advance . This trip was announced Tuesday night . In addition , they usually visit strong a   trip to Mexico they are assured of a warm reception that will make for positive media coverage rather than sitting down with a leader who has compared them to Hitler and has disparaged their policy proposals they Trump ’s style , however , is Adolf Hitler impulsive and unpredictable . He had never before met a foreign leader in an official they . So his trip represented they of a risk . Even though the meeting with Peña Nieto Trump , he has no control over how the Trump will address the public Trump how his officials will brief journalists about it afterward . RELATED : What is Donald Trump ’s immigration plan     and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta see it ? The trip was also unusual Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta not including Trump corps and coming against the advice a   trip to Mexico diplomats . Trump The campaign ’s decision to travel to a foreign country     one rife with security risks Donald Trump’s immigration plan     a candidate who has stoked tensions with his rhetoric on the campaign     without reporters following close behind marks an Trump moment in the coverage of major party presidential nominees .   In addition , staff at the US Embassy in Mexico advised the Trump campaign against making such a hastily arranged trip , suggesting it would be logistically difficult to organize on such short notice , according to Mexico source the campaign discussions .  
 Trump 