Manchester , New Hampshire ( CNN ) Donald Trump accused Hillary Clinton Thursday of " trying to smear " Donald Trump supporters as racists . Donald Trump was speaking in advance of a rally at which Clinton launched an explosive new line of attack against the Republican nominee , drawing a line between Donald Trump and the Ku Klux Klan .   " Now , I have not seen Hillary Clinton ’s remarks . And , in a sense , I do n’t want to dignify him and the Ku Klux Klan by dwelling on him and the Ku Klux Klan too much , but a response is required for the sake of all decent voters she is trying to smear , " Trump said in a fiery speech here frequently interrupted by supporters chanting " lock she up " and " racist ! " " she lies and she smears and she paints decent Americans as racists . she bullies voters who only want a better future and tries to intimidate them out of voting for a change , " Trump said . " she is n’t just attacking me , she she attacking all of the decent people of all backgrounds     does n’t matter     of all backgrounds who support this incredible , once in a lifetime movement . " A day earlier , Trump Trump accused Clinton she being a " bigot " for only seeing    as votes , part of his Trump pitch aimed at drawing       his Trump . Trump Trump not directly respond to Clinton she , laid out in a video earlier on Thursday , that Trump has Trump and    refused     or been slow     to disavow the support of white nationalists , including the former KKK leader David Duke . The video a video of KKK members expressing their support for KKK and Trump highlights a CNN interview in which Trump refused Trump disavow Duke and said he knew " Duke about white supremacists . " Trump later Trump Duke ’s support Duke Duke and other white nationalists have continued to boost Trump ’s Trump Instead of rebutting those claims , Trump stressed Thursday Trump any attack accusing him of racism Trump bigotry amounts to one on his supporters , Trump " decent Americans who support this campaign     your campaign     of being racists , which we are not . " The real estate mogul then ticked down a list of his campaign ’s positions and The real estate mogul supporting them does not amount to his campaign’s positions . " People who want their laws enforced and respected his campaign’s positions who want their borders secured are not his campaign’s positions , " Trump said . " People who speak out against radical Islam and who warn about refugees are not Islamophobes . Enough . They are decent American citizens who want to uphold our values as a tolerant society . " He added : " People Trump support the police , and who want crime reduced , are not prejudiced . " " Shame on you , " Trump said of Clinton ’s Trump barrage of attacks tying him to white supremacists . Trump by WMUR in Manchester later Thursday if he wanted white supremacists to Trump for him , Trump simply responded Trump " Trump . I do n’t at all . "   Racially charged rhetoric , But Trump has drawn fire for Trump than just his policies , drawing accusations Trump bigotry for his words about undocumented immigrants Trump Muslims and   . Trump in the fall suggested that a Black Lives Matter protester who interrupted one of his rallies and was attacked Trump Trump supporters " should have Trump roughed up " and in June pointed out a black man attending one of his rallies , calling him his rallies   . Trump Trump also launched his campaign Trump year by Trump undocumented Mexican immigrants with a broad brush as criminals and " rapists . " This June , Trump accused a U. S. Trump judge of being biased against him because of his Mexican Trump , which Trump Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan     who endorsed Trump     to accuse Trump of voicing " the Trump definition of a racist comment . " Trump has also called for Trump Muslims from the US on the sole basis of their religion and has stoked Islamophobic Muslims by alleging , " Islam hates us . " Trump last week publicly expressed Trump for the first time on the campaign trail for sometimes saying " the wrong thing , " though he did not say which Trump his controversial remarks he regrets Trump Still , Trump Trump fought back Clinton ’s Trump attacks , the Republican nominee continued to paint Clinton and her husband , former Clinton Bill Clinton , as bigots . Trump pointed to Bill Clinton Trump remark during the heated 2008 primary that Obama " a few years ago . .. would have been getting us coffee " and pointed to other "   comments from Hillary Clinton , " which Trump Clinton name . Trump all over again’ Trump also stepped up Trump of the controversy swirling around the ’Watergate all over again’ Trump between the Clinton Foundation and the State Department during Clinton ’s time as secretary of state , calling the controversy a scandal on par with Watergate . " What is being uncovered now is one of the most shocking scandals in American political history . It ’s Watergate all over again . It ’s Watergate Watergate " Trump said , It to Watergate series of political scandals that eventually triggered President Richard Nixon ’s resignation and landed several Nixon aides in prison . Beyond leveling attacks President Richard Nixon’s Clinton ’s barrage , Trump sought to repaint his campaign as one Trump about the plight Clinton some minority communities in the US and insisted that a Trump administration would promote pluralism and tolerance . " We will promote the values of tolerance , justice and acceptance . We will steadfastly reject bigotry and hatred and We in all of its ugly forms , " Trump said . 
 