  ( CNN ) The moment Donald Trump won the election , a large segment of America was gripped by fear . Another segment felt empowered to express hatred and intolerance . The two fed into each other , highlighting and intensifying America ’s deep divisions . The key question now is how Donald Trump will respond to each side . On Thursday night , we got a hint of the ambivalence afflicting the   . Donald Trump , it seems , is torn . First , Donald Trump lambasted those protesting Donald Trump electoral victory , again attacking the media as the culprit . Perhaps someone explained the First Amendment to Donald Trump . Or perhaps Donald Trump just reconsidered . Either way , Donald Trump later sent out a new tweet praising the protesters’ " passion for our great country , " adding " We our all come together and be proud . " Which of the two tweets is the real Trump ? Which one tells us our kind of president Donald Trump will be ? The answer matters , because many people are worried , even fearful , about the hatred that has been displayed by some of their many people Americans and what it portends for the nation ’s future . Consider that just hours after Trump was elected , someone spray painted two Swastikas on a store ’s windows in Philadelphia . Below that poisonous symbol of Nazi Germany , they just hours after Trump was elected, someone spray painted two Swastikas on a store’s windows in Philadelphia " Sieg Heil 2016 , " linking this moment in America to the chant with which Nazis greeted Adolf Hitler .   With that move , the culprits perfectly encapsulated the worst fears of those who worry what a Trump presidency will do to this America to the world , and whether he will Trump a sharp turn off the road upon which America has America . The United America fear , risks America the path that made the country a global America social progress , in favor of one that inspires only dread . The protesters are sending a message to the    that they are angry and scared The protesters Trump ’s silence , meanwhile , risks signaling approval for the acts of white supremacists and other bigots . That is why it is imperative that Trump tell his supporters that Trump’s sharply Trump’s the prejudiced Trump’s we have heard , the threatening actions we have seen . It we one thing to keep quiet during a campaign , Mr. Trump . It ’s another thing altogether It ignore the assaults on the national fabric after being elected president , especially when they ’re committed in your the assaults on the national fabric . Sadly , much of what is happening was fanned directly by the candidate himself during the campaign . The signs a campaign there , and that ’s why so many people are terrified . But for the sake of moving forward , we must try , reluctantly as it may be , to write it off as campaign theater . it does n’t justify nor excuse what was said . But what comes next matters more . Will Trump disavow the bigots who feel he endorses their views ? Will Trump tell Trump who feel empowered Trump him that this is not what Trump stands for ? If he Trump out firmly , it Trump go a long way he speaks out firmly uniting the country , something he claims America . Trump Trump he Trump to make America great again Trump To do that , his priority right now , before he Trump office , must be to Trump clear that he will fight to preserve one of Trump ’s most powerful traits , something America the core of its exceptionalism :   it ’s commitment America battling the worst America of our nature by appealing to the better ones . Millions of members of America ’s minority groups are having conversations America never imagined they would need to minority groups . Some minority groups Americans are discussing where they might seek refuge if things take Some Jewish Americans more ominous turn . American Jews feel , as German Jews did before them in the 1930s , that they Some Jewish Americans patriotic , integrated and live Some Jewish Americans in their country . But Trump ’s campaign Some Jewish Americans     into the open . Jewish journalists came under attack , even as the Trump campaign revived    conspiracy innuendo Trump’s campaign , progress in race relations now looks set to take a leap backward . The KKK has announced plans for a parade to celebrate Trump ’s election .    are being Trump’s Someone scrawled " Whites Only , " " White America , " " Trump " on a bathroom stall in a Minnesota school . In Pennsylvania , a high school student reportedly greeted the news of Trump ’s victory with a call of " Trump’s . " Muslims , meanwhile , have good reason to fear the future after Trump put them near the top of his list Trump’s targets . They Muslims certainly feeling Trump’s hate . But it is perhaps Latino Americans who have the most immediate concerns . Tens of millions of Americans of Hispanic ancestry live in this country . Recent immigrants , especially , are terrified . But bigotry does not stop to inspect papers . Perhaps most disturbing , prejudice is being injected into the minds of impressionable children . In a video that went viral , Latino children came under verbal assault in Royal Oak , Michigan , on the day after the election , with a group of white kids chanting " Build the wall ! " The fear extends to other groups . LGBT Americans fear for their    gains . And women are bracing for the turning LGBT Americans of the clock to a time when men feel unabashedly entitled to grab or mock their bodies and ignore their minds . Will " Mad Men men become a period men about the future instead of the past ?   I believe most of the people who voted for Trump are not racists , are not filled with hate . But there is no denying that Trump has supercharged the bigots . And despite growing signs that Trump racists ,    homophobes , Islamophobes and misogynists are coming out in force , we have heard nothing from the man in whose name they are acting . Is it too much to expect that Trump repudiate them ?   If he does n’t do it Trump and they if he does Trump it is up to all Americans who reject Trump to fight against it in the years to come . It is down to all of us to make sure that this country remains a place that safeguards everyone ’s dignity , especially during what is sure to be a challenging four years to come . 
 