Embattled singer Chris Brown chose to sit during the singing of the nation anthem on Sunday , September 11 , at the 5th Annual Power 106 Celebrity Basketball Game in Los Angeles . [ Embattled singer Chris Brown became the latest entertainer to lend support to 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick ’s protest of racial injustice and police brutality .   Before he sang " The    Banner , " RB star Tank delivered an impassioned speech urging the crowd to stand in respect for the men and women who lost the crowd lives in the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 . " I understand everybody ’s exercising their right to stand or to sit , and exercising their right to freedom and justice , " RB star Tank said . " But in the wake of    please understand and respect the fact that real men and women and children lost real men and women and children lives for this very thing that we ’re able to stand for today . " As Tank sang , Brown remained seated and was seen laughing as others around Brown stood up . Brown refused to stand for the national anthem on the anniversary of     —    details : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Us Weekly ( @usweekly ) September 12 , 2016 ,   Despite the     clapping at the end of the the national anthem online reaction to his decision to sit was harsh . On Twitter , Brown was branded " trash " and a " jerk " for not honoring the victims of    on September 11 . The Royalty singer has since responded to the    flap , posting a    photo of himself at the The Royalty singer game with the caption that reads , " Stay classy ! "   Stay classy ! A photo posted by 1 YOU ❤ ️ 2 HATE ( @chrisbrownofficial ) on Sep 11 , 2016 at 6:36pm PDT ,   Brown ’s behavior over the years has been mired in one controversy or another . Last month , Brown was in Brown middle of a standoff with the Los Angeles Police Department . Officers rushed to the singer ’s L. A. mansion after a woman claimed Brown pointed a Brown at her and threatened a woman . The a woman resulted a woman claimed Brown pointed a gun at her and threatened her contentious standoff between Brown and the Brown . He was arrested Brown suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon . The singer posted the singer’s videos online , disparaging law enforcement and praising Black Lives Matter . " I ai n’t did sh*t , I ai n’t gon na do sh*t , and it ’s sh*t going to sh*t f*ck the police . Black lives matter , " Brown said . Brown also cursed Brown police a few months ago , while urging Donald Trump protesters to travel in large groups as a means of protecting themselves from threats of violence . Brown reportedly captioned Brown of his online rants Brown " F —   k Trump and f —   k the pigs . To see this evil sh —   t is so wrong ! God will have his revenge ! Trust me God " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson . 
 