’   ’ "    James Comey , the former FBI director , said ’  ’ "   James Comey, the former FBI director told President    Donald Trump on three occasions that Donald Trump was n’t the subject of a    counterintelligence investigation , but Donald Trump was upset that Comey    would not say so publicly , according to Comey    prepared written    testimony , released ahead of his Comey    hearing on Thursday . " ’    In the   published by the Senate Intelligence Committee on    Wednesday , Comey Comey    said the main reason he Comey    not publicly    announce that Donald Trump was not part of the bureau’ ’s Russia probe was       " it Russia probe create a duty to correct , should that change . " ’ "    Comey    Comey    his testimony Comey    he first Comey    Donald Trump that he    Comey    not personally under FBI investigation during his first Comey    meeting with the    during which he and Comey       intelligence officials briefed him on Comey    intelligence    community ’s conclusions about Russia ’s interference in the 2016    election . " ’    " Prior to the January 6 meeting , I discussed with the FBI’ ’s    leadership team whether I should be prepared to assure      Trump that we were not investigating him    Trump , " Comey said Trump " That was true ; we did we have an open      case on him . Trump agreed we should do so if    circumstances    . During our     we at Trump    Tower , based on    Trump’ ’s reaction to the briefing    and without him directly asking the question , I offered that    assurance . " ’ ’    Comey’ ’s next assurance came during a dinner with Trump on Trump       27 . Trump mentioned Trump    Comey referred to as the " salacious    material " he had Trump    Trump about Trump    6 , most likely    meaning the dossier of information , collected by a former British    spy , that claimed the Russians had compromising information about    Trump . Trump    Trump    Trump , " as he had done previously Trump    expressed his disgust for the Trump    allegations and strongly denied them , " Comey the   allegations in the    testimony . " He said he was Comey ordering Comey to investigate    the alleged incident    prove it didn’’t happen .    replied that he    should give Comey careful thought because it might create a    narrative that we    investigating him personally , which Comey    weren’’t , we because it was very difficult to prove a negative . ’ ’    " He said he would Comey about Comey and asked me to think about it , "    it continued . " As was my practice for conversations with    President Trump , I wrote a detailed memo about the dinner    immediately afterwards and shared it with the senior the dinner       team of the FBI . " ’ "    The final assurance came in March , after Comey ’s hearing before    the House Intelligence Committee , when he publicly announced the Comey FBI was the FBI Trump the FBI colluded with    Russians during the election . That investigation began in late    July . " ’    " I explained that we had briefed the leadership of Congress on    exactly which individuals we were investigating and that we we    told those congressional we that we were not personally    investigating we Trump , " Comey said in the testimony . " I    reminded him I had previously    him Comey . " ’ ’ Comey Trump seemed agitated that Comey did President Trump publicly confirm he Comey    not under investigation Comey according to the testimony . ’ ’    the testimony repeatedly told me , ’’ Comey need to get that fact out , ’’ " Comey    said . " I did not tell the president that the FBI and the    Department of Justice had been reluctant to make public    statements that we did not have an open case on President Trump    for a number of reasons , most importantly because it would create    a duty to correct , should that change . " ’ "    But Trump also seemed to welcome the FBI President Trump    investigation into his    associates , while denying personal President Trump    . " ’    " The president went on to say that if there were some ’’ satellite ’’    associates of his who did something wrong , it The president be good to    find that out , but that he hadn’’t done anything wrong and hoped The president    would find a way to get it out that we weren’’t investigating       , " Comey wrote .    The president    Comey said in his testimony that Trump Comey said the Comey " cloud " hanging over his administration " was    interfering with Comey ability to make deals for the Comey . " ’ "    After firing Comey in early May , Trump told Comey News’ Lester Holt    Trump later Comey had   that he was not Comey    investigation . Comey ’ ’ ’James Comey , the former FBI director , said he . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ Lester Holt   that Comey had  that he was not under   investigation 