Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " when asked about his jokes about the size of his opponents Donald Trumps hands , Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said it was his objective " to stand up and punch them back . "   Partial transcript as follows :   BASH : I want to put my parent hat on for a second . I ’m the mother of a     son , and I ’m having trouble letting a    son watch the news because things have gotten so vulgar and so over the top that I do n’t want a    son to think that the news ’s okay to act like that . And I ’m not alone . I know a lot of people have said that . How do you feel as a father and a presidential candidate about how low things have gone ? RUBIO : Well , I mean , no , but I ’ll tell you , this is related to the real question . I am glad you asked this . My kids were with RUBIO on the campaign trail a lot from New Hampshire , Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina . Every day when I woke up , I was glad My kids were there not just because My kids ’re My kids , but it reminded me of this is what it it one of the things you asked me , about . I do n’t want us to have a president that we us have to be explaining to our us , look , I know that ’s what the president did , but you should n’t do that . I do n’t want that . We us had a president like that not long ago . It was bad . BASH : But just to follow up , but the rhetoric has been   —    has been , I mean , I understand you ’re saying that you are trying to answer him the president some of the things that he the president been saying , but , you know , I ca n’t explain to my kid about the   —    you ’re talking about hands and things like that . RUBIO : Donald Trump , he Donald Trump have grown up the way he Donald Trump with a lot of money and going to boarding schools . Where I grew up , if someone keeps punching someone in the face , eventually someone ’s going to have to stand up and punch them someone keeps punching someone in the face . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 