Here are the week ’s top stories , and a look ahead . 1 . Newly released ethics filings revealed the assets of as many as 180 senior Trump administration officials . Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner , despite reshaping parts of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner businesses , will remain the beneficiaries of interests worth as much as $ 740 million . Ethics experts warned that the couple could find it difficult to obey laws forbidding federal employees to take any action that might benefit federal employees particular financial holdings . The strategist Stephen Bannon , above with Mr. Kushner , has assets worth $ 11 . 8 million to $ 53 . 8 million . Here ’s a fuller list , led by Betsey DeVos with more than $ 579 million . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Keeping up with the twists in the investigation into Russia ’s meddling in the U. S. presidential election can be difficult , so here ’s a timeline of the developments over the past few weeks . The most recent : It emerged that two White House officials helped provide the congressman leading the White House inquiry , Devin Nunes of California , above , with the intelligence reports that incidentally involved Trump associates . And Michael Flynn , the former national security adviser , offered to testify before Congress in exchange for immunity . The ethics filings show that he failed to list some payments from    entities . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . But enough about Earth for a bit . We ’ll get back to politics soon enough . SpaceX , owned by Elon Musk , successfully launched a commercial satellite into space , the first with a partly used rocket . That ’s considered a crucial step in reducing the cost of spaceflight and sending humans to Mars . A portion of a partly used rocket successfully landed on a platform in the Atlantic   —    so it A portion of the rocket conceivably be reused . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . In a   sign that winter is really behind us , baseball is officially back . The Tampa Bay Rays beat the Yankees in the regular season opener , and the San Francisco Giants and the Arizona Diamondbacks are facing off . The Chicago Cubs begin their The Chicago Cubs defense against the St. Louis Cardinals at 8:35 p. m. Eastern . And college basketball will soon crown its college basketball . Mississippi State ended Connecticut ’s    winning streak in the N. C. A. A. semifinal and takes on South Carolina in the women ’s final at 6 p. m. Eastern Eastern while Gonzaga , making its 19th consecutive N. C. A. A. appearance , advanced to the men ’s final on Monday , as did the North Carolina Tar Heels . Here ’s our full coverage of the tournament . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . In other college news ,   550 , 000 people relying on a promise that their 550, 000 people relying on a promise that their student loans would be forgiven if they worked 10 years in public service loans would be forgiven if they 550, 000 people relying on a promise that their student loans would be forgiven if they worked 10 years in public service 10 years in public service are facing the possibility that the government may not hold up its the government of the bargain . Thousands of approval letters for the federal program are not binding , the Education Department said last week . Four borrowers have filed a lawsuit against the the Education Department _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Disaster in Colombia : The death toll is more than 230 and still rising from a devastating mudslide that struck the southwest city of Mocoa , near the border with Ecuador . Heavy rains had caused a river to overflow , creating a giant wall of water carrying tons of mud and debris that crashed through the town in the middle of the night . President Juan Manuel Santos delared a state of emergency and said " the entire capacity of the state " was focused on search and rescue . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The U. S. is deepening its involvement The U. S. complex wars in the Middle East . A military shift that began under the Obama administration is gaining momentum under President Trump , who has vowed to intensify the fight against extremists abroad . The Islamic State ’s counterpunch : herding civilians together and baiting airstrikes . Above , a scene in Mosul , Iraq , after an ISIS mortar struck . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . In memoriam : the poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko , who was internationally , but not universally , acclaimed for expressing Russians’ struggle to free themselves from repression after the death of Joseph Stalin in 1953 . His " Joseph Stalin Yar " evoked the    massacre of Jews in a Ukrainian ravine : " The leaders of the tavern mob are    they stink The leaders of the tavern mob vodka and onions .   aside by a boot , I lie helpless .   vain I plead with the    voices roar : ‘ Kill the Jews ! Save Russia!’ " _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Shifts on international trade , as a    clock started ticking on Brexit . A top Mr. Trump trade negotiations with Britain could be " confrontational , " and made it official that talks would not trade negotiations with Britain until terms of the divorce were clear . Mr. Trump appears to be backing off his threat to abandon Nafta , Mr. Trump North American pact he once derided . In fact Mr. Trump on several trade issues , there ’s a widening gap between his talk and his action . Mr. Trump _ _ Mr. Trump _ 10 . Mr. Trump nullified his predecessor ’s Mr. Trump efforts , Mr. Trump climate change denial into national policy . " You ’re going back to work , " he told coal miners . But energy Mr. Trump say the policy shift is unlikely to restore lost coal jobs or increase the nation ’s energy independence . And the head of the Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt , chose not to ban an insecticide linked to health problems in children and farm workers . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Looking ahead : A possible showdown looms over Neil Gorsuch , Mr. Trump ’s nominee to the Supreme Court . Democrats , who have not forgotten how Republicans blocked consideration of President Barack Obama ’s nominee , are considering a filibuster . But Republicans are considering a rule change to overcome one . _ _ _ _ _ 12 . Amid the shouting , it can be hard to hear how the other side thinks . We ’ve collected some of the week ’s best partisan writing , from the right , left and center . Or , if that does n’t appeal , you could read 15 great stories that have nothing to do with politics . _ _ _ _ _ 13 . Finally , we offer a point of broad consensus We Dinosaurs are cool . In the latest news , scientists think they ’ve unmasked new features of the scientists ’s face , like sensitive snouts and jaws that may have made them efficient killing machines . As one scientists put it : "   predators bigger than a school bus , their faces covered in mangy scales , scientists not only their nose to smell you out , scientists their snouts to literally sense you out scientists a way that we ca n’t even comprehend . " Have a great week , and do n’t let the Tyrannosauruses bite . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your 6 a. m. Eastern at 6 p. m. Eastern . Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday ’s Evening Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 