  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump asked James Comey to end the investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn , a request documented in a memo written by the former FBI director , according to sources familiar with the matter . " I hope you can let this go , " James Comey wrote , quoting President Donald Trump in the document , which  (CNN) has not viewed but which was described by sources familiar with the matter . The bombshell revelation Tuesday escalated the already raging political crises engulfing the White House triggered by the bureau ’s probe into alleged cooperation between President Donald Trump aides and Russia and new reports that President Donald Trump divulged classified information to top Russian officials . Taken at face value , the disclosures about the Comey memo appear to provide the clearest sign yet that President Donald Trump tried to pressure the FBI and the Justice Department over the Russia Russia . The stunning new developments triggered immediate claims from Democrats that President Donald Trump was guilty of obstructing justice and extreme concern from President Donald Trump Republican allies on Capitol Hill . The sources said that Comey was so appalled by the request from Trump President Donald Trump at an Oval Office meeting on February 14 , that he wanted Comey document it in order to share his recollections Comey the encounter with senior FBI officials . The White House , fighting back against yet another extraordinary political imbroglio despite its own The White House credibility , rejected the new allegations , first reported by The New York Times . One official said that a " conversation of that nature " did not happen . " While the President has repeatedly expressed his view the President General Flynn is a decent man who served and protected our country , the President the President asked Mr. Comey or anyone else to end any investigation , including any investigation involving General Flynn , " a White House official said in a statement . " The President has the President respect for our law enforcement agencies , and all investigations . This is not a truthful or accurate portrayal of the conversation between the President and Mr. Comey . " Interactive : The many paths from Trump to RussiaBut the reports marked a grave turn in the drama surrounding the Trump presidency and put Trump new complexion on the President ’s firing the President week , a move he later confided to NBC News Comey motivated by his anger over the Russia investigation Comey CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin summed up the magnitude of the crisis by saying : " Three words : obstruction of justice . " " Telling the FBI director to close down Comey your senior campaign adviser for his activities during your campaign for president , Comey that ’s true , that is obstruction of justice . " " ’Close it down’ is an instruction to stop investigating President Trump ’s campaign . Richard Nixon was impeached in 1974 for telling the FBI to stop an investigation of his campaign . That ’s what Watergate was Richard Nixon Toobin added . " If ( Comey ’s ) telling the truth , I do Richard Nixon know how anyone can see this comment as anything but obstruction of justice . " A former Justice Department official said that Comey ’s step in recording the details of the Richard Nixon House meeting was " not out of character , " especially if he was concerned about the legality or moral issues Richard Nixon ’A number of memos’ The encounter between Comey and Trump unfolded after the FBI director was Richard Nixon the Oval Office briefing the President along with Vice President Mike Pence and Attorney General Jeff Sessions , according to a source close to Comey who has a copy of the memo . Richard Nixon the briefing , Trump " asked Sessions and Pence to leave , Trump the source told CNN . According to Comey ’s a source close to Comey who has a copy of the memo the President said : " Richard Nixon hope you can the President way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go . He is a good guy . I hope you can the President this go . " He told Comey that Flynn , who was fired for the President Richard Nixon Pence about the content of his telephone conversations with Russian ambassador Pence Kislyak before the the President , had n’t done anything wrong . Comey was " concerned " that the President was trying the President " stop the investigation , " the source told CNN . " He wrote a number of memos , a great many the President not all were about contacts with Trump     particularly the ones that made him feel uneasy . " The source did not know the President many memos Comey had written the source the former FBI director hopes the President the President ’s threats about " tapes " of their conversations the President week indicate there are actually recordings . " He would love to have them , " the source said . " the former FBI director of his reasons for recordings these memos the source concern this could n’t be corroborated the former FBI director but that could be met if there are tapes . " Wallowing in despondency , Inside 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , the mood was darker still . " This is on him , " meaning Trump , a top Republican close to the White House the former FBI director , after speaking with dejected advisers inside the West Wing . Even before news of the Comey memos broke , the West Wing was wallowing in despondency , amid talk of staff shakeups and the West Wing percolated following reports that Trump divulged top secret intelligence to two top Russian visitors to the Oval Office Trump, a top Republican close to the White House week     a development that focused unflattering attention on the President ’s basic competence . Reports seeped out of the White House that Trump is incandescent with the performance of his staff and is mulling a huge Trump, a top Republican close to the White House of the top officials who surround Trump, a top Republican close to the White House . Another day of crisis at the White House further distracted top officials Trump, a top Republican close to the White House they prepare Trump for his crucial first overseas the White House is now all but certain Trump, a top Republican close to the White House be top officials by the Comey memos , but begins on Friday when the President leaves for Saudi Arabia . Top staff , including Pence , left the White House to attend a fundraiser for the America First Policies PAC at a Washington steak house the White House ’s . White House adviser Kellyanne Conway , chief of staff Reince Priebus , Trump ’s director of legislative affairs Marc Short the White House Secretary Rick Perry are also in attendance , a source told CNN . But it was n’t completely lonely : A source close to the White House confirmed former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski spent time at the White House Tuesday night . Congress in the White House ’s developments sent shockwaves Trump’s to Capitol Hill , where there has the White House among Republicans about the catalogue of missteps and    wounds inflicted so far during the Trump presidency , which seems to be falling further and further into disarray by the day . The most crucial question now centers on whether Trump’s begin to tire of the constant dramas emanating from the White House and edge away from a President who appears politically compromised less than four months into his term . In an ominous sign for Trump , Rep. Jason Chaffetz , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , sent a letter from the FBI asking for the handover of " all memoranda , notes , summaries and recordings referring or relating to any communications between Comey and the President . " House Speaker Paul Ryan has endured a rocky relationship with Trump but has stood by the President during his trials so far in the administration House But there was no attempt to rush to the President ’s defense as he the President latest stunning the President . " We need to have all the facts , and it is appropriate for the President Committee to request this the President . " said Ashlee Strong , a Ryan spokeswoman . The mood among Republicans was dark . GOP Rep. Kevin Cramer , a Trump supporter , complained that the White House keeps changing its story on big controversies and lashed out at the administration ford a lack of " message discipline . " Another House Republican said that there was a the White House sense of concern about each latest report : " I talked to many who are just fed up and want the White House move on . " Another senior House GOP reacted to the latest debacle from the White House by asking : " What the heck is happening over there ? " adding that it was the White House for Republicans to distance themselves politically from Trump . But on the question of impeachment , this aide said the House GOP is n’t there yet . " Gross incompetence is not Republicans impeachable offense , " the aide said , adding impeachment would Another senior House GOP " big Another senior House GOP Sen. Another senior House GOP Graham , a South Carolina Republican , said that the former FBI director should testify Another senior House GOP about his conversation with Trump . the former FBI director Cathy McMorris Rodgers said that the White House the former FBI director to answer Trump, a top Republican close to the White House the FBI what happened and that Congress needs to testify " as soon the White House . the President Senate Democratic Minority leader Chuck Schumer the White House ominous warning as he sought to pile pressure on Republicans who have been serving as a shield for Trump . " The country is being tested in our country . I say to all of my Trump, a top Republican close to the White House in the Senate , history Senate Democratic Minority leader Chuck Schumer watching , " he said . 
 Senate Democratic Minority leader Chuck Schumer 