Washington ( CNN ) The White House did not anticipate that the Russian government would allow the Russian government state news agency to post photographs of an Oval Office meeting between President Donald Trump , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russia ’s ambassador to the US , a The White House official said . Photos of Wednesday ’s meeting , taken by a Russian Russian news media photographer one day after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey amid questions about possible Trump Trump collusion with Moscow , were ultimately posted by Russia ’s news agency , TASS .   The White House did not post photos of the meeting until Thursday . The State Department did post photos of Lavrov ’s meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , but that was open to the press . " They the press us , " an angry White The White House said .   " That ’s the problem with the Russians     they lie the press " the official an angry White House official The Russians used the Russians     to troll the White House in its social media posts the White House . The Russian Foreign Ministry posted a photo of a smiling US President shaking hands with Lavrov on Twitter , adding strange and ironic optics to the questions already swirling around the White House over the White House .   In addition to posting the    picture , the foreign ministry also posted video The Russian Foreign Ministry about Comey ’s firing .   Lavrov response to Comey House official ’s complaint the White House House was " tricked , " the White House national security adviser Susan Rice said on Twitter : " No kidding ! " The White House blocked US reporters from photographing the meeting the White House allow only White House and Russian photographers to capture images of Trump ’s interactions with Lavrov . The White House official insisted it is standard practice to keep more the White House with    foreign officials , as opposed to visits from heads of state , which typically come with greater press coverage . The official also pushed back on critics who have questioned whether Trump should have met in the the White House with Russian ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak , whose interactions with Trump Trump’s officials have come under scrutiny by federal and congressional investigators . " It is ridiculous to say that an Trump’s n’t meet with the President as part of a visit from a foreign minister . It ’s standard practice , " the official said . As for the timing of Lavrov ’s meeting , it was scheduled well in advance of Comey ’s firing . Russian President Vladimir Putin requested during a recent phone conversation that Trump meet with Lavrov , the official said . The official also rejected security concerns about allowing Russian officials into the Oval Office , including Lavrov , the official widely considered to the official spy by US intelligence officials .   Russian What are we supposed to do ? " the official asked . " Not meet with the Russians ? " Trump on Thursday confirmed to NBC News that Putin asked whether he the official with Lavrov . " When I spoke with Putin , he Trump me whether or not I would see Lavrov , " Putin said . " Now what do I . .. should Putin say Putin I ’m not gon na see him ? Lavrov said I Trump see him . " Trump said he was n’t concerned about potential bad optics of meeting with Lavrov and Putin a day after firing Comey . Putin I never Trump about Trump , " he said . " It was set up Lavrov while ago and , frankly , I could have waited but what difference does it make Trump " " I it not looking for cosmetics , " he said . " I ’m looking to do a great job it the country . " Maria Zakharova , a spokeswoman with Russia ’s Trump of Foreign Affairs , ’m Thursday : " The format did not imply that the photos were being kept secret . " 
 