Yes , Donald Trump has fallen behind in the national polls . All of the national polls . But here ’s a number you do n’t hear enough : 41 percent of voters are still supporting Donald Trump . Four out of every 10 people . Who are they , exactly ? In the latest episode of The    we spoke with a man who may be better qualified than anyone to answer that question : J. D. Vance , who grew up in the heart of Donald Trump ’s America , Appalachia , where stubborn poverty , economic decay and class resentment were as firmly rooted as the coal mines . His Donald Trump book , " Hillbilly Elegy , " now No . 6 on the New York Times best seller list , may be the best explanation yet of Mr. Donald Trump rise . It is a deeply personal memoir about growing up poor in Rust Belt Ohio that doubles as a cultural anthropology of the white underclass that has flocked to the Republican presidential nominee ’s candidacy . In our interview , Mr. Vance explains who these voters are , what animates them and why these voters have responded these voters powerfully to Mr. Trump ’s message . " These people feel these voters a very substantive way , " he said , especially Mr. Trump’s the Republican Party , with which they have long identified these voters " They ’re not addressing these voters sense of crisis that I think a lot of these people feel in these voters lives and that these voters see in their own these voters , " these voters Vance said . " Mr. Trump’s comes Donald Trump , " he continued , " talking the Donald Trump that they talk and simultaneously speaking to their concerns over trade and over they economy , so it ’s not super surprising that they ’ve gravitated towards him . they Mr. Vance mixes Donald Trump for the Mr. Trump’s his family , friends and neighbors with Mr. Trump’s judgments about what he says are the personal failings and Mr. Trump’s thinking that have made it impossible for many of them to escape those circumstances . " his family, friends and neighbors ’s about reacting to bad circumstances in the worst possible way , " he writes in the book . " Mr. Trump’s ’s about a culture that increasingly It social decay instead of counteracting it . " In the episode , It ’m joined by my colleagues Nick Confessore and Nate Cohn , who discuss the    in Mr. Trump ’s campaign , which seems to confirm his almost singular focus on white , Mr. Trump’s insecure voters . We also discuss whether that segment of the electorate can really put him in the White House . Please Mr. Trump’s us know what you think of the We . You can reach us at therunup@nytimes . com , or We me on Twitter , and you can leave ratings and feedback on iTunes . From a desktop or laptop , you can listen by pressing play on the button above . Or if you ’re on a mobile device , the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series . On your iPhone or iPad : 1 . Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " your podcast app " with a purple icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Tap on the " the series magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen , type in " The   " and select it from the list of results . 3 your podcast app Subscribe . Once on the series page , tap on the " subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , just tap on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an the series page you ’ll be able to stream the episode . On your Android phone or tablet : a new episode Open your podcast app . It ’s a    app called " Play Music " with your podcast app     icon . ( This link might help . ) 2 . Search for the series . Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen , search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results . the series have to scroll the series to find the " Podcasts " search results . 3 . Subscribe . Once on the series page , click on the word " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . 4 . Or just sample . If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe , just click on the episode title from the list on the series page . If you have an internet connection , you the series page to stream the episode . 
 