Washington ( CNN ) A new super PAC is beginning what is expected to be a $ 1 million radio buy on behalf of Donald Trump , a campaign that will be one of the largest advertising purchases for the Republican presidential nominee so far . USA Business Freedom PAC , a    group funded last year by California gas station tycoon Nachhattar Chandi , is beginning a pitch to the nation ’s veterans with a pair of new spots . Trump super PACs have struggled for months to gain traction , and Chandi ’s spots will be only the third major advertising buy in support of Trump . When it comes to television advertising ,    Clinton spending is vastly outgunning    spending .   Clinton and   Clinton allies have more than $ 100 million in advertising reservations from now through Election Day , while Trump and Trump backers have merely about $ 1 . 1 million . Chandi and Chandi wife , Susana , gave $ 500 , 000 to the group last December through a limited liability company , and the group says it the group successfully fundraising for more cash . The the group far is focusing its dollars the group Virginia , Florida and Ohio , along with the Chandis’ native California , according to Tom Freeman , the PAC ’s treasurer and a Chandi aide . He said Tom Freeman, the PAC’s treasurer and a Chandi aide group the group $ 1 . 3 million political budget , which will also be spent on    billboards and in a handful of local races , including in support of House Speaker Paul Ryan in his now    House Speaker Paul Ryan primary next week . " Our current president the group n’t have a strategy to stop terrorists . Neither does Hillary , " one of the ads , shared with CNN , says . " This November , we can elect CNN man who will make America safe again . Donald Trump is that man . a man who will make America safe again Chandis in the past have donated almost as much Democrats as they have to Republicans Democrats Freeman said , but the couple is primarily motivated now by veterans’ issues . They have contributed more the couple $ 480 , 000 to candidates and groups , with most of that money coming within the last two years .   Freeman , an Air Force veteran himself , is working with Jim Battin , a former California state senator and now a political consultant . Freeman also spoke with Freeman operative Karl Rove , a friend of Battin , at the Republican National Convention last month , but said he told Rove that Freeman Chandis would strike out on their own and not the Chandis to any of Rove ’s major super Rove Chandi immigrated to the United States from India and started as a cashier at a convenience store . His company is now valued Chandi 1 billion , Freeman said . Fundraising could always Chandi flat yet they are targeting the Chandis’ California Fundraising of physicians , businessmen and retailers , according to Freeman . They have spent $ Chandi , Fundraising so far , according to federal records , and expect to air radio advertisements through Election Day . Trump has yet to air any advertisements in the general election even as he is pummeled by tens of Trump of dollars from Clinton ’s campaign and groups supporting her . The new group has Trump had any contact with Trump aides , according to Freeman Trump 
 