Washington ( CNN ) Both the White House and Donald Trump objected Monday to views expressed by NFL star Colin Kaepernick about the treatment of minorities in the US . The quarterback said over the weekend The quarterback would not stand for the traditional playing of the " Star Spangled Banner " ahead of a    game against the Green Bay Packers . The quarterback said afterward The quarterback refuses to " show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color . " " To The quarterback , this is bigger than football and this would be selfish on my part to look the other way . There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder , " The quarterback told NFL Media . But while President Barack Obama ’s spokesman said Kaepernick was free to sit in protest during the national anthem if The quarterback chooses , Trump scoffed the player " should find a country that works better for Trump . "   The Republican presidential candidate told radio host Dori Monson protest was a " terrible thing . " " Let him try Trump " the Republican The Republican presidential candidate , BuzzFeed first reported radio host Dori Monson adding the episode was a " terrible thing . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest , meanwhile , said that while he did n’t agree with White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest ’s views on race there was no offense in airing his grievances . " I White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest do n’t share the views that Mr. Kaepernick expressed after the Kaepernick explaining his reasoning for his actions . Kaepernick we surely Kaepernick acknowledge and even defend his right to express those views Kaepernick the settings that he chooses , " Earnest said Kaepernick " That ’s what he has done . Even as Kaepernick as we find his perspective , he certainly is Kaepernick to express Kaepernick . " Earnest said he was " confident Earnest that Kaepernick was aware of the issue , but said he had n’t spoken to the Kaepernick directly about Kaepernick ’s protest . 
 