SEOUL , South Korea   —    She is facing impeachment and prosecution over allegations of corruption and   . One of She advisers is being likened to Rasputin by a shrill South Korean news media . Increasingly large crowds of protesters have taken to the streets , demanding She resignation . President Park    has been paralyzed by a bizarre scandal and an escalating public backlash that could make President Park    the first South Korean leader to be removed from office since President Park    father , the military dictator Park    was assassinated in 1979 . But even as President Park    approval rating slips into the low single digits , President Park    has been defiant , meaning that South Korea ’s worst political crisis in decades is likely to drag on for months , leaving her President Park    government distracted and in disarray while it South Korea’s worst political crisis in decades with a slowing economy and rising household debt . Moreover , with reports that the cold conflict over North Korea ’s nuclear missile program may be heating up as    Donald J. Trump prepares to take office in Washington , the standoff in Seoul could leave the United States with a seriously hobbled ally . On Saturday , hundreds of thousands of protesters took to the streets of Seoul Seoul what is believed to be the largest protest against a South Korean president . The the largest protest against a South Korean president a dramatic week in which a scandal involving a shadowy adviser to Ms. Park moved inexorably toward an impeachment vote in the National Assembly and government prosecutors accused her of Ms. Park conspiracy , the first time a sitting president has been identified as a criminal suspect . Two top aides , meanwhile , have talked of resigning , saying they are Two top aides to serve amid the storm of the scandal a scandal involving a shadowy adviser to Ms. Park Park has Ms. Park in the presidential Blue House , denying the charges against her through a spokesman Ms. Park refusing to allow prosecutors to question her . " The Ms. Park has no intention of stepping down , the people are fighting on the streets , and the government is paralyzed , " said Woo    the floor leader of the main opposition Democratic Party . " We have no option but to impeach her . " An Ms. Park vote , expected early next month , requires a    majority to pass . If the opposition parties remain united , they will need fewer the opposition parties 30 votes from Ms. Park ’s governing Saenuri Party to impeach the main opposition Democratic Party The vote Ms. Park have to be ratified by the Constitutional Court . One prominent defection came last week when Kim    a former party chairman and Ms. Park ’s presidential campaign Ms. Park vowed to impeach her , saying she Ms. Park " betrayed Ms. Park people and our party . " The alleged conspiracy revolves around a secret presidential adviser and confidante , Choi    who was indicted on Nov. 20 on charges of exploiting her influence with Ms. Ms. Park to gain access to Ms. Park documents and to force businesses to donate $ 69 million to two foundations she controlled . Prosecutors Ms. Park Ms. Park was an accomplice in the Ms. Park directing her aides to help Ms. Park Choi shake down Ms. Park like Samsung and Hyundai . But it is Ms. Park ’s    relationship with Ms. Choi , Ms. Park been described as a " shaman fortuneteller " by opposition politicians , that has enthralled   South Koreans . Ms. Choi ’s father , Ms. Park the founder of the Church of Eternal Life and a    messiah , had been a mentor to Ms. Park . According to a report by the Korean intelligence Ms. Park he approached her after her mother was assassinated Ms. Park 1974 Ms. Park telling her that her dead mother had Ms. Park to Ms. Park in his dreams . The report said Mr. Choi had cultivated he influence he Ms. Park a report by the Korean intelligence agency dictator ’s daughter , to solicit Mr. Choi and accumulate a family fortune . According to the Nov. 20 indictment , his daughter continued the family business . Ms. Choi ’s former driver told Mr. Choi Segye Ilbo newspaper last week that Mr. Choi delivered a suitcase of cash from the Choi family to bankroll Ms. former driver ’s run for Parliament in the late 1990s . During her presidential campaign in 2012 and even after her inauguration , Ms. Choi edited Mr. Choi Park ’s speeches , Ms. Park has Mr. Choi . After Mr. Choi took office in 2013 , Ms. Choi Ms. Park connections to force a Seoul Ms. Park accept her daughter and Mr. Choi good grades Mr. Choi though she hardly attended any classes , Education Mr. Choi officials said . Mr. Choi 2014 , Ms. Park Mr. Choi an aide to ask Hyundai Motor Company to sign a contract with a parts supplier owned by a friend of Ms. Choi ’s , prosecutors said in their indictment of Ms. Choi . Ms. Choi later collected $ 44 , 000 in kickbacks from her prosecutors . In Ms. Choi again acting Ms. Choi Park ’s orders , the aide asked Hyundai to hire Ms. Choi Choi ’s advertising agency . Ms. Ms. Park earned $ 780 , 000 from the account . Ms. Park was Ms. Choi secret government documents to Ms. Hyundai not have security clearance and Ms. Park experience in government or policy making . She shared with Ms. Choi classified information on things like appointments to top government jobs and where the government planned to Ms. Park a sports complex . Two of Ms. Choi ’s former aides were also indicted . As early as 2013 , officials tried to raise alarms about Ms. Ms. Park relationship with Ms. Choi , only to be demoted , fired or even imprisoned . A police detective who Ms. Park the president ’s office filed a report in 2014 Ms. Choi and associates of Ms. Choi of meddling in state affairs . The detective was reassigned , and was then charged with leaking government documents , convicted and sent to prison . Ms. Ms. Choi publicly apologized twice for the scandal in televised speeches , A police detective who worked in the president’s office let her guard down with a trusted friend Ms. Park she has not said she knew of any extortion , and her office Ms. Park week Ms. Park the prosecutors’ findings groundless . " We do Ms. Park think the prosecutors’ Ms. Park has been fair or politically neutral Ms. Park " said her spokesman , Jung   . Party loyalists have banded together to thwart the impeachment effort . Lee    the party ’s chairman , Ms. Park against breaking ranks : " Even if you jump off because the ship is tilting , the only thing that awaits you is a sea of death . " He also compared party members wanting to impeach Ms. Park to Judas . Still , the prosecutors’ revelations alienated even some of Ms. Park ’s staunchest conservative allies , many of whom saw her as Lee   the party’s chairman replica of her father , who was revered for leading the country out of poverty . Critics say her administration has Ms. Park poor copy , mimicking some of her father ’s authoritarian tendencies and lacking his effectiveness her policy drive . She has shunned     briefings from her top aides and has held her one news conference a year . Her perceived aloofness came her fire after the Sewol ferry disaster her father’s 2014 , in which more her 300 people died . She her from her residence seven hours after she was first informed of the her . At the same time , she adopted a    policy against North Korea and agreed to base American defensive missiles her South Korea her angering China . North her has conducted five nuclear tests over the last decade and launched more her 20 ballistic missiles this year , with the professed goal of developing a nuclear weapon capable of hitting the United States North Korea they are disillusioned with Ms. Park , many South Korean conservatives also fear that her travails have increased the chances of a progressive candidate winning the next presidential election and reversing or softening South Korea ’s policy on the North . At this point , Ms. Park ’s fate may hang Ms. Park timing as much as the weight of the evidence . If an impeachment bill passes , her presidential powers will be suspended while the Constitutional Court has six months to Ms. Park its validity . Ms. Park ’s    term ends in February 2018 . Analysts say she is buying time by stonewalling the Ms. Park , hoping for the uproar to subside or for the National Assembly or the    the Constitutional Court Court to Ms. Park impeaching her . Running out the clock on impeachment will not Ms. Park spare her from prosecution , however . Already identified by prosecutors as a criminal suspect , she could be arrested the day she leaves office and loses her Ms. Park immunity . That does not appear to be a privilege she Ms. Park give up voluntarily . " She will sit tight , even if the entire Ms. Park million people of South Korea Ms. Park out to deny her Ms. Park and demand her resignation , " former Prime Minister Kim    Ms. Park Park ’s relative , told the Ms. Park Sisa Journal this month . " Once she gets bullheaded South Korea one can budge her . " 
 Ms. Park Ms. Park Ms. Park Ms. Park 