Washington ( CNN ) Hoping to    the debate on climate change , a group of    Republicans that includes three former Cabinet secretaries is calling for a substantial new carbon tax , and then to offset the pain higher prices cause the middle class by returning all money raised to American taxpayers . The plan , set to be released in Washington , includes a direct challenge to Republican politicians who have denied or played down the idea that human behavior is a significant factor in climate change .   President Donald Trump , of course , is on that list .   The vast majority of the scientific community agrees that humans are warming the planet , primarily by burning fossil fuels . A draft of the new group ’s mission statement , obtained by CNN , says in part : " Now that the Republican Party controls the White House , both chambers of Congress and a majority of state legislatures , the Republican Party has the opportunity and responsibility to promote a climate plan that showcases the full power of enduring conservative convictions " the new group’s is meeting Wednesday morning at the the White House Gary Cohn , the former Wall Street executive who is Trump ’s top economic adviser . Among the key White House advisers the White House to join or at least drop by that meeting are Ivanka Trump , her husband , Jared Kushner , and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus .   Additional meetings with Trump Cabinet members and key congressional players also are scheduled beginning Wednesday . They also hope to Additional meetings with Trump Cabinet members and key congressional players with Vice President Mike Pence . The group , which is releasing its plan under the Vice President Mike Pence of the Climate Leadership Council , includes James Baker , the only person to have served as White House chief of staff , treasury secretary and secretary of state . " We have a Republican administration now     a Republican administration that could show leadership on this issue and present to the blue collar workers who were so important to Trump ’s victory     something that does not increase , build government , that is conservative , that is free market     let the market determine     free market     is some support out there for that now and from some quarters that normally did n’t support this kind of thing , " Baker told CNN . Baker believes returning the carbon Baker proceeds in checks to families would have appeal with Trump ’s blue collar Trump’s The logic behind a carbon tax is that it makes polluting the atmosphere     a carbon tax as by burning coal , oil and natural gas     more expensive . And it creates an incentive for companies a carbon tax people to move toward cleaner , renewable sources of energy .   The idea of a major carbon tax     the group suggests an initial rate of $ 40 a ton and then escalation from there     is at first glance a    in a Washington now run by a GOP president skeptical that climate change is real and a Republican Congress looking to cut taxes . But Baker and others in the group believe they can at least change the Baker and others in the group by adding new ideas and new pressure for Republicans to use their power to act . Other Republicans of the new group include : George the group has led the Labor , Treasury and State departments as well as serving as director of the Office of Management and Budget , Hank Paulson , who was Treasury secretary in the George W. Bush administrationMartin Feldstein , a conservative economist who led President Ronald Reagan ’s Council of Economic advisersGreg Mankiw , the CEA chief for George W. BushRob Walton , former Walmart chairman of the board of directorsCalifornia venture capitalist Thomas StephensonTed Halstead , founder of the New America Foundation . For most of the group , including Baker and Schultz , it is a first foray into the climate debate , but they are hopeful other Republicans will join the the group, including Baker and Schultz and they are in conversations with several other leading the group, including Baker and Schultz about either joining the push directly or offering words of support . Republicans have backed carbon tax proposals in the past , but not in recent years . This new group ’s members are well aware of the tough political climate at the White House and on Capitol Hill , but say their proposal is crafted to deal with many This new group’s members the objections raised when a carbon tax has been floated before . Some of the specifics : * An Escalating Carbon Tax : Starting the tax at $ 40 a ton , a carbon tax understanding it would eventually have to be raised to $ 50 or more to have the desired impact on consumption and emissions . At $ 40 a ton , the group estimates its carbon tax would raise $ Some of the specifics: *An Escalating Carbon Tax: Starting the tax at $40 a ton, with an understanding it would eventually have to be raised to $50 or more to have the desired impact on consumption and emissions annually . Some of the specifics: *An Escalating Carbon Tax: Starting the tax at $40 a ton, with an understanding it would eventually have to be raised to $50 or more to have the desired impact on consumption and emissions $ 40 , the tax would add an estimated 36 cents per gallon its carbon tax prices . * Carbon Dividends : All revenue from the new tax would be rebated back to American taxpayers . its carbon tax for the Social Security Administration to administer the plan and estimates the typical family of four would receive $ 2 The plan a year . Conservative critics of the carbon tax , including the Koch brothers organizations , have criticized carbon tax proposals as unfair to working families . The dividend idea in the new plan is designed to address that and to keep the proposal neutral The plan revenue perspective . * Border Adjustment Fee : High carbon The plan be subject to a tariff adjustment similar to the proposal House Republicans are considering as part of their broader tax reform proposal . * Regulatory Rollout : The plan calls for the repeal of Republicans Obama administration ’s Clean Power Plan and a host The plan Environmental Protection Agency regulations aimed at reducing carbon emissions . To make this politically palatable , the authors call for an initial carbon tax rate high enough to guarantee emissions reductions that exceed those forced by current regulations . " Such a plan could strengthen our economy , benefit    Americans , reduce regulations , protect our natural heritage and consolidate a new era of Republican leadership , " the group argues in its mission statement . " These benefits accrue regardless of one ’s views on climate science . " the group at times has dismissed the severity of the issue and even called climate change a " hoax " generated by China . But at other times , including in an interview with The New York Times not long after winning the election , he said he has an open mind and acknowledged " some connectivity " between warming temperatures and human behavior . he There is some , something , " he told The Times . " It depends on how much . It also depends on how much he ’s The New York Times cost our companies . You have to understand , It companies are noncompetitive right now It " One interesting wrinkle in the new group ’s pitch : Republicans our companies trying to shake the party ’s current leadership to move on an issue they cast as critical to the GOP ’s future . " Increasingly , climate change is becoming a defining issue Republicans this next generation of Americans , which the GOP ignores at its own peril , " the new proposal says . " Meanwhile Asians and Hispanics     the GOP’s growing demographic groups the GOP’s are also deeply concerned about climate change . A carbon dividends plan offers an opportunity to appeal to all three key demographics , while illustrating for them the superiority of    based solutions . " 
 A carbon dividends plan 