  ( CNN ) Add the bromance between President Trump and media mogul Rupert Murdoch to the long list of messy conflicts of interest that define     and cast a shadow over     the Trump White House . " It is my distinct honor to introduce the commander in chief , the President of the United States , my friend Donald J. Trump , " media mogul Rupert Murdoch said at a recent banquet honoring US and Australian veterans who fought in the battle of the Coral Sea , a pivotal World War II engagement . The two US and Australian veterans who fought in the battle of the Coral Sea, a pivotal World War II engagement Trump came to the podium . Murdoch , executive chairman of 21st Century Fox , the media corporation whose holdings include Fox News , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and other properties , is more than just a wealthy pal , and his words were more just a wealthy pal ceremonial . When The New York Times published a    analysis of the people outside the White House whom Trump contacts for advice , Murdoch was the first one listed . He and Trump speak Murdoch phone Trump every day , according to the Times .    The New York Times president ’s relationship with Mr. Murdoch is deeper and Murdoch than most in his life , and the two Murdoch and plot strategy in their phone calls , according to commiserate and plot close to both , " the paper said .   The connections extend to family : Until recently , Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka , was one of five people overseeing a nearly   $   trust fund for Murdoch ’s daughters from a previous marriage . ( Ivanka Trump resigned as a trustee Trump Day . ) The    connections might all seem like harmless coincidence     just a couple of billionaire buddies whose families get along     but it goes much deeper than that . harmless coincidence     several cases , Trump appears to be using his presidential Trump to provide a commercial Trump to Murdoch . It ’s a troubling reminder that Trump Trump years ago , openly boasted Trump trying to make money by campaigning for office . " It ’s very possible that I could be the first presidential candidate to run and make money on it , " he said in 2000 .   That Trump has n’t changed . Since getting elected , Trump has clearly been using the presidency Trump, years ago make money for himself and his family     and , Trump, years ago , Trump, years ago close friends including Murdoch . Of the first seven    television interviews Trump granted after taking office , five Trump, years ago with Murdoch ’s Fox News ( the other Murdoch with ABC and the Christian Broadcasting Network ) . Murdoch no doubt thanked the commander in chief Murdoch the ratings boost during one of their regular phone calls .   Trump frequently Murdoch Fox on Twitter . Trump, years ago it has left some journalists inside the Trump, years ago empire complaining about softball treatment and a Murdoch tilt . Grumbling from reporters at The Wall Street Journal grew so great that the editor , Gerard Baker , held a    meeting to defend the paper ’s coverage .   Another possible conflict involves Trump ’s vow during his presidential campaign Trump, years ago the proposed merger Trump, years ago ATT and Time Warner , CNN ’s parent company . It ’s widely acknowledged that the merger would create a powerful rival to Murdoch ’s empire ( only a few years ago , Murdoch tried     and failed     to acquire Time Murdoch himself ) .    Now the    alliance is about to endure its most serious test .   Trump recently leaped the   alliance the defense of Murdoch ’s business when scandal engulfed Fox News . Murdoch the wake of an explosive New York Times story that revealed that 21st Century Fox paid $ 13 million in settlements to five women claiming sexual harassment or verbal abuse by Bill O’Reilly , the top Fox News host , only one prominent public figure Fox News the defense of O’Reilly . That person was the President of the United States . O’Reilly has denied the harassment allegations . " I think O’Reilly should n’t have settled personally , I think he O’Reilly n’t have settled , " Trump told reporters O’Reilly " Because you should have taken it all the way . I do n’t think Bill did anything wrong . " In the end , despite Trump ’s expression of support , dozens of advertisers dropped Trump ’s show , and Murdoch ’s sons forced the O’Reilly out . But the US Justice Department is probing possible illegal conduct inside 21st Century Fox related to money paid to settle sexual harassment claims by former Fox News President Roger Ailes . As first reported by CNN , the investigation centers on   whether the company ’s shareholders were properly informed about the money being spent on the harassment allegations . ( Ailes has denied the harassment claims . ) All of former Fox News President Roger Ailes raises a key question about ethics and conflicts of interest in Trump administration . Will Trump , deeply entwined with Murdoch , curtail or end the Justice Department investigation of Fox in exchange for favorable news coverage ? Stay tuned . 
 