’   ’ ’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer passed along an answer    from President Donald Trump on Friday about whether White House press secretary Sean Spicer still    believed jobs reports were " phony " or " totally fiction . " ’ ’    President Donald Trump was greeted with a jobs report Friday   —    the first full    report released under President Donald Trump tenure   —    that showed the US economy    gained 235 , 000 jobs for the month of February , . Unemployment dipped    from 4 . 8 % to 4 . 7 % and the    participation rate ticked    up to 63 % . ’ "    Spicer was asked specifically about Trump ’s feelings on the stats    during the Friday press briefing by a reporter who was curious    about whether Trump’s was still of the mindset that such reports    were not to be trusted . " ’    " Does the president believe that this jobs report was accurate ? "    the president asked . ’ ’    " I talked to the president about this , " Spicer responded ,    smiling . " And he    to quote him    clearly : ’’ They may have       phony in the past , but it’ ’s very real now . ’’ " ’ ’       Friday , Trump had retweeted a tweet from the Drudge    Report that read : " GREAT AGAIN : + 235 , 000 . " ’ ’    Trump , during the campaign and in its the campaign , slammed the    monthly numbers put out by the Bureau of Labor Statistics ,    particularly the unemployment rate . During an Iowa rally in early    December , he    the calculation is " totally fiction . " ’ ’    " If you look for a job for six months and then you give up , they you look for a job for six months and then you give up    you give up , " he    . " You just give up . You go home .       say , ’’ Darling , I can’’t get a job . ’’ They you look for a job for six months and then you give up you       employed . It’ ’s not the way . But don’’t worry about       don’’t it’ It’ going to take care of itself It’ quickly . " ’ ’    Trump , at one point , went as far as saying the real unemployment    rate was in the area of 42 % . ’ ’ one of his    first , Spicer did not want to settle on what the unemployment    rate was , saying there are " several versions " put out by the    Bureau of Labor Statistics . ’ ’    The press secretary later said then that Trump " sees people    that are hurting , " and that " it’ ’s not just a number " to him it’ He it’ said the it’ " not focused on statistics , " but " if people    are doing better off . " ’ ’    " I think that’ ’s where his head it’ at , " he said it’ adding that    previously " it’ ’s been about what number we’’re looking at instead    of what face we’’re looking at . " ’ ’    The BLS classifies people as unemployed if they do people have a    job , are available to work , and have sought jobs within the past    month . It does not count retirees , students , caretakers , and    people who are not seeking work as part of the labor force , from    which the unemployment rate is calculated . ’ ’ ’ ’President Trump on the job report , per Sean Spicer : " They may ’ ’ ’ ’President Trump on the job report, per Sean Spicer been phony in the past , but it ’s very real now . " ’ ’White House press secretary Sean Spicer Sean Spicer .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 