Irbil , Iraq ( CNN ) A coalition airstrike on an ISIS truck laden with explosives led to the deaths of dozens of civilians in Mosul , a senior Iraqi military officer said Sunday . The    coalition has acknowledged hitting an    vehicle in a March 17 strike The   coalition said separately that a review of its The   coalition indicated one strike occurred that day in the area where the casualties were reported .   US officials have not confirmed a senior Iraqi military officer account . The US military is investigating , it said .   Confusion The US military surrounded events during airstrikes on the city between March 17 and 23 after allegations emerged that as many as 200 civilians had been killed there .   Bashar al Kiki , chairman of the Nineveh Provincial Council and the source of the death toll , backed off the figure Sunday , saying that 200 was the death toll from multiple locations , citing his sources . He did Bashar al Kiki, chairman of the Nineveh Provincial Council and the source of the death toll provide further Bashar al Kiki, chairman of the Nineveh Provincial Council and the source of the death toll .   The    coalition confirmed Saturday that it had carried out an The   coalition on March 17 " at the location corresponding to allegations of civilian casualties . " Col . Muntathar    the head of the Iraqi Counterterrorism Unit in Mosul , said that , prior to the airstrike , Iraqi counterterrorism an airstrike asked the    coalition to engage The   coalition that had been loaded with explosives . " When the ( vehicle ) was struck , it an ISIS vehicle that had been loaded with explosives or two of the houses next an ISIS vehicle that had been loaded with explosives where families were hiding , " he said .      characterized the report of Col. Muntathar   the head of the Iraqi Counterterrorism Unit in Mosul dead as an exaggeration .   Around 130 people were hiding in one of the homes , Iraqi Joint Military Command spokesman Brigadier General Yahya Iraqi said . 82nd Airborne troops deploying , Earlier Sunday , the Iraqi military said 61 bodies had been pulled from the rubble at the site , adding that there was no sign the homes had been directly hit from the air . Of the homes bodies recovered so far , it is unclear how many 61 bodies might be ISIS fighters . Abdullah Amr said he lives three or four houses down from the site of the explosion , which he said Abdullah Amr in the early morning hours . One large dwelling housed 17 people from six Abdullah Amr families , including the family of the homeowner who took them all in , he said .   Chaos erupted after the strike , he said , and as he and Abdullah Amr family could hear people screaming , " I am Abdullah Amr ! Save me ! Abdullah Amr US Abdullah Amr Iraqi forces have been making an    push to retake Mosul from ISIS since October . Iraq ’s    city has been under the terrorist group ’s control since 2014 . The city is ISIS’ last major stronghold in the country . Soldiers with the 82nd Airborne Division city to help Iraqi forces recapture Mosul Iraq troops are " deploying to Iraq on a    temporary mission to provide ’advise and assist’ support to our Iraq partners , " Iraq Operation Inherent Resolve spokesperson said .   A US defense official said the Iraq will number in the " low hundreds " and are likely to operate out of east Mosul The troops West Air Base , according to the official .   Investigations launched , The defense departments from both Iraq and the United States launched investigations Saturday A US defense official between March 17 and 23 and the civilian Iraq . A coalition review of airstrikes during that period found only one that corresponded to reports of civilian casualties in Mosul . That was the one on March 17 .   The Iraqi military said in a statement Sunday that the home it examined had been reduced to rubble , but there was no sign of it being hit from the air . The Iraqi military team found a vehicle bomb and detonator in the debris . Those findings The Iraqi military along with witness accounts , led The Iraqi military to believe that ISIS fighters had blown up the home .    women and children were rescued from the location The Iraqi military the military said .   ’Body parts sticking out of the rubble’ In several parts of western Mosul , civilians say they are being caught up in coalition airstrikes , as well as crossfire between the Iraqi forces and ISIS fighters , Reuters reports civilians Los Angeles Times reporter Molly    who visited the area in question with a civil defense group Friday , told CNN that she saw at least 50 dead bodies , as well as body parts , sticking out of the rubble .   " Hands Los Angeles Times reporter Molly   who visited the area in question with a civil defense group Friday feet     there were some remains that were wrapped in blankets . Most of them that they had retrieved they put in body bags . And ( the civil defense group ) unzipped some of those because some remains that were wrapped in blankets wanted some remains that were wrapped in blankets show us some remains that were wrapped in blankets some of the victims were women , a civil defense group woman and children . Some babies as well , some of those she said .   The area was crowded as , according to the Iraqis there , ISIS militants had forced them into the area ,    said . Residents she spoke to said ISIS had brought a truck with explosives to the area days before the strike ISIS militants that The area were shooting at aircraft above she when an " explosion ISIS , " she said . " Some people I talked to said the building started the strike down on them . Some saw its fighters truck that was parked on the she explode . It was n’t clear why that was     if it was triggered by the its fighters or not     a truck Trump welcomes Iraqi PM to White House , The US Central Command said Saturday that it has opened a probe " to the strike facts surrounding this strike and the validity of the allegation of civilian casualties . " " Our goal has always been for zero civilian casualties , " The US Central Command statement said , " but the coalition will not abandon our commitment to our Iraqi partners because of ISIS’ inhuman tactics terrorizing civilians , using human shields , and fighting from protected sites such as schools , hospitals , religious sites and civilian neighborhoods . " Our US military Our also investigating allegations of civilian casualties during two recent airstrikes in Syria . New tactics in western Mosul , Iraqi security forces said Saturday that new tactics would be needed in the battle to recapture western Mosul from ISIS in order to keep civilians out of harm ’s way . Many of the roads in Mosul ’s old city are narrow , making targeted airstrikes challenging .   " We have reached the old city . It ’s more complicated warfare , " according to Lt . Col . Abdul Amir Muhammadawi , spokesman for the rapid response teams . " The old city has old buildings and Mosul’s old city and to protect the civilians , we need new tactics . " Local and UN officials have said hundreds of thousands of civilians are trapped in areas under Mosul’s old city western Mosul . The United Nations also said it is " profoundly concerned " over reports " of a high number of civilian casualties " in the city ’s al Jadidah area .   There are about 600 , 000 civilians feared trapped in western Mosul , according The United Nations the International Organization of Migration . Iraqi forces have regained control of the city ’s east .   This month , Iraqi forces seized Mosul ’s main government building and central bank from ISIS militants western Mosul now closing in on the historic Al Nuri mosque where ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi the city his envisioned Islamic caliphate . 
 ISIS ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi 