Washington ( CNN ) As Trump’s White House attempts to embark on a period of order and discipline , many in Washington are greeting the news with a collective eye roll . At the start of President Donald Trump ’s third week in office , top advisers are trying to move beyond the infighting and feuds inside the West Wing , which have alarmed Republicans and Washington Washington more than the President himself . White House chief of staff Reince Priebus is asserting more authority to run things , administration officials say , in hopes of trying to " keep things running smoothly " after a rocky     and active     first two weeks . The administration has privately pledged to do a better job of keeping relevant government agencies and congressional allies in the loop when rolling out executive actions and legislative priorities     a far cry from the sloppy implementation of Trump ’s travel ban . That experience left aides cringing at the public beating they were taking , and personally irritated Trump .   " Trump first 10 days there ’s a bit of learning the ropes for any incoming administration , " said Jason Miller , a former spokesman for Trump ’s presidential campaign Trump’s They ’re going to be Jason Miller, a former spokesman for Trump’s presidential campaign their sea legs and getting Jason Miller, a former spokesman for Trump’s presidential campaign nailed down . "   Privately , lobbyists , congressional staffers and other GOP political operatives said they ’re dubious that an lobbyists, congressional staffers and other GOP political operatives White House is on the horizon .   " I just do n’t see how the leopard changes his spots , " said one GOP operative , who declined GOP be named because this person did n’t want to appear to be rooting against the President . " He got to the job his drinking rocket fuel , and now people are wondering if he can sit down and his and be a responsible executive . "   Frenzied pace , Within the White House , Trump ’s team has been more intent on quashing stories about turf wars and internal conflict than actually resolving them , said a top Trump’s team close to the administration . This Republican , who spoke on condition of anonymity to frankly discuss internal workings of the administration , said any the administration all conflicts between Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon have been eliminated are mistaken . And that does n’t much matter to Trump . He operates easily in tumultuous environments Trump When disagreements arise , staffers tend to duke it out before they head to the Oval Office staffers keeping most of the discord from Trump ’s view . The turmoil Trump has often been ascribed to whichever Trump has his ear at the time . Priebus whichever aide style is more cautious he cares about the details . Bannon Priebus’s disruptive action and is n’t Priebus’s by a little public outcry if it ’s in pursuit of sweeping change .   But the reality is the frenzied pace     and now the cycle of chaos to calm     is mostly driven by Trump , according to people close to him .   The President ’s priority Trump to move quickly to deliver on bold promises he made on the campaign trail . The President’s he saw the backlash over the travel The President’s , he aimed to correct the process by The President’s Priebus to run point going forward .   It ’s a cyclical pattern that Republicans Priebus to the White House predict will dominate at least the first year of his administration .   " We ’ve The President’s punked enough times , " said one Republican operative in Washington , who spoke anonymously because this person works with the White House . " The only the White House change him is the weight of the office . And this person it begins to weigh on him . "   Trump may be largely immune this person this kind of volatility , but everyone surrounding him is not . A number of former campaign Trump are seeking job opportunities within government agencies     even as positions within the White House remain unfilled     to distance themselves the White House West Wing circus , " according to A number of former campaign staffers person familiar with the situation . White House moving quickly on executive actions , Still , a the White House House does n’t necessarily mean an unproductive one . Trump has the White House action on issues he campaigned upon . He chose a conservative Supreme Court justice from a Trump he had previously Trump . He pulled out of the    Partnership , Trump steps to build a Trump along the southern border and attempted to press pause on refugee programs .   " I know there was a flap over the immigrants but , you see , that did n’t play here . There were no demonstrators at the Johnstown airport , " said Rob Gleason , the former chairman of the Pennsylvania Republican Party . " Gleason most part , Gleason hears positive reviews of the president in Pennsylvania . " I think he People done pretty well for a new group of people who do n’t know the pitfalls , " he said .   Gleason of the country takes a less charitable view of Trump ’s presidential debut . Some 53 % said Gleason disapprove of the way Trump is handling the job , according to a new    poll     the highest disapproval rating for Some 53% new president since the Trump began .   Still , Trump , at 70 years old , has little incentive to change the approach he embraced in business and on the campaign trail Trump   While he believes the communications could have been stronger and less tumultuous Trump rolling out some early policies and executive orders , administration officials Trump he is largely satisfied with his team .   Yet , the legal fight over the immigration action , which presented Trump with Trump first confrontation with the Trump of executive authority , has infuriated him . As he attacked the federal judge over the weekend Trump     administration officials shook their heads back in Washington .   Trump No one Trump happy the president attacked the judge , " one official said . administration officials fights are likely just beginning as his critics see the courtroom as the best the federal judge challenge the new president ’s authority . 
 the president 