’   ’ ’    Donald Trump on Wednesday used the movie " Frozen " to defend a    controversial weekend tweet . ’ ’    In an attempt to push back   which many    viewed as    the presumptive Republican presidential    nominee posted a tweet of a book about the Disney film " Frozen "    that contained a    star . ’ ’    " Where is the outrage for a book about the Disney film "Frozen"   that contained a   star Disney " . " Is this the ’’ Star of David ’’ also ? Dishonest media !    # Frozen " ’ ’    The image used in a tweet of a book about the Disney film "Frozen"   that contained a   star was   to a    message board on Reddit under the    thread " Disney is   Disney " ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tWhere is the outrage for the outrage for this Disney book of David’ also ? Dishonest media !    " "    Aware of the ongoing firestorm , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign was    quick to fire back a response from the presumptive Democratic    nominee ’s Twitter account . " ’    " Do you want to build a strawman ? "   a reference to a   from the movie . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump , his campaign , and fellow surrogates have kept controversy    over his Saturday tweet alive in the news by continuing to his . ’ ’ an image of a      star    similar to the symbol most commonly known as    the Jewish Star of David , over a pile of money . The star was    inscribed with the words " most the Jewish Star of David ever " and    appeared next to an image of Clinton . ’ "    Trump told an Ohio audience on Wednesday that he regretted his    campaign ’s decision to scrub the image Trump his Trump . " ’    " ’’ an image of Clinton have taken Trump down , ’’ " he said , as if he were his   campaign’s decision to scrub the image from his account speaking to Dan Scavino Trump the senior aide who Trump the tweet .    " You know they took the star down . I said    ’’ Too bad , you    should’’ve left it up . I would’’ve rather defended it . Just leave    the star up and say no that’ ’s the star a Star of    the star —    it’ ’s just a star . ’’ " ’ 
 