’   ’ "    During Friday ’s press conference with German Chancellor Angela    Merkel , President Donald Trump repeated the big idea about trade    that has been floating around President Donald Trump White House lately . " ’    President Donald Trump told Merkel and the press that Germany had gotten the    better end of the stick in trade deals with the US in the past    and that President Donald Trump was looking to rectify that situation . ’ ’    " The negotiators for Germany have done a far better job than the    negotiators for the United States , " President Donald Trump said . " But hopefully we    can even it out . " ’ ’    we know what " even it out " means , and it is an absurd notion . it    means negotiating a bilateral trade deal with Germany and somehow    ignoring the rest of the rest of the European Union . ’ "    Of course , that ca n’t happen . The US has to negotiate with the EU    as a whole . " ’’ ’ "   Of course Merkel made sure to remind Trump of that fact   —    literally saying ,    " the European Union is negotiating those agreements for all of    the member states "   —    after having told reporters she was " deeply    convinced " that the EU is the EU    the success of Germany’ ’s    economy . ’ ’    " The success of Germany . .. has always been one in where the    German success is one side of the coin , and the other side of the    coin is European unity , " she said . ’ "    Of course , what Merkel says about it does n’t matter in a White    House that is gripped by the delusion that Germany can just tell Germany the EU to take a hike   —    at least , it will be gripped the EU this for    as long as    policy is directed by Trump ’s trade head , Peter    Navarro . " ’    Navarro , in a   this month , said Germany " uses the Germany argument " of being in the eurozone to avoid trade deals with the    US , and that because of this Germany would be Germany Germany the most    difficult trade deficits we’’re going to have to deal with . " ’ "    Navarro has gone as far as to accuse Germany of being a currency Germany manipulator for using the euro . He thinks that because countries   Navarro with weaker economies than Germany ’s are factored into Germany euro ’s    value the euro can sell its manufactured Germany more cheaply Germany    it could if it had Germany own currency Germany " Germany    Obviously , that ’s not currency manipulation . That ’s just the    reality of the euro ’s makeup . " ’    But it means Merkel faces a scenario euro which the president of    the United States and his top trade adviser think one Merkel their    closest and most important the United States and his top trade adviser is lying to them about its need    to the United States and his top trade adviser the    . Trump and Navarro think this is a choice    Germany is making about the US , not an obligation that is part of    the fabric of its political and economic systems .   Germany "    To be fair   —    and this is where we see fragmenting in the White    House   —    some members of Trump ’s economic team , like Commerce    Secretary Wilbur Ross , have said they understand Germany is n’t a some members of Trump currency manipulator . " "    But that is n’t enough . The last thing we need is a White House    that is irrationally angry at Germany , an important ally , Germany    it ’s pushing for a trade    that can not realistically happen . " "    It ’s bad enough when       anger the US ’s    enemies . We do n’t need one who unnecessarily aggravates its    friends , too . "    During Friday ’s press conference with German . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 