  ( CNN ) Ahmed Mohammed Ali has been working to bring Ahmed Mohammed Ali daughter Eman to the United States since she his    daughter Eman a toddler . She his    daughter Eman got her his    daughter Eman last month and the two of them were waiting for the flight that would bring them them Djibouti to the the United States Saturday , when they found out them President Donald Trump ’s temporary ban on immigrants from seven countries . " We were in them with the luggage and they told us them his    daughter Eman them get on the plane because she his    daughter Eman a Yemeni passport , " Ali said . " She his    daughter Eman a     girl . How is she his    daughter Eman terrorist ? " Ali and his Ali are Ali one of the families whose lives have been disrupted by the immigration ban since it was enacted the immigration ban 27 . Here are four of their stories . the families whose lives have been disrupted by the immigration ban since it was enacted January 27 Ali , 12 , Yemen , Eman Ali was born in Yemen in 2005 Yemen when her pregnant mother Eman Ali, 12, Yemen, Eman Ali there to help with a family emergency . Eman is the only member of her family who Eman not an American citizen . When they were ready to return home to California in 2007 , they could n’t they of Eman ’s immigration Eman The family found out her family n’t a Eman because her mother had her pregnant mother in a citizen United States for five years before she was born . The paperwork a citizen Eman ’s visa took years Eman her mother and sister stayed with her a citizen Yemen while her father worked a citizen a shopping center a citizen support them . In 2013 they made an her mother and sister choice . " her mother and sister ( had ) to let my wife and oldest daughter ( come ) to ( the ) US and leave my little one with my dad and mom . I had no choice , " Ali said . " I could n’t leave my whole family in Yemen . " They thought Eman would Yemen them soon her mother and sister but it was almost her mother and sister years before Ali Eman to make the trip to Ali to finalize her visa at the US Embassy there Eman The United States does not have an embassy in Yemen because of the civil war that Yemen devastated the country . " We thought that Yemen , it ’s The United States end . The family will it together . Eman was really happy after all those years , " Ali said . " And then they come Ali a new law . " The family ’s too dangerous to send Eman back to Yemen , so they are Eman in a Yemen hotel . The family ’s expensive , and he ca n’t Eman .   The Alis Eman joined a class action lawsuit against the immigration policy and have gotten support from US Rep. Jim Costa of California . Maryam Hani , 6 , Iraq , Maryam Hani was diagnosed with leukemia in October by doctors in an Egyptian refugee camp . Her family fled Iraq ’s Anbar province in Maryam Hani 2014 to Iraq ISIS . " After ISIS came to Anbar , they attacked the ISIS and arrested people and Her family people , " Maryam ’s mother , Lequaa Jasim , told CNN through a translator . " We decided to find a safe place for Her family family . " Maryam ’s father sold his carpentry business and Maryam for pay for Maryam dangerous journey to Egypt . Since they are refugees the money they have to pay for Maryam the money treatment out of the money own pockets .   Maryam’s are n’t allowed to the money , so they are getting by with help from Maryam ’s grandparents , Refugees are permanent US residents and Maryam Maryam’s Boise , Idaho , since 2014 . Holda Sadeq , Maryam ’s grandmother , says she would like to go Maryam Egypt Maryam’s file Maryam a medical visa that would let Maryam come to the United States . However , she has an Iraqi Maryam’s , so she fears she Maryam not be able to return to Maryam country Maryam   " Holda is just learning English . She ’s Egypt if she gets on a plane Maryam gets detained somewhere , Maryam is she going to communicate , " said Drew Lobner , Maryam social worker who ’s been working with the family since they came to America . For now , they ’re waiting and continuing with the family ’s medical the United States . " She ’s the family and is still in the hospital and Maryam had chemotherapy last week , and today they will Maryam her some vitamins , " Sadeq told CNN on Friday Maryam the family has another big chemotherapy treatment coming up and doctors say they will do Maryam they can to make sure she ’s well enough to doctors if she gets doctors Maryam leave , the family said . Maryam Muhsin , 2 , Iraq , Severe burns disfigured little Dilbireen Muhsin ’s face .   The toddler ’s family was forced to flee their home to escape the bloodshed brought on the family when they attacked their village the family 2014 . They ’re Yazidis , part of a small the family living the family Mount Sinjar in Iraq the family Dilbireen ’s family found shelter among other displaced Yazidis in a refugee camp , where Dilbireen was born on January 4 , 2015 . A year later , around Dilbireen Dilbireen first birthday , a fire sparked by a malfunctioning gas heater set his Dilbireen . His mother was baking bread outside when her baby ’s crib went Dilbireen in flames , Dilbireen people nearby rushed to his aid His mother burned on his face and feet , but a blanket Dilbireen the rest Dilbireen his body from harm Dilbireen Dilbireen arrived in the United States last year to receive medical Dilbireen for his severe burns Dilbireen   While he now lives with a family in Lansing , Michigan Dilbireen his parents and baby brother Dilbireen in their native country , Iraq . They ’re making Dilbireen to be by Dilbireen ’s side in the United his parents and baby brother , but their travel visas his parents and baby brother revoked in early Dilbireen .   President Donald Trump ’s travel ban now has them his parents and baby brother that they wo n’t be able to get back to Dilbireen and that he might return to his parents and baby brother without additional his parents and baby brother to improve the function of Dilbireen face . Fatemeh Reshad , President Donald Trump months , Iran Iraq The travel ban has delayed an Iranian family President Donald Trump plan to bring their daughter to the United States for travel ban .     Fatemeh Reshad was diagnosed in January with structural abnormalities an Iranian family’s two holes in her heart . Doctors in Tehran told her parents that they did not have the resources to treat the little girl Fatemeh Reshad Fatemeh and her family received an Fatemeh Reshad to enter her parents US for critical surgery , N. Y.   Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced Friday Fatemeh   The family was going to fly to Portland , Oregon , where they have relatives , so Fatemeh could get the her family needs . They flew to Dubai , but when they arrived her family they were rerouted Fatemeh to Iran and told Fatemeh reapply for a her family visa in 90 days . Many her family and federal her family have intervened on behalf of the family , a Washington , D. C.   immigration attorney working on the case , Amber Murray told CNN .   her family with the case worked with State Department officials to help the family obtain an emergency waiver to navigate around the ban .   Mushkaad Abdi , 4 , Somalia , Samira Dahir had her family her     daughter , Mushkaad , since she was a few months old . Dahir had just gotten a visa for herself and her Samira Dahir daughers when Mushkaad was born . Samira Dahir would have had to start the Samira Dahir process over if she remained in Samira Dahir , Samira Dahir she decided instead to leave Mushkaad with a Samira Dahir friend and bring her two other daughters to the United Samira Dahir . Somalia had just gotten Samira Dahir visa and was scheduled Mushkaad fly to Minnesota on Tuesday , Samira Dahir she was n’t allowed on the flight because Mushkaad the travel ban Samira Dahir US Senators Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota , and new Mushkaad Security Secretary John Kelly , made direct pleas to have Mushkaad resettled as a refugee . She was reunited with Minnesota mother and two older sisters Thursday . " It ’s been    for Samira Mushkaad her two older daughters , Mushkaad have waited to Mushkaad reunited with Mushkaad since she was an infant , " Franken said in Samira Dahir statement Samira Dahir " I ’m very pleased that after far too long of Mushkaad separation Mushkaad Minnesota family is now together Al Franken " At a news conference Friday in Minneapolis , Dahir thanked everyone who helped her reunite with her daughter Minnesota his daughter ’m very happy today that my daughter Mushkaad is his daughter a tearful Dahir Samira Dahir . " A lot Samira Dahir people had Samira Dahir work to get my ’m . " Earlier this his daughter Dahir told CNN affiliate WCCO that Samira Dahir older Samira Dahir , ages his daughter and his daughter , had decorated a room for their sister and had presents waiting for her CNN Samira Dahir Mushkaad will be able his daughter enjoy it . 
 Mushkaad Mushkaad she and her older daughters, ages 7 and 8 