’   ’ "    Top lawmakers from both major U. S. political parties said on    Sunday Top lawmakers from both major U. S. political parties trusted the Justice Department to appropriately    handle the Justice Department probe of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s    private email server , after a heavily criticized meeting between presidential candidate Hillary Clinton presidential candidate Hillary Clinton the U. S. attorney general . " ’    Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain said on CBS    show " Face the Nation " that they would respect ’   Republican Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain General    Loretta Lynch’ ’s decision on whether to prosecute Clinton , the    likely Democratic presidential nominee . ’ "    Congressman Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House    Intelligence Committee , also said he respected the Loretta Lynch’ ,    though he acknowledged Lynch    private meeting last week at an    airport with    President Bill Clinton was unfortunate . " ’    " I think both of them wish their airplanes had both of them come    anywhere near    other , " Schiff said on " Face the Nation , "    adding that    still had Schiff in the DOJ and the Federal    Bureau of Investigation to do a thorough investigation of    Clinton’ ’s email use . ’ ’    " If they say they are going they conduct this investigation by a thorough investigation of   Clinton’’s email use book , I believe that’ ’s what’ ’s going to happen , " said Schiff , who    supports Clinton for the party’ ’s nomination . ’ ’    Lynch said on Friday that she would accept whatever Lynch recommendations the career prosecutors working on the case made    about whether to prosecute Clinton . ’ " Clinton The lawmakers’ endorsement for the process follows Clinton ’s    meeting Clinton with investigators at the FBI ’s Washington    headquarters , where she answered questions for three and a half    hours as part of the probe into use of her private email server she " ’   ’ "    The FBI is investigating the FBI email use and whether laws    were broken as a result of a personal email server kept in her    Chappaqua , New Clinton , home while she was secretary of state Clinton    2009 to 2013 . " "    Lawmakers and political strategists speculated on Sunday that the    FBI ’s interview of Clinton signaled its investigation could be    the   FBI its end . But the the   FBI offered no information the   FBI    status of the probe or who its targets may be . Clinton the   FBI long    insisted she Clinton not a    . Clinton ’    Clinton herself said in comments to Clinton Clinton Saturday that she    " was pleased to Clinton the opportunity to assist the department in    bringing its review to a conclusion .    ’ ’    Her rival , presumptive Republican nominee Clinton Trump , said it    was " impossible " for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges    against her . The two have already    an acrimonious battle    ahead of the presidential election on Nov. 8 . ’ ’   ’ "    Democrats are hoping the issue will be resolved before their      convention in Philadelphia that Democrats 25 , which is    expected to culminate with Clinton ’s nomination for the    presidential race . " ’    It is unclear what Democrats would do if Clinton were to be    indicted and Clinton any contingency plan exists . ’ ’    Not all lawmakers said they were confident the Justice Department    all lawmakers maintain impartiality . Tom Cotton , a Republican senator ,    said on NBC’ ’s " Meet the Press " on Sunday he thought Lynch’ ’s    meeting with Tom Cotton, a Republican senator,    Clinton " raises questions about political    interference in this investigation . " ’ 
 