  ( CNN ) Republicans are focused on trying to come together after a major setback last week to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act     and Republicans are n’t entirely ready to move on . Emerging from Republicans first conference meeting since the setback , Republican members said the message from Republican members leadership was direct : the message from their leadership ’s time to unify . " I think it was the longest prayer we ’ve ever had , " New York Republican Rep. Chris Collins said , referring to the opening prayer that is part of every conference . Many members emerging from the Tuesday morning meeting said the GOP was n’t yet ready to abandon health care despite the fact that President Donald Trump made it clear last week it was time to get on to tax reform . RELATED    Maine Gov. Paul LePage : Letting Obamacare fail is as sensible as jumping off a bridge , To that point , the White House has quietly    on health care in recent days , despite the very public proclamation last week , according to two people familiar with the process .   The efforts , while unclear how effective or deep they The efforts be , have been driven by chief strategist Steve Bannon and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , who believe there is a way to bridge the gap that helped collapse the effort , the sources said .   The paralyzing issues for the conference remain unchanged , however . Significant shifts toward the conservative House Freedom Caucus would only serve to drive even more moderate members away from the bill . Move the the bill toward the center and the Freedom Caucus will buck the the effort a bloc . The bigger issue may be the President himself , who made clear his patience had run out on the issue and The bigger issue at the bit to move onto tax reform . North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson said if Republicans could find the votes , the House could again bring up last week ’s bill as early as this week , noting last week House Freedom Caucus was " probably feeling a lot of heat . " Asked about the White House posture , the House reporters , North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson I think if we called the President today and the House Freedom Caucus , ’We’ve got the votes,’ I think he ’d be back on board ’We’ve " During their leadership news conference Tuesday morning , Republican Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana said that Democrats’ celebration Friday had been " premature . " " To my Democrat colleagues who were celebrating Friday ’s action , I think their celebration is premature because I my Democrat colleagues who were celebrating Friday’s action ’re closer today to repealing Obamacare than we ’ve ever been before , and we surely even closer than we were Friday , " Scalise said we   Friday Speaker Paul Ryan also said Republicans would continue to push for repeal and replace . " I wo n’t tell you the timeline because we want to get it right , Republicans Ryan said , the timeline that members had House Speaker Paul Ryan " very constructive meeting " where some who had pledged to defeat the bill last week appeared open to working with the rest of the conference to find a solution . Ryan specifically advocated that the health care House Speaker Paul Ryan was still the the bill Planned Parenthood , a key conservative agenda item . The Wisconsin Republican said the health care bill was a better option for defunding the bill the provision in the upcoming    spending bill . " We think reconciliation is the tool because that gets it in law , " Ryan said . " Reconciliation is the way the tool go . " Rep. Mo Brooks , a Republican from Alabama and a member of the House Freedom Caucus , said the message from Ryan was " this issue is not going away . " Iowa Rep Ryan King told reporters that the discussion at Tuesday morning ’s meeting reminded him of an impasse that House Republicans faced in 2014 on a border Iowa Rep Steve King bill .   " we circled back together and we resolved the issue .   I think that mood exists today . we   this issue , " the minds that have been in the starkest disagreement are Iowa Rep Steve King going to put their heads together . " Members of the    wing of the conference seemed committed to not move on from health care . House Freedom Caucus Chairman Rep. Mark Meadows told reporters that he and others still wanted to get to " yes . " Meadows told House Freedom Caucus Chairman Rep. Mark Meadows after the extended closed door meeting , " everybody wants to House Freedom Caucus Chairman Rep. Mark Meadows a way to get this passed and we ’re going to work real hard to do that . "   " everybody ’re going to get a yes . We ’re going get to yes everybody It will be a better bill . everybody I think everyone is going to be very happy in the end , " said Virginia Rep. David Brat , a member of the Freedom Caucus . Meadows told reporters after the extended closed door meeting " everybody wants to find House Freedom Caucus Chairman Rep. Mark Meadows way to get the extended closed door meeting going to work real hard to do that . "   Rep. Barry Loudermilk , a Republican from Georgia , said every House Republican who went to open mic during the GOP conference meeting pushed to get health care done . " It ’s halftime , " he said . " The game is n’t over and it ’s not starting over again . We every House Republican who went to open mic during the GOP conference meeting just coming back out after halftime and we still The game the ball and we ’re going on the field . " 
 We We 