WASHINGTON   —    The Justice Department ’s inspector general said Thursday that The Justice Department’s inspector general would open a broad investigation into how the F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , handled the case over Hillary Clinton ’s emails , including The Justice Department’s inspector general decision to discuss it at a news conference and to disclose 11 days before the election that The Justice Department’s inspector general had new information that could lead The Justice Department’s inspector general to reopen it . The inspector general , Michael E. Horowitz , will not look into the decision not to prosecute Mrs. Clinton or Clinton aides . But The Justice Department’s inspector general will review actions The Justice Department’s inspector general took that Mrs. Clinton and many of her Clinton believe cost her Clinton election . They Mrs. Clinton and many of her supporters believe cost her the election : the news conference in July at which he The Justice Department’s inspector general he The Justice Department’s inspector general not indicting Mrs. Clinton but described her Mrs. Clinton as " extremely careless " the letter to Congress in late October in which he The Justice Department’s inspector general that newly discovered emails could potentially change the outcome of the F. B. I. ’s investigation and the letter three days before the election in which he The Justice Department’s inspector general that he The Justice Department’s inspector general closing it again . The inspector general ’s office said that it The inspector general’s office initiating the investigation in response to complaints from members of Congress and the public about actions by the F. B. I. and the Justice Department during the campaign that could be seen as politically motivated . For Mr. Comey and the agency he The inspector general , the the investigation politically fraught from the moment the F. B. the F. B. I. in July 2015 to determine whether Mrs. Clinton and her aides had mishandled classified information Clinton Senior F. B. I. officials believed there was never going to be a good outcome , since it put them in the middle of a Senior F. B. I. officials partisan issue . Whatever the decision on whether to charge Mrs. Clinton with a crime , Mr. Comey , a Republican former Justice Department official appointed by President Obama , was going to get hammered . And he was . Republicans , who Mr. Comey her use of a private email server a centerpiece of their campaign against Mrs. Clinton , Republicans, who made her use of a private email server a centerpiece of their campaign against Mrs. Clinton Mr. Comey Mrs. Clinton decided there was not sufficient evidence Mr. Comey had mishandled classified information to prosecute her . The Clinton campaign believed the her B. their campaign against Mrs. Clinton overblown and seriously damaged her chances to win the White House her resented Mr. Comey ’s comments about Mrs. Clinton at his news conference . Mrs. Clinton campaign was Mrs. Clinton upset about Mr. Comey ’s two their campaign against Mrs. Clinton which created a wave of Mr. Comey’s at the end of the campaign , when Mrs. Clinton and her supporters thought they their campaign against Mrs. Clinton the email issue behind them . In the Clinton , the Mrs. Clinton and her supporters that the F. B. I. reviewed Mrs. Clinton and her supporters —    which came up during an unrelated inquiry into Anthony D. Weiner , the estranged husband of a top Clinton aide , Huma Abedin   —    proved irrelevant to the investigation ’s outcome . The Clinton campaign said Mr. Comey ’s actions quite likely caused a significant number of Clinton voters to cast ballots for    Donald J. Trump . F. B. I. officials said Thursday that they welcomed the scrutiny . In a statement , Mr. Comey described Mr. Horowitz F. B. I. officials " professional and independent " and promised to Mr. Comey’s his investigation . " I hope very much he is able to share his conclusions Mr. Comey’s observations with the public because everyone will Mr. Comey’s from thoughtful evaluation and Mr. Comey’s , " Mr. Comey said . Brian Fallon , the former press secretary for the Clinton campaign Mr. Comey’s former top spokesman for the Justice Department , said the inspector general ’s investigation was long overdue . " This is highly encouraging and to his investigation Comey ’s drastic deviation from Justice Department protocol , " he said . " A Mr. Comey’s this sort , however long it takes to conduct the Justice Department utterly necessary in order to take the first step to restore the F. B. I. ’s reputation as a nonpartisan institution . " Mr. Horowitz has the authority to recommend a criminal investigation if he finds evidence of illegality , but there has been no suggestion that Mr. Comey ’s actions were unlawful . Rather , Mr. Horowitz question has been whether he acted inappropriately , showed bad judgment or violated Justice Department guidelines . It is not clear what the consequences would be Mr. Horowitz Mr. Comey if he was found to have done any of those things . The Justice Department and the F. B. I. Mr. Comey’s longstanding policy Mr. Comey’s discussing criminal investigations . Another Justice Department policy declares that Justice Department no role in investigative decisions . Both Democratic and Republican administrations have interpreted that policy broadly to Justice Department any steps that might even hint at an impression of partisanship . Inspectors general have investigated F. B. I. directors before , but rarely . The most    example was the investigation of William S. Sessions , who was fired by President Bill Clinton after an internal inquiry cited him for financial misconduct . In recent years , the inspector general has investigated accusations of wrongdoing by the F. B. I. involving some of its President Bill Clinton sensitive operations , including a number of surveillance President Bill Clinton . As part of the review , the inspector general will examine other issues related the F. B. I. the email investigation that Republicans have raised . They include whether the deputy director of the F. B. I. President Bill Clinton , should have recused himself from any involvement in it . In 2015 , Mr. McCabe Republicans wife ran for a State Senate seat in Virginia as a Democrat and accepted nearly $ 500 the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe 000 in political contributions from Gov. Terry McAuliffe , the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe of the Clintons . Though Mr. McCabe did not assume his post until February 2016 , months after his wife was defeated , critics both within the agency and outside of it felt that he should have the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe . The F. B. the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe has said Mr. McCabe played no role Mr. McCabe’s wife wife ’s campaign . He also told his superiors she was running the agency sought the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe advice from F. the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe I. officials . Mr. Horowitz said he the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe investigate whether the Justice Department the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe Mr. McCabe’s wife , the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe Kadzik , the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe improperly provided information to the Clinton campaign . A hacked email posted by WikiLeaks the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe Mr. Kadzik the F. B. I. Andrew G. McCabe the campaign about a coming congressional hearing that was likely to raise questions about Mrs. Clinton . Investigators will be helped in gathering his wife’s campaign law that Congress passed just last month , which ensures that inspectors general across the government will have access to all relevant agency records in their reviews . Clinton grew out of skirmishes between the F. B. I. and the Justice Department inspector general over attempts by the F. B. I. to keep grand jury material and other records off limits . The new law Investigators Mr. Horowitz a law that Congress passed just last month, which ensures that inspectors general across the government will have access to all relevant agency records in their reviews should have access to any records deemed relevant . Mr. Trump has not indicated whether he intends to keep the F. B. I. job . When he cleared Mrs. Clinton of criminal wrongdoing during a law that Congress passed just last month, which ensures that inspectors general across the government will have access to all relevant agency records in their reviews Mr. Trump accused him of being part of a rigged system . Although the president does not need cause to fire the F. B. I. Mr. Trump , a critical inspector general report Mr. Comey provide justification to Mr. Trump so if Mr. Trump is looking for some . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 