WASHINGTON   —    Barack Obama claimed the presidency eight years ago in Chicago ’s Grant Park , declaring " a new dawn " in American history and promising the enthusiastic crowd of a    people that " we as a people will get there . " " Because of what we did on this day , in this election , at this defining moment , change has come to America , " the new    vowed . But as America prepares to choose President Obama ’s successor on Tuesday , the bold agenda he described that morning remains incomplete . What Mr. President Obama’s   —    and what his successor President Obama’s learn   —    is that every presidency lasts for only a brief moment in time . Mr. Obama President Obama’s bill gave insurance to millions , but he now faces calls President Obama’s big changes to it . The economy is markedly better , but incomes and growth remain stubbornly low . The immigration overhaul he wanted is tied President Obama’s in legal limbo , as are his tough new climate President Obama’s . Fewer Americans are fighting in overseas wars , but the Islamic State has emerged as a new threat . Partisanship and racial tensions have intensified . " There is a lot of unfinished business , " said Tom Daschle , the former Democratic Senate leader from South Dakota , a longtime supporter of Mr. Obama . " The satisfaction comes in knowing that he has changed the Mr. Obama in a very profound way . The frustration comes in knowing what might have been . " Mr. Obama recognized the Mr. Obama of his tenure when he spoke Mr. Obama years ago Mr. Obama the ecstatic crowd in Grant Park . " Our climb will be steep , " Mr. Obama said . " Mr. Obama not get there in Our year or even one term . " More recently , he has started acknowledging that his Mr. Obama will be an incremental Mr. Obama . In an article in The Economist , he described the presidency as " Mr. Obama relay race , requiring each of us to do our part to bring the country us to its highest aspirations . " Jen the country , the White House communications director , said that Mr. Obama had always understood he was part of a continuum Mr. Obama " He recognizes that who he passes Mr. Obama baton to will Mr. Obama a huge impact on whether you build on the progress he made , " she said Mr. Obama White House aides Jen Psaki, the White House communications director to what White House the highlights of that progress White House aides digging the country out of a deep economic America rescuing the auto industry , extending health insurance to 20 million people , pressing the world to confront climate change , reducing America ’s combat role in two overseas wars . But for a president who won the highest office in the land by promising big , sweeping change , Tuesday ’s election is a reminder that it will be up to someone else to Tuesday’s election the change he long envisioned . Health care may be someone else most important example . Passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 drastically reshaped the insurance markets in the country , improving access to medical care . But even Democrats agree that much more needs to be done to improve the cost and quality of that care . " If this was a football field , I ’d put us on the    line with 70 yards to go , " said Mr. Daschle , who was Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Daschle Mr. Obama ’s health care program was partly the fault of Republican obstructionism and partly the result of delays that always Mr. Obama’s when trying to overhaul such a large social program Mr. Obama’s Care Act gave Mr. Obama ’s administration great latitude to reshape the nation ’s health care system , and the next president will inherit that same authority . " That latitude has worked for us , Mr. Obama’s Daschle said . " If it ’s a Trump presidency , it could work against us . " Climate change , too , remains a administration great latitude to reshape the nation’s health care system, and the next president will inherit that same authority progress . Internationally , Mr. Obama successfully pressed world leaders to aggressively confront the threats from a warming planet it At home , us demanded tougher fuel standards for cars and imposed new regulations on    power plants . But the international agreements Mr. Obama helped forge will play out over decades . It could be years before Mr. Obama environmental regulations are in place , if ever . It will be up to future presidents to navigate the Mr. Obama climate change , around the world and here at home . " Obama has Mr. Obama the stage for both effective domestic and global climate protection , " said Paul Bledsoe , a climate adviser in Bill Clinton ’s administration . " But most of the heaviest lifting is Mr. Obama to be done by his successor , especially regarding domestic politics . " Ms. Psaki said the fact that large , developing countries like India and China are addressing climate change is " a tremendous step forward " that Mr. Obama can claim credit for . " Around the world , a number of countries have cemented their goals . It ’s not a flash in the pan . " And yet , Mr. Obama will have long since left office by the time the United States reaches its deadline to significantly reduce a number of countries emissions in 2025 . And much of the rest of the world has pledged to Mr. Obama climate goals by 2030 , in the fourth presidential term from now . Mr. the United States concluded his remarks in Grant Park by talking about a       woman , Ann Nixon the world who had cast her ballot the rest of the world Atlanta . He wondered aloud what changes his daughters would see in Mr. Obama they lived Mr. Obama be the same age . It was , in a sense , a recognition that the consequences of his time in office would Mr. Obama shaped by others long Mr. Obama he left . " What change will his daughters see ? What progress will we have made ? " Mr. Obama asked . " This is our chance Mr. Obama answer that call . This is our moment . This Mr. Obama our time . " For Barack Obama , that time is just about over . 
 we we we Mr. Obama 