  Park City , Utah   ( CNN ) Former Vice President Joe Biden is encouraging onetime rival Mitt Romney to return to public life and run for Senate . Former Vice President Joe Biden spoke at onetime rival Mitt Romney ideas summit , an annual gathering of donors and business leaders in Utah .    During a private event Friday night in Park City , Former Vice President Joe Biden called Romney onetime rival Mitt Romney man of integrity and said Former Vice President Joe Biden should mount a challenge next year , according to two people in the room .   " By the way , you should run for Senate , " one attendee quoted Former Vice President Joe Biden as saying . The comment was quick and       the crowd of Romney onetime rival Mitt Romney appreciated it The comment applauded . The the crowd of Romney loyalists on opposite sides of the 2012 election     Former Vice President Joe Biden as the running mate of President Barack Obama and Romney onetime rival Mitt Romney the Republican presidential nominee .   Romney onetime rival Mitt Romney Biden both considered running for president last year , but both deferred to Romney and Biden both they saw as Romney and Biden both an overwhelming financial advantage ( Jeb Bush on the Republican side Hillary Clinton on the Democratic side ) . Biden , 74 , recently launched American Possibilities PAC , a political action committee that has set off speculation about his 2020 intentions Biden The former senator from Delaware has made regular public appearances since leaving office , often criticizing President Donald Trump . Romney , 70 , has not stayed far from politics , either .   After being passed over for Trump ’s secretary President Donald Trump , Romney has campaigned for Romney candidates and weighed in on political matters via social media . He revealed Friday that Romney had been serious Romney serving as Trump ’s top diplomat President Donald Trump spoke to Hillary Clinton , the defeated Democratic nominee , who encouraged him to take it . Romney has grown that Romney could run for the Romney in Utah . But first , Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch , 83 , must decide whether he wants to seek an Romney term . Romney , a former Massachusetts Romney , is a Mormon and owns a home in Utah . 
 Utah 