Milo mocked the Clinton Campaign ’s attempt to cover up Hillary ’s health issues at a Millennials for Trump rally in Georgia today . [   " Hillary is the ultimate insider . Hillary ’s inside ambulances , hospitals   …     " joked Milo , as the audience burst into laughter . " You know the audience said it was a vast    conspiracy . the audience said you ca n’t talk about it . ‘ it ’s sexism and ageism to talk about Hillary health , and then   …     " Milo mockingly collapsed to the floor as the podium rattled and the laughter in the the audience louder . " Every day , when the Hillary Hillary wakes up . When they ’ve the Hillary campaign their morning the Hillary campaign to Milo continued . " They pray they that the Hillary campaign do the Hillary campaign have the Hillary campaign beautiful , barmy afternoon . Another overheating incident . " " ‘ I do n’t know what they ’re complaining about the Hillary campaign another mild seizure here and there’ " mocked Milo , Milo the Clinton Campaign ’s reaction to Hillary ’s obvious health issues . " ‘ A few buckling legs . Who cares ? ’ " During his speech at the Millenials for Trump rally in Georgia , Milo also Milo the high turnout of young people who would n’t usually be so enthused by a Republican presidential candidate . He also Milo America as the greatest country in the world , before warning the audience about the dangers of Islam and political correctness that have already plagued countries in Europe . Milo was Milo by Quaterrius Manuel , a black Republican teenager who was mercilessly harassed by Black Lives Matter activists after he appeared Milo a viral video where he debated Milo black Democrat on Donald Trump . Manuel asked the audience Quaterrius Manuel they the audience country back the audience before the audience " enough is enough " and encouraging millennials in the audience to vote for the audience . National    and Donald Trump Students for Trump , John Lambert , followed Manuel Donald Trump listed various things that Quaterrius Manuel Trump and Clinton had done , before Donald Trump the audience whether they thought it the audience a candidate who Trump and Clinton go to the White House or jail . " I ’m going to say a description of a candidate and I want you to say whether they belong in the White House , or if they belong the White House said Lambert , before describing they controversies surround Clinton ’s emails , the amount of jobs Trump has created , and Clinton ’s cozyness with foreign dictators . The audience chanted Clinton jail " for each description of Clinton . Senator Michael Williams also spoke before Milo , Clinton he encouraged the audience to " make your voices heard Senator Michael Williams every The audience . " Watch Milo ’s full speech below : Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 