WASHINGTON   —    President Obama will not send a formal delegation to Cuba to attend the funeral of the former Cuban strongman Fidel Castro , but instead will dispatch a top White House aide . Benjamin J. Rhodes , a deputy national security adviser , will attend the funeral of the former Cuban strongman Fidel Castro , as will Jeffrey DeLaurentis , the top American diplomat in Cuba , to represent the United States , said Josh Mr. Earnest The administration decided that the relationship between the the White House remained " quite complicated , " Mr. Earnest said . " There are many aspects of the U. S.   relationship that were characterized by a lot of conflict and turmoil , not just during the Castro regime . " Mr. Earnest said the administration continued to have Mr. Earnest about the Cuban the White House including its poor protection of basic human rights . " So , the White House believe that this was an appropriate way for the United the White House to show our commitment to an ongoing    relationship with the Cuban people the White House " Mr. Earnest said . Although he is not a diplomat , Mr. Rhodes was the central Mr. Earnest House interlocutor during negotiations with Mr. Earnest government over the recent opening of relations between the two countries , and he was scheduled to be in Cuba this week for more meetings Mr. Earnest , Mr. Earnest said .    Donald J. Trump warned Monday that the Mr. Earnest build ties with Cuba after decades of animosity could be quickly wiped away , despite growing Cuba and commercial ties between the countries . " If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal the two countries Cuban people , the Cuba people and the U. S. as a whole , I will terminate deal , " he said on Twitter . Mr. Trump ’s message threatened to end one of Donald J. Trump Obama ’s signature foreign policy initiatives , an effort to overturn decades of enmity . Mr. Obama has relaxed restrictions on commerce , trade and financial transactions with Cuba Mr. Obama’s he has not been able to overturn an embargo put in place by Congress . Mr. Obama’s Obama has sought to strike a difficult balance between ending the countries’ animosity and Mr. Obama’s island government ’s faults . He has seen the decades of American efforts to undermine and even overthrow Cuba ’s government Mr. Obama’s being not only unsuccessful but also harmful to the United States’ image Cuba . By reducing the temperature of the language against Cuba , Mr. Obama believes that the world is more likely to focus more on Cuba ’s own Cuba economic change and human rights , Mr. Earnest said . But Republicans were sharply Cuba’s Saturday , the day after Mr. Castro ’s death , of a White House statement that noted that it was an occasion for Americans to " extend a hand of friendship to the Cuban people " while doing little to castigate the former leader ’s record of brutality . A few hours after the White House released its statement , a statement from Mr. Trump ’s transition team called Mr. Castro a " brutal dictator " who the White House oppressed his own people for decades and left a legacy of " firing squads , theft , unimaginable suffering , poverty Mr. Castro the denial of fundamental human rights . " 
 