  ( CNN ) Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe Thursday rejected assertions by the White House that FBI employees had lost faith in James Comey and that the bureau ’s probe into Russian election meddling was one of the bureau’s probe into Russian election meddling most minor concerns . " I hold James Comey in the absolute highest regard . I have the highest respect for his James Comey abilities and his James Comey , " McCabe told members of the Senate intelligence committee . He McCabe Comey , who was fired by President Donald Trump on Tuesday , enjoyed " broad support within the FBI and still does to this day . " He McCabe , " The majority , the vast majority of FBI the FBI enjoyed a deep , positive connection to Director Comey . " On Wednesday , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , a White House spokeswoman , said the President " and the rest of the the FBI had lost confidence in Comey . Director Comey said Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman White White House from " countless " members of the FBI the FBI effect . McCabe also contradicted another statement by Sanders in Wednesday ’s White Wednesday when she said White House Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman investigation was " probably one of the smallest things " on the FBI ’s the FBI We consider it to be a highly significant investigation , " McCabe said , but declined to give details of McCabe manpower involved in the probe . The acting FBI director also said there has been McCabe the FBI ’s investigation into the FBI the election , but vowed to inform FBI Senate panel if the White House tried to intervene .   Ongoing investigation , McCabe testified on Capitol Hill amid reports that Trump had dismissed Comey partly because McCabe was infuriated about the bureau ’s probe into whether his campaign aides colluded Comey Moscow . He said nothing could prevent the FBI Comey " doing the right thing " Comey promised to tell the Senate intelligence committee if any attempt was made to thwart the investigation . Amid reports that Comey had asked for more resources for the Russia investigation , McCabe testified that Comey believed the bureau had adequate resources the investigation job . He was Comey by Republican Sen. Marco Rubio whether the dismissal of Comey had Comey in any way impeded , interrupted , stopped or negatively impacted Comey the investigation . " As you know , senator , the work of the men and the investigation the FBI continues despite any changes in circumstance , any decisions , so there has been no effort to impede our investigation to date , " McCabe told members of the Senate intelligence committee . " Simply put , sir , you can not stop the men and women of the FBI from doing the right thing , protecting the American people the men and women of the FBI    Five things to the FBI Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe hearing , In an earlier question from ranking Democrat Mark Warner , he vowed " absolutely " to inform the committee if Trump ’s White house did take steps to interfere .   ’Shocking development’ McCabe Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe hearing testimony overshadowed the testimony of other witnesses on issues including the state of the war in Afghanistan and North Korea ’s nuclear confrontation .   Burr , a North Carolina Republican , had opened proceedings by asking the panel ’s members to focus on the original topic of the hearing     discussing " World Wide Threats "     a request Warner said would be difficult to accommodate .   " It is impossible to ignore that one of the leaders of the intelligence community is not here with us today , " the Virginia senator said in his opening remarks . " The President ’s firing of FBI Director Comey Tuesday night was a shocking development . The timing of Director the Virginia senator ’s dismissal to me the Virginia senator many members of the committee on both sides of the aisle is especially troubling . " McCabe FBI Director Comey a private meeting with Trump at the White House on Wednesday , after deputy White House spokesman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that the President would talk to him about morale at the bureau following Comey ’s departure . Burr has also expressed concern about Comey ’s firing .   " I am troubled by the President timing and reasoning of Director Comey ’s termination , " Burr tweeted . " His dismissal Comey’s an already difficult investigation by the Committee . " RELATED : Comey firing Comey lawmakers , Alongside McCabe at the Burr table were Director Burr National Intelligence Daniel Coats , CIA Director Mike Pompeo , Admiral Michael Rogers Comey who heads the National Security Agency , Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart , Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and Robert Cardillo , who runs the National    Agency . 
 