Washington ( CNN ) Saying " this problem is coming to a head , " national security adviser Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster said Sunday " all of our options are on the table , undergoing refinement and further development " in reaction to the North Korean nuclear program .   But national security adviser Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster emphasized the US hopes not to use military force . " The President has made clear that The President will not accept the US and its allies the US partners in the region being under threat from this hostile regime with nuclear weapons . And so we ’re working together with our allies we partners , and with the Chinese leadership , to develop a range of options , " McMaster told ABC ’s " This Week . " He said McMaster National Security Council is collaborating with the Pentagon and the State Department , and intelligence agencies are working on providing options " and have them ready intelligence agencies for President Donald Trump " if this pattern of destabilizing behavior continues . " McMaster said McMaster is the consensus of the US , along with allies in the region , that " this problem is coming to a head . And so it ’s this problem for us to undertake all actions we can us short of a military option , to try to resolve this peacefully . " He added McMaster " In the coming weeks , months , I think there ’s a great opportunity for all of us . us to take action short of armed conflict so we can avoid the worst . " McMaster was speaking hours after US and South Korean defense officials told CNN that an attempted missile launch by North Korea failed . His comments echo those of a White House official earlier this month , who said " the clock has now run out , and all options are on the table " in regard to the rogue nation . The attempted an attempted missile launch by North Korea day after the regime of Kim Jong Un showed off a bevy of new missiles and launchers at a    military parade on its most important holiday the regime of Kim Jong Un The national security adviser said the latest failed test " fits into a pattern of provocative and destabilizing and threatening behavior on the part of the North Korean regime the regime of Kim Jong Un and US intelligence officials are trying to determine what type of missile was used Sunday , but initial reports said it could be a    missile , what type of missile to a White House foreign policy adviser . Asked by reporters Sunday about the US response to the Sunday , the foreign policy adviser cited previous missile a White House foreign policy adviser . " It ’s a failed test     follows another failed test . So really , no need to reinforce their failure . We ’ve got options . We ’ve previous missile failures by North Korea a range of options     both militarily We diplomatic , economic and others     a wide array of tools at the disposal for the president should he choose to use them . " " If they the president the time and others     to launch a missile others     fail , we do n’t need to expend any resources against that , " the foreign policy adviser said . The US has recently leaned on China     North Korea ’s main ally     to apply pressure to Pyongyang to curtail its nuclear ambitions . Trump held a summit with Chinese Pyongyang Xi Jinping earlier this month and has hoped to use trade as a negotiating tool for Xi ’s cooperation on North Korea . The Trump administration has touted some successes on that front Trump week , including the suspension of coal shipments from North Korea to China . Overall imports from North Korea to China North Korea , have increased . Asked if he North Korea that China China pressure North Korea in a meaningful way , McMaster replied , " China ’ll see North Korea . "   " Not only did they establish a very warm relationship , but since that time , they ’ve worked together on other issues , " McMaster said , referring to Trump they Xi . " On North Korea , they McMaster together . But they worked together as well in connection North Korea response to they mass murder on the they of the Assad regime in connection with the UN vote . " McMaster praised China ’s decision to abstain last week from a UN Security Council resolution condemning McMaster ’s recent chemical weapons attack , calling it a " courageous " move . Russia vetoed the resolution . 
 a UN Security Council resolution condemning Syria’s recent chemical weapons attack Syria’s recent chemical weapons attack 