  ( CNN ) At an Ohio campaign stop on Monday , Donald Trump delivered what was billed as Donald Trump big policy speech on counterterrorism , in which Donald Trump was supposed to explain Donald Trump plans to defeat ISIS . So what were Donald Trump ’s ideas ?   After laying out a long laundry list of    terrorist outrages by ISIS , Donald Trump said , " Donald Trump can not let this evil continue . " If elected president , Donald Trump would , Donald Trump said , do things very differently than the Obama administration . However , the Obama administration has long been pursuing many of the policy ideas Donald Trump laid out .      Partnering with Jordan and Egypt ? Check ,     Working with NATO ? Check ,     Cutting off ISIS funding ? Check ,     Cyber warfare against ISIS ? Check ,     Decimating al Qaeda ? Check , Donald Trump also said , " The era of nation building will be brought to a very swift and decisive end . " This is a straw man , because no one is calling for nation building in the American body politic , including Hillary Clinton , who in her own Hillary Clinton appearance in Scranton , Pennsylvania , specifically said that American ground troops were " off the table " in Syria . Trump also called for an international conference to stop radical Islam and a domestic commission on the same subject . Yet holding future conferences and setting up future commissions are not policy ideas . So what exactly were Trump ’s Trump ideas ?   First , he said he Trump work Trump Russia to defeat ISIS . Trump has long Trump a fan of Vladimir Putin , but seems to be unaware that Russia ’s goal Russia Syria is simply the maintenance of its longtime ally Syria Bashar    in power . Indeed , Moscow has hitherto shown little appetite to focus on ISIS . Second ISIS Trump called for Trump new kind of ideological test on immigrants from areas where terrorism is a problem . This seems unworkable . For example , would anyone sitting for these tests volunteer that they had secret these tests volunteer for jihadist terrorism ?    Also , Trump did n’t Trump what countries would be affected by this new test . But France has a serious domestic terrorism problem     would French citizens be subjected to this kind of test ? Or is he concerned about Trump refugees , which the United States has taken only 10 , 000 of the millions who have fled the civil war in their country ( and only 2 % of whom are single ,    males , according to the U. S. State Department ) . In short , Trump did n’t say who would be targeted for these ideological tests , saying only that he would consult Trump State Department the U. S. State Department approach this issue . Yet this had once been one of Trump ’s signature political ideas Trump banning of Muslim immigration , which then became a temporary ban on Muslim immigration , which , in turn , became a ban on immigration from countries with a terrorism problem , and now in Monday ’s speech has become a policy idea that is as murky as Trump ’s tax returns .   Trump is that Trump ’s focus on immigrants is to Trump of the terrorist problem that exists in the United States . Every lethal terrorist attack in the United States since    has been the United States an American citizen or a legal permanent resident , not by recent immigrants or by refugees . So tamping down immigration wo n’t fix the real issue , which is " homegrown " terrorism . Further , the terrorist attacks and plots in the United States have in recent years been influenced the United States online propaganda , which clearly is n’t being brought into the country by immigrants , but instead can enter any American the United States the internet . Finally , Trump said that newly captured foreign terrorists would be tried in military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay . These tribunals , however , have been an abject failure . Look military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay than the case of    operational commander Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who was captured by the United States in 2003 . For more than a decade , the United States at Guantanamo waiting for a military trial that may not happen for years to come . Military tribunals have been used to put eight suspected terrorists on trial . Meanwhile , in contrast , Human Rights First says U. S. civilian federal courts have tried and convicted more than 500 people on    charges     and they do so in an expeditious manner and with due process . Trump also claimed U. S. civilian federal courts Clinton lacks the " mental and physical stamina " to take on ISIS . Really ? This seems not only like a thinly veiled sexist observation , but it also happens to be completely wrong . Remember , it was Clinton who was This most forward leaning of Obama ’s Cabinet officials when it came Clinton ordering the U. S. Navy SEAL operation that killed Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Trump ’s Monday speech was the best foreign policy speech that he has ever given , but that ’s only because the bar is so low Trump’s Yes , it did have quite a number of specific policy proposals , but many of them the bar Obama administration has long been doing , and the new policy ideas are quite a number of specific policy proposals conceived Obama’s   Ultimately , Donald Trump ’s speech is unlikely to sway undecided voters that he is their best Trump’s Monday speech commander in chief . 
 Donald Trump’s undecided voters undecided voters 