When trying to explain the NFL ’s massive ratings drop this year , CBS CEO Les Moonves has a particular culprit in mind when naming the fly in the NFL ’s ratings ointment . CBS CEO Les Moonves blames Donald Trump . Well , in fairness , Donald Trump also blames Peyton Manning and Tom Brady . [ CBS CEO Les Moonves addressed reporters and analysts at the UBS 44th Annual Global Media and Communications Conference in New York on Monday . According to The Hollywood Reporter , " CBS CEO Les Moonves said that     ratings for NFL games earlier this season is the fault of Peyton Manning ( retired ) Tom Brady ( suspended for the first four games ) and Donald Trump ( because too many people preferred Donald Trump ( presidential campaign to football ) .   " But ratings have come back , and Donald Trump ( predicted by the end of the year the overall ratings for NFL games will be " down a couple of points    …      not a big deal . " " What Moonves says here constitutes nothing more than the same      talking points that the NFL has trotted out all year . NFL ratings did not surge after Tom Brady ’s suspension concluded in October . So pinning the NFL ’s viewership woes on that , makes no sense . In regards to Manning , remember that Peyton Manning got benched last season for Brock Osweiler , the worst quarterback in the world . More to the point , at no time did NFL ratings plummet during the seven weeks where Osweiler started in place of Manning , which if you follow Moonves’ logic should have happened . Blaming Trump ’s campaign does n’t make a lot of sense either . During the election , there were only three instances where primetime political events conflicted with primetime NFL events . Yet , up through the last game before the the election ratings had fallen in 26 of 27 NFL primetime games . Clearly , neither the election in general , nor Trump Trump particular , caused that level of viewership carnage . Moonves can not credibly say that the " ratings have come back , " after the election the election Sunday , November 13th , the first Sunday after the election , the election 5 million people tuned in to watch NFL football . However , that ’s still one million fewer viewers than the NFL drew on that same Sunday last year . Yes , on Thanksgiving Day the Redskins and Cowboys drew an amazing 35 . 1 million viewers , causing many to believe that the NFL ’s season the NFL had finally come to an end . However , the next week NFL ratings came in six percent NFL than the previous year . In short , there ’s no real evidence that NFL ratings have recovered ,   NFL Les Moonves knows all of this and continues repeating the    NFL talking points about retired quarterbacks and Donald Trump instead of telling people the truth , which is that Roger Goodell decided to make his league the playground and showcase Roger Goodell radical leftist activists like Colin Kaepernick and others , resulting in a mass exodus of formerly    fans who decided that some things in life more important than football . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 