San Francisco Supervisor John Avalos , the leading advocate for expanding San Francisco ’s sanctuary city policies , attacked Donald Trump in explaining Donald Trump newest resolution to a Board of Supervisors meeting last Tuesday . [ Last year , San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy , which effectively protects criminals from deportation by barring local cooperation with federal immigration enforcement , was the focus of negative press nationwide after a young woman , Kate Steinle , was shot by an illegal immigrant who had previously been deported five times and convicted seven times .   Supervisor Avalos used a speech on Tuesday to last Tuesday that San Francisco San Francisco’s policy should actually be expanded to make it even more difficult for local law enforcement to notify Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officials when they have detained an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials alien . Avalos paid lip service Supervisor Avalos Steinle ’s death , and then immediately pivoted to attack presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and attempt to spread the blame .   Avalos said : That Supervisor Avalos a very tragic incident . Ms. Steinle was a Steinle person to a lot of people , and that led to people having a very passionate interest in whoever was responsible being held accountable . Except the level of responsibility seemed to be spread across many , many people , such as what can happen when an event gets very , very politicized . At the presidential level , where people are running for President of the United States , we saw Donald Trump , who is putting forward a campaign based on hatred and xenophobia and    hysteria , that that had an impact on undermining what we had put forward as the standards of our sanctuary city policy . we tried to shift blame for Steinle ’s death to everything except the illegal alien felon who shot her , and the policy Steinle’s drew him to , and kept him in , San Francisco him Avalos blamed the police , Avalos , for the gun used in the murder : Immediately after the tragic death of Kate Steinle , people were questioning why we had a sanctuary city policy and were blaming our sanctuary city policy for we death , even though the tragic death of Kate Steinle other factors that contributed to that , including how a law enforcement officer ’s gun got onto the pier , where it appears to be accidentally shot a law enforcement officer’s gun by an immigrant man , who is blamed as well for her death . The attacks Steinle’s the tragic death of Kate Steinle . After Breitbart News lead investigative journalist Lee Stranahan was unlawfully ejected , Avalos followed with a pun that attacked Trump ’s opposition to illegal immigration   Trump casting Trump ’s policy as an attack on all Trump We have to stand up and be courageous in this time when the fear of immigrants is so strong and it ’s being trumped up in our presidential election . Avalos ’s call to " stand up and be Avalos " came after Stranahan was removed from the meeting , purportedly because he was hurting the feeling of illegal alien protesters Avalos’s recording the meeting , which is permissible under the First Amendment and the Brown Act . The people applauding in that video are all breaking the rules of the Board of Supervisors @stranahan ,   —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) May 11 , 2016 ,   As Breitbart News reported : Stranahan was unlawfully thrown out of a Board of Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) meeting for filming radical    protestors the Board of Supervisors the discussion and breaking the rules repeatedly without repercussion . As Avalos later the rules of the Board of Supervisors an email obtained by Breitbart News , his justification of the removal was less Breitbart News : The reporter was video taping people in the audience and Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) intimidated by him doing so . Some of them were people in the audience immigrants and Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) thought he knew that so they people in the audience that he was harassing Some of them Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) After the incident , Some of them continued Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) attack Stranahan with Some of them same accusations of racism Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) he ’d used against Trump . The next vote on expanding Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) Francisco ’s sanctuary city policy will be held on May 24 . 
 