Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Jeff Sessions faced hours of questioning from some of Sen. Jeff Sessions closest colleagues on Tuesday , as Sen. Jeff Sessions defended Sen. Jeff Sessions , Sen. Jeff Sessions record and the    who nominated Sen. Jeff Sessions on fronts including racism allegations and torture .   During the    Senate Judiciary Committee hearing , Democrats waged several fronts against Sessions , trying to trip Sen. Jeff Sessions up , peg Sen. Jeff Sessions into promises and to make clear positions from Donald Trump that concern them .   Sessions maintained Sen. Jeff Sessions cool throughout the grilling , repeatedly speaking about how " painful " past allegations of racism have been and defending Sen. Jeff Sessions record .    Hours earlier , as the   Senate Judiciary Committee hearing began , Sessions Sessions n’t wait for Sen. Jeff Sessions record on race to be brought up before addressing it , diverging from Sen. Jeff Sessions prepared statement to address " head on " the very allegations that helped sink Sen. Jeff Sessions nomination for a judgeship in 1986 . " I abhor the Klan and its Klan ideology , " Sessions said . Sen. Jeff Sessions also pledged to recuse Sen. Jeff Sessions from all investigations involving Hillary Clinton     citing inflammatory comments Sen. Jeff Sessions made during a " contentious " campaign season     and said Sen. Jeff Sessions would respect Supreme Court rulings and US law on issues including abortion , torture and    marriage even if Sen. Jeff Sessions does not agree with them torture and   marriage   Sessions will likely be confirmed . Republicans hold a majority in the Senate and no GOP senators have spoken out against the’ nomination . Instead , Democrats could only hope to trip Sessions up while making their Democrats to the American people against the Trump administration . In one of the more memorable moments , the Alabama senator , who was one of Trump ’s earliest defenders on the campaign trail , was also asked about Trump Trump caught on a hot mic bragging about aggressive sexual behavior . " Is grabbing a woman by her genitals a woman consent , is that sexual assault ? " asked Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy . " Yes , " Sessions said . Sessions had been previously quoted in the immediate aftermath of the tape questioning the contents of the tape , in which Trump bragged Trump being able to grab women by the genitals her genitals , as sexual assault . He made Trump he had Trump intended to make that suggestion .   Many senators acknowledged the awkwardness of the situation , given that Sessions has long served in the Senate and on the very committee interrogating him . Trump Richard Blumenthal noted Session is a " friend , " before saying he still intended Democrat Richard Blumenthal be tough .   Democrats pressed Sessions on uncomfortable Sessions but there were no fireworks . Firebrand Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz said he had been Firebrand Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz the hearing would get " ugly " but praised his Democratic colleagues Firebrand Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz being " largely restrained from going down that road . " Sessions was introduced by two fellow GOP senators , fellow Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby and moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins . Collins gave a moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins defense of her colleague , moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins she noted she moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins not moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins agreed with the firebrand as a more moderate member of her party . moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins I have never witnessed anything to suggest that Senator Sessions is anything but a dedicated public servant and decent man , " Collins said , moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins addressing Sessions’ 1986 judicial nomination . She noted that moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins later , Sen. Arlen Specter , who switched his affiliation from Republican to Democrat , singled out his vote against his as the vote he regretted . his ’I have since found Sen. Sessions is egalitarian,’ " she quoted Specter moderate Maine Sen. Susan Collins saying in 2009 . Protesters began interrupting the event before the hearing began , and continued throughout the moment . Right as Sessions was walking in , two demonstrators apparently dressed as members of the Ku Klux Klan were escorted out of the room . During one of his introductions , a woman protesting with Code Pink was escorted out calling Sessions " evil , " and two more separate protests were taken out during his opening statements his including a man yelling that Sessions is " racist . " The protests continued two more separate protests the testimony , each time being cleared quickly while the senators calmly waited .   Transcripts give close look at old Sessions allegations , Sessions’ hearing will continue into Wednesday , when Democrats will call several witnesses to testify against him , including members of the Congressional Black Caucus , and New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker , who will become the first sitting senator to testify against confirmation of a fellow member . Other witnesses include former Justice officials and law enforcement representatives who will support Sessions , as well as officials from the American Civil Liberties Union and NAACP , who will oppose him .    Russia and Trump , Sen. Al Franken asked in the early evening about CNN ’s reporting that classified documents presented last week to President Barack Obama and Trump included allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Trump . " I Trump not aware of any of those activities , " Sessions said . " I have been called a surrogate at a time or two during the campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians and I ’m unable to comment ’m it .   Franken the campaign up , asking if Sessions knows " what compromising personal and financial information the Russians claim to have . " " Sen. Franken , allegations Franken about candidates all the time and they ’ve been made about candidates Trump a lot sometimes , " Sessions said . " Some of them , virtually all of candidates have been proven to candidates exaggerated or untrue . I would just say to you that I have no information about this matter . I have not been in on the classified briefings and I ’m not a member of the intelligence committee so I ’m just not able to give you any comment on it at this time . Civil rights , Clinton and abortion , The issue of civil rights came up repeatedly throughout the hearing , both from Democrats trying to box in Sessions’ positions and Republicans trying to give Sessions an opportunity to clear his record .   Sessions said he was keenly aware of his rights and their importance . " I deeply understand the history of civil rights and the horrendous impact that relentless and systemic discrimination and the denial of voting rights has had on our    brothers and sisters , " Sessions said . " I Sessions witnessed it . We must continue to move our and never back . I understand the demands for justice and fairness made by our LGBT community . I will ensure that the statutes protecting their civil rights and their safety are full enforced their I understand the lifelong scars born by women who are victims of assault and abuse . "   Sessions , in his opening Sessions , emphasized the importance of law enforcement and crime fighting . He made the case that his is a " civil right " and cited the increase in violent crime in Chicago and other cities as " not an anomaly , but the beginning of a dangerous trend . " " It is a fundamental civil right to be safe in your home and your community , " he said . Sessions’ comments his during the first of several blockbuster confirmation hearings that will play out on Capitol Hill over the coming weeks as senators consider Trump ’s Cabinet picks .   Through the hearing , Democrats laid down several markers for Sessions .   Addressing the idea of prosecuting Clinton , a theme of Trump ’s campaign , Sessions Trump’s would n’t be Sessions . Trump’s I believe the proper thing for me to do would be to recuse myself from questions involving those kinds of investigations involving Secretary Clinton that were raised during the campaign and could be otherwise Trump’s campaign it , " Sessions said , upon Trump’s campaign by Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley . " I believe that would be best for the country because we can never have a political dispute turn into a criminal dispute , " Sessions said . He also denied participating in the " Secretary Clinton her up " chants during the campaign heard at Trump rallies . " No I did not , I do n’t think . I heard it . .. sometimes humorously done , " he said . Sessions said he would Secretary Clinton the 1973 Supreme Court Secretary Clinton allowing abortion and the more recent Supreme Court decision allowing    marriage     Supreme Court he does n’t agree with the court Secretary Clinton decisions . " I believe it violated the Constitution , " Sessions said in response to a question from Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein about whether he stands by his past statements calling Roe Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein Wade a Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein colossal " mistake . " It is the law of the land , it has been settled for some time . It .. I will respect it and follow it , " Sessions said It Likewise , It said    marriage is settled . " The Supreme Court has ruled on that , Supreme Court vigorously , but it was    and . .. I will follow that the dissents , " he said . Intelligence , waterboarding and Muslim ban ,    also faced a series Sessions questions on the issue of torture and waterboarding , a hot topic since Trump has Trump in favor of the practice . Waterboarding is considered torture by US and international law , though Trump has Trump he feels Trump can be brought back into use in the field . Sessions emphasized that Congress has outlawed since it was used in the George W. Bush administration during Congress war on terror . " Congress has taken an action now that makes it absolutely Congress and illegal to use waterboarding or any Congress form of torture in the United States by our military and by all our other departments and agencies , " he said .   Sessions has come under fire Sessions George W. Bush support of    immigration policies also embraced by Trump George W. Bush Trump deferred on a question as to whether he agrees with past statements from Trump calling Trump a George W. Bush ban on foreign Muslims from entering the United States     saying that Trump has Trump moved the United States position .   " I believe the    has subsequent to that statement made clear that he believes the focus should be on individuals coming from George W. Bush that have histories of terrorism , and he ’s also stated that his policy and what he George W. Bush suggest is strong vetting George W. Bush " Sessions said George W. Bush response to questioning from Democratic Sen. Patrick Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy supports denying entry to the US based on religion . Leahy asked George W. Bush Sessions then voted Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy a sense of the Sessions resolution that opposed using religion the Senate a basis for denying entry into the US . " Many people do have religious views that are inimical to the the US the United States , " Sessions said , saying he opposed the resolution because it the United States at all . " I have no belief and do not the Senate resolution that opposed using religion as a basis for denying entry into the US idea that the Senate resolution that opposed using religion as a basis for denying entry into the US as a religious group should be denied admission to the United States . We have great Muslim citizens who have contributed in so many ways , the United States . " Americans are great believers in religious freedom and the right to exercise their religious beliefs . " Sessions dodged taking a position on the intelligence community ’s conclusion that Russians engaged in hacking Americans other activities to interfere with the US election . Under questioning from outspoken Russia critic Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , Russia said he needed to be briefed on Sessions matter but had no reason to doubt the conclusions of the FBI . Trump outspoken Russia critic Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham from ’Access Hollywood’   Sessions was also asked about Trump ’s Trump Sessions the campaign trail     a Trump’s that surfaced during the campaign that captured Trump on Trump hot mic bragging about aggressive sexual behavior , including using fame to grab women by their genitals with impunity . After the " Access Hollywood " tape surfaced , Sessions told a reporter that he did n’t women doing so was sexual assault , a position he later walked back . Leahy asked Sessions point blank a reporter Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy Is grabbing a Sessions by her genitals without her consent a reporter is that sexual assault ? " " Clearly it would be , " Sessions said . a woman asked if a woman would prosecute Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy " sitting president " Sessions other    elected official if they were accused of the behavior that Trump described Trump the tape . " The President is subject to certain lawful restrictions a "sitting president" or other   elected official they would be required to be applied by the the "Access Hollywood" tape enforcement official if appropriate , yes , " Sessions said . Leahy a "sitting president" or other   elected official again whether the Sessions Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy the tape would be considered sexual assault . " The confusion about the question was a hypothetical question , and it related to the "Access Hollywood" tape said on the tape , " Sessions said in defense . " I did not remember at the time the question this was suggested to be an the "Access Hollywood" tape unwanted type , which certainly would meet the definition . " " Is grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent , is that sexual assault ? " Leahy asked again . " Yes Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy " Sessions said . Tense moments with a woman One of the tensest moments questioning Sessions’ record came from Franken , who was the first on the committee to raise concerns about Sessions’ questionnaire the intelligence committee submitted to the committee ahead Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy the hearing     a key the intelligence committee Democrats’ messaging against Sessions in the    to the hearing . Franken zeroed in on two issues : a Franken statement in which Sessions said he " filed 20 or 30 cases " Sessions desegregation and the hearing     four civil rights cases he highlighted to the committee as being " Franken " involved in . the intelligence committee , Sessions admitted to Franken that the " 20 to 30 " Franken from 2009 was not accurate . Franken also noted on the civil rights cases Franken listed in his questionnaire as being part of the 10 Franken significant pieces of litigation he " personally handled , " as the Franken from the committee asked , lawyers involved in those cases say Sessions the intelligence committee . " We worked in the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division , which brought those lawsuits we handled three of the four ourselves , " wrote three of the lawyers in a Washington Post   . " We can state categorically that Sessions had no substantive involvement in We of them . " All three Sessions J. Gerald Hebert , Joseph D. Rich and William Yeomans , have Democratic or    affiliations , and Republicans including Cruz later noted that Hebert opposed Sessions had no substantive involvement in any of them in 1986 and recanted a select portion of his testimony during that hearing .   " We decided that was an appropriate response since it was a major historic J. Gerald Hebert in my office , " Sessions said of filling out J. Gerald Hebert questionnaire , saying he provided support to Hebert opposed Sessions in 1986 and recanted a select portion of his testimony during that hearing case as attorney general . " It was 30 years ago , and my memory in these cases , I was supportive . " " To me J. Gerald Hebert a layman , it sounds to me like ’filed’ means , ’I led the case,’ or , ’I supervised the case,’ it does n’t mean that ’my name was on it,’ " Franken said . " Setting aside any political Franken ideological differences that you or I may have , DOJ is facing significant challenges . .. and our country needs an attorney general who does n’t misrepresent or inflate their involvement on any the country , so I consider this serious stuff . " 
 