A Tampa , Florida ABC News reporter asked Hillary Clinton if Hillary Clinton would be willing to take neurological tests following Hillary Clinton health scare , which forced Hillary Clinton to flee the    memorial earlier this month . But the former secretary of state laughed off the question , saying the former secretary of state does n’t think the tests are needed . [ " I am very sorry I got pneumonia , " Hillary Clinton responded . " I am very glad that antibiotics took care of care and that ’s behind us now . I have met the standard that everybody running for president has met in terms of releasing information about my health . "    " The information is very clear and the information as I said meets the standards that every other person running for president has ever had to meet , " Clinton stated . President Obama ’s former physician Dr. David Scheiner previously appeared on CNN , saying Clinton should have neurological testing . " I think Clinton should have had a neurological examination , a thorough neurological examination in 2016 , " Clinton explained . " We know what happens to football players who have had concussions , how football players who have had concussions begin to lose some of football players who have had concussions cognitive ability , I think both of football players who have had concussions [ Trump and Clinton ] should release [Trump and Clinton] records . " Clinton health became a subject of concern after she Clinton from blood clots and a concussion in 2012 . Her Clinton’s health continued to make headlines throughout the years and most recently when she Clinton seen being lifted into a van to leave the    memorial . The secretary of state even referenced her Clinton during an interview with the FBI about her Clinton of a private email server . After video caught Clinton fleeing the    the   memorial put into a van after appearing to lose consciousness   —    although she later said she Clinton lost consciousness Clinton —    her campaign announced she Clinton suffering from Clinton . Newark Beth Israel Medical Center Department of Medicine chairman Dr. Bob Lehita also weighed in on Clinton ’s health during an interview with Fox Business . " This is a very unusual story with Hillary , " Lahita stated . " The very fact that she ’s having these Clinton and she ’s had two Clinton of thrombosis is disconcerting , to say the least . " 
 