On " Fox   Friends Sunday , " conservative radio talk show host author Wayne Allyn Root said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is " actually punching back " against the liberal agenda and " winning . "   " conservative radio talk show host author Wayne Allyn Root said the Republican establishment " should thank God because the Republican party is in vogue again . " " the Republican party ’ve got the Republican party mojo back , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s winning . I hate to quote Charlie Sheen , but in this case , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is winning . You could tell . There ’s no protesters at Rubio events . there ’s no one trying to interrupt Cruz events . No one even knows Kasich ’s name . Donald Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump getting this incredible attack because he ’s Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . He ’s Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump the left , under their skin , and they know their ’s Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump one that could beat Hillary Clinton . " He added Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump " I think it ’s the one that could beat Hillary Clinton much like Ronald Reagan . I was the first commentator in the country who compared Trump to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump think Ronald Reagan reaction is exactly the same , Clayton . I was there . I was at Columbia University , the center of the liberal universe , from 1980 to ’83 when Reagan was running in Ronald Reagan then elected president . The response of the kids on campus and professors , exactly Trump today . They Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump scared to death , We are winning , They ’re taking back They agenda . We ’re not punching They anymore . We ’re actually punching They . And that ’s a good thing because I do n’t want to be a punching bag . It ’s been 7 . 5 years under Barack Obama where the Republican party ’s been a punching bag under John Boehner , Mitch McConnell , and even under Paul Ryan . I ’m proud that Donald Trump is hitting back . " 
 