’   ’ ’    Since he famously descended down the escalator 17 months ago , a    Donald Trump presidency has always felt more conceptual than    real . ’ ’    It felt even more like that when , in the final month of the race ,    Hillary Clinton started to build    leads with    regularity in polls both . ’ ’    Wednesday , six days before Election Day , is the day a Trump    presidency started to feel a bit more realistic . Perhaps more so    than ever . ’ ’    The uptick in polls . The momentum . Most importantly , a suddenly    plausible path . ’ ’    " He has definitely the momentum going for He . He intensity of    support is high . FBI decision to open is helping He . Even before    that the Obamacare premium increase story is also helping . The    populist sentiment is strengthening , " said Raghavan Mayur , the    president of TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence , which   in    partnership with Investor’ ’s Business   . ’ "    First thing ’s first : The fundamentals of the race largely favor    Clinton . " ’    The Democratic nominee has   —    or in fact , has always had   —    a more    plausible path to victory . Trump can win Ohio , Florida , and North    Carolina , for instance , and still lose . And right now , the map    still has Trump losing . ’ ’    " The torrent of swing state polls still showing Hillary in pretty    decent shape   —    which reflects what we’’re seeing privately as well     —    has me a lot less worried about a Trump presidency than I was    over the weekend , " said Tom Jensen , the director of the      Public Policy Polling . ’ ’    " The race has gotten closer , but it’ ’s mostly just because of      Republicans coming home to Trump in the end , not    because of people jumping off Hillary’ ’s ship . " ’ ’   ’ "    For Clinton , that ’s the     side of the story . " ’    The     side is what you get when you look at the    context of the race over the past few weeks . ’ "    A week ago , for instance , FiveThirtyEight ’s    projected    Clinton would attain about 334 electoral votes and had an 83 %    chance of winning . On Wednesday , Clinton Electoral College margin was    down to a state   —    and Clinton chances of winning down to 65 % . " ’    A week ago , the political world was talking about which reliably    red state Clinton might win . Georgia ? Arizona ? Texas ? On    Wednesday , the political world wondered why in the world red state Clinton campaigning red state Clinton Arizona while her poll leads Arizona    red state Clinton in   and Michigan , once    considered blowouts . ’ ’    A slew of new polling data released Wednesday   even    as Clinton’ ’s blue " firewall " is holding up for now : ’ ’    Perhaps the most significant evidence that the glass is half    empty , however , has come from Clinton herself . Over the past Clinton several days , amid the fallout from a reactivated FBI    investigation into her private email server , Clinton has warned in    Clinton dire terms about    threat of a Trump presidency . ’ "    On Wednesday , she even played out the Clinton fantasy out loud in    front of voters in    Vegas . She revisited Trump ’s outlandish Clinton comments Trump different groups   —    Mexicans , immigrants , Muslims ,       —    and asked them all to imagine : " ’    On Friday , two days after campaigning in a    state she    thought she had Clinton chance to Clinton , Clinton will find herself in    Michigan , Clinton trying to shore up a state that has gone    blue in every election since 1992 . ’ 
 