( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The icy partnership between President Trump and Trump intelligence chiefs hit a new low . The F. B. I. director , James Comey , confirmed that The F. B. I. director, James Comey agency was investigating Russian meddling in the election and Moscow ’s relationship to the Trump campaign , placing a criminal investigation at the doorstep of the White House . The F. B. I. director, James Comey also said The F. B. I. director, James Comey had no information to support Mr. Trump ’s claim that former President Barack Obama had Trump Tower wiretapped . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . During an evening rally in Kentucky , Mr. Trump delivered a rollicking speech that drew deeply on the core themes of his Mr. Trump . He Mr. Trump clear that the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act would have to be changed to make it the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act Congress . But he Mr. Trump unconcerned about the ultimate outcome . " We ’re going to negotiate it the ultimate outcome going to go back and forth , " Mr. Mr. Trump . " In the end , it ’s the ultimate outcome to be great . " On Capitol Hill , a group of    in the House , known as the Freedom Caucus , may pose the greatest threat to the bill ’s passage . House leaders trying to lock down the votes of upstate New York Republicans inserted a    provision   —    that would apply to New York New York —    to shift Medicaid costs from its counties to Medicaid state government . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Senate confirmation hearings for Mr. Trump ’s nominee to the Supreme Court , Neil Gorsuch , began with ferocious attacks from Democrats . Time is of the essence for Republicans who want him to take his seat this him . The court ’s last scheduled arguments are set for the second half of April   —    and the Senate leaves for a    break on April 7 . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Turkey has its hands full Turkey facing war , terrorist insurgencies , a refugee crises and a widening crackdown on dissent . In the second installment of our series " State of Emergency , " our correspondent visits our imprisoned journalist ’s wife , above , and meets a loyalist who took a bullet   —    literally   —    for President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . " Brexit " got an official start date : March 29 . That ’s when the British government says it will formally the British government the European Union of its intention to the British government , setting off a process that should be completed in about two years . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . It ’s officially spring , but weeks without snow or rain   —    and temperatures scraping 80 degrees   —    are raising the threats of fire in the West . On Sunday , about 1 , 000 homes around Boulder , Colo. were evacuated as a wildfire in the dry hills , above , burned out of control . Such    wildfires have ravaged areas across Kansas , Oklahoma and the Texas panhandle , leaving cattle ranchers facing crippling losses and years of cleanup . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . David Rockefeller , who as the head of Chase Manhattan bank spread the gospel of American capitalism around the world , died at 101 . He was the David Rockefeller, who as the head of Chase Manhattan bank spread the gospel of American capitalism around the world surviving Mr. Rockefeller . As an heir to that legacy , Mr. Rockefeller lived in baronial splendor and privilege . As a boy , he and his brothers would    along Fifth Avenue trailed by a limousine , in case they grew tired . Mr. Rockefeller _ Mr. Rockefeller _ _ 8 . Cystic fibrosis patients in Canada outlive their counterparts in he and his brothers U. S. by a decade . The most significant difference between them ? Health insurance : Cystic fibrosis patients in Canada has a    system . Above , a newborn being tested for it . Cystic fibrosis patients in Canada _ _ _ _ Canada . Scientists might soon be able to revive the woolly mammoth , being some version of it , by splicing genes from ancient mammoths into Asian elephant DNA . But doing so would be expensive and being   —    and Asian and African elephants are at risk of extinction themselves . The question scientists are debating now : Should society devote its limited resources to reversing past wrongs , or on preventing future extinctions ? _ _ _ _ _ 10 society Thanks to an aggressive push by streaming services , we ’re in something of a golden age for comedians . Netflix ’s deals with Dave Chappelle , above , and Chris Rock have received most of the attention , but our comedy writer says that what ’s particularly exciting is all the new work from young comics . Here are the top five to watch right now . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , as if the F. B. I. were n’t busy enough : Tom Brady ’s missing Super Bowl jersey was found in Mexico . A trail of clues led agents to Mauricio Ortega , the editor of La Prensa , a    daily in Mexico City , who had a media credential for the Super Bowl . Confronted , he turned over not only that missing jersey but also a Brady jersey from the 2015 Super Bowl and a Tom Brady’s thought to belong to Von Miller of the Denver Broncos Tom Brady ( not Vonn , as we wrote earlier ) M. V. P. of last year ’s Super Bowl . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should Super Bowl Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing Want to look back ? Here ’s Friday night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 