  ( CNN ) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested Wednesday that Iraqi forces have launched a major ,    offensive on an ISIS stronghold to help Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump rival win the US presidency .   The claim , which Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton said " amazed " Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , came in the third and last presidential debate just 20 days before Americans head to the polls . During the candidates fractious , occasionally raucous    in Las Vegas , Nevada , the candidates also touched on abortion , immigration , national debt and foreign policy .   The fight for Mosul , which began Sunday , is being led by a diverse    coalition comprised of Iraqi security forces , Kurdish Peshmerga allies and thousands of irregulars from various Iraqi minority groups after more than two years of ISIS rule .   The US is advising on the effort to reclaim Iraq ’s    city and ISIS ’s top stronghold in Iraq . The battle is expected to take months , officials say , but would be a crucial step in routing the terror group .   Is Trump right that ISIS fight should be secret ? ’She wanted to look good . .. so they officials going in’ On Wednesday evening , Trump Trump that Iraq launched the mission to help Clinton win the White House .   " The only reason they officials it is because she Clinton running for the office of president and they officials to look tough , " Trump Trump . " They officials to look good . " " She Clinton to look good for the election , " he Trump , " so they officials going in . " Clinton Clinton Trump Trump claim reflected his Clinton in conspiracy theories . " I ’m just amazed that he Clinton to think that the Iraqi government and our allies and everybody else launched the attack on Mosul to help me in this the election but that ’s how Donald thinks , " Clinton Clinton . " You know , he always Donald looking for some conspiracy . " The exchange was part of a contentious     between the candidates over the war in Iraq , the war in Syria and the rise of ISIS , for which the New York    mogul blamed Clinton Clinton   " We should never have let ISIS happen ISIS the first place , " Trump said .   Final    debate in 140 characters ( and more ) Clash over Aleppo , Moderator Chris Wallace of Fox News asked the candidates about the ongoing siege of Aleppo in Syrian . The regime of President Bashar    along with its Russian Fox News , are bombing the rebel stronghold where an estimated 400 , 000 people     100 , 000 of them children its Russian allies are trapped . " They ’re its Russian allies slaughtered because of bad decisions , " Trump said .   When Wallace asked Chris Wallace about Trump responsibility Russian    deaths in bombings there , the Republican candidate did n’t respond , saying instead that " Aleppo is a disaster , " and adding that " a lot of this has happened because of Hillary Clinton . " Later , discussing Syria , Trump predicted Trump upheaval in future and turned to Clinton , Hillary Clinton " wait ’til you see what happens in the coming years , " and blaming her . Hillary Clinton Thanks a lot , Hillary , Hillary Clinton he said .   Freed from ISIS     but not from fear     zone , Clinton made Hillary Clinton clear pledge to pursue a    zone in Syria if Syria     a policy decision President Barack Obama has declined to take . Critics of the idea say that , among other problems , it would expose US jets to the danger of accidental clashes with Russian planes .    Clinton said Hillary Clinton was Hillary Clinton well aware of the concerns " about establishing these zones that Obama and a policy decision President Barack Obama military officials have expressed . But she said Hillary Clinton " I think a    zone could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict . "    " This would not be done on the first day , " she said Hillary Clinton adding that her administration Hillary Clinton make clear to the Russians and Syrians that the purpose would be to create a safe area for ordinary Syrians fleeing the violence .    " I think we could strike a deal and make it very a deal to the Russians and the Syrians this would be in the best interests of the Syrians the Syrians Clinton said .  
 