WASHINGTON   —    Whenever a major conservative plan in WASHINGTON has collapsed , blame has usually been fairly easy to pin on the Republican    who insist on purity over practicality . But as Republicans sifted through the detritus of Republicans failed effort to replace the Affordable Care Act , Republicans were finding fault almost everywhere Republicans looked . President Trump , posting on Twitter on Sunday , saw multiple culprits , including the renegade group of    conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus and outside groups like the Club for Growth . Those groups , which do not always work placidly together , had aligned against the president and Speaker Paul D. Ryan , the ultimate symbol of Those groups, which do not always work placidly together dismay with the entrenched ways of the capital . At the same time , some saw the president as pointing a finger at Mr. Ryan when Mr. Trump urged Mr. Trump Twitter followers on Saturday to tune in to a Fox News host , Jeanine Pirro , who went on to call for Mr. Ryan resignation . For eight years , those divisions were often masked by Republicans’ shared antipathy toward President Barack Obama . Now , as the party struggles to adjust to the    political order , it is the party a nagging question : How do you hold together when the man who unified you in opposition is no longer around ? Mr. Obama President Barack Obama with not just a health law to loathe and a veto pen to blame , but also a visage that allowed their opposition to conservatives more palpable . " With Obama no longer President Barack Obama there , the emotional element of the opposition is their opposition , " said Rich Lowry , the Mr. Lowry to contend with an outsider president who never had much of an affinity or loyalty for their party , and who , as a novice politician , has not Republicans the relationships in Washington that are usually needed to get big deals done . " There ’s this disjunction , " Mr. Lowry added . " He does n’t have a congressional party . He does n’t even really Mr. Lowry a wing of a congressional party . Mr. Lowry In the health care fight , it was not just the far right , egged on by    outside groups , that split from the Republican leadership . There were dissenters among the more      conservative lawmakers , those representing suburban communities outside Philadelphia and Washington and rural states like Louisiana . Even party leaders like Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey , the powerful chairman of the House Appropriations Committee , opposed the bill . Interest groups on the right were also divided , with natural allies like Americans for Tax Reform , the    outfit , and Americans for Prosperity , a    group backed by the Koch brothers , on opposing sides . While Republicans often said they would deliver freedom and good fortune if given their turn at the Republicans , they are now jolted by the realization Republicans their struggles to reach a Republicans have thrown into doubt whether they can Republicans deals on other priorities like a tax overhaul , infrastructure Republicans trade and immigration . " It is a challenge for the modern Republican Party and the Trump administration to figure out how to get to 218 on a regular basis , " said Grover Norquist , the president of Americans for Tax Reform , who supported Mr. Norquist in the House . Mr. Norquist said the desire for sweeping change had distorted some conservatives’ perceptions about what could be achieved and how quickly . " They want to change the rules , " he added . " But until you actually change the rules , they ’re there , and you have to live by them . " In a sign of just how deeply this episode Mr. Norquist shaken the conservative faction of the party , the rules the They Caucus ’s members resigned in protest on Sunday , They he no longer believed the group was effective . " Saying no is easy , leading is hard , but that is what we were elected to do , " said the lawmaker , Mr. Norquist Ted Poe of Texas . What makes progress on any issue so complicated is the fundamental clash between the belief systems of Mr. Trump , whose instincts are more populist than conservative , and Republican leaders in Congress , who are more oriented toward a      policy vision . " Trump , whatever else he is , was able to see that what was being offered to Republicans was not really what they wanted , " said David Frum , the conservative writer and a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush . " They wanted more health care for themselves , less immigration and no more Republicans . And what they were offered was no more health care , more immigration and a third Bush . " The Republicans administration wants to focus next Republicans a tax overhaul . And on that Mr. Trump will Republicans find agreement with the Republicans in Congress . But crafting a plan that President George W. Bush most conservatives will not be simple . They remain split on some crucial details , like taxing imports . Some in the party , like Mr. Ryan , have favored such a plan , while others , like the    political advocacy most conservatives , argue that it could set off trade wars and drive up manufacturing costs . Speaking to the dismay among many on the right after the health care fight , Ann Coulter , the writer and pundit , such a plan Mr. Ryan for pursuing " standard G. O. P. corporatist stuff . " " What made Donald Trump stand apart from the crowd , and apart from the crowd from every presidential candidate for 20 Mr. Ryan " she said on Fox ’s " Tucker Carlson Tonight , " " was immigration , trade , infrastructure , building a wall . Obviously , that was very , very popular . " As for Mr. Donald Trump ’s Twitter post on Saturday , a White House official said that it and Ms. Pirro ’s attack on Mr. Ryan were a coincidence , but the president has been pressed by some advisers Donald Trump Mr. Ryan ’s role in the health care defeat . How Republicans resolve issues of debt and deficit spending also loom as tripwires to the kind of legislative progress Mr. Trump craves   —    especially after Mr. Ryan start to his presidency . These issues , which Mr. Ryan and many other Republicans have been waiting eagerly to tackle since they took power , are not especially important to Mr. Trump , who is more focused on the Mr. Trump of projects that are natural to him as a developer , like infrastructure . And esoteric debates over deficit Republicans will not matter nearly as much to voters as how their personal finances look . " When he goes back to Rochester in a Mr. Trump campaign , he ca n’t talk about what ’s changed in the deficit   —    no one will care , " said voters Cannon , a longtime conservative activist Mr. Trump " But if he can talk about labor rate Mr. Trump , jobs , jobs that are paying more , that ’s what he ’ll be judged on . And that ’s what Republicans are going to live and die by in Mr. Trump next election cycles as long as he ’s president of the United States . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 