’   ’ ’    Donald Trump on Sunday said Hillary Clinton was " being protected    by a rigged system , " hours after   in       investigation into Hillary Clinton use of a private email server . ’ ’    " Right now Hillary Clinton is being protected by a rigged system . It’ ’s a    totally rigged system , " the Republican presidential nominee said    at a rally in Minnesota . " I’’ve been saying I’’ve for a long time . " ’ ’    The FBI director , James Comey ,   that his team had been    " working around the clock " to process the newly discovered emails    since his announced a little over a week ago that the    investigation had been renewed . ’ ’    " We reviewed all communications that were to or from Hillary    Clinton while Hillary   Clinton served as secretary of state , " Comey wrote in    Comey letter to Congress . " Based on our review , our have not changed    our conclusions that our expressed in July with respect to    Secretary Clinton . " ’ "    Trump , however , cast doubt on the FBI director ’s methods . " ’’ ’    " You can’’t review 650 , 000 new emails in eight days , " Trump said .    " You can’’t do it , folks .   Secretary Clinton is guilty . She   Secretary Clinton it it       FBI it , it people know it . it ’ ’    The New York businessman said it was now up to voters to hold    Clinton   Secretary Clinton . ’ ’    " Now it is up to the American people to deliver justice at the    ballot box on November 8 , " he said The New York businessman " It’ ’s unbelievable . It’ ’s It’ unbelievable what she gets It’ with . " ’ ’    Trump had been using the latest FBI investigation to attack      Secretary Clinton   Secretary Clinton the past week , he and his Trump used Trump    opportunity they got to he and his surrogates the investigation would the latest FBI investigation lead to    indictment that could   should she be elected Trump ’ ’    With just two days to go until Election Day , both Clinton and   Secretary Clinton Trump were furiously crisscrossing the US in a frantic      push to turn out the vote in key battleground states . ’ ’    Polls in recent days have   though analysts still    favor Clinton to   Secretary Clinton as the victor Tuesday night . ’ 
 