  ( CNN ) When I was diagnosed with breast cancer on December 1 , 2011 , I did n’t know what would come next , but I knew breast cancer was n’t going to be easy . I feel the same way now , the morning after Republicans in the House of Representatives conspired with our President to destroy critical health care protections that are my lifeline , and that of millions of my fellow Americans . Some of them did n’t even read the bill for which Some of them voted . Such was Some of them inhuman detachment from the reality of its likely consequences . Perhaps some of what I learned about surviving cancer will help those of you now afraid of losing your access to lifesaving treatment . Spoiler : I lived . When news broke that the American Health Care Act had passed the House by less than five votes , the American Health Care Act aired with footage of that bizarre Rose Garden party at which lawmakers and President Donald Trump , pretty much all older white men , gathered with cases of Bud Light to party . Some reports have Some reports    before the vote , getting pumped up by listening to " Takin’ Care of Business " and the theme from " Rocky . "   Seriously , who does those things before or after stealing health care from 24 million people ? Like so much of these past 100 days of the new presidency , had it been fiction , a sharp editor would ’ve sent it back for rewrite     too grotesque , too     weird . The frat party footage rolled . " Hold my beer , " you can imagine one of those lawmakers in the Rose Garden saying , as Twitter and Facebook and Snapchat and our phone texts exploded with loved ones realizing they , they moms and dads , they babies and grandparents , may suddenly be in mortal danger . But even in that White House garden where all those men stood , the soil yields diverse colors of flowers , crawling vines and shrubs , and even the random weed that manages to sprout . Even there , with the beer , we are reminded that the diversity of genes makes living organisms strong . The diversity of America makes us strong . During my treatment , I learned that people like to speak of cancer as a battle . It is not . It is a disease of cellular biology , a progressive one , that strikes without warning and seemingly without logic . My National Institutes of    oncologist helped me understand that this was n’t a foreign terrorist enemy , so to speak , but my own native cells gone haywire . Like Congress . That shared body of representatives has one common job , to represent the    of our human American lives . How could they take an action that is so clearly against the most basic human interest , of remaining alive ? I felt that same sense of betrayal about my body ’s own rogue cells . I needed chemotherapy , surgery , and radiation . In my opinion , those heartless congressmen need tough medicine , too . And those heartless congressmen need to start looking for new jobs . The idea of being thrown back into a world where people can be denied coverage because of    conditions strikes a terror inside me that is not abstract . I lived that fear and I know those determinations can have    consequences . I was first diagnosed before Obamacare , and I had only purchased my policy a few months beforehand . Insurance was expensive , my income limited , and I did n’t consider me at risk . I was a    bicycling vegan health nut who neither drank nor smoked , meditated regularly and did all the perfect things I ’d learned to do to prevent cancer . I did n’t understand that you do n’t get cancer because you ’ve been bad     it ’s just a lightning strike . But when I began chemo , my insurance company opened a fraud investigation because a fraud investigation thought I might ’ve hidden my cancer as a    condition . I know , it sounds pretty nutty . Had a fraud investigation guilty ( I was n’t and it did n’t ) my a fraud investigation would ’ve ended immediately . In those years , women with    conditions were routinely denied lifesaving breast cancer treatment unless they could come up with women with   conditions impossible amount of money it took to pay directly . Until 2012 , much of the dark humor in our waiting rooms was about how only rich people in America could afford to get cancer .   Before Obamacare , some of the cancer medications I had to take were hundreds of dollars a pill . All of that changed in the middle of my initial treatment course when the Affordable Care Act went into effect . Now my prescription refills were $ 20 instead of $ 800 . Mercifully lifted was the familiar and    fear that my access to what keeps me alive would be taken away right when I needed it most , and I my prescription refills die .   For me , cancer was never a battle cancer But surviving the dehumanizing labyrinth of medical care before Obamacare was .   And what we have before us now , yes , we is a battle , too . A fight for the body and soul of America     my own , and yours , everyone you love . This is not health care . This is life care . This do n’t get to we the body we are born into , we the cells that exist within us . Some may be we , others healthy . We do n’t get to we the country we are born into , we even though many of us voted , I did we choose this president . None of that matters . We now have a diagnosis we We all share it . we the cure is an inclusive process to create a truly functional and representative system of universal health care for all human beings in America . Bring in the doctors , the nurses , the patients , the insurers , the scientists , the women with metastatic cancer , the researchers whose funding has been cut and whose innovations we desperately need to find a cure . Let every voice be heard . Let it be in the sunlight . Let the work be checked     and read by all the legislators who have power over us . We need a    approach to us care that honors the words of our forefathers . Every American is entitled to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . You ca n’t get to liberty or happiness without your life .   Folks like to tell us cancer patients a lot about us prayer and positive thinking can cure cancer . I prayed . God answered my prayers . He told me to get my God to the hospital and keep showing up and doing what my doctors told me . It all hurts , still , five years later . The financial wreckage is still real , and I ’m still cleaning it up . But I ’m The financial wreckage and grateful . This ’m the version of positive thinking cancer taught me . Reality matters . You are either telling the whole truth or you are lying . I either have an accurate diagnosis and a careful ,    course of treatment , backed by science and concern , or I will die painfully . The chemotherapy destroyed my veins so thoroughly that we must now take all draws from the back of my writing hand . The hole in that hand is now a scar my writing hand pain in that hand informs my writing . I my writing hand grateful to be alive , and to be one of the many millions of cancer patients in America who still have a living story to tell . Please listen to us . We have gone where you do not want us go . We survived life before Obamacare . You should us have to . In cancer , and in this political moment , time is of the essence , America . 
 America 