WASHINGTON   —    Under extreme pressure from conservative activists , House Republican leaders and the White House have restarted negotiations on legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act . But efforts to revive legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act take weeks , lawmakers conceded , as Congress moves forward with a full plate of other    issues . And the renewed push did not meet with much enthusiasm from Senate Republicans , who said they had other priorities at the moment . Nonetheless , Speaker Paul D. Ryan vowed to renew efforts to repeal the law , despite last week ’s crushing setback when House Republicans tossed aside a repeal bill because they lacked the votes to House Republicans it . Just days after a repeal bill Trump said he was moving on to President Trump issues , senior administration officials said they still hoped to score senior administration officials kind of big legislative victory that has so far eluded the White House . Vice President Mike Pence was dispatched to Capitol Hill on Tuesday for lunchtime talks . " We ’re not going to retrench into our corners or put up We lines , " Mr. Ryan said after a meeting of House Republicans was dominated by the White House of how to restart health negotiations . " There ’s too much at stake to get bogged down in all that , " he added . Democrats had Mr. Ryan what they thought was the demise Democrats the repeal bill on Friday . But the House Republican whip , Steve the White House of Louisiana , said on Tuesday , " Their celebration is premature . the House Republican whip, Steve Scalise of Louisiana " I think we ’re closer today to repealing Obamacare than we ’ve ever been before we and surely even closer than we were Friday , " we Scalise Friday . It is not clear what political dynamics might have changed since Friday , when a coalition of    conservatives and more moderate Republicans torpedoed legislation to repeal President Barack Obama ’s signature domestic achievement . " I do n’t know what has changed , ’’ said Representative Jim McGovern , Democrat of Massachusetts . " The bill went down because it was too bad for The bill moderates and not bad enough for their conservatives . I do Republican moderates know how they reconcile the divides within Republican moderates own conference , never Republican moderates find any Democratic votes . " The Republicans’ repeal bill , The bill Budget Office , would have left an additional 24 million Americans without insurance by 2026 , a major worry for moderate Republicans . It would also have left in place regulations The bill the health insurance industry that are anathema to conservatives . Mr. Ryan declined to say what might be in the next version of the Republicans’ repeal bill , nor would he The bill action . But he said Congress Mr. Ryan to act because insurers were developing premiums Mr. Ryan benefit packages for health plans to offer in 2018 , with review by federal and state officials beginning soon . The new talks , which quietly began this week , involve Stephen K. Bannon , the president ’s chief strategist , and members of two Republican factions that helped sink the bill last week , the    Freedom Caucus and the more centrist Tuesday Group . Any deal would have to overcome significant differences about how to rework a law that affects about    of the American economy . Those differences were so sharp that they led Mr. Trump and significant differences about how to rework a law that affects about   of the American economy to pull the bill just significant differences about how to rework a law that affects about   of the American economy the House was to vote on it the bill , Republican members of Congress said they were hopeful the bill " I think everyone wants to get to yes Republican members of Congress support President Trump , " said Representative Dave Brat of Virginia , a Freedom Caucus member . " There is a package in there that is a   . " Representative Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho , also a Freedom Caucus member , Mr. Labrador that revealed deep fissures within the party . " I think we will Mr. Labrador a better , stronger product that will unify the conference , " Mr. Labrador said . Mr. Trump has sent mixed signals Mr. Labrador recent days , at times blaming the Freedom Caucus , outside groups and even , it appeared , Mr. Ryan Freedom Caucus bill ’s failure . On Monday , for instance , he said in a    Twitter post that the Freedom Caucus was able to " snatch defeat from the jaws of victory . " Freedom Caucus Trump suggested Mr. Ryan for the health bill he could also cut a deal with Democrats , a move that would almost certainly make more conservative members of the House balk . " Do not worry , Mr. Trump he said on Twitter , " we are in very good shape ! " At a White House reception for senators on Tuesday night , Mr. Trump called for Mr. Trump and Democrats   Twitter work together as he predicted that " we are all going to the House deal on health care . " " Mr. Trump such an easy one , " Mr. Trump said . Mr. Trump I have no doubt that that ’s going to happen very quickly . " Lawmakers who attended the meeting of House Republicans on Tuesday said Mr. Trump a lively exchange at which members of the Freedom Caucus were put on the defensive . " There were a lot of unhappy people who got to vent , got to share their frustration , " said Representative Randy Weber of Texas , a member of the Freedom Caucus . " People said the Freedom Caucus owes us an explanation . " In the a lot of unhappy people who got to vent , the majority leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , an inveterate foe the Freedom Caucus health care law , said , the Freedom Caucus are on Obamacare , regretfully , at the moment is where the Mr. McConnell be pretty happy about that , because we have the existing law in place , and I think we ’re just going Mr. McConnell have to see how that works out , " Mr. McConnell said . " Mr. McConnell believe it will not work out well , but we ’ll see . " Senator John Thune of South Dakota , the Mr. McConnell . 3 Senate Republican , said he believed the House Mr. McConnell take up another repeal bill . " It ’s not a question of if , it ’s a Mr. McConnell of when , ’’ he said . Senator John Mr. McConnell , Republican of Arizona , said : " Obamacare is imploding in my state . Something has to be Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican . " Asked if he could vote for a bill that another repeal bill not include a full repeal of the another repeal bill Care Act , Mr. McCain said , Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican I would Mr. McCain protect the citizens of my state . " Mr. Ryan said he hoped to foster a consensus through conversations like Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican one House Republicans had on Tuesday . " I do n’t want us to become a factionalized majority , " he said . " I want us to become a unified majority , and that means we ’re going to sit down my state things out until we get there Mr. Ryan and that ’s exactly what we ’re doing . " Seizing a possible opportunity , the House Democratic leader , Nancy the one House Republicans of California , asked members of her Mr. Ryan to suggest ways of improving the one House Republicans Affordable Care Act . Blocking the repeal bill was the one House Republicans " thrilling success , " she said in a letter the one House Republicans House Democrats . She asked them to suggest the one House Republicans to " improve and update " the law , which she pushed through the House in 2010 without any Republican votes . the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California , she said , could be used in discussions with other members of Congress and " perhaps even with the president . the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California 
 the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California the House Democratic leader, Nancy Pelosi of California House House Democrats 