’   ’ "    On Thursday , the    movement will face the   movement ’s latest test   —      this one in Big Sky Country . " "    Rob Quist , a locally famous bluegrass musician running on the    Democratic ticket , is facing off against a multimillionaire tech    company founder , Republican Greg Gianforte , in the race for    Montana ’s sole House of Representatives seat , which was vacated    in March when President Donald Trump tapped Ryan Zinke to be    secretary of the interior . " ’    Like two other special elections in conservative districts in    Kansas and Georgia , the Montana race has drawn outsize national    money and attention and is looking to be competitive . ’ ’    It would be easy to write off Montana as infertile ground for the    resistance   —    Trump swept Montana by 20 points in November   —    but    it    a strong independent streak and is currently led by a    Democratic governor and senator . ’ "    Both parties are looking at the Montana Montana as a harbinger of       ’s to come   —    particularly in predominantly white , rural    communities .   " ’    " Win or lose , if Quist can make this the Montana race , it’’ll mean that    a lot of    Republicans    be highly vulnerable in next    year’ ’s midterms , " David Nir , political director of the liberal    website Daily Kos , told Business Insider . ’ ’    Like much of the country , Montana is suffering from unusually    deep political divides . Don Pogreba , a high school teacher and    liberal blogger from Helena , Montana , Montana Business Insider Business Insider he’ ’s been surprised by the " nastiness " characterizing state    politics today . ’ ’    " I saw the other day some people were protesting at the capital    and they were holding some people ’’ traitor Tester ’’ signs and there was the    speaker of the House in Montana , who’ ’s a Republican , standing    there with them , " Pogreba said , referring to Montana’ ’s Democratic    senator , Jon Tester . ’ ’    " I don’’t think that you would have seen that 10 or 15 years ago , "    he added . don’’t ’   ’ ’    But Pogreba said many Pogreba harbor a " healthy degree of    skepticism " of the new administration , which some saw as simply a    more attractive alternative to Democratic presidential nominee    Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    " Montana is probably trending a little conservative from it’ ’s    purple status , " he said , Montana but I think that the margin Trump won    by in November was to some extent driven by      sentiment more than huge enthusiasm for Trump . " Trump ’    Responding to this    sentiment , Quist has welcomed    Bernie Sanders , the senator from Vermont who ran against Clinton    for the Democratic presidential nomination . Sanders won the   Bernie Sanders primary in Montana and retains widespread support among    progressives , independents , and Republicans who lean libertarian .    Signaling his distance from   Bernie Sanders Democratic establishment , Quist    also   an offer from Democratic National Committee chair    Tom Perez to campaign with him . ’   Bernie Sanders    Last weekend , Sanders flew out   Bernie Sanders stump with Quist , drawing Quist    energetic crowds across the state just days before the election . ’ "    Joel Fassbinder , the president of Montana ’s union of professional    firefighters , which endorsed Quist , said Quist    many of his    members   Bernie Sanders who were evenly split between Clinton and Trump last    fall ,    Quist ’s apparent independence . " ’    " We’’re not seeing him beholden to We’’re party , " Fassbinder told    Business Insider . " That really resonates with our membership ,    whether they’’re Democrat or Republican . They just like they’’re Democrat or Republican    who’ ’s gon na have spine and do the right thing . " ’ ’    Rachel    executive director of   told Business    Insider that many of Montana’ ’s young voters , over half of whom    identify as independents , largely embrace " populist , progressive    values . " ’ ’    While Quist is framing himself as a Quist outsider , Gianforte has    allied himself closely with Gianforte Trump administration   —    he    campaigned Gianforte the state with Vice President Mike Pence ,    Zinke , and Donald Trump Jr. who also joined him on a Gianforte dog    hunt . ’ ’    " This election is about is Montana gon na send somebody who’ ’s    going to work with Donald Trump and be a strong voice for    Montana ? " Gianforte told Business Insider . " Or is Montana gon na Montana send someone who’ ’s gon who’ fall in lockstep behind Nancy Pelosi ? " ’ "    While Trump ’s backing Donald Trump likely strengthen Gianforte ’s support Gianforte with the state ’s Republican base , some argue the move has lost    him votes       skeptics . Donald Trump ’    " I don’’t think a lot of people like the idea of the      from back east running for our seat , " Pogreba    said . " And then to have another    from back east    put on his brand new    clothes to go shoot prairie dogs   —    I    don’’t think it don’’t very don’’t . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Gianforte , who became a billionaire after selling his software    company   in 2011 , has framed himself as a his engineer who will boost job growth in the state , while Quist has    sold himself as a his son of a rancher who will protect    average Montanans . ’ "    But to critics , Gianforte , 56 Quist looking out for    fellow millionaires . " ’    To Gianforte’ ’s camp , Quist is a    musician   —    a    "   hippie "   —    who will conform to the Democratic party    line   —    " Nancy Pelosi in a cowboy hat , " Gianforte calls him . ’ ’    " In all honesty , I think he’ ’s more of a Nancy Pelosi in a cowboy hat , " Jason Hodges , a    Montana State University student and leader of the state’ ’s    college Republicans , said of Quist . ’ "    Quist has campaigned heavily on his pledge to protect the    Affordable Care Act , which Quist Quist the state ,    Quist among rural and older communities , which would    likely be hurt by the GOP ’s American Health Care Act . " ’    Sanders doubled down on the issue while campaigning with Quist    last weekend . ’ ’    " Rob and I are going to do everything we Quist bury that    horrific , disgusting piece of legislation that passed two weeks    ago , " Sanders said of the AHCA , according to   ’ "    Gianforte has done his best to drive Sanders wedge between himself and    Quist on what is perhaps the Democratic Party ’s   Gianforte weakness    in the state     Gianforte    gun rights . He ’s attacked a statement Quist made    about establishing a gun registry for automatic weapons ( which      Gianforte has walked back )   Quist the fact that he has n’t bought    a hunting or fishing   Quist   Quist years , and rarely misses an      Gianforte to bring up Quist ’s F rating from the National Rifle    Association . " "    Quist    to Quist    allegations Quist in which    he shoots a Quist    ( playing an )    with an old rifle on his family ’s Quist    . " ’ ’ ’    Gianforte shot back Gianforte   in    which he targets a Gianforte showing the national gun registry he    says Gianforte advocate Quist    . ’ ’ ’ ’    Illustrating Montana’ ’s deep attachment to the Second Amendment ,    the Libertarian candidate , Mark Wicks , has   that the right to bear arms is " more important than    the Constitution . " ’ ’    ’ ’    needs to Fassbinder he’’ll Quist    from Democratic    Party orthodoxy on gun issues in order to find widespread support    among firefighters , who are targets of Republican    " fearmongering . " ’ ’    " Sometimes there are really tough conversations to be had in the    firehouse , just to assure them that nobody’ ’s coming after their    guns , " Fassbinder said , adding , Fassbinder Holy cow , they all thought    really tough conversations to be had in the   firehouse Obama was gon na take really tough conversations to be had in the   firehouse guns away and he was the    president who actually allowed them to really tough conversations to be had in the   firehouse in national    parks . " ’ ’    Luckily for Quist , Barack Obama view a looser approach to gun    their guns as a small price to pay to broaden appeal in a staunchly Quist state like Montana . ’ Montana    Judging by the amount of money national Republican groups have    sent to Montana , it Montana seem they ’re somewhat worried . As of      the Republican National Committee had spent $ 4 . 7 million    on the race   — national Republican groups a remarkable amount for a House race in a state    where advertising is cheap   —    while national Democratic groups    have spent under $ 1 million . " "    The DNC ’s relatively meager financial support has frustrated many    Democratic activists , which , in turn , has helped boost grassroots    donations to Quist ’s campaign , which raised $ 2 . 4 million between    the beginning of April and May 5   —    Quist outpacing Gianforte , who    raised $ 1 . 6 million in the same period , $ 1 million of which was a    loan from the candidate . " "    Last week , Quist announced he had raised Quist    $ Quist    million    throughout the course of the campaign . The average donation sum    to Quist ’s campaign is $ 25 . " ’    Voter turnout is a cause of concern , particularly for Democrats ,    Quist to pass a    ballot bill , which would have    allowed counties to collect ballots without physical polling    stations , was crushed by Republicans in March . ’ ’    While it’ ’ ’       balloting would have helped    Quist , the state Republican Party chairman   prior to the vote that the bill would have    advantaged Democrats who can " organize large numbers Quist unpaid    college students and members of public employee unions to gather    ballots by going door to door . " ’ "      added that the special election ’s timing   —    on a    Thursday in the spring   —    is unusual , and that most college    students in Montana are already on summer break   — Montana both factors    that might depress voter turnout . " ’    While a    poll conducted by Democrats showed    Gianforte with 44 % of the vote and Quist with 38 % more recent    polling has Quist catching up with his opponent . Quist      Gianforte Sara Quist    , a political science professor Quist the University of    Montana , says Montana voters are hard   Montana . ’ ’ Montana " It could go any way , that’ ’s just how Montana is , " she said . ’ ’On Montana , the    movement will face . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 that’ 