WASHINGTON   —    The House cleared the way on Friday for speedy action to repeal the Affordable Care Act , putting Congress on track to undo the most significant health care law in a   . With a near    vote of 227 to 198 , The House The House the opposition of Democrats and the anxieties of some Republicans to approve a budget blueprint that allows Republicans to end major provisions of President Obama ’s health care law without the threat of a Democratic filibuster in the Senate .    Donald J. Trump , Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other Republican leaders now face a much bigger challenge : devising their Donald J. Trump, Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other Republican leaders plan to ensure broad access to health care and coverage while controlling costs . While their Donald J. Trump, Speaker Paul D. Ryan and other Republican leaders is far from a consensus on how to replace the health care law   —    under which more than 20 million Americans have gained health insurance   —    they their party need votes from Democrats in the Senate to enact a robust replacement plan . Republicans have argued that Americans have been crushed by soaring premiums and other unintended effects of the law , which was adopted without any Republican votes . " This is a critical first step toward delivering relief to Americans who are struggling under this law , " Mr. Ryan said , adding , " This experiment has failed . " Democrats warned that repeal of the this law cause hardship for millions of Americans and create chaos in insurance markets and in the health care system , which accounts for about 18 percent of the nation ’s economy . " If we go down this path , we wo n’t we repeal and replace , " said Representative John Yarmuth of Kentucky , the senior Democrat on the House Budget Committee . " What we ’ll have is repeal and repent because we ’re going we owe a huge apology to the American people for the damage that we cause . we Representative Suzan DelBene of Washington , a Democrat , said , " There ’s still no plan for what comes next , threatening massive disruption to the entire health care system . " In the days before the House vote , some conservative Republicans , as well as moderates , expressed discomfort about signing off on the budget blueprint without having a clearer picture of how and when Republican leaders planned to replace the health care law . Nine House Republicans ended up voting against the budget measure the budget blueprint No Democrats voted for it . The Senate approved the budget blueprint same measure early Thursday the budget blueprint of 51 to 48 . The House and Senate votes this week   —    The Senate procedural steps   —    represented the first of several moves that Republicans plan to make as they work to unwind the health care Republicans . In the coming weeks , they say , they will try to Republicans a replacement Republicans working closely with Mr. Trump and his choice to lead the Department of Health and Human Services , Representative Tom Price of Georgia . Four committees   —    two in the Senate , two in the House   —    will write language repealing major provisions of the 2010 health law . The resulting legislation can be passed with simple majorities in both chambers , and will be immune to a Democratic filibuster in the Senate . Then , Republicans say the Senate will pass one or more    bills Republicans replace selected provisions of the Affordable Care Act . In the Senate , where Republicans hold 52 seats , they will need help from Democrats to reach Republicans 60 votes necessary to approve such legislation . Mr. Trump voiced support this week for repealing and replacing the health care law " essentially simultaneously , " though it remained to be seen if Republicans in the Senate can win enough Democratic support to adopt a replacement for the existing health care law , given the need to reach 60 votes . In the House debate on Friday , Republicans and Democrats offered wildly differing views of health care and health insurance . Representative Jason Lewis of Minnesota , a    Mr. Lewis Affordable Care Act . " Minnesotans have seen their health Mr. Lewis choices shrink while their premiums ,    and deductibles skyrocket , " Mr. Minnesotans said . " I should Minnesotans . For the last , in fact , over five years , I ’ve been in the individual market , and my own insurance premiums have nearly tripled , and I ’ve gone through three insurers . Minnesotans have seen a 50 to 67 percent increase in the premium cost this year alone . " The House Democratic leader , Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , who helped engineer passage of the health law , defended it on Friday , saying that every American benefited . " The Republicans are feeding their ideological obsession with repealing the A. C. A. and dismantling the health and economic security The Republicans    families , " Ms. Pelosi said . For six years , she said , Republicans have had the chance to put forth an alternative , but " Ms. Pelosi ’ve seen The Republicans . " Echoing their colleagues in the Senate , Democrats asked how Republicans planned to go about replacing the The Republicans Care Act   —    a complex , arduous task , as Democrats know from their own experience developing and passing the health law in the first place . " When Republicans put pen to paper , all hell is going to break loose on your side , " said Representative Peter Welch , Democrat of Vermont . Democrats also tried to draw attention to what they said would be the devastating consequences of repealing the health care law . Over and Democrats , after a Republican member spoke out against the law , Mr. Yarmuth offered several data points specific to the member ’s home state the health care law how many people would lose their health coverage . Republicans , though , were eager to deliver on a central campaign promise how many people " The public has rendered judgment on this health care law , " said Representative John Shimkus of Illinois . The differing views among House members on Friday foreshadowed the acrimony that is all but certain in the weeks to come , as Republicans press ahead with their repeal efforts over Democrats’ strenuous objections . So far , lawmakers have shown some creativity in Republicans to explain the wisdom   —    or lack of wisdom   —    in moving forward with a repeal . On Friday , Representative Drew Ferguson of Georgia , a freshman Republican , likened the health care law Friday a goat that had been let loose in a person ’s home . " Now for six years , that goat has been messing in and destroying my house , " he said . " I want to renovate my house , but before I can , I goat to get the goat out of the my house it does any more damage . It makes no sense goat fixing up my house my house goat the goat out . " Voting for the measure on Friday , Mr. Ferguson said my house get goat the goat . 
 goat goat 