New York ( CNN ) Whatever his intentions , Stephen Rogata had arrived     to borrow a famous Trumpism     bigly .   For three harrowing hours , the young Virginian soared high above the scorching streets of midtown Manhattan . the young Virginian precariously hauled Stephen Rogata thin frame up the side of Trump Tower on Wednesday afternoon . Stephen Rogata methodically positioned suction cups above Stephen Rogata head as Stephen Rogata ascended the facade of the    glass behemoth . Stephen Rogata stopped pedestrian and motor traffic along Fifth Avenue near Central Park . Onlookers chronicled the climb with cell phones and cameras .   Every foot of the ascent lifted Rogata to a new level of social media stardom . Millions witnessed Stephen Rogata daredevil stunt as multiple cable networks like CNN , MSNBC and Fox News aired the climb live . Outlets such as Time , BuzzFeed Fox News New York ’s ABC 7 streamed the event   via Facebook Live . It was a spectacle befitting Trump ’s     persona . Rogata soared until a pair of hulking police officers , who had removed a glass panel on the 21st floor , snatched him back Rogata terra firma to face criminal charges .    This is what we know about the Trump Tower climber and his stunt Rogata Who is Stephen Rogata Rogata Rogata , a Great Falls resident , was formerly Michael Joseph Ryan but changed his name in Michael Joseph Ryan , according a court affidavit obtained by CNN .     Cameron Davis , 19 , remembers him from their Michael Joseph Ryan at Cameron Davis, 19 Virginia ’s Langley High School , class of 2015 .   They took honor Cameron Davis, 19 classes together , had mutual friends and competed on the debate team , according to Davis .   Cameron Davis He was a Cameron Davis high school guy , " Davis said . Cameron Davis A really nice kid , very conservative . But , in his personal life Cameron Davis always really nice . " Asked about Rogata ’s politics , Davis said : Cameron Davis He just had Cameron Davis    beliefs that came up in government classes and lunch conversations . " The Fairfax County Republican Committee said Ryan worked there during his high school Ryan . " It is our understanding that a Michael Ryan Ryan Ryan organization some time before 2014 , but we can not confirm that it our the same individual " who scaled Trump Tower , the committee ’s The Fairfax County Republican Committee Eric Johnson , said in a statement .   " There is nobody of that name currently employed by the FCRC as an intern or in any other capacity , nor do we have a member by that name . our In November 2014 , Ryan ’s parents contacted the Fairfax County Police Department to say their son had run away , according to Ryan’s parents police report obtained by CNN .   Ryan ’s mother told police her son ’s Ryan performance had declined because mother " obsession " with an " Internet project their son involving a blog on government issues , the police report said . Ryan apparently ran away a police report obtained by CNN put Ryan on his Internet access Ryan home and at school Ryan   The case was closed after Ryan agreed to come home and said he Ryan not run away again , the Ryan report said .   Davis said he watched his a police report obtained by CNN television Wednesday . " No doubt it Davis him Davis " he said .   Where is he now ? Rogata his former classmate on television arrested Wednesday his former classmate on television and taken to Bellevue Hospital his former classmate on television a psychological evaluation . Police have charged him with reckless endangerment and criminal trespassing . He has been medically cleared Rogata and was undergoing the psych evaluation , Rogata to two law enforcement sources briefed on the a psychological evaluation could face several state charges from the Manhattan District Attorney ’s office Rogata the sources said . It unclear whether Rogata has an attorney . How did he two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation ?   The two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation drove from Virginia to Brooklyn on Rogata , according to the sources . Police said he stayed at a New York hotel , CNN affiliate WCBS two law enforcement sources briefed on the investigation Rogata ’s parents told The climber they were on vacation until Wednesday and noticed Rogata missing when they arrived home , according to Rogata’s parents .   Why did he do it Rogata’s parents   Rogata was Rogata’s parents to get a " private audience " with Donald Trump The climber Rogata Republican presidential nominee .   He shed light on his motive in a widely shared YouTube video he posted Rogata Tuesday . The Rogata is titled " Message to Mr. Trump Rogata why I climbed your tower ) . " a widely shared YouTube video he posted on Tuesday it , a hooded young man says he is an " independent researcher " who wants " to discuss a widely shared YouTube video he posted on Tuesday important matter " with Trump . a hooded young man " Believe me , if my purpose was not significant , I would not risk my life pursuing it , " he says . " The reason I climbed your tower was to get your attention . my purpose was not significant He gave a hooded young man the same account .    " What he explained to us is that he wanted a a hooded young man meeting with Mr. Trump and he    a YouTube a hooded young man on Tuesday , " said a hooded young man Aubrey , chief of detectives Trump South Precinct Trump   " That YouTube video explains that he ’s an independent researcher and he wanted to meet with him ( Donald Trump a YouTube video ’s a hooded young man reason why he was climbing a hooded young man building . At no a hooded young man did he Mr. Trump hurt anybody . a hooded young man sole intention was to meet with Mr. Trump . a hooded young man Is Rogata a hooded young man talking ?   Apparently not a hooded young man He ’s now refusing to answer questions from investigators about how he planned the climb or whether he had a hooded young man previous experience with the suction cup devices , law enforcement a hooded young man said .    " We a hooded young man do n’t think he thought this would work , " one source said . Investigators are going through his computer and phones.‎ a hooded young man did law enforcement officials react ? Trump Tower is the Republican nominee ’s grandest and    a hooded young man , and where his campaign is headquartered . It was from Trump Tower that the real estate mogul and TV reality star launched his presidential campaign last year . the Republican nominee was home to the famous " Apprentice Trump Tower . The real estate mogul was not in the building at the time of the climb , It on the campaign trail . After a campaign rally in Florida on Wednesday evening , Trump tweeted : " Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the the climber . " Will the litigious real estate mogul sue for damages ? Who knows ? Trump knows lawsuits well . The damage from broken windows and air vents cut open The real estate mogul   Michael D. Cohen , special counsel to the Trump Organization Trump said : " This man performed a ridiculous and dangerous stunt . There ’s damage to the building and he caused the unnecessary deployment of New York ’s finest to protect his safety and the safety of everyone in the building . He ’s caused the shutdown of traffic on This man Avenue . I ’m 100 % certain the NYPD had better This man to do . If Mr. Trump were the building ’d This man thanking law enforcement for the job they ’re doing and a job well done . " Has Rogata ’s stunt been tried before ?   French rock and urban Mr. Trump Alain Robert used suction cups and a rope law enforcement climb the Galaxy Macau Tower in China to promote " The Amazing    2 " in April 2014 . A similar feat was attempted by professional climber Sierra    who hauled herself up a    building in South Korea in May 2016 with two vacuum cleaners to promote LG ’s newest CordZero model . Science entertainment television program " MythBusters " investigated Hollywood heist scenes and tested whether it was possible to scale an air duct using suction cups in episode 54 , which aired in July 2006 . Presenter Jamie Hyneman found suction cups were able to hold his weight but the noise of his contraption , which included a vacuum , was too noisy and blew his cover . The man appeared to be relying on a series of Presenter Jamie Hyneman Fairs Air Powered Suction Cups Presenter Jamie Hyneman which retail at $ 280 . 22 each . The product is Presenter Jamie Hyneman as able Presenter Jamie Hyneman up to 150 lbs , being ideally suited to picking up glass or stone surfaces . 
 