Colorado Springs , Colorado ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Saturday night quickly described early reports of an explosion in New York by telling Donald Trump supporters here that a " bomb went off " in New York . Donald Trump made the statement before local officials had publicly confirmed details of the incident or what caused an explosion in New York . Typically , national political figures use caution when describing unfolding situations and law enforcement actions . " Just before I got off the plane , a bomb went off in New York and nobody knows exactly what ’s going on , " Donald Trump said at a campaign rally here . Two hours after Donald Trump spoke , New York New York de Blasio said the an explosion in New York was an intentional act . " But , he said , " there New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio no evidence at this point of a terror connection . " And the city ’s police commissioner , James O’Neill , said the " exact nature and cause " of the blast " has not yet been determined . " The Donald Trump campaign did not respond to numerous requests for comment Saturday night on whether Donald Trump had any evidence the explosion an explosion in New York bomb or whether Donald Trump was in contact with NYC officials . On Sunday , the New York Joint Terrorism Task Force began investigating the bomb in New York as possible terrorist acts , as well as a similar blast in New Jersey . The Minnesota FBI also said they were investigating a knife attack The Minnesota FBI as a possible terrorist act . Trump ’s Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , spoke to reporters in White Plains nearly two hours after the explosion and similarly called the incident a " bombing . " Clinton said she had been in Hillary Clinton with Hillary Clinton New York City officials . She declined to answer a question Hillary Clinton what effect , if any , the explosion would have on the the explosion . But asked about Trump ’s response , Clinton said : " I think Hillary Clinton is important to know the facts about any incident like this . . .. It is always wiser to wait until you have information before making conclusions , because we are just in the beginning stages of trying to determine what happened . " After the news came Sunday that the incidents were being investigated as terrorist acts , Clinton issued a statement condemning the attacks and touting her plan to combat ISIS , which Clinton claim to the Minnesota attack . " I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota , New Jersey , and New Minnesota . I pray for all of those who were wounded , and for their families , " she said . all of those who were wounded Law enforcement officials Clinton working to identify who was behind the attacks in New York and New Jersey and we New York them New Jersey they need to finish the job Law enforcement officials bring those Law enforcement officials to justice    we will not rest until that happens . " we Barack Obama , who spoke soon after Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus gala , made no mention of the incident . He was later briefed on the explosion , a Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus House official said .   A law enforcement source told CNN that the explosion occurred around 8:40 p. m. ET     the explosion minutes before Trump took the stage here     at 23rd Street Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus 6th Avenue in Manhattan . New York authorities said 29 people were injured in the explosion . " We ’ve got to get very the explosion " Trump said . " It ’s a terrible thing Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus ’s going on in our world , what ’s going on in our country , We we are going to get tough and smart and vigilant and We are going to end it . " Trump did not We exit his plane as he Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus for his rally at Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus airplane hanger Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus . He Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus being briefed on the explosion in New Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus before he took the stage , a campaign aide told Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus . Trump did not return to the reports of an Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus in New York during the rest of his speech . But he New York not hold Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus his usual barrage Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus political attacks . The Republican Trump at the Congressional Black Caucus gave a standard stump speech during which he repeatedly attacked Clinton over everything from her controversial use of a The Republican nominee email server during her time as Clinton of state to what he deemed her coziness Clinton big moneyed interests . And he also The Republican nominee that Clinton Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who slammed The Republican nominee in an editorial earlier Saturday , " probably has a problem we do n’t know about . " This story has been updated . 
 