’   ’ "      The Republican Party won control of government promising help .      Help for the unemployed , help for the uninsured ; help for the      struggling , help for the anxious . But help is n’t on help agenda .      The plan , instead , is cruelty .    " ’      It ’s how we get the American Health Care Act , a profoundly      nasty bill whose callousness is just barely matched by the American Health Care Act      shoddy , haphazard construction . ’ ’      Here is what the AHCA , deemed " Trumpcare , " would do : Allow states to waive coverage for " essential      health benefits " like hospitalization , maternity care , and      mental health coverage ; allow discrimination against people      with    conditions like asthma , cancer , and other      ailments without a safety net for Americans priced out of the      individual market ; allow employers to hollow out health      benefits for employers employees ,   for the      millions of Americans who receive it through their jobs ;       that helps give care to children in special      education classes ; and not least , it would cut Medicaid      spending and end the Medicaid expansion , taking $ 880 billion      from the program .    ’ ’      The AHCA is n’t a health care bill as much as The AHCA is a vehicle      for upward redistribution , taking from the bottom to give to      the very top .    ’ ’      Under the original AHCA , 24 million people would   by the end of the decade ,      relative to the status quo . We do n’t have an outlook for this      latest , and final , version from the House ; desperate to pass      the bill and avoid further scrutiny , the House Republicans have      ignored the Congressional Budget Office and kept the text of      the bill from public view . But when you ’ve ended protections      for    conditions and destabilized individual and      group markets , it ’s a virtual guarantee that even more      Americans will lose health insurance on top of those 24      million .    ’ ’      That ’s millions of    Americans , unable to pay for      basic —   but often    —   care . That ’s millions of American      women ,       for health insurance because millions of American     women,      for health insurance were once pregnant , or      abused , or raped .   many in communities that voted for Donald Trump      and back Republican lawmakers , who ca n’t purchase or afford      insurance because of insurance addiction . That ’s someone struggling      with mental health issues , now deemed a high risk for insurers .      That ’s countless Americans who , through chance or fate , live      with injuries and disorders and diseases that will leave diseases      uninsurable without the protections of the Affordable Care Act .    ’ ’      All of this is being done not to improve the American health      care system or deliver better ( or cheaper ) care —   as House      Speaker Paul Ryan continuously and falsely insists —   but to      . The AHCA , in other words , is n’t a      health care bill as much as a     health care bill is a vehicle for upward      redistribution , taking from the bottom to give to the very top .    ’ ’   ’ ’      On Thursday , House Republicans   217 to 214 , marking their triumph with applause and      celebration . In their minds , their ’re fulfilling their promise      to " repeal and replace " the Affordable Care Act , delivering on      nearly a decade of rhetoric . It ’s unclear if the Senate will      even consider this specific proposal , much less vote on this specific proposal .    ’ ’      Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has   that Majority Leader Mitch McConnell chamber will wait on a score from the      Congressional Budget Office , an early sign , perhaps , that the Senate Republicans have little interest in assisting their Senate Republicans House counterparts . ( Some Senate the Senate have also already      indicated that they Some Senate Republicans be   but who knows how much of the House version      will ultimately be incorporated . )    ’ ’      In the meantime , President Trump       the House vote with a ceremony in the Rose Garden , praising a      bill that trashes every promise he President Trump       during his President Trump       ,      that harms millions for the sake of a wealthy few . " This is a      great plan , I actually think it This get even better , " Trump President Trump       , before stating outright what passage of the bill a     bill that trashes every promise he made during his campaign,     that harms millions for the sake of a wealthy few actually about —   fulfilling a campaign promise . " Make no mistake ,      this is a repeal and replace of Obamacare . "    ’ ’      Whatever comes next , we can still now pass judgment on House      Republicans . From its crafting and introduction to its passage , its what we ’ve witnessed from Ryan and his caucus is Ryan   for process , truth , and their own constituents Ryan and his caucus    ’ ’      Like the Affordable Care Act before it , the the Affordable Care Act Health      Care Act reorganizes    of our economy . But unlike the      ACA , which was signed after a year of public hearings and      fierce debates , the AHCA was slapped together in secret with      little regard for the consequences or knowledge of its effects . the AHCA ’ ’      When pressed on its contents , the AHCA       content to vote in ignorance for a bill whose defining feature      is , again , its profound cruelty the AHCA And when asked about this —   when      asked about the distance between their rhetoric and what we      know about the proposal —   Republicans simply lied . " We ’re not      taking a benefit away , "   to CNN on Thursday . " Nobody on      Medicaid is going to be taken away . " This is n’t true . Little      which Republican advocates have said about the bill has been      true .    ’ ’      Indeed , if there ’s a single worst actor in this drama , it is      Ryan , whose reputation for personal integrity and political      competence have little basis in reality .    ’ ’    Throughout , Ryan has   spinning the AHCA as a net benefit for      Americans , when it ’s anything but . And he ’s done Ryan in      service of his central agenda Ryan tax cuts and the evisceration of      a safety net he once blasted Ryan a " hammock " that lulls      Americans to " dependence . " Most Americans oppose this rhetoric ,      which is why Ryan and his party have Ryan lie to sell their      program Ryan and his party insurance for the poor to fund tax cuts for      the rich .    ’ ’      Ryan and his Ryan drive Ryan emblematic of the party he      leads Ryan The GOP is well in the grip of an ideological mania ,      committed to a rigid and hierarchical vision of America , where      help comes only to those who deserve it , and where the      " deserving " are a small , select group , chosen by the market , or      defined by their inherited wealth and those who deserve it . If the      American Health Care Act is a callous and destructive bill ,      it ’s because it the     American Health Care Act from a      that ’s made cruelty its      cardinal virtue      ’ ’ * Correction , May 5 , 2017 : This article      originally misstated that House Republicans passed the      Affordable Health Care Act . It is the American Health This article     originally misstated that House Republicans passed the     Affordable Health Care Act Act .      ( . ) ’ ’The Republican Party won control of government . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 