Thursday on MSNBC ’s coverage of the Republican National Convention , Senator Al Franken ( ) declared the convention to be " the ugliest convention " Franken had ever seen and said the convention was " an extension of the candidate . "   Franken said , " This is the ugliest convention I ’ve ever seen and This ’s really an extension of the candidate , of the nominee . Here ’s a guy whose whole campaign started with ‘ Mexicans are rapists and drug dealers’ and ‘ John McCain ’s not a war hero because he ‘John McCain captured,’ and ‘ I saw on TV Muslims , thousands of Muslims in New Jersey cheering when the World Trade Center went down,’ and on and on . There ’s too much to chronicle and so it to chronicle probably not surprising that you see a convention in which there ’s so much spewing of hate —   ’lock her up , lock her up,’ and worse . A lot worse . You know , we will at our we I ’m sure say some stuff about Trump , but I ’m ’m , one , it will be all true and , two , there will be a lot more about Hillary and what she Hillary to do . " He Hillary , " And let me tell you , I ’ve known Hillary Hillary about 22 years . She Hillary the hardest working person I know . She Hillary   —    and I trust her Hillary do the job of the president of the United States . You know , what you just   —    we ’re talking about the NATO thing today . That ’s about a guy who does n’t know anything . that ’s a   —    he Hillary their nominee and he Hillary saying that if another NATO country is invaded he Hillary decide whether or not to fulfill our obligation to NATO NATO I ’ve gone on USO tours and I ’ve not only entertained for U. S. troops , I ’ve entertained for NATO troop s troops and this is an alliance that has put us in good stead the since World War II and this guy , she Hillary everyday , she Hillary comes unprepared , he this guy is unprepared . You ’ve seen the presidency up close , Andrea , you know how important it the presidency . You know the trust that you put in the president is that the the president do the job , will put in the work . This this guy n’t know what he ’s this guy . You ca n’t trust him at this guy . You can trust Hillary to do the job . the job 