Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump continued Donald Trump feud with Rep. John Lewis Tuesday , telling Fox News the civil rights icon is lying about not remembering that Donald Trump skipped past inaugurations . Rep. John Lewis " conveniently does n’t remember " and " got caught and it ’s pretty bad , " Donald Trump said . Donald Trump added that Donald Trump ’s fine if other congressmen do n’t want to attend because " we need seats so badly . " " John Lewis , he got John Lewis in a bad lie . Let ’s see what happens , " he told John Lewis News . " As far as other people not going , that ’s OK because we need seats so badly . I hope they give me their tickets they I will give them to they people . I hope they ’re they to give us their tickets they " Lewis said on NBC ’s " Meet The Press " last week that Trump ’s inauguration would be " the first one that I miss since I ’ve been in Congress . " He touched Lewis the public     with the    in the same interview , saying he was Lewis a " legitimate " president due to Russia ’s alleged meddling in the 2016 election . But it was later reported that Lewis did not attend George W. Bush ’s 2001 inauguration , either . " I can tell you that when I was at inaugurations , you do n’t forget something like that , " Trump said . " And it ’s making him look Trump . " A message left with Lewis’ office Tuesday night was not immediately returned . Trump ’s Trump evening follow similar ones he made earlier Trump the day . These Democrats are n’t attending Trump ’s inauguration Trump John Lewis said about my inauguration , ’It Trump’s inauguration the first one that I ’ve missed.’ WRONG ( or lie ) ! He boycotted Bush 43 also John Lewis he . .. ’thought it John Lewis be hypocritical to attend Bush ’s   . ... he does n’t believe Bush John Lewis the true elected Bush Sound familiar ! WP " Lewis’ announcement last week touched off waves of fellow House Democrats to also announce they would not be attending fellow House Democrats inauguration , and about four dozen are currently choosing not to go . 
 