’   ’ ’    A bipartisan group of senators is calling for Congress to    investigate recent reports of Russian interference in the    2016 election , which the CIA believes was done with the . ’ ’    A bipartisan group of senators urged lawmakers on Sunday to put party politics aside and join    forces to stop the " grave threats " of cyberattacks conducted by    foreign governments . ’ ’    " We have an obligation to inform the public about recent    cyberattacks that have cut to the heart of our free society , "    read the statement , issued jointly by Republican Sens . John    McCain and Lindsey Graham and Democratic Sens . Chuck Schumer    and Jack Reed . ’ ’    " Democrats and Republicans must work together , and across the    jurisdictional lines of the Congress , to examine these recent    incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive solutions to deter    and defend against further " their statement    continued . ’ ’       emerged on Friday that CIA Democrats and Republicans say    have    evidence proving Russian meddling to try to aid Trump’ ’s victory CIA officials    However , Trump cast doubt on the reported findings and insisted    the country " move on " from the election . ’ ’’ ’    " I think it’ ’s just another excuse . I don’’t believe it , "   in a Fox News interview on Sunday . ’ "    Trump has received an onslaught of criticism for his    perceived coziness with Trump Trump    Putin . On Saturday , NBC Trump reported   Rex Tillerson   —    an oil    executive with longstanding ties to Putin   —    to be his    administration ’s secretary of state . " ’    In their statement , Putin   group of senators said Friday’ ’s CIA    report " should the group of senators every American . " ’ ’    " This can not become a partisan issue , " the statement said . " The    stakes are too high for our country . their statement ’    " For years , foreign adversaries have directed cyberattacks at    America’ ’s physical , economic , and military infrastructure , while    stealing our intellectual property . Now our democratic    institutions have been targeted . Recent    of Russian    interference in our election should alarm every American . ’ ’    " Congress’ ’s national security committees have worked diligently    to address the complex challenge of cybersecurity , but recent    events show that more    be done .   While protecting    classified material ,    have an obligation to inform the public    about recent cyberattacks that have cut to the heart of our free    society . Democrats and Republicans must work together , and across    the jurisdictional lines    the Congress , to examine these recent    incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive solutions to deter    and defend against further   . ’ ’    " This can not become a    issue . The stakes are too high for    our country . We are committed to working in this bipartisan    manner , and we will seek to our our colleagues around the goal    of investigating and stopping the our threats that cyberattacks    our by foreign governments pose to our national security . " ’ 
 our 