" We are all in , " Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) told a packed room of California Republicans on Saturday afternoon , vowing to stop frontrunner Donald Trump in California on June 7 . [ " We are going to be competing for all of 172 delegates in California California all 53 congressional districts . It is going to be a battle on the ground , district , by district , by district . "   Cruz spoke the day after Trump Trump from John Kasich addressed the convention . With or without a strong performance in Indiana , a decisive stand in California California help him prevent Trump a decisive stand in California achieving a    overall majority   —    and move the Republican National Convention to a second ballot in July . " California California at a crossroads . California California going to decide this Republican primary . Who ’d a thunk it ? Year after year y’ all are used to being treated by Republicans like an ATM , to take your money and spend it in other your money . Well I can tell you right now , we ’re going to spend more money in California California we raise in we California " But for any of you that have your checkbooks handy I would be glad for you to prove me wrong , " he added , jokingly . Cruz commented that he has frequently he the question about why he named Carly he as his running mate he early in the presidential race . He declared that he would be the " first Californian on a national ticket since Ronald Reagan . " Describing his reason for he early pick Cruz said , Cruz I believe the people of California and the people of this country deserve a clear and simple choice . Elections are about choices , and I think the contrast could not be clearer between Carly and me   —    the one side , a positive , optimistic , forward looking , conservative campaign based on real policy solutions to the challenges facing this country , this country the other side , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . And Hillary Clinton and Donald Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump same coin Donald Trump Cruz ’s father Rafael spoke to Republicans at the San Bernardino Republican Party Central Committee meeting on Thursday , calling the    ticket a " a    ticket . " Every successful Republican presidential candidate since Calvin Coolidge has Fiorina 2010 , winning the Republican nomination , but losing in the blue state to incumbent Democrat Sen. Barbara Boxer . Cruz brought up news that he had released earlier that day detailing Trump donations to either state politicians Gov. Jerry Brown , Lt . Gov. Gavin Newsom and California Attorney Gen. Cruz Harris . " Now y’ all are experiencing first hand California consequences of those misguided liberal policies . " Speaking of his father California journey from Cuba to America and the American values of freedom and opportunity , Cruz added : " That ’s the mighty California spirit that built this state into such an incredible economic engine , that you have survived and thrived in the face of Democratic mismanagement year after California after year . " California holds its primary election on June 7 .     ballots are sent out in the weeks leading up to that date , starting May 9 . California , California and Cruz each held additional events during their time in the state before returning east . The Indiana primary is Tuesday , May 3 . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 California Trump, Kasich and Cruz 