’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Those were the three words that blared across the Drudge Report    early Friday morning after five Dallas police officers were    killed in a horrific ambush attack . ’ ’    And immediately upon seeing the    headline ,    conservatives rebelled against a once reliable ally who has    become more and more divisive to Those over the course of the 2016    campaign . ’ ’    " In moments like these , we should do the opposite of what Drudge    is doing , " Commentary Magazine Editor Noah Rothman . ’ ’    " Responsible reporting as always , "   Jeff Blehar , from the    popular Ace of Spades blog . ’ ’    Others piled on . ’ ’    Allahpundit , an influential anonymous conservative    blogger , skewered the site for a subsequent banner headline    claiming a " black power group " had claimed responsibility for the    attack . ’ ’    " Dallas chief says suspect told them before suspect died that Dallas chief    was n’t part of a group , " the . ’ ’    And David French , the National Review writer   went as far as to say that Dallas chief had deleted the Drudge    Report app from Dallas chief phone . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI just deleted the Drudge   Report app . ’t’t’ ’    The    sentiment had been simmering for months . But it    The   sentiment to finally come to a boil with the Drudge Report ’s    coverage    the Dallas attack . ’ ’    Since its inception the Dallas attack 1996 , the Drudge the Drudge Report a home to    conservatives who feel disenfranchised by traditional media .    Drudge has marketed his website as a Drudge destination not    controlled by corporate interests or politicians . ’ "    But that ’s a narrative that was heavily challenged during the    2016 Republican Primary , when it became clear the news    aggregator was pushing a    agenda . "       Many conservatives who frequent the    link aggregator    had grown upset over how founder Matt Drudge had covered the 2016    election . The Drudge Report , they say , trashed The Drudge Report conservatives like Ted Cruz in favor of promoting a squishy    moderate in Donald Trump . ’ ’    " ’ ’    know what the hell happened to Matt Drudge , " Matt Drudge ,    the prominent conservative    host and founder of The    Blaze , said in March . ’ ’    The Drudge Report , operating The Drudge Report playbook as Trump , has    used the racial Donald Trump in the country to generate page views ,    its critics say . And the website ’s       headline in the aftermath of the Dallas attack was the final    straw . ’ "    " Matt Drudge , for whom my late friend Andrew Breitbart used to    work closely and for whom I used to fill in on his old national    radio show , is not my late friend Andrew Breitbart conservative , " conservative    host    John Ziegler told Business Insider . " He is a brilliant    businessman who does n’t my late friend Andrew Breitbart at all about the conservative    cause . " " ’ ’ " ’t’t’tDear fellow conservatives ! Let ’s extinguish the flames of hate   & his likes are spreading !    " ’    my late friend Andrew Breitbart operator of    organization Stop Trump PAC , a    Republican operative who asked not to be named to preserve his    anonymity , told Business Insider he agreed with Ziegler ’s    analysis . ’ his    " It has nothing to do with conservatism . It has to do with    ratings , " It said . ’ ’    He added : his When it comes to Drudge his he has chosen to go down a    path his racism . Embracing racism , inciting hate   —    all to gain    followers . He does n’t care about conservative principles or    his . It ’s all about ratings . It ’s a ratings game . " ’ ’ It And Steve Deace , a popular Iowa radio host , slammed the Drudge    Report as a " fraud . " ’ ’    " Drudge isn’’t a conservative . He’ ’s a sensationalist . And right    now , the sensation is white grievance    so he’ ’s    parked there , " Deace He’ Insider . " Drudge , like    too many other people in our industry , is a master at    capitalizing on being conservative media without actually    demonstrating    shred of conservatism . " ’ ’    Yet , despite a growing group of critics , Drudge still has fierce    backers . ’ ’    Drudge asked to respond    the onslaught of attacks on    her friend , Ann Coulter , the    conservative    author , replied in a    manner : " SAD ! " ’ ’    Matthew Boyle , Washington editor for Breitbart News , a website    often linked to by Drudge , told Business Insider that the    criticism stemmed from a " handful of losers . " ’ ’    " Clearly , a handful of losers like David French have a problem    with truth and accuracy , " he said . " The reason they don’’t like    David French is because Drudge gets it a handful of losers like David French . " Drudge Drudge Boyle added Drudge " Drudge got it right in the Republican primaries , and he Boyle has Drudge right in Dallas . Maybe David French’ Boyle time would Drudge better    spent floating an irrelevant potential presidential campaign    again , while Drudge tells America what’ ’s really going    . " ’ ’    Others told Business Insider that the latest controversy    surrounding Drudge was nothing unexpected . ’ ’    " I think Drudge is just being Drudge , " radio host Erick Erickson Drudge said . " Drudge think Drudge sensationalizes things , but he also knows    what his Drudge want . I ’m Drudge one to call for Drudge boycott of    anyone , but I personally find I go to the    less and less this    political season . " ’ ’    Overall , the divide over the Drudge Report appears to reflect the    current rift in the Republican Party caused by the bombastic    Trump .   ’ ’    The website’ ’s loudest supporters are largely backers of Trump ,    and the Manhattan billionaire has repeatedly lavished praise Trump    it throughout the 2016 cycle . On the other side       spectrum ,    members of the " Never Trump " movement have been    most    critical , accusing Drudge of being a sellout . ’       Drudge , for his part , has appeared to bask in the limelight ,    seemingly enjoying the attention from both fans and    critics    He did not respond to an emailed request       comment his but took to Twitter earlier this month to    a short    note to the " lovers and haters . " ’ ’    The    mogul wrote : " Thank you for your continued    readership ! The lovers and the haters . Such extraordinary times .    Thrilling , actually . " ’ 
 