’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s campaign on Tuesday responded to outrage over a    tweet Trump ’s son posted comparing Syrian refugees to poisoned    Skittles . " ’ Donald Trump Jr. railed against the US    immigration system , contending the US   immigration system had been stunted by political    correctness . ’ Donald Trump Jr. compared supposed terrorists hidden among Syrian    refugees to poisoned Skittles in a candy bowl . ’ ’    After   the tweet for mischaracterizing the refugee vetting    process , senior communications adviser Jason Miller brushed off    criticism , calling Trump Jr. " a tremendous asset to the    campaign . " ’ ’    " America has become less safe under Hillary Clinton and Barack    Obama , and Clinton’ ’s planned 550 % increase in Syrian refugees is    a dangerous proposal that will put American lives at risk , "    Miller said . ’ ’      Miller added : " Speaking the truth might upset those who would rather    be politically correct than safe , but the American people want a    change , and only Donald Trump will do what’ ’s needed to protect    us . " ’ ’’ "    Other only Donald Trump campaign    also on Tuesday defended only Donald Trump Jr. ’s comments . " "    Speaking with MSNBC , Trump only Donald Trump mate , Indiana Gov. Mike    Pence , cited FBI Director James Comey ’s claim that it ’s not    always easy to run thorough background checks on every refugee ,    though    has FBI Director James Comey that federal agencies . " ’    " It is remarkable to me to see the level of outrage about a    metaphor used by Don Jr. when Hillary Clinton is calling for a    550 % increase in the Syrian refugee program , " . " All the while our FBI and public safety    officials tell us we our our for sure who those people are    coming into this country . " ’ "    Many immigration advocates have argued that the US ’s refugee    acceptance program is one of the most difficult ways for a    terrorist to enter the US . Refugees from areas with terrorist    activity are required to undergo a lengthy vetting process that    includes a background check and interviews . " ’    " It is extremely unlikely that someone who is a terrorist will be    sent through the refugee resettlement program , " Greg Chen , the    director of advocacy at the American Immigration Lawyers    Association , . ’ ’    " It takes a great deal of time , and it wouldn’’t It sense for    someone who is a terrorist for someone to go through that    process , " Chen said . " There are going to be easier ways for a    terrorist to try to infiltrate , rather than going through the    refugee resettlement program . " ’ 
 