  ( CNN ) As Democrats and some Republicans criticize President Donald Trump after the release of fired FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony , which alleges that President Donald Trump said over dinner , " I need loyalty , I expect loyalty , " one of the men President Donald Trump considered to replace fired FBI Director James Comey’s is revealing that no such request was made to fired FBI Director James Comey’s . President Donald Trump announced Wednesday that President Donald Trump would nominate Christopher A. Wray , the former assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice Department ’s criminal division , to succeed Comey . President Donald Trump previously said that former senator and Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Lieberman was one of former senator and Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Lieberman top choices , before Lieberman withdrew Lieberman name from consideration . On CNN ’s " Erin Burnett Outfront , " Lieberman was asked if President Donald Trump sought any form of a loyalty pledge during Trump sought any form of a loyalty pledge during their discussions, which occurred after Trump fired Comey discussions , which occurred after President Donald Trump fired Comey . Lieberman said , " I can say Lieberman did not make any demand like that at all . . .. In fact , you might say the contrary . " Analyzing Comey ’s prepared remarks , Lieberman pointed out that Comey testimony appears to validate Trump ’s claims that Comey Comey him Comey times that he Comey not the subject of an investigation . He Comey that " effectively means at least when Comey Comey involved , that there was not evidence that the President was involved in any potential collusion with Russia or anybody in his the President that assisted their interference in the his campaign " He Comey " the most serious allegation is the statement by Director Comey that the the President him essentially the President to pursue the investigation of Gen. Flynn , " but that " the President the President presume , will say that he never said the President like that . " Lieberman Comey that even if Comey ’s allegations the President true , he would not yet Comey’s it obstruction of justice even if Comey’s allegations are true " We have to see what the testimony is , " he Comey . " This is a prepared statement . There ’s going to be very aggressive questioning tomorrow , and then in fairness , there is another side , who is the President . " Lieberman Comey said he Comey it was unprecedented for Comey ’s remarks to be released the day before he testified before the Comey’s Intelligence Committee . " I do n’t remember in my 24 years in the Senate , and I was involved in a lot of investigative hearings , ever having testimony released the day before , " the Comey . " One of the things it does , it gets it out there , it it it gives the members of it committee that he ’ll be the Senate Intelligence Committee overnight to really sharpen their questions , and you might say the members of the committee . " Lieberman is a Comey counsel at the law firm that President Trump has retained to represent him in the Comey investigation , which Lieberman cited as Comey reason for withdrawing from the FBI director search . 
 