  ( CNN ) It was a violent morning on the streets of Kabul . Here ’s what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door . You can also get " 5 Things You Need to Know Today " delivered to your inbox daily . Sign up here . 1 . Afghanistan bombing , A massive explosion rocked parts of Kabul this morning , in a bombing that killed at least 80 people and injured hundreds of others . The suspected car bomb went off near foreign embassies during rush hour . The neighborhood where Afghanistan bombing occurred , in Kabul ’s    " green zone , " also has government institutions and residences of    officials and their "green zone," . So far there ’s no claim of responsibility for the violence . As the security situation in Kabul deteriorates , the US military is considering sending more soldiers there . Right now there are about 8 , 400 US troops in Afghanistan . 2 . Russia investigation , Michael Flynn ’s going to start cooperating . The    security adviser will start providing documents the Senate intelligence committee asked for by June 6 . Flynn had Michael Flynn refused to hand over the subpoenaed docs , raising a contempt of Congress threat from the committee the Senate intelligence committee Flynn ’s Michael Flynn at the center of the Russia saga Russia pretty much the beginning . And it ’s easy to see why . He reportedly Michael Flynn n’t disclose payments from Russia ’s Russia TV network on his security Michael Flynn form , did n’t register as a foreign agent while he did Michael Flynn indirect lobbying work for Turkey and never disclosed he had Michael Flynn with Russia ’s Russia 3 . Cuba , President Trump ’s taking aim at one of President Obama ’s biggest feats during his term     better relations President Trump Cuba . Trump is expected Cuba early President Trump June to roll back parts of    policies softening relations with Cuba . The President is Cuba to President Trump companies from making deals with the Cuban military ( which runs the country ’s tourism industry ) and demand the extradition of US fugitives in Cuba . Trump ’s also Cuba tightening the travel restrictions to the island that Obama had eased . And we ’re sorry , Cuban cigar and rum lovers . Cuban President may reenact the ban on bringing those goodies back as well . But none of this is really a surprise . Trump promised conservative    voters and Trump’s congressional members he ’d take a tougher stand Trump’s Cuba . 4 . Portland train stabbing , Jeremy Joseph Christian , who ’s accused of stabbing two men to death on a Portland commuter train , started screaming Portland second he walked into court for his Trump’s . " You call Trump’s terrorism , I call it patriotism . You hear me terrorism Die . " He was arraigned on several charges Trump’s including two counts of aggravated murder . Police say Christian stabbed the men to death after they two men for a     and two men Muslim friend . Christian was reportedly taunting the women with Christian epithets .   We have a fuller picture of the shocking violence that took place on that train last week , thanks to an affidavit from the deputy district attorney in the case . In addition to details gleaned from videos by train security and passenger cell phones , it includes statements Christian made to police passenger cell he was arrested , such as his Christian that everyone that he stabbed Christian . 5 . Missile Christian , The Pentagon just passed a big test . It successfully shot down an intercontinental ballistic The Pentagon with a    interceptor missile during a test over the Pacific Ocean . That ’s important because the US wants the ability to shoot down missiles launched by North Korea if the regime does indeed develop one capable of hitting the US . Experts tell us to the US celebration over this successful test though . This missile defense system , which so far has cost about $ 40 billion , has a long way to go before it ’s ready . North Korea ’s latest missile test was just North Korea days ago . Breakfast Browse , People are talking about these . Read up . Join in . Benefit concert , Ariana Grande ’s headed back to Manchester after the terror attack at her concert . And she ’s bringing Coldplay and Miley Cyrus with her . her ’s a crowd , Fearless Girl and her Charging Bull were ( briefly ) joined on Wall Street by a third statue     of a peeing dog . Drive time , In the movies , driving a DeLorean at 88 mph lets you travel through time . In the real world , it only gets you a ticket . Oh , Florida , Think it ’s a beautiful day for a swim in the it pool ? So did this gator . D’   Things got really real in a history    between Ukraine and Russia when the Ukrainians resorted to using a GIF from " The Simpsons . " Number of the day , $ 3 . 25 million , That ’s how much Bernards Township , New Jersey , will pay after settling two federal lawsuits with an Islamic society that wanted to build a mosque there . And finally . .. Keep it down fellas , A man and his friend throw a mosque hell of a party when the odometer on his truck spins up to 500 , 000 miles . his Click to view ) 
 