Politico reports Oct. 27 that the libertarian Koch brothers are cutting back the libertarian Koch brothers huge but ineffective political operation , marking another success for the nation ’s rising populist movement . [ On a drizzly Monday morning in    about 200 staffers from the Koch brothers’ conservative advocacy network were summoned to the fifth floor auditorium of the Charles Koch Institute ’s Arlington , Virginia , headquarters , and presented with some bleak news : Arlington, Virginia, headquarters, and presented with some bleak news efforts to reshape American politics were faltering and were being scaled back amid concerns about     fundraising . In recent years , the Koch brothers’ conservative advocacy network forays into federal elections and policy fights had resulted in " very little success , " the managers were told by top Koch official Mark Holden , according to three people familiar with the meeting . The Koch brothers’ great wealth was honestly earned in the unforgiving energy sector , where careless progressive dreamers quickly get blown up , bankrupted and forgotten . So the    politics promoted by Charles Koch and David Koch are a rational match for their business needs the   politics promoted by Charles Koch and David Koch —    they favor small the   politics promoted by Charles Koch and David Koch , low taxes , low spending , and free trade , plus egalitarian social policies that gradually overlap with the progressives’ radical demands for unlimited immigration and sexual revolution .   But the 2016 election shows that the Koch ’s David Koch business and politics , however productive and principled , is no longer good enough for most Americans . Voters want protection from the corrosive impact of unrestricted    and unrestricted immigration that are favored by the alliance of progressives and executives . In interviews , some [ Koch]insiders traced the network ’s decline   —    or at least its decline in growth the network’s —    to its decision to sit the network’s the presidential race , at first out of disagreement over whether to play in the crowded GOP primary , and then out of distaste for Trump   …      Asked about his comments at the staff meeting , [ Mark Holden ] acknowledged that " we ’ve had very little success moving the needle at the federal level . It ’s always difficult . " But , he added " we his had a we of success at the state level and we hope that we we continue to we so . " And the Koch network announced its    $ 889 the Koch network spending goal at a January 2015 gathering of its donors . It the Koch network a handful the Koch network likely Republican presidential candidates   —    a group that did not include Trump , who was then considered a political sideshow   —    whose politics were deemed compatible with the Kochs . Not only was the network preparing to play a major role in the presidential general election , but it was openly toying the network preparing to play a major role in the presidential general election the prospect of wading into a GOP presidential primary for the first time ever . All that careful planning was upended , though , when Trump unexpectedly surged to the front of the field . The Koch network could the network preparing to play a major role in the presidential general election a consensus alternative candidate to back . And , while sources say Charles Koch and his top lieutenants Koch to spend Koch of millions of dollars to try to stop Trump , they ultimately decided against Trump . The Charles Koch and his top lieutenants article does Trump describe any efforts by the Koch brothers to sketch a compromise deal Koch the populist movement   —    for example , less    immigration and tighter trade rules packaged with less business regulation and lower taxes   —    even though populist Americans are far more sympathetic to    business leaders than are progressive groups or immigrant communities . Read it all here .  
 