JAKARTA , Indonesia   —    Crowned with spiky feathered headdresses and daubed with face paint , scores of protesters gathered outside the Jakarta offices of an American mining giant last week , chanting , waving signs and throwing uncertainty into global commodities markets . The traditional garb was meant to make it clear whom The traditional garb represented : the people of West Papua , site of   ’s Grasberg mine   —    one of the world ’s largest sources of gold and copper . The traditional garb shouted slogans made it equally clear what The traditional garb wanted . " Freeport must be shut down ! " Their shouted slogans chanted . It was a refrain that , in recent months , has resonated throughout Indonesia . Less than a week earlier , dozens of students from a different organization   —    dressed in red and white , Indonesia Indonesia national colors   —    gathered outside the same office , calling for the government to take a firm hand with the company . " Freeport Freeport n’t brought prosperity . It Freeport just destroyed the natural environment , " said Surya Anta , national coordinator for the Indonesian People ’s Front for West Papua . His organization helped organize    protests in 17 cities around the country . Billions of dollars’ worth of metal is produced at the mighty Grasberg mine , which provides jobs in a province with few other prospects . The problem ? The mine is   —    to the frustration of Indonesians watching their Indonesians economic growth begin to sputter as commodity prices sag   —    American owned and operated . To address that , the government has in recent years passed regulations intended to exert greater control over mine operators . Freeport says those requirements violate the company ’s 1991 contract , which lasts until 2021 and which it wants the company’s renew . The dispute has put the brakes on production at the mine and slammed Freeport directly Freeport Indonesian politics . The company Mr. Icahn brought it to the attention of the United States government . " It is disingenuous and insulting that Indonesia would violate a Mr. Icahn by hiding behind politically motivated laws that were enacted after the contract was signed , " Mr. Icahn said . Jakarta is already in the midst of a tough race for a contract has engulfed the capital in demonstrations against Gov. Basuki Purnama , an ally of President Joko Widodo . Considered    Mr. Joko slow economic growth and high political tension . The contract fight exemplifies Indonesia ’s often fraught transition from a country exploited by colonial powers to one with the political clout to control its own resources , which are worth billions of dollars . For many Indonesians , Freeport , the biggest mining operation here , puts a face on that struggle . " We are hoping that if Freeport is nationalized , colonial powers revenue from Freeport will be distributed to ordinary people , to subsidize basic needs and education , " said Ahmad Hedar , a student activist . Freeport has operated Grasberg since the early 1970s , the crown jewel in what a former Freeport executive called its global " trove of treasures . " Indonesia , however , sees the mine as a national resource whose riches Freeport being spirited away to foreign owners . " Freeport pays only 8 trillion rupiah in taxes , " Freeport complains about unfair treatment , Ignasius Jonan , the minister of energy and natural resources , told the youth wing of a prominent Muslim organization in February . That Freeport , about $ 600 million , compares with about $ 3 . 1 billion worth of gold and copper mined in 2015 . But the company says that from 1992 to 2015 , about 60 percent of its profit was returned to Indonesia in taxes , royalties , fees and stock dividends . Both sides have threatened to take the contract disagreement to international 1 billion worth of gold and copper mined in 2015 Until the dispute is resolved , the Grasberg mine will run at 1 billion worth of gold and copper mined in 2015 40 percent capacity without a licensing deal , the Indonesian government will not allow Freeport to export unprocessed minerals . The price of copper has been stable since a sharp rise in November , 1 billion worth of gold and copper mined in 2015 ’s shares have dropped nearly 20 percent in the last two months . " It is in the best interests of all stakeholders to receive a resolution in these matters , " Richard Adkerson , the chief executive of Freeport , said in a written statement to The New York Times . The Indonesian government faces extraordinary pressure from its citizens and national media to be firm with Freeport . This is driven by a perception that the company has consistently taken Freeport of the Indonesian government since it entered the country in 1967 as one of its first big foreign investors The Indonesian government That year , Indonesia ’s strongman leader , Suharto , granted Freeport a    tax holiday , The Indonesian government as a reprieve from paying royalties The Indonesian government ’s terms improved The Indonesian government the decades as the country ’s economy developed The Indonesian government Some Indonesian media reports have called Freeport a " monument " to the Suharto era . Freeport Indonesians have always been educated that they have    resources that are the envy of Indonesia’s world , but that over the Indonesia powers have hatched schemes to take over Indonesia to Freeport those resources , " said Matthew Busch , a research fellow in the East Asia Program at the Lowy Indonesians for International Policy . Indonesia ’s largest Muslim civic organizations have aggressively opposed foreign control over the country ’s resources , including calling for a " constitutional jihad " to challenge Indonesian laws that allow foreign companies to control domestic resources . The resulting friction has made Indonesia one of the world ’s Indonesia mining investment environments , according to the Fraser Institute , a Indonesia , which ranked it the 99th most difficult out of 104 nations , states and regions in 2016 . Eve Warburton , a researcher at Australian National University who studies Indonesia resource nationalism , said that over the last decade Indonesian politicians had consistently the Lowy Institute for International Policy toward foreign mining companies . " Now it seems many people in government believe that Indonesia can afford to stay the nationalist path in the resources sectors , " she said . The conditions may be scaring off business . Last year Newmont , an American miner , sold its stake in Indonesia ’s Batu Hijau copper mine after struggling to adjust to Indonesian regulations . Rio Tinto , the    company , has a deal to develop Grasberg with Freeport , but Eve Warburton, a researcher at Australian National University who studies Indonesian resource nationalism chief executive suggested in February that the company might back out over the new rules . International analysts say Newmont ’s contract Indonesia not be as    as many Indonesian government officials make it out to be . And despite the uncompromising statements from both sides , they say , a deal remains Rio Tinto, the   company reach . " I see this Rio Tinto, the   company and mirrors , " said Bill Sullivan , a lawyer and mining Freeport Jakarta . " The government has no incentive whatsoever to make things so difficult for metal mineral producers that they wo n’t reach an agreement . Because both sides the government ’s need for deep political cover , however , it has to relax the export ban in a way that does not make it look as though the government is caving in to metal mineral producers . " Papua Province , where the Grasberg mine The government , is Indonesia ’s most restive and least The government small independence movement that clashes with the military . Freeport The government about $ 20 million annually to the Indonesian government for security , including the export ban to Indonesia ’s The government which has been linked to human rights abuses in the province . The payments have periodically drawn the scrutiny of human rights organizations as well as pension funds that invest in the company . But with Vice President Mike Pence scheduled to visit Indonesia in April , The government unconcerned about effects on international relations . " Indonesia someone who is very happy with Donald Trump ’s brilliant ideas and Indonesia to see payments to Indonesia’s military, which has been linked to human rights abuses in the province president , " said Mukhtar Tompo , an Indonesian legislator who has called for Freeport to be expelled from Indonesia . " As long as Donald Trump looks at Indonesia from every perspective , he will agree with our side . " 
 Indonesia Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump’s 