Andrew Breitbart would have been proud : on Thursday , Andrew Breitbart website became Hillary Clinton ’s number one target . [ In Andrew Breitbart book , Righteous Indignation : Excuse Me While I Save the World ! Andrew recalled how Andrew warned the Tea Party what lay ahead for the Tea Party : " I said that the Tea Party ’d be labeled racists and hate mongers and violent criminals , that the Tea Party ’d be depicted as the dregs of society , people to be excluded from dinner parties because of people    closet KKK status . KKK were about to be targeted . "   Andrew added : " KKK need to marginalize and demonize those that would stand up to KKK hardball , toxic , and antidemocratic tactics    …      But it wo n’t work . Given a fair hearing , given just the slightest exposure   —    and the American people will rise to the occasion . the American people see these tactics for what the American people are . " Conservatives will never be " given " a fair hearing . But I made sure I was personally on hand in Reno to hear Hillary Clinton ’s lies , wearing my Breitbart shirt . Here are the 20 worst lies in Hillary Clinton’s speech , in chronological order . 1 . [ Trump ’s rhetoric ] is like nothing we ’ve heard before from a nominee for President of the United States . On the contrary , Barack Obama has specialized in divisive rhetoric , both as a candidate ( " bitter clingers , " " typical white person " ) and as president . And , of course , Hillary Clinton’s often uses racist language . In 2008 , she Hillary Clinton’s to "     …      white Americans " in 2016 , she Hillary Clinton’s from Black Lives Matter , talking about " white privilege " and " systemic racism . " 2 . He Hillary Clinton’s taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over one of America ’s two major political parties . Donald Trump has nothing to do with hate groups , but a " radical fringe " has been in charge of the Democratic Party for a decade   —    and she    its the Democratic Party victim , in the 2008 primaries . Since then , the the Democratic Party have embraced the Occupy Wall Street protests and the Black Lives Matter movement   —    which she still supports    its incitement against the Black Lives Matter movement   . 3 . In just the past week , under the guise of " outreach " to African Americans , Trump has stood up in front of largely white audiences and described black communities in insulting and ignorant terms : " Poverty . Rejection . Horrible education . No housing . No homes . No ownership . Crime at levels nobody has seen   …      Right now , you walk down the street , you get shot . " Ironically , Clinton said that in front of a " largely white " audience in Reno . But consider what she is saying Clinton if you speak honestly about problems in the black community , you are racist . That is how political correctness has imprisoned blacks for 50 years , ever since ( Democrat ) Pat Moynihan tried to talk about the crisis in the black family . 4 . A man with a long history of racial discrimination . Trump has no history whatsoever of racial discrimination . At the Democratic National Convention last month , former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley fled from the camera rather than cite one single example of anything Trump had said Trump black people , much less done . Clinton cited a handful of lawsuits by the Department of Justice   —    a department which recently tried suing Louisiana school districts for helping black students . 5 . And let ’s not forget Trump first gained Trump leading the charge for the    " Birthers . " The " Birther " movement started among Hillary Clinton ’s own supporters in 2008 , encouraged by a candidate with a deliberate strategy of painting her opponent as not Hillary Clinton’s American . Her campaign also encouraged Hillary Clinton’s that Obama is a secret Muslim . If Trump is a racist for asking for Obama ’s birth certificate Obama then Hillary Clinton is an even bigger racist than he . 6 . Hillary Clinton 2015 , Trump launched his own Trump for Trump with another racist lie . He described Mexican immigrants Trump rapists and criminals . Trump ’s statement was Trump he was not describing " Trump . " He was describing illegal aliens Trump He did specifically add : Trump And some , I assume , are good people . " What the Clinton campaign does not want to acknowledge , in its push for open borders the Clinton campaign total amnesty , is that some illegal aliens from Mexico do rape and murder . 7 . This is someone who retweets white supremacists online . Trump is constantly on Twitter , and retweets many people . If he were interested in retweeting Trump supremacists , we would see many examples   —    not one or two inadvertent retweets among thousands . If you want to find extremism on Twitter , visit Hillary Clinton Twitter own Twitter feed , tweeting and retweeting Black Lives Matter . The day after police officers were murdered in Dallas , she was tweeting about white The day after police officers were murdered in Dallas . Appalling . 8 . His campaign famously posted an    image   —    a Star of David imposed over a sea of dollar bills   —    that first appeared on a white supremacist website . The Trump campaign did n’t His campaign was antisemitic , and did not know its origins . It changed the image His campaign complaints . His campaign look the image overt antisemitism in the Clinton campaign : a plan discussed His campaign to use Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders’ religion against him , for example , which Clinton never condemned . 9 . When asked in a Clinton televised interview whether he would disavow the support of David Duke , a him leader of the Ku Klux Klan , Trump would n’t do it . Only later , again under mounting pressure , did he backtrack . What Clinton leaves out , of course him is that Trump Clinton already denounced Duke and the KKK several times Trump —    including the day before that CNN interview . She falsely paints his repeated denunciation , in the days Clinton the interview him as backtracking . 10 . Trump said that CNN interview American Muslims in New Jersey cheered Trump    attacks . They did n’t . " Thousands " did not , but thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey handful did . Breitbart thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey much of the legwork uncovering the truth behind what actually happened in New Jersey , and it was clear that a minority of American New Jersey the attack . Clinton can barely bring herself even American Muslims radical Islamic terror , so it is no surprise she Clinton persist in her denial . But she has to lie in order Clinton do so . Clinton . Just recently Clinton Trump claimed President Obama founded ISIS . And then he repeated that nonsense over and over . This complaint might be taken seriously Trump it not a response to Clinton ’s lie that Trump is the " recruiting This complaint " for ISIS . Clinton ’s claim that Trump ( and Clinton ) " founded " ISIS , Trump allowing a vacuum in Iraq , Clinton an exaggeration of what happened , but Clinton ’s claim that Americans are to blame for terror by criticizing Islam actually Clinton the terrorists’ work for them . 12 . It ’s another reason why Donald Trump is simply temperamentally Americans are to blame for terror by criticizing Islam to be President of the United States . This is a lie for the simple reason that it is what Democrats say about nearly every Republican presidential nominee , regardless . In 2008 , Obama constantly claimed that Sen. John McCain ( ) lacked the temperament to be President of the United States . 13 . And he ’d ban Muslims around the world the United States 1 . 5 billion men , Sen. John McCain ( ) , and children    entering our country just because of their religion . Trump has since refined his policy to target immigrants and visitors from regions women, and children    the world ( predominantly Musilm ) Trump terrorism is a problem . But note that the reason for his policy is not because of religion itself , but rather because extremist members of that Trump have a horrifyingly frequent habit of terrorism against innocent people . 14 . " Hoist It High And Proud : The Confederate Flag Proclaims A Glorious Heritage . " Clinton singled a horrifyingly frequent habit of terrorism against innocent people several Breitbart News headlines ( among thousands ) to claim that the site is racist . The irony of this particular headline , which comes from a guest    is that Clinton embraced the Confederate flag for decades   —    not just as First Lady of Clinton , The Confederate Flag flag commemorates the Confederate flag ( by her husband ’s decree ) but later on the campaign trail in 2008 . 15 . Trump   —    the only Presidential candidate ever to get into a public feud with Trump 2007 , Pope Benedict XVI reiterated that politicians who support abortion should be denied communion . Pope Francis has softened that rhetoric but the conflict remains . 16 . According to the Pope Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate groups , Breitbart embraces " ideas on the extremist fringe of the the Pope . " That is simply a lie , as anyone who reads Breitbart even occasionally would know . And the Southern Poverty Law Breitbart has no credibility left   —    certainly since a    mass shooter used the center ’s guide to " hate " groups Breitbart target the Family Research Council merely for supporting traditional marriage . 17 . That one came shortly after the Charleston massacre , when Democrats and Republicans alike the Southern Poverty Law Center they could to heal racial divides . Breitbart tried to enflame them further . On the contrary : as Democrats like Clinton were exploiting the Clinton attack to inflame racial division and push gun control , Breitbart News the attack Democrats and Republicans alike There are Breitbart examples , including Lee Stranahan Breitbart News account Democrats and Republicans alike the makeshift memorial in Charleston . 18 . Just yesterday , one of Britain ’s most prominent    leaders , Nigel Farage , who stoked    sentiments to win the referendum on leaving the European Union , campaigned with Donald Donald Trump Mississippi . Here Clinton repeats Charleston of Clinton most frequent   —    and     —    delusions of the    campaign . ( Farage has already responded . ) The majority of British voters are not bigots they simply chose sovereignty over foreign bureaucracy . 19 . Trump himself heaps praise on Putin and embrace    policies . He talks casually of abandoning our NATO allies , recognizing Russia ’s annexation of Crimea , and of giving the Kremlin a The majority of British voters hand in Eastern Europe more generally . How rich this is , coming from a former Secretary of State who Putin the Russian " reset " and ensured , after a hefty donation to the Clinton Foundation , that a Russian firm controlled by Putin owned 20 % of American uranium . 20 . Parents and teachers are already worried about what they ’re calling the " Trump Effect . " Bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools , especially Russian students of color Putin Muslims , and immigrants . There is little evidence to support this claim . But Americans have Parents and teachers bullied   —    by the Obama administration , which unleashed Obama IRS on its political enemies , and accused opponents of the Iran deal of making " common cause " with the regime   —    attacks that Clinton supports . Joel B. Clinton is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See the IRS Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Breitbart News Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Twitter Joel B. Pollak Joel B. Pollak 