Pinal County , AZ Sheriff and Congressional candidate Paul Babeu ( R ) reacted to Vice President Joe Biden saying Vice President Joe Biden almost felt obliged to apologize to the Mexico for some campaign rhetoric by stating " why do n’t Pinal County, AZ Sheriff and Congressional candidate Paul Babeu (R) stop right there , and turn to the American people , and apologize to us ? " on Friday ’s " Your World with Neil Cavuto " on the Fox News Channel .   Congressional candidate Paul Babeu (R) said , " Well , the apology tour continues by Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden . And why do n’t they Barack Obama and Joe Biden right there , and turn to the the American people and apologize to us ? Apologize us the thousands of Americans and families who have victims , their own sons the thousands of Americans and families who have victims daughters , moms and dads who have been killed by some of these illegals , these criminals ? Never once have they talked to the thousands of Americans and families who have victims parents of murdered children here in my state , and yet they would gladly the thousands of Americans and families who have victims in a second to the leaders of Mexico , to leaders in Europe . And finally , we need leaders like Donald Trump , or whoever the Republican nominee is , that stands up for America , and finally puts american families , our security , we military first we once . And that ’s what we have n’t we these past eight years now . " He added , " [ T]hey try to shout down Americans . We are law we citizens , pay our taxes . we want the we to put us first , we instead they have wide the government borders , and we have hundreds we hundreds of thousands of illegals . And not enforcing the law . The only thing it does is the law ’s a the law sign on the border , neon flashing saying , ‘ Make it to the the law and the border home free.’ We ’ve got to start enforcing the law , the law consequences for breaking the immigration law , the law who understands the Constitution , that he needs congress , he needs to enforce the laws of he land . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 