According to all recent polling , Donald Trump enjoys a big lead in New Hampshire ’s Republican race , with four or five other candidates battling for place and show . [ But voters in New Hampshire , like Iowa , are famous for putting off voters in New Hampshire final voting decision until the very end .   In both 2008 and 2012 , around 20 percent of New Hampshire Republican primary voters decided on election day which candidate to support . Including the weekend before the primary election , that number increases to 40 percent of the electorate . One reason polling was so off in Iowa is that 45 percent of    made their polling decision in the days leading up to the caucus . Cruz and Rubio essentially tied among these voters , both Cruz and Rubio Trump by    margins . Trump Trump Rubio Rubio voters who decided whom to support much earlier in the campaign . This allowed him Trump hold onto second place over a    Rubio . History provides a cautionary note for Trump Trump into the New Hampshire vote . Although Mitt Romney led in all Granite State polling in 2012 , his Mitt Romney among late deciders was much smaller than his Mitt Romney winning percentage . Romney Mitt Romney the overall state by 16 points , but he Mitt Romney    by only 8 points . In 2008 , Romney Mitt Romney polling in the Granite State the campaign until the final few weeks . McCain went into the election with a slim lead in polling . McCain won McCain largely because    broke for him decisively McCain In that election the election percent of Republican primary voters decided within the last week of the campaign the campaign on these two elections and the recent vote in the Iowa caucus , expect    to break for one of the candidates other than Donald Trump . Like Romney in 2012 , Trump may ultimately win Donald Trump    but it will be by a much smaller margin than he currently enjoys in Donald Trump polls . Polling in New Hampshire this year has been very steady at the top of the race . For at least a month , and in recent daily tracking polls , Trump has been polling Donald Trump 30 percent support . The volitility has been Donald Trump and third place , with polls showing each of the other major candidates in second or third . The volatility is now producing a series of sharply different polls   —    an Exeter University released Monday has Jeb Bush at 16 percent , Sen. Marco Rubio at 12 percent and Trump at 31 percent . The stakes are different for the various candidates . If Bush , John Kasich or Jeb Bush Christie do n’t finish in either the second or third spot , their candidacies are effectively over Bush, John Kasich or Chris Christie Each have wagered enormous finanical resources and personal campaign time in the Granite State . Jeb Bush is still airing Jeb Bush advertising than any other Presidential candidate , including Democrats . Marco Rubio is airing the second most ads of any Republican candidate , so the stakes have been raised for him as well . Finishing a Jeb Bush third in Iowa , Rubio entered the final stretch before Marco Rubio New Hampshire vote with    momentum . This earned media and his robust advertising in New Hampshire Marco Rubio him to run New Hampshire second Marco Rubio Trump , with a possibility of competing to win . Polling over the last week , however , has shown very little movement to Rubio . His disastrous performance in Marco Rubio ’s Marco Rubio will further blunt any momentum he may have once enjoyed . Marco Rubio has the resources to continue Marco Rubio beyond New Hampshire , but his hope to New Hampshire " Marco Rubio " Republican vote behind him will be on hold unless Marco Rubio finishes a strong second . Marco Rubio Cruz has the least to lose in the vote Tuesday . Having already won the the "mainstream" Republican vote behind him , he has his ticket to compete in the later Ted Cruz . Ted Cruz evangelicals only making up around 20 percent of the Republican electorate in New Hampshire , Cruz has n’t campaigned in the state as aggressively Ted Cruz he did in Iowa New Hampshire seems to have Ted Cruz most of Iowa campaign Ted Cruz to South Carolina , which votes Ted Cruz February 20th . There are two big variables in New Hampshire tomorrow that go beyond the regular political considerations New Hampshire , the state is expecting a    storm on Tuesday . This New Hampshire have an impact on turnout , which will give an edge to the campaigns with the most organization turnout effort . Finally , New Hampshire allows anyone to vote in a primary . Independents make New Hampshire largest block of voters in the state , by a wide margin . How many of these decide New Hampshire in the Republican , rather than Democrat primary will have a big impact . Trump runs better with moderate voters , so a surge in Independents should help him . In 2012 , just 53 percent of voters in the primary were Trump Republicans . In 2008 , however , 61 percent of Democrat primary were registered Republicans . Mitt Romney won among Republicans in 2008 , but lost Independents , and the state , to John McCain . There is one final variable . Donald Trump has n’t employed the kind of ground game traditionally used by campaigns in either Iowa or New Hampshire . He has staked his campaign generally on earned media and large rallies . He has Donald Trump more retail Donald Trump    campaigning in New Hampshire recently , but still Donald Trump n’t employing the kind of voter identification and New Hampshire in use by other campaigns . Whether this will work in the end is perhaps the greatest unknown . Trump currently leads all rivals by    margins . In some polls , in fact , he has double the support of his nearest rival . Late deciders , however , will Trump this race much closer in Trump end . 
 