Los Angeles ( CNN ) Arnold Schwarzenegger found Arnold Schwarzenegger in familiar territory Wednesday : taking aim at President Donald Trump . This time , the actor and former California governor blasted President Donald Trump over his President Donald Trump $ 1 . 2 billion cut to    programs . " President President Donald Trump us he wants President Donald Trump ’make America great again.’ That ’s not how you make America great America by taking $ 1 . 2 billion from the children and robbing them blind the children " Schwarzenegger said in front of hundreds of program leaders at the National    Summit at the University of Southern California ’s Schwarzenegger Institute . " Why would he do Schwarzenegger ? " he said Schwarzenegger the Trump budget ’s proposed elimination of the 21st Century Community Learning Center grant program . " Why would he want Schwarzenegger balance the budget the Trump budget’s proposed elimination of the 21st Century Community Learning Center grant program backs of those kids ? " Schwarzenegger vowed the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute put up a fight in Washington , calling the    program leaders in attendance " terminators . " " When I look at you , I see a bunch of warriors , " he said the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute " We ’re going to go to Washington , and Washington ’re not We to take this lying down . " His comments the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute on the heels of a feud between Trump and Schwarzenegger over the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute latter ’s    version of " The New Celebrity Apprentice . " Trump , who is the show ’s executive producer , blamed the ratings slide on Schwarzenegger . the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute shot back in a video released on social media : " Hey , Donald , I have a great idea . Why do n’t we switch jobs ? " Schwarzenegger said the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute " You take over TV because you ’re such an expert on ratings , and I take over your job , and then people can finally sleep comfortably again . " Schwarzenegger announced the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute month that he wo the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute return for another season of the show . Later in the summit , during an       with CNN ’s Van Jones , Schwarzenegger addressed the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute need for holding Congress accountable , rather than " complaining in front of your television set . " " Congress has a Congress % approval rating     which is below herpes or colonoscopies , " Schwarzenegger quipped the University of Southern California’s Schwarzenegger Institute to laughs from the audience . " But 98 % of them get   . "   Still , it was clear that summit organizers recognized the importance of Congress in protecting Congress for    programs after Trump ’s budget chief , Mick Mulvaney , said there ’s " no demonstrable evidence " the programs are working .   A video of Sen. Lisa Murkowski ,    was played in front of program leaders , in which she said ,    This is not a time to panic . " Murkowski , who    legislation supporting    programs , urged attendees of the summit to " " and to prove to Congress the importance of the programs in their states . Murkowski, who   legislation supporting   programs , who said the programs help the programs in their states children every year , added : " Keep pumping ! Reps , reps , reps . We ’ll never stop until we get there ! We 
 