NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Omarosa Manigault , a senior adviser to 2016 GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump for African American Engagement , told Breitbart News exclusively that Sean " Diddy " Combs is right about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton taking the black vote for granted . [ " Everywhere we go , we ’re hearing African American voters say African American voters ’re sick and tired of having African American voters votes taken for granted , and that ’s why Mr. Trump is getting such a good reception for Mr. Trump engagement efforts , " Omarosa , a    Apprentice contestant who ’s now working with Mr. Trump on black outreach , said in a statement in response to Diddy ’s appearance on MSNBC with the Rev. Al Sharpton on Sunday . " Diddy is right   —    politicians like Hillary Clinton and the Dems should start showing for the first time that the Dems actually care instead of assuming the Dems will automatically get our vote every four years . the Dems should know that there ’s a big difference between asking and assuming . "   Combs joined Sharpton on Sunday to talk about the charter school he Combs in Harlem in New York City , and what he Combs about the presidential election . Combs Combs about how when growing up in Harlem Harlem he Combs his Combs    program .   " I remember that extra attention I would get by the tutors , " Combs Combs Sharpton Sharpton " It was something that was needed , because in the educational system in the inner cities , they were so behind what was going on in the other communities in Scarsdale , Westchester , different parts of the Bronx , it was so disproportioned , that if it it n’t for a program like that I would n’t have been able to pass my grades and I would n’t have been able to make it my grades through school . So as the years went by , I ran a marathon   —    education has always been important to me   —    I ran a marathon and we proudly raised $ 3 million for the New York City public school system . My thing was , we we a lot of concerns and complaints about the the New York City public school system how our we are treated . I ’m a person of action , so instead of me talking about it , I wanted to go and work with the system and the New York City public school system them a better way our children do it . " Combs the New York City public school system he is aiming to Combs revolutionize " the " junior high and high school levels of education , " because he thinks " we Combs to prepare our kids for the we of what ’s out there . " " We have to prepare we to be leaders our kids " he said . " Combs those curriculums that are out there now are dated . That ’s not the times that we are in . So as a community if we do n’t update we curriculums just as the curriculums are updated in Connecticut and the rest of the parts of New York , then our children will constantly lag behind . This has that domino effect that people do n’t understand , when they are wondering what people going on . It ’s our conditions This You ca n’t make no money unless you have an education , so it starts there . an education me it starts there ’m an education instead of talking about it , we ’re an education to do something about it . So I an education very proud to say that today I opened up my charter school with Dr. Steven Perry . It ’s called Capital an education Harlem and it ’s incredible . an education Sharpton responded by saying to the audience : " I ’m telling you , ’m ’s awesome . an education Sharpton noted next that Sharpton does " know " Mrs. Clinton as well as Mr. Trump , and without asking for him to " get Mr. Trump politics " asked what whoever the next president needs to know to " help young people become successful . " " I think it ’s all about education , " Combs replied . " Combs ’s all about education and jobs and creating different programs for them to have opportunities education and jobs You know , it ’s hard to start your life after high school or college and you just ca n’t get a job and there ’s nothing really set up for you to be able to get out there and just excel . So I think that number one they have to pay attention and they have to speak they young people . If they do n’t , they lot of young people are n’t going to show up . They ’re very disenfranchised they "   " And my number one thing , to be honest , as black people I feel like we put President Obama in the White House and when I look back , I just wanted more done for my people , because that ’s the name of the game , " he added . " President Obama is politics . You put somebody in office , you get in return the things you care about for your communities . I think we got a little we   . That ’s not knocking the president , we President Obama lot we on   —    a lot of balls juggling , he ’s done an excellent President Obama   —    but I think it ’s time to turn up the heat because the black vote is going to decide who is the next president of the United States . " Combs continued by calling on Hillary Clinton , who has done hardly anything for the black community , to step it up . " So I think Mrs. Clinton , Hillary Clinton , I hope she starts to directly talk Mrs. Clinton, Hillary Clinton the black community , " the black community " It Combs makes me feel almost hurt that our issues are not addressed and we ’re really a big part of our voting bloc . " Combs added , too , Combs " I honestly think that the heat has to be turned up so much that as a community we got to hold our vote . our " Do n’t our yourself , " Combs told the black community Combs " Really revolutionize the black community them come for our vote . It ’s a whole different strategy our vote I think our vote need to hold our vote because I do n’t our any of them our Sharpton said " that ’s a big announcement our vote " before Combs replied " you can Combs the vote   —    it do n’t have to be held that long   — the vote   but you going to have to come get it . " Unlike Clinton , who barely ever holds public the vote     —    and whenever she does only attacks Trump without offering policy solutions   —    Trump is actually working to earn the votes of black voters Trump the country . He appeared in Philadelphia last week , and then on Saturday Trump to Detroit where he attended a black church ’s Saturday service . The events Trump smashing successes , and during them Trump pushed education , economic opportunity and jobs in his The events Trump laid out   —    all things Combs Trump talking Trump with Sharpton . Trump ’s uplifting message of hope and opportunity in Detroit won Trump enormous praise . 
 Trump 