Oskaloosa , Iowa ( CNN ) Donald Trump returned to Iowa on Saturday one week after setting off a national firestorm about Arizona Sen. John McCain ’s service in war . But rather than condemn the billionaire businessman for Donald Trump flamboyant attacks on other Republicans , including Arizona Sen. John McCain’s , many Donald Trump fans here seemed to give the presidential candidate a different message : Go get ’em . Donald Trump admirers showed up in droves to a rally and picnic at Oskaloosa High School , eager to catch a glimpse of the reality TV star who has dominated the 2016 campaign with both Donald Trump inflammatory comments and Donald Trump signature unapologetic and brash persona . Around a dozen Donald Trump supporters     many of whom endured the sweltering heat outside for hours      told CNN that they were enamored by Trump ’s unfiltered rhetoric , as well as the stark contrast between the New York real estate magnate and other more seasoned politicians in the GOP field . Howe , said Trump’s ’s McCain comments from last weekend never bother him . " He ’s honest . He Trump’s McCain is like Trump’s McCain is . A Trump’s McCain of people do n’t like that but I think we need a president that will tell it like it is , " Howe said .   it Runnalls , a     Trump fan from the nearby town of Eddyville , arrived at the school at 6 a. m. to get the first spot in line . " He does n’t need anybody ’s money , Trump’s McCain ’s not a career politician , he Trump’s McCain not a lawyer . I ’m Trump’s McCain because he ’s not like everybody else in the Trump’s McCain , " Runnalls said . She added that Trump ’s McCain comments " Runnalls a little overboard , " but that they did n’t make her less supportive of Trump’s McCain comments "went a little overboard candidate . At Runnalls summit in Ames , Iowa , last weekend , Trump drew widespread condemnation when he quipped that Trump’s McCain was a " war Trump’s McCain because he was captured " during the Vietnam War Trump’s McCain   " I like people that were n’t captured , OK ? " Trump said . Though Trump partly backtracked from Trump’s McCain original comments , Trump’s McCain that he does in fact believe McCain is a Trump’s McCain hero , he has McCain apologized to the 2008 GOP McCain nominee . He has also since gone after his GOP McCain for criticizing him for those McCain GOP particularly training his McCain on South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham McCain calling Trump a " jackass . " In one of the most colorful moments of the 2016 cycle , Trump read out loud Graham ’s cell phone Trump on national television South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham week , inviting his supporters to give the senator a call . South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham Even undecided voters here in Oskaloosa said they found Trump ’s bombastic style refreshing .   Even undecided voters here in Oskaloosa He Trump really stirring things up . I do South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham that about him . I like his outspokenness , " said South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham Wickenkan , 58 South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham a custodian for the Oskaloosa schools who has previously supported President Barack Obama . This weekend , Trump once again demonstrated that when critics come after Trump , he only hits back harder .   Trump Des Trump Register said Friday that its journalists had been denied credentials to Trump ’s The Des Moines Register rally because the paper ’s editorial Trump a scathing piece calling Trump a " feckless blowhard " candidate asking that he Trump his White House bid .   Trump mocked the paper he Twitter , writing : " Trump the the paper’s editorial board and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa    they lie ! " His supporters egged him on , cheering Des Moines Register Trump gleefully Trump off his Trump rally by noting that Trump Des Moines Register Trump been kept outside .   Crystal Breuklander , an employee of the Oskaloosa Municipal Water Department , said it was Trump ’s willingness to take on anybody that she found Trump . " I like that he will speak his mind and is not swayed by others , " Breuklander , he , said . " I like his    and he ’s not intimated by anybody . " 
 he he 