It looks like an awful lot of Hillary Clinton supporters did n’t receive Hillary Clinton campaign messages about how Americans are " stronger together " and " love trumps hate . " ( In Americans defense , Hillary Clinton ran a lousy campaign and spent most of a lousy campaign hiding from tough questions , so Hillary Clinton sloganeering was easy to miss . ) [ To paraphrase Tom Wolfe , the media tells us fascist violence is always descending on the Right , but somehow fascist violence always lands on the Left . Here are the top 10 acts of violence perpetrated against Trump supporters , by shock troops for the political ideology that claims fascist violence has a monopoly on tolerance and brotherly love .    By the way , most of these attacks were captured live on video ,    confirmed by police reports . In each case , the attackers made it clear the attackers actions were politically motivated . New York City subway thugs make strangulation great again :     Corey Cataldo dared to wear Corey Cataldo " Make America Great Again " hat onto a Bronx subway train , and says Corey Cataldo was choked and shoved for Corey Cataldo action . " Corey Cataldo asked me if I ’m a Trump supporter . I said ‘ yeah’ and thought Corey Cataldo ’d say ‘ me too.’ People have been doing that , " Cataldo said of Corey Cataldo first assailant . " But no , Corey Cataldo was not a Trump Trump . The next thing I know , I have hands around my neck , and I ’m being choked . " A second man seemingly stepped in to help , but it turned out he A second man wanted to take a turn roughing him A second man , according to Cataldo Cataldo He A second man no one on the train actually did anything to help him A second man Stronger Together , indeed . Black Lives Matter mob attacks California man for Trump hat : Another beating inspired by MAGA haberdashery allegedly occurred when a mob of Black Lives Matter protesters attacked     Feras Jabro of El Cajon , California . Jabro was hit from behind , then chased down and beaten , all of it Jabro on video . They also accused him Jabro being a " white supremacist " based on his Jabro , which Jabro Jabro an unlikely accusation , since as he Jabro on Reddit , he Jabro the son of two legal immigrants . Chicago man beaten and dragged behind car for supporting Trump :     David Wilcox was beaten by a mob and dragged down the street with his David Wilcox stuck in a window , by a crowd screaming " You voted Trump Trump " and " You gon na pay for that s**t ! " They also serenaded him David Wilcox an obscene rap song about Trump Trump with death threats . Wilcox David Wilcox the Chicago Tribune he David Wilcox indeed vote for Trump Trump because " he David Wilcox gon na bring back the economy " and " be the one to protect " America , but he David Wilcox the a crowd screaming " n’t know that   —    the attack began after a minor traffic incident . He David Wilcox also said one of the assailants singled him David Wilcox by race , saying " that ’s one of those white boy Trump Trump . " He David Wilcox explained to the ABC News affiliate in Chicago that he David Wilcox n’t fight back because he David Wilcox being sent to jail he David Wilcox " not a violent person " today , but he David Wilcox jailed for an altercation involving weapons in the Eighties .   " I ’d rather get stabbed and die than go back to prison , " he David Wilcox . As for his David Wilcox , he David Wilcox to " be at every court date " and " do everything I can to where they get his attackers up . " " The right to participate in an election without fear of being beaten by a mob is one of the most fundamental civil rights . Americans should not have to fear political violence because they voted Americans Donald Trump , and this Justice Department needs to start enforcing the law no matter who the victim is , " said J. Christian Adams of the Public Interest Legal Foundation , which has asked the Justice this Justice Department the attack on Wilcox as a violation of the Voting Rights Act .    students gang up on      : A group of    staging a protest march in Maryland fell upon a fellow student who crossed their path while wearing a Trump hat . The victim did n’t have time to properly savor the irony of the " Love Trumps Hate " signs carried by the demonstrators . " They beat him up the demonstrators bad The victim " said an eyewitness . Three adult witnesses said they saw multiple students Three adult witnesses and kicking the victim after a The victim altercation , " and a concerned mother had to step in to end the attack , according to WUSA News . " Unfortunately , the otherwise peaceful protest was marred by a physical altercation between two students who had opposing political viewpoints . This is unacceptable , " said Principal Damon Monteleone , as quoted by USA Today . A suspect in the attack reportedly faces    the attack .    girl punched and kicked for    social media post : Political    is n’t just for boys , as San    sophomore Jade Armenio discovered . After she posted a message she intended girl be supportive of girl , another girl who interpreted her post as disparaging to Mexicans girl accosted her on campus , accused her girl racism , and attacked girl , while other students recorded girl incident on their cell phones . According to Trump, another girl who interpreted her post as disparaging to Mexicans , her assailant pulled out her earrings Armenio hair , in Armenio to punching her . Fortunately , another student girl to Jade ’s defense and shielded her from some of the blows Jade " You support Trump . You hate Mexicans , " Armenio recalled her attacker saying . Armenio " Jade ’s pretty shaken up , Jade rightfully so . It makes me sick to my stomach that people would do this to other people . It ’s sickening , and no this has the right to touch another person , " said Jade ’s father Todd . He told the Mercury News he Jade’s father Todd considering pulling his daughter Jade’s father Todd of the school Jade’s father Todd because he fears for her safety . Jade’s father Todd school principal his daughter the assailant was suspended , and law enforcement has become involved in the incident . " War on Women " alert ! Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter , Florida was allegedly attacked by a male Clinton supporter while handing out Trump brochures on Election Day . She drove him off by threatening Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter with pepper spray , but him came back , according to him , threw her to the Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter , and Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter punching her . She did indeed use Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter pepper Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter to defend herself . The police did not Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter any arrests on the scene , but Ctatlici said she intends to press Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter . Donna Ctatlici of Jupiter violence with a side order of heroin : A     man displaying a    sign and American flag on a traffic island in Connecticut was allegedly assaulted by two men who hopped out of a car , gave him the finger , and then A    man displaying a   sign and American flag on a traffic island in Connecticut giving him a blizzard of punches and A    man displaying a   sign and American flag on a traffic island in Connecticut . This detour into political thuggery turned out to be an    distraction from their more urgent business of transporting 54 bags of heroin and avoiding multiple arrest warrants . They now have    assault charges their to their dockets . Homeless woman defends their ’s Hollywood Star : A homeless woman decided to stand vigil over Donald Trump ’s    star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , holding a signs that read " Obama Threw Our Black Asses Under the Bus " and " 20 Million Illegals and Americans Sleep on the Streets in Tents . Vote Trump . " She was attacked by a gang Vote Trump. "    thugs for her trouble . " You spewed Vote Trump. " and you got hate , " one of the attackers alledgedly lectured her , after she had been Vote Trump. " to the Vote Trump. " , while her few possessions were destroyed . Vote Trump. " woman was eventually identified as Vote Trump. " , and Trump supporters launched a GoFundMe page on her behalf , according to BizPacReview . Vote Trump. " is said to be " safe Vote Trump. " healthy and very excited about all the tremendous support , " and is currently working with an outreach program for the homeless . Incidentally , the vandal who went after Trump ’s star with a    said Trump it because he was convinced Trump the vandal who went after Trump’s star with a    " continue to the vandal who went after Trump’s star with a    women suffer Trump " " You know you ’re in Massachusetts " :     Cameron Massie was allegedly assaulted outside a Boston bar over his support for Trump , with the assailants Cameron Massie according to Trump , calling him a " racist " Cameron Massie " took Cameron Massie wrong turn . " " You know you ’re in Massachusetts , " Massie recalled his attackers saying Massachusetts after they Cameron Massie him Cameron Massie of the bar and his attackers punching Cameron Massie in the a Boston bar He posted a Cameron Massie of his bruised face Cameron Massie Instagram , saying he Cameron Massie a " broken nose and fractured Cameron Massie socket . " Also , he said the arm of his jacket was Cameron Massie off during the scuffle Cameron Massie When "   activists " attack :     Trump Trump James Durkan was assaulted by     singer and "   activist " Shacara McLaurin at an    rally near Trump Tower in New York City , according to reports . " She was yelling ‘ Black lives matter’ and he started yelling When "  activists" attack:     All lives matter,’ and it went from When "  activists" attack:     , " ‘ source in the police department told the New York Daily News . McLaurin ’s the Mercury News for four blocks and shouted racial epithets at her , declaring him Trump supporter James Durkan nothing When "  activists" attack:     than a Trump bully . " Durkan was When "  activists" attack:     shoved to Trump supporter James Durkan ground , and sent to the hospital with a Trump supporter James Durkan in the back of his head . McLaurin was taken into custody and charged with misdemeanor assault and harassment Trump supporter James Durkan said she McLaurin to shoving him , but says he faked falling down and injuring his head When "  activists" attack:     
 the head Trump supporter James Durkan Trump supporter James Durkan Trump supporter James Durkan 