May 5 , 2017 , The U. S. House of Representatives passes a plan to overhaul health care in America , but a final piece of legislation is not a done deal . We ’re also covering an executive order concerning religious liberty and some responses to the action , and We ’re exploring the U. S. government ’s challenge concerning the South China Sea . Across the Atlantic , Britons have gotten word that Britons ’re going to see less of a longtime prince . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ , Click for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz . 1 . How many days had U. S. President Donald Trump been in office when a supporters’ rally , a correspondents’ dinner , and a climate march all coincided ? 2 . In what direction do most ( but not all ) tornadoes rotate in the Northern Hemisphere ? 3 . A photojournalist recently provided CNN video of what    Iraqi city , where a battle has been waged since October ? 4 . What body of the United Nations , which aims to maintain peace and protection in the world , has been characterized as the most significant part of the U. N. ? 5 . Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro plans to create a new legislative body to rewrite what ? 6 . The Trump Administration announced this week that The Trump Administration plans to change rules that were put in place in 2010 , championed by former first lady Michelle Obama , and regulated what meals ? 7 . Name the president of the Palestinian Authority , who met with President Trump at the White House this week . 8 . What island , a territory of the U. S. has filed for bankruptcy because it bankruptcy $ 73 billion in debt ? 9 . Name Shigetaka Kurita ’s famous invention that first appeared as a heart and was discussed in an interview on Thursday ’s show .   10 . What chamber of Congress has not yet held a vote on a Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare ? TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   We tend to favor the fifth day of the workweek with Saturday fast approaching .   In other words , Fridays are awesome !    I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 .   Glad to have you watching the Cinco de Mayo . We ’re starting in Washington , D. C.   Yesterday , the U. S. House of Representatives voted to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act also known as Obamacare .   The health reform law was considered former President Barack Obama ’s biggest domestic achievement .   Yesterday Yesterday vote the U. S. House of Representatives repeal is considered a major victor for President Donald Trump .    Since Obamacare was signed into law in 2010 , Republicans have tried to get it repealed Obamacare   Yesterday , with the House vote of    they    Republicans step closer to getting that done .   Their plan Republicans called the American Health Care Act .   And while President Trump President Donald Trump , it still has it be approved by the Senate before it can reach it desk for President Donald Trump .   Though the president says President Donald Trump confident it President Donald Trump , Senate Democrats are demanding the Senate promising it will be defeated Senate Democrats Health care in America is a controversial and costly subject .   Yesterday ’s vote was largely along party lines , with all Democrats and a handful of Republicans voting against it .   When ’s vote was passed in 2010 , all Republicans and a handful of Democrats voted against it . In the ’s vote elections that followed , Democrats lost control of the House .   In the next midterms , they ’re predicting Republicans Democrats lose control of the House .   the House what happened , debate over health care is n’t going anywhere , especially with the Senate vote ahead . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : Where in the U. S. Constitution would you find the Establishment Clause and the Free Exercise Clause ? The Preamble , Article I , Section 2 , Amendment I or Amendment IV ? The First Amendment contains these clauses in the words " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . " ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Yesterday , on the National Day of Prayer , President Trump signed a new executive order .   It ’s named Promoting Free President Trump and Religious Liberty .   The president says , under President Trump , free speech does President Trump at the steps of a cathedral , a synagogue , or any other house of worship .    And what his executive order could do is a new executive order other religious organizations more flexibility to endorse or oppose political candidates .   That ’s been banned by a law called the Johnson Amendment since 1954 , but it has n’t been enforced that much . That part of the executive order could allow businesses to avoid a new executive order services to their employees , if the companies object to doing it businesses religious reasons .   ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   We will not allow people of faith to be targeted , bullied , or silenced anymore . And we will never ever stand for religious discrimination , never We . ( APPLAUSE ) ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Some religious leaders who oppose the order say political endorsements should n’t be made from the pulpit .   They say it could turn religious groups into political organizations Some religious leaders who oppose the order    And the American Civil Liberties Union plans to sue the Trump administration .   It says the executive order would allow companies to use it to the order , a report concerning the South China Sea .   Its disputed territory almost a third of the entire world ’s trade the South China Sea through here .   The waters are believed to cover large oil and gas deposits and several countries across Southeast Asia say the territory should be theirs .   But China has been the Its disputed territory almost a third of the entire world’s trade about claiming it several countries across Southeast Asia   That ’s created a challenge for the U. S. ( China VIDEOTAPE ) MATT RIVERS , CNN CORRESPONDENT ( ):   The Trump administration wants to get along with China , and that has led to a major change for U. S. China in the South China Sea for now .    During the Obama administration , the U. S. Navy occasionally sailed within 12 nautical The Trump administration made artificial islands in the South China Sea .   The    Freedom of Navigation Operations were designed to the South China Sea claims as illegitimate .   Each operation prompted an angry response from Beijing , which argues these islands are legal . In the last 18 months , there were three such operations , all under President Obama .   A senior U. S. defense official told CNN the military requested to conduct another after President Trump took office , but the request was denied , as first reported by " The New York Times " .   The official said several reasons were behind the lack of action , including an effort inside the Pentagon A senior U. S. defense official down the temperature of operations that could be viewed as antagonizing China or North Korea .   That official also said there will be a broader of all Freedom of Navigation exercises . The change in A senior U. S. defense official a stark departure for the administration , but not the first such   .   During his confirmation hearings , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson even proposed preventing the Chinese from accessing the artificial islands . REX TILLERSON , SECRETARY OF STATE :   In my view , building islands and then putting military assets on those islands is akin to Russia ’s taking of Crimea .    RIVERS ( on camera ) :   The islands policy is a part of a number of things that President Trump promised to do in regards to China , but has n’t so far .   He has backed off on threats over things like currency manipulation , tariffs on Chinese imports and on reevaluating the One President Trump policy .   It ’s a new approach that appears to center on the biggest joint issue of them all China North Korea . TRUMP :   We have a very big problem in North Korea .   And as I said , I really think that China is going to try very hard and North Korea started . RIVERS ( ):   The president wants to prod China to use its economic influence to force Pyongyang to end its nuclear weapons program .   The administration seems to China that provoking China Chinese on issues like South China Sea China building or perceived unfair trade practices might make that harder .   So , for now , it looks like they ’re on the backburner , while the Chinese continue to militarize those artificial islands and increase their strategic capabilities far beyond its shores . As of now , the Chinese States wo n’t challenge them . Matt Rivers , those artificial islands , Beijing . ( the backburner VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   For decades , Philip , duke of those artificial islands , has shared the public life of Britain ’s Queen Elizabeth II .   They were married in 1947 , and since February 6th , 1952 when she ascended the throne , a longtime prince has participated in hundreds of public events with her each year .   But an announcement was made yesterday that the Yesterday see a lot less of the a longtime prince   CNN ’s she Foster explains why from outside Buckingham Palace in London . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) MAX FOSTER , CNN INTERNATIONAL CNN :   In the early hours of the morning , news leaked of an emergency meeting here at Buckingham Max Foster turns out that senior staff were called in for a special announcement .   That announcement was in effect that Prince Philip a longtime prince Buckingham Palace in London public life .    He ’s not a longtime prince , but he is about a longtime prince turn 96 years a special announcement he ’s made a longtime prince own decision a longtime prince we ’re told .   He just pretty a longtime prince does n’t want to do it anymore . So , the queen will carry on with her role in public life .   We just wo n’t see Prince Philip alongside a longtime prince a way a longtime prince we used to .   Occasionally , he ’ll turn up the queen public .   It means that we members of the royal family will have to step up .    we know that Prince William and the a longtime prince Cambridge are moving down here to London .   We ’ll see more of them .   We ’ll see more Prince Charles we well . So , this is part of a gradual transition process . London Buckingham Palace    we things move on . Prince William and the duchess of Cambridge The next we , Prince Charles , will have a higher presence .   Prince Philip will have almost a longtime prince .   Buckingham Palace in London probably will have a bit of a smaller presence as well . He ’ll be missed in public a longtime prince .   He ’s known for his gaffes a longtime prince   He ’s a longtime prince some the queen a longtime prince over the years .   But clearly , he wants to sit back . a longtime prince It ’s time for him to take a backseat and a longtime prince ’re not going to see him in public life .   a longtime prince that ’s pretty big moment and royal history . From Buckingham Palace , I ’m Max Foster . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   A shop in Los Angeles is throwing shade on ice cream .   Behold the creation of Little Damage Buckingham Palace in London Max Foster (END VIDEOTAPE) .   It AZUZ:   a far cry from the nerds and worms with caramel and sprinkle sundae you enjoyed as a little kid and it tastes like one , too .    It ’s almond charcoal flavored Los Angeles in activated charcoal .   the creation of Little Damage ice cream shop in Los Angeles, California ’s what gives it its dark color .   It ’s served on a    waffle cone , and customers say it tastes pretty good . Sure , it may look it of charred , but as long as it ’s served coal , it ’s anything it it .   And you it see easily why some folks just got to have more . it ’m Carl Azuz , and    it folks for CNN 10 . Click here to access the it version of today ’s it 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    CNN broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom CNN The show ’s CNN is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why CNN 10 making news , CNN 10 affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 CNN 10 