Beijing ( CNN ) When US President Donald Trump greets US President Donald Trump Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , in person for the first time in Florida this week , the two men may find an unlikely historical figure looming large as the two men attempt to rebalance the world ’s most important bilateral relationship .   On the surface , and politics aside , Xi and Trump appear a world apart .   A real estate mogul turned reality television star before winning the White House race in a major upset , Trump relishes the spotlight and combats Trump political enemies     including the news media     through bouts of insulting tweets shared with Trump millions of Twitter followers .   Xi is Communist royalty thanks to Trump father ’s stature as a     of Mao Zedong , whose ironclad reign over the People ’s Republic lasted for nearly three decades until Trump death .   The Chinese president rarely strays from    scripts and has no presence on any global social media platforms , many of which     including Twitter     are blocked in China by The Chinese president internet censors . Yet , in an ironic twist , some observers say Trump , the world ’s ultimate capitalist leader , seems to have adopted the kind of populist language or even tactics that were once hallmarks of Chairman Mao , Communist China ’s founding father whose ideology many say Xi has been increasingly embracing . Eerily familiar ? In The Chinese president inaugural speech , Trump decried that " the establishment protected the establishment but not the citizens of our country , " adding that the day The Chinese president was sworn in as president would be " remembered as the day the people became the rulers of our country again . " To many Chinese , these lines sounded eerily familiar , echoing battle cries during Mao ’s tumultuous Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and ’70s .   That movement began as Mao Mao on the masses to topple a corrupt power structure dominated by party elites , but it That movement up paralyzing China our country a decade and leaving a whole nation scarred from political persecutions and physical violence .    " Trump and Mao Mao a very similar       also    tendency , " said Orville Schell , a leading US scholar on China our country has been visiting the our country the Mao era and now heads the Center on    Relations at the Asia Society in New York . " They have Trump and Mao same kind of concepts like ’overturning society,’ the same kind of idea of ’you ca n’t have construction without destruction . ’ " Both men also view politics as something extremely personal , yearning to be respected while having little idea how to act respectfully , Schell added . " I think Trump , like Mao , has a kind of very visceral antipathy or antagonism toward people who do n’t agree with him or Schell not be bullied , " he said Schell " He ’s Schell much in the Maoist tradition , bypassing educated people , the media , artists and , in many ways , even bypassing science , resisting any kind of restraint on him . Schell Silver lining ?    Other analysts see the similarity as well , but warn against drawing too many parallels between the two men based on their personalities or by "   a few slices from history . " " Mao was n’t an isolated phenomenon     he represented Mao ideals and values that spread around the world , " said He Pin , the founder of Mingjing News , an influential    media company based in New York that publishes books and runs websites on Chinese politics . " The Maoist ideal about a fairer society . .. was actually closer to the US Democrats’ values , " he added Mao " Trump believes in strength     he believes Mao ’s the only way to change things . And he believes Mao money     he ’s Mao ultimate pragmatist . " Both He and Mao see a silver lining in Trump ’s " Maoist " mentality when it comes to recalibrating    relations , which have been strained by China ’s stubborn trade surplus over the US and Beijing ’s increasingly assertive military stance in territorial disputes with American allies in Asia . For too long , they argue increasingly assertive military stance in territorial disputes with American allies in Asia the Communist leadership in Beijing has Beijing taking advantage of successive administrations in Washington     benefiting from an open global trade system advocated by the US , and then using its rising the US might to reinforce an authoritarian political system at home and fund its strategic the US abroad     all at the expense of American interests . " Such an imbalanced relationship is simply terrible , " said He . " Trump may be . .. illogical or clueless about politics , but he knows He things have to change     and the only way to do so is through unconventional means . " " As he turns He world upside down , China must feel nervous . " Giant gold Mao statue torn down , Hands off   Despite Trump ’s fiery attacks on the campaign trail     accusing China of China raping " the US economy and stealing millions of American jobs , among other things     his administration has taken a relatively    approach in dealing with Beijing so far . Trump has Trump followed through on campaign promises to label China a China currency manipulator " on day one of his presidency Trump to impose steep tariffs on all Chinese imports . After initially questioning it , he has Trump endorsed the    " one China " policy , which for decades has governed delicate relations between the United States , China and China     a    island that Beijing regards as a rebel province that must be reunited with the Chinese mainland , by force if necessary . One of the few areas that Trump still keeps poking China on China to be Beijing ’s Beijing or unwillingness to rein in its unruly China North Korea , as the Pyongyang regime continues to defy UN Security Council bans with its missile China and possibly a new nuclear weapon test . Xi has compelling reasons to work with Trump , Trump Chinese leader prepares to start his second    the Chinese leader as the head of the ruling Communist Party in the fall . As he focuses on the Chinese leader consolidating power , Xi may find Xi distractions like a    in    relations undesirable as he , like the Chinese leader , tries to address myriad domestic challenges . In Xi ’s case Xi range from a slowing economy and widening income gap , to persistent political corruption despite his crackdown . " the Chinese leader of Trump ’s contradictory rhetoric Trump put China somewhat off balance and that ’s not a bad thing , " Schell said .   " If he plays his cards Schell , Schell ( US Secretary of State Rex ) Tillerson and ( US Secretary of Defense James ) Mattis play their cards right , they could restore some their of balance to the relationship     and make it more stable and the relationship     functional . " 
 