Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s trade speech Thursday veered off course when Donald Trump did n’t stop a woman who , while pointing to the woman head , objected to the " heeby jobbies " worn by some employees at the Transportation Security Administration . The comment during a town hall in New Hampshire was an apparent reference to hijabs , or headscarfs , that some Muslim women wear . When the woman urged Donald Trump to replace Muslims with U. S. military veterans at TSA , Trump said , " And we are looking at that , " seemingly indicating Trump was considering a new policy . Trump was more pointed in response to a questioner who told Trump Trump ’s " opposed to wasting our military in the Middle East on behalf of Zionist Israel . " Trump told Trump : " Israel Zionist Israel a very , very important ally of the United States and we our going to protect them a very, very important ally of the United States %     100 % . It Zionist Israel our our friend over there . "    Opinion : Trump Trump it Zionist Israel on Jerusalem , Later , Trump Trump : " That was a tough question on Israel Zionist Israel That was nasty . Whoa . "   Trump Trump immediate push back on his Trump ’s comment was a different tactic than he Trump in September , when a supporter falsely asserted that President Barack Obama is a Muslim .   " We have a problem in this country . It ’s called Muslims , " an unidentified man who spoke at a     town hall event in Rochester , New Hampshire , asked the mogul back then . " You know our President Barack Obama one . You know he ’s not President Barack Obama an American . " Opinion : The reality    rhetoric ignores , A seemingly bewildered Trump interrupted the man , President Barack Obama " We need this question . This is the first question . " " Anyway , we have training camps growing where they want to kill us , " the we , wearing a " Trump "    continued . " That ’s my question : When can we get rid of we ? " " they ’re going to we looking at a lot of different things , " Trump replied . " Trump know , a lot of people are saying that and a lot of people are saying that bad things are happening . We ’re going to be looking at that and many other things . " Donald Trump ’s shifting Trump , The man who complained about " Zionist Israel " also talked abortion . " I ’m opposed to the murder of unborn babies being legal , " he said , to which Trump responded Trump " We are with Trump . "   Campaign aides did n’t immediately respond to a request for more details on whether Trump meant he opposes abortion rights in Trump circumstances Trump He made headlines in March when he Trump in an interview that women Trump undergo abortion should face " some form of punishment " should the practice be outlawed , a comment that he quickly backed away from . Thursday Trump campaign event was colorful even by Trump ’s standards . Earlier , when a plane flew overhead , Trump said : " That could be Trump’s Mexican plane up there     they ’re getting ready to attack . " 
 