  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , seeing vulnerabilities for Donald Trump in Arizona and Georgia , says Hillary Clinton’s campaign, seeing vulnerabilities for Donald Trump in Arizona and Georgia plans to expand Hillary Clinton’s campaign, seeing vulnerabilities for Donald Trump in Arizona and Georgia political and organizing operations in the two states in the coming weeks , according to Democrats with knowledge of the plans . The potential Democratic investment in Georgia and Arizona is less about a    belief that Clinton will win them , but rather to expand the battleground map and make Trump fights hard for those two red states . Though that ’s all hypothetical , as an outside group that takes its cues from the Clinton campaign says its has no plans currently to play in Arizona and Georgia . Still the Clinton campaign has incentive to talk up efforts in those two red states . If the Trump campaign the Clinton campaign concentrate on Georgia and Arizona , it Georgia time and money the Clinton campaign could be devoting elsewhere Trump " We ca n’t take our focus off the places We will actually get us to 270 electoral votes We " a Clinton adviser said , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss strategy . " If he ’s fighting for Arizona Trump Georgia , he has a big problem Trump " A Clinton adviser says this exploratory Clinton is designed to " force Trump to fight for Arizona and Georgia . " Arizona and Georgia Clinton ’s Brooklyn headquarters held Clinton Democratic Party officials in Arizona and Georgia on Monday to discuss a Arizona and Georgia those Georgia states , pledging that the money will not only help Clinton and her presidential campaign , Clinton also Clinton two Senate campaigns that are currently being run against incumbent Republicans . The idea inside Clinton ’s Brooklyn headquarters : If Clinton within striking distance in Arizona Clinton Georgia , two state that have n’t voted for a Democrat in a presidential election since the ’90s , Trump has a narrow path to 270 electoral votes . That said , Democrats said Tuesday that there is growing confidence that Clinton could win in Arizona and Georgia Clinton especially if the local parties can turn Arizona and Georgia and white women . In Arizona , Democrats believe they need to boost Latino turnout , Arizona particular , to win in Democrats . And in Georgia , Democrats think high turnout among    in the Atlanta area could Georgia to Democrats winning the state for the first time since 1992 . While Clinton world is Georgia early foray into the two states , her super PACs have yet to move . A spokesman for Priorities USA says Clinton currently have no ad buys in either state and " no plans to her super PACs spend in either state . " " We continue to make decisions about how to best allocate resources week to week Priorities USA are monitoring both states , " said Justin Barasky , a spokesman for the super PAC . 
 