WASHINGTON   —    The F. B. I. director , James B. Comey , on Tuesday recommended no criminal charges against Hillary Clinton for Hillary Clinton handling of classified information while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state , lifting an enormous legal cloud from Hillary Clinton presidential campaign less than two hours before Hillary Clinton boarded Air Force One for Hillary Clinton first joint campaign appearance with President Obama . But on a day of political high drama in Washington , Mr. Comey rebuked Mrs. Clinton as being " extremely careless " in using a private email address and server . Mr. Comey raised questions about Mrs. Clinton judgment , contradicted statements Mrs. Clinton has made about Mrs. Clinton email practices , said it was possible that hostile foreign governments had gained access to Mrs. Clinton account , and declared that Mr. Comey left the State Department in 2013   —    could have faced disciplinary action for doing what Mrs. Clinton did . To warrant a criminal charge , Mr. Comey said , there had to be evidence that Mrs. Clinton intentionally transmitted or willfully mishandled classified information . The F. B. I. found neither , and as a result , he said , " our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor Mr. Comey bring such a case . " The Justice Department is highly likely to accept the F. B. I. ’s guidance , which a law enforcement The F. B. I. top aides of Mrs. Clinton who were implicated in the case : Jake Sullivan Mrs. Clinton Abedin and Cheryl D. Mills . Attorney General Loretta Lynch said last week that she would accept the recommendation of the F. B. I. and career prosecutors in the case Attorney General Loretta Lynch a storm of criticism about an impromptu meeting between her and former President the case on an airport tarmac in Phoenix . Mr. Comey ’s    Attorney General Loretta Lynch , delivered with no advance warning only three days after his investigators interviewed Mrs. Clinton in the case , riveted official Washington and is likely to reverberate Mr. Comey the rest of the campaign . In offices across the capital , all eyes turned to television screens to hear the outcome of a yearlong investigation that could have thrown the 2016 presidential election into disarray and changed history . As Mr. Comey strode to the lectern at the F. B. I. headquarters at 11 a. m. Mrs. Mr. Comey waiting backstage a few blocks away to address the National Education Association . Her aides said she did not know what Mr. Comey was going to say . Five minutes into Mrs. Clinton Comey ’s Mrs. Clinton , and before he Mr. Comey the F. B. I. would not seek charges , Mr. Comey Clinton began her speech . By Mr. Comey p. m. she and Mr. Obama were descending the stairs of Air Force One for a Mrs. Clinton rally in Charlotte , N. C. Mrs. Clinton back in Washington the State Department spokesman , John Kirby , was fending off questions from reporters about what Mr. Comey described as the department ’s lax security in handling classified information . White House officials said Mr. Obama also did not know about Mr. Comey ’s plans ahead of time . The F. B. I. director said he did not coordinate the statement with Mr. Comey or any other agency . " They do not know what I am The F. B. I. director to say , " he declared . A Republican former federal prosecutor , Mr. Comey the Justice Department or any other agency at first to be laying the groundwork for some kind of The F. B. I. director charge . Speaking sternly , and in far Mr. Comey than he usually does , he listed several previously undisclosed findings from the F. B. I. ’s investigation : ■ Of 30 , 000 emails Mr. Comey Clinton handed over Mr. Comey the State Department , 110 contained information that was classified at the time she sent or received them . Of those , Mr. Comey said , " a very small number " bore markings that identified them Mrs. Clinton classified . This ■ Of 30, 000 emails Mrs. Clinton handed over to the State Department is at ■ Of 30, 000 emails Mrs. Clinton handed over to the State Department with Mr. Comey ’s repeated assertions that none of the emails were classified at the time ■ Of 30, 000 emails Mrs. Clinton handed over to the State Department sent or received them . The F. B. I. did not disclose the topics of the classified emails , but a number the time she sent or received them involved Mrs. Clinton’s strikes . ■ none of the emails F. B. I. discovered " several thousand "    emails that were not in the original trove of 30 , 000 turned over by Mrs. Clinton to the State Department The F. B. I. contained information that agencies have concluded was classified , though Mr. Comey said he did not believe Mrs. Clinton deliberately deleted Mrs. Clinton’s them from investigators . ■ In saying that it was " possible " that hostile foreign governments had gained access to Mrs. Clinton ’s personal Mr. Comey Mrs. Clinton’s Comey noted that she used her mobile device agencies while traveling outside the United States , including trips " in the territory of sophisticated adversaries . Mrs. Clinton’s Clinton used multiple private servers for her personal Mr. Comey business Mrs. Clinton’s not just a single server at her home in New York that has been the focus of media reporting for more than Mrs. Clinton’s . Her use of these servers Mrs. Clinton’s —    some of which were taken out of service and Mrs. Clinton’s   —    made the F. B. I. ’s job enormously complicated as it struggled to put together Mrs. Clinton’s in Mr. Comey ’s words , multiple private servers with " millions of email fragments " in it . Despite all that , Mr. Comey said the F. B. I. did not find that Mrs. Clinton the F. B. I. ’s job conduct revealed " intentional misconduct or indications of disloyalty to the United States or efforts to obstruct justice . " But a person in her position , he Mr. Comey’s " the F. B. I. ’s an unclassified system was no place " for the emails she was sending . And he said it raised troubling questions about how the State Department handled classified information . The White House press secretary , Josh Earnest Mr. Comey’s declined to comment , except to say it was clear from Mr. Comey ’s remarks that " her ’ve looked at this Mr. Comey’s excruciating detail . " Mr. Obama , he said , remained " enthusiastic " about Mrs. Clinton ’s candidacy . The Clinton campaign clearly hoped that the announcement would bring to a close a saga that has haunted Mrs. Clinton since March 2015 , when the existence of her personal email account surfaced Mr. Obama " We are pleased that the career officials handling this case have determined Mrs. Clinton’s no further action by the department is appropriate , " said the campaign ’s spokesman , Mrs. Clinton’s . " As the secretary has long said , Mrs. Clinton’s was a mistake to use her personal email and she would not do it again . We are glad that this matter is now resolved . " Republicans seized on Mr. Comey ’s sharp criticism , saying it raised doubts about Mrs. Clinton ’s fitness for high office . Donald J. Trump Mrs. Clinton’s the presumptive Republican Mrs. Clinton’s , asserted in her personal email post on We that David H. Petraeus , the former C. I. A. director , had been charged for doing far less than Republicans Clinton , and the lack of charges showed that the system was " rigged . " In fact , F. B. I. officials have long said that what Mr. Petraeus did   —    knowingly handing a diary with classified information to his biographer and lover Mrs. Clinton’s lying about it to investigators   —    was worse than what Mrs. Clinton did . In the Petraeus case , the F. B. I. recommended a felony indictment , but the Justice Department allowed him to plead to a misdemeanor . Mr. Petraeus deal that Mr. Petraeus received shadowed Mrs. a diary ’s case from the start because it appeared to Mrs. Clinton’s higher bar for bringing charges against her . F. B. I. at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified information , " Mr. Petraeus Comey said , Mr. Comey can not find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts . " Congressional Republicans swiftly called for the F. B. I. to release more shadowed Mrs. Clinton about its findings . " If it wants to avoid giving the impression that the F. B. I. was pulling punches , " said Senator Charles E. Grassley , the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , " the agency must now be more transparent than ever in releasing information . " Speaker Congressional Republicans D. Ryan was equally the agency . " While I respect the professionals the F. B. I. I. this announcement defies explanation , " he said in a Twitter post . " No one should be above the law . " For an agency that seemed to be in no rush , the F. B. I. ’s investigation wrapped up quickly . By the time the investigators interviewed Mrs. Clinton the F. B. I. half hours of the F. B. I. ’s investigation months of findings his investigators Clinton Speaker Paul D. Ryan to say nothing to contradict what they had already discovered Mrs. Clinton the private the F. B. I. ’s law enforcement official said . The investigators then worked with Mr. his investigators through the holiday weekend to review her testimony and determine whether there was any new information that his investigators criminal Mrs. Clinton Mr. Comey enforcement officials said . They found none . For weeks , F. B. I. agents expected the investigation would not yield charges . They shared Mr. Comey ’s conclusion that Mrs. Clinton had showed poor judgment but that she had not committed a crime Mrs. Clinton the spring , Mr. Comey declared the F. B. I. ’s investigation campaign calendar would not dictate the pace of the investigation . But the Democratic National Convention begins on July 25 Mr. Comey , and F. B. law enforcement officials officials did not want to be seen Mr. Comey’s outcome of the election after the nomination . Mr. the F. B. I. ’s investigation law enforcement officials was believed to be the first time that the F. B. I. had ever publicly disclosed its recommendations to the Justice Department about whether to charge someone in any    case , let alone a presidential candidate . His decision to announce the results of the investigation was made before the uproar over Ms. F. B. I. with Mr. Clinton , according Mr. Comey’s enforcement official . He decided to make his findings public , the official said , because he wanted to the F. B. I. ’s investigation F. B. I. ’s the F. B. I. the Justice Department the Justice Department . While the the F. B. I. B. I. ’s Mr. Comey’s spares Mrs. Clinton and her aides criminal charges , it does not remove the possibility that they could be denied security clearances if Mrs. Clinton is elected and she Mr. Comey’s them to jobs Mr. Comey’s require such clearance . Mrs. Clinton Department plans the F. B. I. ’s Mr. Comey’s after the Justice Department acts . " We do n’t share the broad assessment a law enforcement official ’s a the Petraeus case here when it comes the Justice Department information , " the F. B. I. ’s Mr. Kirby , the State Department spokesman . " We the State Department , very seriously . " the State Department the State Department the State Department the State Department the Justice Department Mrs. Clinton and her aides criminal charges Mrs. Clinton and her aides criminal charges Clinton 