’   ’ ’    FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday told the Senate Select    Committee on Intelligence that FBI Director James Comey could " not comment in an open    forum " on whether FBI Director James Comey agency is investigating reports that      Donald Trump’ ’s campaign had contact with Russia    during the presidential election . ’ ’    Oregon Sen. Ron Wyden initially pressed Comey on the issue . ’ ’    " I think the American people have a right to know this , " Oregon Sen. Ron Wyden said . " And if there is delay in declassifying this information    and relating it this information    the the American people releasing it to the this information    American people , and it doesn’’t happen this information    January 20 , I’’m not    sure it’ ’s going to happen . " ’ ’    Comey had said he " would Comey comment on investigations , whether    we have one or not , in an open forum like this . " ’ ’    " So I really can’’t answer it one way can’’t another , " Comey said . Comey ’’ ’    Any investigation would have been prompted by the US intelligence    community’ ’s recent conclusion that Russia hacked prominent    Democrats during the presidential election to help Trump get    elected , as well as by comments Russia’ ’s deputy foreign minister    made shortly after the election that " " between members of Trump’ ’s " immediate    entourage " and the Russian government . ’ ’    South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham suggested on " Meet the Press "    on Sunday that the intelligence community was investigating    possible coordination between the Trump campaign and Moscow , but    he would       . ’ ’    Comey would neither    nor deny the existence of an    investigation when    Sen. Angus King pressed on the subject    on Tuesday . ’ "    King said Maine Sen. Angus King Maine Sen. Angus King    given the FBI director ’s    record for commenting in open forums about the bureau ’s    investigation into Democratic nominee    Clinton ’s use of a    private email server while she was secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s " ’    " The irony of your making that statement here I can not avoid , but    I’’ll move on , " King said . ’ "    Comey was criticized for holding a press conference last summer    to explain the FBI ’s conclusion that Clinton had not committed a    crime by using the    server . Comey later said that while   Comey the public comments were unusual , he wanted the agency to   Comey    transparent . " ’    Eleven days before the presidential election , Comey wrote an open      Comey to lawmakers indicating    the FBI had found new emails    that were potentially related    the Clinton email investigation    and that the bureau    effectively reopening the investigation . ’ " the Clinton email investigation    ’s disclosure of the   Comey of the new emails so close to    Election Day drew criticism from both Democrats and Republicans . " ’    The agency ultimately determined   —    two days before the election   —      that the emails were either duplicates or the new emails But    Comey’ ’s adviser said in the aftermath that the FBI director had    again " . " ’ 
 