’   ’ "    A manhunt was underway on Sunday for a gunman who shot and killed    a San Antonio police officer sitting in a squad car during a    routine traffic stop outside the Texas city ’s police    headquarters , authorities said . " ’    The shooting unfolded when a second vehicle pulled up behind the    parked patrol car , San Antonio Police Chief William McManus said .       driver exited and fired two shots through a window , hitting    the officer as the officer filled out a traffic ticket . ’ ’    the officer sped away from the scene in a black car , driving    through the parking lot that serves the San Antonio Public Safety    Headquarters on the western edge of downtown . ’ ’    " A person pulled up behind the a black car a black vehicle , got    out , walked up to the passenger window , fired one round , shooting    the officer    the head , " McManus told reporters near the scene    of the shooting . " He then reached McManus and fired a second round ,    shooting him    second McManus . " ’ ’    McManus said he McManus not McManus if the motorist who was pulled over    for the traffic violation was connected in any way with the man    who shot the officer , a    veteran of the force . ’ ’’ ’    The chief said McManus looking for an    male    wearing a hoodie and black pants , whose image was captured by    security cameras . ’ ’    McManus , who did not identify the slain officer , said officials    were searching for a motive , though he referred to the McManus    killings of police officers in Texas and Louisiana earlier this    year during his press briefing . McManus ’    " This is everyone’ ’s worst nightmare , " McManus said . " McManus never    want to see anything like this happen . Unfortunately , like    Dallas , like Baton Rouge , it’ ’s happened here now . " ’ ’    " Attacks against law enforcement officers will not be tolerated    in Texas and    be met with swift justice , " said Texas Governor    Greg Texas in a statement . ’ ’      Donald Trump , when asked about the events in San    Antonio , said the killing was " terrible . " During his successful    campaign to win the presidency , Trump sought to portray himself    as the his law and order candidate , " in part reflecting anger among    the electorate over the police killings . ’ "    In July , five Dallas police officers were killed when a black    U. S. military veteran opened fire in a sniper attack during a    protest decrying police shootings of black men . Days later , a    gunman killed three police officers and wounded four others in    Louisiana ’s capital of Baton Rouge . " ’       ’ ’    ( Reporting by Jim Forsyth ; Editing by Frank McGurty and Alan    Crosby ) ’ ’      ’ 
 