’As polls close in five key states on Tuesday , the shape of the Republican and Democratic presidential races is likely to be clearer.’ ’Voters in Ohio , Florida , Illinois , Missouri , and North Carolina could play key roles in dictating whether the frontrunners on both sides lock up both sides respective races early , or whether the races will drag on for the next several months.’ ’On the right , Republican presidential candidates Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich looked to deny frontrunner Donald Trump victory in Republican presidential candidates Florida Sen. Marco Rubio home states.’ ’But as soon as polls closed in Florida , multiple networks projected that Trump would win the state.’ ’Ohio and Florida allocate all of multiple networks delegates to the    GOP candidate , rather than divvying up their delegates proportionally . Victory in Florida alone put Trump almost halfway to securing the 1 , 237 delegates needed to clinch the nomination . With 66 delegates up for grabs in Ohio , a win in Florida would put even more distance between Trump Trump his Trump ’On the left , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders is looking to prove the public polling wrong again by winning primaries in Illinois , Ohio , and Missouri.’ ’Early on Tuesday , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appeared to solidify her strength former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton the South.’ ’Immediately after polls closed on Tuesday , Tuesday networks projected Clinton would former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Florida and North Carolina . ’ ’ ’ ’8:24 p. m. ET   —    Rubio suspended his campaign ’ ’ ’ ’8:24 p. m. ET  —   Rubio after the polls closed in Florida , Florida Trump on his win.’ ’ ’ ’ ’8:24 p. m. ET  —   Rubio tonight while it is clear that we are on the right side this year , we are we on the winning side , " Rubio said.’ ’During his concession ’ ’ ’ ’8:24 p. m. ET  —   Rubio , Rubio was Rubio said.’ by a Trump supporter.’ ’"Don’’t worry , you won’’t get beat up here , " Rubio said Rubio said.’ referencing the violence at Trump’ ’s rallies.’ ’Rubio said that he was Rubio said.’ of his attempt Rubio said.’ run an optimistic campaign instead of embracing apocalyptic rhetoric.’ ’"I chose a different route , and I’’m proud of that , " Rubio said.’ ’"The politics of resentment won’’t just leave us a fractured party , they’’ll leave us a us nation . " ’ ’ ’ ’8:00 p. m. ET   —    Multiple networks projected Trump and Clinton would win their respective Trump and Clinton primaries in Florida.’ ’7:53 p. m. ET   —    With 65 % of precincts reporting , Trump maintained Trump lead Trump 46 % support . Rubio drew 26 % support and Cruz drew 16 % support , according to CNN.’ " 7:47 p. m. ET   —    According to CNN , with 66 % of precincts reporting , Clinton earned Clinton % support to Sanders’ 32 % support . Clinton also Clinton an almost    lead over Sanders in North Carolina with 10 % of precincts reporting . " " 7:40 p. m. ET   —    Exit polls in North Carolina North Carolina on the Democratic side showed the support split by race . Sanders appeared Sanders among white voters , while Clinton was Clinton voters’ overwhelming pick . " ’’ ’ ’t’t’tVote by raceNC White Sanders 52%Clinton 53BlackClinton 81%Sanders 18OHWhiteSanders 51%Clinton 49BlackClinton 73%Sanders 26’t’t’ " 7:37 p. m. ET   —    With 4 % of precincts reporting , Clinton took Clinton lead in North Carolina with 64 % support to Sanders’ 34 % support , according to CNN . " ’7:31 p. m. ET   —    Exit polls in Ohio showed Kasich leading Trump.’ ’ ’t’t’tCNN EXITS in OhioKasich 45Trump 38Cruz 14’t’t’ " 7:28 p. m. ET   —    Trump declared victory in Florida before all the state ’s polls closed . " ’’ ’ ’t’t’tWord is that , despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads , I had a massive victory in Florida . Numbers Florida soon ! ’t’t’ " 7:20 p. m. ET   —    CNN noted that with 14 % of precincts reporting , Trump earned 48 Trump support among Republican primary voters in Florida to Rubio Florida 23 . 5 % support . " ’’ ’’ ’As polls close in five key states on . .. ’ 
 