It took just a few hours , after Donald J. Trump announced a major staff    last week , for Hillary Clinton ’s campaign team to settle on a new buzzword . " Donald J. Trump peddles conspiracy theories , " her campaign manager , Robby Mook , said of Donald J. Trump on MSNBC . " We hear rehashed conspiracy theories , " he Donald J. Trump moments later . " He Donald J. Trump down on this today , " Mr. Mook said , wrapping up , " by appointing someone to lead his Donald J. Trump who makes these conspiracy theories basically his Donald J. Trump mission . " For the better part of two decades , the invocation of a " vast    conspiracy " against the Clintons , as Mrs. Clinton famously called it the Clintons allegations of sexual misconduct engulfed her Mrs. Clinton ’s administration , has elicited eye rolls even among some of the couple ’s allies . It was not worth amplifying such attacks by responding to them such attacks advisers often reasoned . And any discussion of a secret plot to undercut the Clintons risked sounding like paranoia , peevishness or just an attempt to duck responsibility . But with Mr. Trump ’s appointment of Stephen K. Bannon , the executive chairman of the conservative website Breitbart News , as his Mr. Trump’s campaign chief , Mrs. Clinton and her Clinton orbit have sensed an unfamiliar opportunity : The    vast    conspiracy might actually be lending her Clinton hand . For longtime Clinton allies , the elevation of Mr. Bannon has inspired competing emotions . There is a sense of vindication , bordering on the surreal   —    a      impulse that can not be suppressed as purveyors of conspiracy theories seize the reins of an actual Republican presidential campaign . " She was right that there were these dark forces at work that were trained on her She her She , " said Lissa Muscatine , a friend of Mrs. Clinton ’s and longtime chief speechwriter . " The extent of it did n’t really add up for people at the time , but maybe now it it . " Yet after more than two decades of attacks from conservatives   —    some seizing on Mrs. Mrs. Clinton missteps , her former aides Clinton , but most generally groundless   —    others worry that an even darker turn is possible , given the advisers now guiding Mr. Trump ’s campaign . In addition to Mr. Bannon , Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump’s the advice of Roger Ailes , the founder and recently ousted chairman of Fox News , and Roger J. Stone Jr. whose 2015 book , " The Clintons’ War on Women , " accused Mrs. Clinton of being a lesbian , shaming her husband ’s sexual Mrs. Clinton and playing a role in the death of Vincent W. Foster Jr. the deputy White House counsel who committed suicide in 1993 . " This is beyond anything anyone even thought about in their worst nightmare , anyone Mickey Kantor , a longtime Clinton family friend who was the United States trade representative and secretary of commerce under President Bill Clinton , said of the new conservative coterie around Mr. Trump . David Brock , an ardent defender of Mrs. Clinton , said , " The conspirators of the ’90s were a ragtag bunch operating in secrecy and as a fringe subset of the conservative movement . " Mr. Brock , a charter member of that " ragtag bunch " before having a political conversion , added , " Today ’s equivalent is more a conglomerate than a conspiracy . " Indeed , Mr. Bannon ’s website   —    which had over 18 . 3 million unique visitors in July , according to data from comScore   —    has featured stories about the "   code " in Mrs. Clinton ’s language suggested that Khizr Khan , who criticized Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention and whose son , an Army captain , was killed in Iraq , should blame Mrs. Clinton for his Mrs. Clinton’s death and Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton ’s team was Mrs. Clinton’s " whatever scraps of humanity can be found in her soulless ,    heart . " Mrs. Clinton’s as Mr. Trump has raised questions about Mrs. Clinton ’s health , saying she Mrs. Clinton’s mental and physical stamina " Mrs. Clinton’s fight terrorism , Breitbart has amplified those claims . " Bizarre behavior , seizure allegations raise doubts about Hillary Clinton ’s health , " read one headline last week . " Clinton crash , " began another , with a Hillary Clinton’s of her briefly stumbling while on stage with Vice President Hillary Clinton’s R. Biden Jr. On Sunday , Rudolph W. Giuliani , a former mayor of New York and a prominent and vocal Trump supporter , joined in , saying on Fox News that voters should " go online and put down ‘ Hillary Clinton illness,’ take a look at the videos Hillary Clinton’s . " The theme is familiar to veterans of the Clinton circle . " They ’ve always had that ‘ Hillary ’s dying!’ " said James Carville , Mr. Clinton ’s chief strategist in the 1992 election . Clinton aides said their playbook called for a careful balancing Mr. Clinton’s : ignoring Clinton aides dismissing Mr. Trump ’s most outlandish attacks , while also encouraging independent    at mainstream news outlets to debunk any that threaten to gain traction . So as insinuations about Mrs. Clinton ’s health began to spread from conservative websites Mr. Clinton’s Report into Mr. Trump ’s own speeches and Twitter messages , her campaign released Mr. Trump from Mrs. Clinton ’s internist , Dr. Mr. Clinton’s R. Bardack , vouching for Mr. Clinton’s health " and providing a summary of her medical history . Mr. Clinton’s Mr. Trump replaying the 1990s , Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Clinton’s and advisers say , she Mr. Trump help but revert Mr. Clinton’s war room mentality , making her eager Mr. Clinton’s fight back aggressively at some of the allegations against her . " Mr. Clinton’s can dismiss Fox News or Breitbart , but this is her Mr. Clinton’s now , Mr. Clinton’s said Patti Solis Doyle , who worked for Mrs. Clinton Mr. Clinton’s 1991 to 2008 . " They ’re just going to have to Mr. Clinton’s contrast with him , respond to attacks . " Not all attacks are equal . Those close to Mrs. Clinton pointed to the    birther questions about President Obama ’s birth certificate , led Mr. Clinton’s other than Mr. Trump : Mr. Obama , they said , may have inadvertently fueled those questions by initially resisting a forceful public rebuke President Obama’s It Those close to Mrs. Clinton gave it credibility to respond , the   birther questions about President Obama’s birth certificate, led by none other than Mr. Trump some point you have to , " Paul Begala , a top strategist for It Clinton ’s 1992 campaign , said of calls for Mr. Obama ’s birth certificate . Theories aside , Mrs. Clinton must tread carefully in blaming Mr. Trump and his allies President Obama’s news media for all of her political problems Mr. Clinton’s all , early questions about Mr. Clinton ’s relationship Mr. Clinton’s a White House intern prompted Mrs. Clinton , then Mr. Clinton’s lady , to suggest the existence of a " Mr. Clinton’s conspiracy " in a 1998 interview on the " Mr. Clinton’s show . But Mrs. Clinton ’s claim was not entirely baseless : Amid a congressional investigation , she and her husband learned of a small team of lawyers who Mr. Clinton’s in secret to bolster a sexual misconduct lawsuit by Paula Jones , helping Mr. Clinton’s push Mr. Clinton’s case into the office of the independent counsel , Kenneth W. Starr . Mr. Starr later expanded his investigation to include the Monica Lewinsky affair . Mrs. Clinton ’s aides evidently see an opening to dismiss Mr. Trump , and Kenneth W. Starr    attacks a congressional investigation Kenneth W. Starr of conspiracy peddlers , " as one news release put it last week . Joel Benenson , Mrs. Clinton ’s chief strategist Mr. Trump pollster , observed that the most effective political attacks were always rooted in truth and delivered by credible sources . " Do his attacks start losing Mr. Benenson . " They may have some trouble , considering the source . " 
 the most effective political attacks 