’   ’ ’    DUBAI ( Reuters )    Iran said on Sunday Iran had negotiated to pay    only about half the announced price for 80 new Boeing airliners    in an order that the American planemaker had said was worth $ 16 . 6    billion . ’ "    Boeing and   Boeing European rival Airbus have ’ "   Boeing and its European rival Airbus signed huge    contracts this month to supply airliners to Iran , the first such    deals since international sanctions were lifted under a deal to    curb Tehran ’s nuclear program . " "    Replacing Iran ’s antiquated civil aviation fleet is one of the    biggest economic opportunities of the 2015 accord to lift    sanctions , which was negotiated by the outgoing administration of    U. S. President Barack Obama . President elect Donald Trump is a    vocal critic of the pact . " "    Despite Iran ’s great need for new planes to replace those from    the sanctions era , Iran has entered the market at a time when    Boeing , Airbus and smaller planemakers have all faced a downturn    in orders , and are therefore expected to offer deep discounts . " ’      Boeing said this month   Boeing was cutting production of   Boeing 777      jet due to a drop in demand . ’ ’’ ’    "   Boeing has announced that   Boeing IranAir contract is worth $ 16 . 6    billion . However , considering the nature of our order and its    choice possibilities , its IranAir contract worth about 50 percent of that amount , " said Deputy    Transport Minister Asghar    quoted by Iran’ ’s IRNA    state news agency . ’ ’    A Boeing   Boeing in Dubai was not available to comment . ’ "    Airbus ’s contract to sell 100 jets to IranAir , signed on    Thursday , would be worth $ $ 20 billion at list prices , but the    head of IranAir has been quoted as saying the value IranAir the    contract would not exceed $ 10 billion . " ’    The government of President Hassan Rouhani , a pragmatist , has    pushed to finalize aircraft deals to show    from the    nuclear accord with world power to end sanctions . He faces    criticism at home from hardliners    the    of the purchases . ’ ’      also said on Sunday that IranAir may exercise an    option to buy 20 more aircraft from ATR , a European maker of    regional turboprops , in addition to a planned firm order of 20 . A    team from the planemaker would arrive in Tehran next week for    final talks . ’ ’    "    final round of talks will be held with ATR representatives    ( next ) week and we expect the IranAir contract to be signed . ..    in the following week , " he told IRNA . ’ ’    " The purchase of 20 planes has been finalised and Iran may buy 20    more planes , " said    adding that the contract for    20 planes was worth less than $ 500 million . ’ ’    In February , ATR ,    by Airbus and Italy’ ’s Finmeccanica     reported preliminary orders from Iran for 20 ATR    aircraft    and Iran for another 20 . IranAir said on Twitter that a new    ATR turboprop would join its fleet " soon " . ’ ’ a new   ATR turboprop ( Reporting by Dubai newsroom , additional reporting by Tim Hepher    in Paris ; editing by Peter Graff ) ’ 
 