’   ’ "    Richard Spencer , a    and leader of the   was punched in the face by a protester in    Washington D. C. following Trump ’s inauguration . " ’    Spencer was posing for a photograph at the corner of 14th and K    Street around 2:30 p. m. when a masked person approached and    punched Spencer twice in the face . ’ ’    " Someone ran up behind him Spencer clocked him Spencer the the face Somebody    in a mask . Spencer kept Spencer , " a witness told . " Then it happened again . " ’ ’    " You hate black black people ! " another protester on the scene    yelled , reports .   ’ ’    " I don’’t hate black people , " Spencer replied Spencer as another    protestor ran up and spat in Spencer’ ’s face , the publication    said .    ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tRichard Spencer just Spencer punched in the face Spencer’’s face ! )    ’ ’    The witness told Jezebel that Spencer is Spencer going to have " a    big face tomorrow . " ’ ’    Spencer was Spencer ushered into a cab by his assistant Spencer ’ ’ ’ " Richard Spencer Spencer in the face during the Spencer’’s face Trump ’s   " ’    Protests   throughout the day   —    resulting    in more than 90 arrests   —    though most of the protesters were    peaceful . ’ ’    Spencer himself   on Friday afternoon , saying he was    " physically Spencer himself   twice by antifas " ( short for      protesters ) . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tI was just physically assaulted twice by antifas . No serious damage . I can take a punch . ’t’t’ ’    Spencer emerged as a prominent Spencer himself   supporter during the chaotic    2016 presidential election   —    most notably leading a group of    supporters in a    salute at a November conference in    Washington D. C. The president disavowed the group Spencer himself   ’    a group of   supporters in a   salute at a November conference in   Washington D. C. on the    app Periscope on Friday afternoon where he    discussed his version of the Spencer     that took Spencer     .   ’ ’    " Someone came out of nowhere , and punched me . He didn’’t really    land one , Someone it didn’’t    that much . But didn’’t didn’’t pretty    remarkable , " Spencer said .    ’   ’ Someone    Spencer described how , as he was Someone interviewed by journalists    Someone the incident , the same person came back and    " " him in the ear . Spencer said the same person after the    attack Someone witnesses circled around him to protect him    from further Someone . ’ Someone    But that was n’t the end of Spencer ’s troubles . Spencer said    Someone he moved away Someone the protesters , another Someone came up    and spat on him . " ’    " This was another person physical assaults , really serious physical    assaults , that occurred , " Spencer    .   ’ ’    " Someone afraid this is going to become the meme to end all    memes . "   ’ 
 