Civil rights activist and one time Democrat candidate for president Reverend Jesse Jackson spoke early during the third day of the Democrat National Convention , straying from president Reverend Jesse Jackson prepared remarks and accidentally calling Democrat VP nominee Tim Kaine " Tom . "   president Reverend Jesse Jackson began president Reverend Jesse Jackson remarks saying president Reverend Jesse Jackson proudly stood in support of Hillary Clinton for President of the United States , but in the same breath also thanked Vermont ’s socialist Senator Bernie Sanders for " energizing this campaign season with ideas and hope . " The aging civil rights leader then went out of The aging civil rights leader and insisted , " The Bern must never grow cold . " The    reverend next took a veiled swipe at GOP nominee Donald Trump by invoking the " stormy season of violent campaign rhetoric " and added , " there ’s a tug of war for America ’s soul . We have a clear choice . Take down walls of separation , and build bridges of hope and unity . " Jackson then laid out some of the reasons American should choose Hillary including that she will Hillary appoint a fair Supreme Court . " The senior Jackson that Jackson has already chosen Hillary " skilled administrator " but garbled the Democrat VP nominee ’s name calling him " Tom Kaine Jackson " The Operation Push chief next insisted that Hillary " can be Hillary to honor the most progressive platform our Party ’s ever had . " Ever obsessed with feeling the pain , the Reverend claimed Hillary Jackson never forget Hillary pain , she will never forget us Hillary " Jackson spent our large part of the under    speech on guns , especially the bloodletting in his hometown of Chicago . Jackson than once in the speech Jackson called for an " Jackson weapons ban . " He told the crowd that Jackson " will be trusted Hillary ban assault weapons turning our communities into killing fields . With 2 , 300 shot in Chicago this year , nearly Chicago killed this year alone . " this year again called to Jackson crowd to " Ban the crowd weapons now . " " Nationally there are about 45 million people still illiterate , more blacks incarcerated than graduate from college these are scars that must be changed , " Jackson continued on the gun Jackson theme . " Hillary understands the historic dimensions of the agony , hope and promise of Black Lives Matter . She knows our scars and our suffering Hillary From Trayvon Martin to our Brown to Alton Sterling , and far too many others , the shootings of young black men must stop . And we deeply regret the killing of police our with powerful assault weapons . They resonate deeply in our soul . the shootings of young black men police should be our today . Ban assault weapons now . " Jackson also said Hillary can be trusted not to " insult our Hispanic neighbors " and called for people to " Stop insulting Muslims now . " " We can trust her not to mass deportation of 15 Hillary people and disrupt our families now , " he added We Jackson went on to Jackson some dubious Jackson about President Obama ’s jobs creation record . President Obama , more jobs , he came to office we had lost Jackson , 000 jobs President Obama, more jobs we have not lost a single job President Obama, more jobs a single month since Barack has been president , shell sustain that drive and keep the hope alive . We ’ve never lost a battle that President Obama, more jobs fought and never won a battle President Obama, more jobs we fought . That journey began in President Obama, more jobs and 1988 , we built a winning coalition , the President Obama, more jobs Coalition , registering and empowering millions of voters . This is a new day . The Reverend ended his remarks with a chant , as The Reverend so often does , saying " The Reverend ’s healing time , it ’s hope time , and it It Hillary time , " over It over again . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 