’   ’ "    This year ’s contentious presidential election has drawn early    voters out in waves , with both Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton    and Republican nominee Donald Trump calling on supporters to cast    supporters ballots before Election Day . " ’    At least   either in person or by    mail , by Friday , according to the . ’ ’    But recent developments in the campaign may have some voters    wishing some voters    could change some voters    mind . ’ ’    Three states   —    Michigan , Wisconsin , and Minnesota   —    allow voters    to switch voters    votes before Election Day . Despite   Pennsylvania does not allow absentee    voters to change votes . In Connecticut , it is up to the local    town office , a   official told Business Insider .   ’ ’    Changing your vote can be quite the headache for election    officials , since election   officials have to track down your ballot and      the paperwork . ’ "    In Michigan , absentee voters can change absentee voters ballots if they their   ballots n’t been processed and tabulated yet ,       to an official at the . " ’    If you want to change your absentee vote there , . The best chance to change    your vote will be before 4 p. m. on Monday ( since Election Day is    often too busy or too late ) . Offices are open Saturday until       p. m. ’ ’Wisconsin residents who voted early in       can recast their ’ ’Wisconsin residents who voted early in   person so long as they ’ ’Wisconsin residents who voted early in   person so by    Saturday Saturday November 5 , an election official told Business Insider .       deadline for absentee voters who mailed their absentee voters who mailed their votes in to    in to       their absentee voters who mailed their votes in to    has past , he    . ’ ’Minnesota also allows absentee voters to change       absentee voters , but the . ’ "    The call to change votes began last week after news broke that    the   from Clinton ’s private email    server . Trump quickly encouraged voters to switch their voters . " ’    " Now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake , " Trump Trump    on November 2 , " change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tYou can change your vote in six states . So , now that you you see that Hillary was a big mistake change your Hillary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! ’t’t’ ’    The AMERICA GREAT slightly off on the number of states that will    allow the unusual practice ( he was likely referencing a   that was      The candidate perhaps a ) . ’ 
 