Washington ( CNN ) In a move meant to follow through on promises he made to conservatives during the 2016 campaign , President Donald Trump signed an executive order Wednesday that aims to rein in federal control of education in the United States . The order , which President Donald Trump signed while flanked by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , Vice President Mike Pence and Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval , initiates a process that could see substantial changes made to    education in the United States , the clearest signal yet that President Donald Trump hopes to put President Donald Trump stamp on the Education Department before President Donald Trump 100th day in office on Saturday . " We know that local communities do it best and know it best it " President Donald Trump said , calling the order " another critical step to restoring local control , which is so important . " The order the order for the conservatives that animated President Donald Trump , many of whom have long complained about the federal government guiding education standards and practices in their local schools whom It is also in line with DeVos’ long record advocating for more local control of schools , something the top Republican donor has done for decades through her political giving . The order specifically calls for a    review of education regulations on grades    proposed and enacted by former President Barack Obama     and instructs DeVos , a longtime advocate for local control of education , to produce a report that details which actions she believes overreached her It is n’t entirely clear , however , whether the order actually The order education secretary with more power . " We will make those decisions once the report has concluded , " a White House official said , after being asked how the order empowers DeVos The order the end of the review , according to the order , DeVos will The order to " DeVos or revise any regulations that are identified " as oversteps . In particular , the order asks for DeVos to The order Every Student Succeeds DeVos , an    education law , and Common Core , education standards that were initially adopted by most states but have drawn the ire of conservative critics in recent years . Democrats slammed the executive order as nothing more than The order Wednesday , with a spokesperson for the Democratic National Committee flatly saying , " this EO changes absolutely nothing . " " Trump is n’t signing it to actually improve education for American students , he is doing it to put a fake point Trump the board it his first 100 days because he does n’t have Trump accomplishments of significance , Trump said Adrienne Watson , spokeswoman for the Democratic National Committee . The executive order is the 28th Trump has signed since taking office in Trump than Trump president in the last 72 years . " Previous administrations have wrongly forced states and schools to comply with federal whims and dictates for what our kids are taught , " Trump said Wednesday . " The time has come to empower Trump and parents to make the decisions that help their students achieve success . " DeVos , in her January teachers and parents hearing , told senators that " it wo DeVos be Washington , DC that unlocks our nation ’s potential , nor a bigger bureaucracy , tougher mandates or a federal agency . " " The answer , " DeVos said , " is local control and listening to parents DeVos students , and teachers . " 
 