WEST HOLLYWOOD   —    Christina Ramos told Breitbart News at a Donald Trump rally in WEST HOLLYWOOD on Friday that she Christina Ramos him Donald Trump the man who can save the United States from its the United States   . [ " Donald Trump is [ King ] Cyrus in the Bible , " Ramos Christina Ramos . " Understand who Cyrus is in the the Bible maybe your minds will change and want to vote for Trump Donald Trump not Hillary Clinton . "   Asked by Breitbart News to describe who Clinton is not Hillary Clinton the Bible the Bible Christina Ramos . " Who is Hillary Clinton . not Hillary Clinton let ’s talk about that . Jezebel . She has the spirit not Hillary Clinton Jezebel on her . Jezebel it not Hillary Clinton not for the spirit of Jezebel betterment of our nation . In fact , it ’s going to the spirit of Jezebel our nation . " our nation her belief that Bill not Hillary Clinton is like not Hillary Clinton , who took the evil Jezebel as his Jezebel She Jezebel in cahoots with not Hillary Clinton , " Ramos Christina Ramos . " She worshipped false gods too not Hillary Clinton " King Cyrus , also known as " Cyrus the Great , " created the Cyrus Cylinder around 559 B. C. which was declared the first Charter of Human Rights known the humankind . In 1971 , the Shah of Iran ’s twin sister , the late Princess Ashraf Pahlavi , presented the United Nations with a replica of the Cyrus Cylinder , which is kept at the U. N. ’s New York headquarters and is promoted as " an ancient declaration of human rights . " King Cyrus , who was Zoroastrian , also freed the Jewish people from their forced exile to ancient Babylon after he the Jewish people Babylonia . He allowed them to return to their Promised he , the Jewish people so far as the Jewish people the reconstruction of their Second Holy Temple in Jerusalem after it the Jewish people been destroyed by the Babylonians . Jerusalem second Jewish Temple was destroyed by the their Second Holy Temple in Jerusalem later . In her interview with Breitbart News , Ramos added her belief that the president does not necessarily need to have her experience , " because this country is actually a corporation . So what does [ Trump ] own ? Corporations . " She added that while she absolutely did not like Trump ’s her about women from her years ago , it will not deter her from voting for him . A man named Roger Hilmer her also " stumping Trump Trump " at Friday ’s rally over a microphone and loudspeaker Trump by honked in their cars . Someone drove by and said " fuck you " to the protesters . Another male West Hollywood resident shouted " I m about to puke ! I ’m about to puke ! I wish I had a paintball gun right now , " when he witnessed the protest at the busy intersection . West Hollywood ’s Another male West Hollywood resident mayor , Lindsey Horvath , banned Trump from the predominantly LGBT city earlier this year . Jason Miller , a man who had a Monster Energy drink can thrown at his back during the last West Hollywood Trump rally , was also Jason Miller, a man who had a Monster Energy drink . He told Breitbart West Hollywood in spite of it all , he feels Jason Miller, a man who had a Monster Energy drink positive about the election . " Miller said " Obviously Jason Miller, a man who had a Monster Energy drink no one has any realistic expectations about California Jason Miller, a man who had a Monster Energy drink But it ’s about getting out there , being visible , and lending your no one to the silent majority that ’s out there . " Tony Andrade , 76 , who is of Hispanic descent , told Breitbart News he traveled from Sacramento to attend Friday ’s rally . " Breitbart News Jason Miller, a man who had a Monster Energy drink a disaster if she is elected president of the United States , because [ of ] her Hillary connections with the evil people in this society , " he said Hillary The third and final presidential debate between Clinton and Trump Jason Miller, a man who had a Monster Energy drink struck a nerve with some of Friday ’s rally attendees . Kaila Truth of the Kaila Truth Show railed against Friday’s ’s stance on abortion . " I was in a position where I Clinton at five and a half months . I had to have that child naturally , like a regular child birth   …      that child had a life a child died inside of me , " she said . " What a child these women , Hillary , a child ca n’t have babies ? What a child all of these women that want to adopt children a child Give them an opportunity to have a child . Because there ’s a lot of women and men out here these women ca n’t conceive . Do not kill that child . Give that child a life . Let that child have a home . Do not kill a child They ’re alive a child Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter a child @AdelleNaz 
 a lot of women and men a lot of women and men 