Seoul ( CNN ) Seoul policy on North Korea is about to get a major overhaul . Liberal reformer Moon    was sworn in Wednesday after winning a snap election to replace impeached President Park   .   Moon Liberal reformer Moon    advocated dialogue with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , in stark contrast to Park ’s approach of tough sanctions and aggressive rhetoric .   Speaking at his Liberal reformer Moon    in ceremony , Moon Liberal reformer Moon    to " resolve the security crisis as soon as possible . "   " If it is necessary , I will fly immediately to Washington and also visit Beijing and Tokyo , " he Liberal reformer Moon    .   " Under the right conditions , I will also go to Pyongyang . For peace on the Korean Peninsula , I will do everything that I can do . " Moon Liberal reformer Moon    vowed to further strengthen the alliance between South Korea and the US .   While he Liberal reformer Moon    elected largely on concerns about corruption and the economy , North South Korea large after weeks of rising tensions in the region . Return to sunshine ? A former special forces soldier and human rights lawyer , Moon Liberal reformer Moon    in for criticism during the campaign from hardline conservatives who saw him Liberal reformer Moon    weak on North Korea South Korea He Liberal reformer Moon    called for a combination of negotiations and economic cooperation alongside military and security measures .   " I am confident to lead the diplomatic efforts involving multiple parties , which will lead to the complete abandonment of the North Korean nuclear program , and bring the relationship between South and North to peace , economic cooperation and mutual prosperity , " Moon said in an April 25 debate . His stance has Moon compared to the    " Sunshine Policy " of the liberal governments of 1998 to 2008 . By no coincidence , he was a Moon adviser to those administrations . During the Sunshine Policy , Seoul actively engaged Pyongyang , which led to closer relations on both sides of the border and saw two South Korean Presidents visit the North Korean capital . However , the approach ultimately failed to halt North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program . Weapons testing , Moon , who takes office Wednesday , is unlikely to get a long honeymoon when it comes to North Korea . North Korea’s have been predicting an imminent nuclear test , North Korea ’s sixth North Korea’s , as the country ramps up missile testing and North Korea’s .   On Sunday , Pyongyang announced it had detained a US citizen on suspicion Pyongyang " hostile acts " against the regime , days after it accused Seoul and Washington of plotting to Pyongyang North Korean leader Kim Jong Un using " biochemical weapons . "   During the campaign , Moon advocated for engagement with North Korea     particularly on the economic front     as the best method to work towards a denuclearized Korean Peninsula .   Such measures have not historically been popular with conservative administrations in the US , however President Donald Trump has vacillated between tough , militaristic talk on the North Korea issue and suggesting he could sit North Korea Kim himself . Washington President Donald Trump , The US and South Korea have a    military and political alliance North Korea is by far Seoul ’s most important bilateral partner Washington Facing criticism from the right that his party is    Moon has played up Trump ’s President Donald Trump willingness to meet with Kim , saying he is on the " same page Kim himself as the Trump leader .   However , one area where they firmly not in agreement is over the deployment in South Korea of the US Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) missile defense system . The caretaker administration which took over after Park ’s impeachment accelerated the THAAD    despite widespread criticism from Moon and others on the left , who have argued its deployment should be contingent on a vote in the the THAAD    ’s National Assembly .   Last week , Washington and Seoul announced that THAAD was partially up and running , and analysts have warned Moon may be able to do little to prevent its Moon deployment . But analysts warn perceptions that the Moon ignored South Korean input on its own security issues     compounded when Trump called both South Korean President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to discuss North Korea , but the caretaker government in Seoul     have left a key relationship strained before it has even begun . Washington was left in a the caretaker government in Seoul     position after Park ’s ouster , with several    administration officials     including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Vice President Mike Pence     visiting Seoul to shore up the alliance amid tensions with North Seoul .   During their visits however , the US officials only met with caretaker President Hwang    who had already declared he would not stand to replace Park , and avoided any of her potential successors . 
 