COLUMBIA , South Carolina   —    The campaign of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) issued a blistering rebuke at Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) the      frontrunner here in South Carolina , after it has come to light Rubio repeatedly skipped vote after vote after vote on important bills related to national security and defense policy . [ Rubio Rubio more than 15 votes on the National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) over the course of 2015 so he Rubio campaign for president . In fact , the total number of defense bill votes Rubio Rubio in 2015 was 18 votes —   far more than anyone else in the U. S. Senate .   On June 4 , 2015 , for instance , Rubio Rubio three votes relating to amendments that strengthened the national security elements of the NDAA . One amendment he Rubio voting for , which passed without his Rubio , came from Sen. Thom Tillis ( ) and provided " for the stationing of    H aircraft avionics previously modified by the Avionics Modernization Program ( AMP ) in support of daily training and contingency requirements for Airborne and Special Operations Forces . " Another amendment he skipped voting on came from Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( ) and would have revised " the definition of spouse for purposes of veterans benefits in recognition of new State definitions of spouse . " The Another amendment he skipped voting without Rubio being there . The other Another amendment he skipped voting for , Rubio came from Sen. Rob Portman ( ) and passed without Rubio being there , provided Rubio additional amounts for procurement and for research , development , test , and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades , and to provide an offset . " Those were hardly the only votes Rubio skipped as it related Rubio the defense bill . On June 9 , 2015 , Sen. Jack Reed ( ) offered an amendment that would have limited " the availability of amounts authorized to be appropriated for overseas contingency operations pending relief from the spending limits under the Budget Control Act of 2011 . " Rubio skipped the vote . Rubio did Cruz . But the measure failed without both of them there . On June the vote and June 11 , Rubio skipped two more defense Rubio votes . Cruz missed the one on Cruz 11 . On June June 11 Rubio skipped another defense bill Rubio . That amendment , from Sen. John McCain ( ) —   who was a prisoner of war and was tortured in Vietnam in the " Hanoi Hilton " —   reaffirmed " the prohibition on torture . " Rubio was the only U. Rubio Senator who could n’t show up to vote for McCain ’s amendment . Also on June 16 , Rubio skipped a June 16 Rubio amendment from Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) that fell just six votes short of passage . Ernst ’s amendment would have provided " Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) that fell just six votes short of passage emergency authorization of defense articles , defense services , and related training directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government . " Essentially , it would have armed the Kurds to take on an amendment from Sen. Joni Ernst ( ) that fell just six votes short of passage Islamic State , or ISIS . Rubio was the only senator who did n’t show up to vote , and since a handful of Republicans voted against the amendment with most Democrats , if Rubio had been there and doing his job to make Rubio passionate case to fight ISIS Rubio way , maybe the result would have been different . That day , he also skipped votes on amendments from Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Rubio ) another from McCain , and one from Sen. David Vitter ( ) . The next day , on June 17 , Rubio skipped the key cloture vote necessary to pass the Rubio bill —   at that point finalized —   out of the Senate . He showed up on June 18 to vote for the Rubio ’s final passage , after avoiding all of the defense bill on the bill leading up to that point . But Rubio was n’t done skipping National Defense Authorization Act ( Rubio ) votes in 2015 at that point . On July 9 , 2015 , Senate records show that point two votes related to sending the NDAA the Senate Rubio conference committee between the    version and the    version of the bill . Then on Oct. 6 , when the conference report the bill leading up to that point from the House and Senate together —   and the two chambers of Congress agreed on the Senate bill —   Rubio skipped the vote on cloture ensuring final passage of Rubio defense bill . On Oct. 7 , Rubio skipped another NDAA vote on a bill to Rubio spending . Rubio also , on Oct. 7 , skipped final passage Rubio the final NDAA conference report version that was sent Oct. 7 Obama ’s desk . Then again on Nov. NDAA , on another matter related to the NDAA and specifically defense spending levels , Rubio skipped another defense bill vote . Cruz also missed Rubio vote . All in all , the astonishingly high 18 national security votes on the NDAA another defense bill vote alone that Rubio skipped are far more than anyone else in the Rubio S. Senate . Rick Tyler , Cruz ’s campaign spokesman , told Breitbart News exclusively when the revelation was discovered that Rubio skipped all Cruz bill votes . Tyler said Rubio Marco Rubio has repeatedly attacked Ted Cruz for not supporting Rubio , but it turns out Rick Tyler was nowhere to be found when the Cruz being Rubio and passed in the Senate . It ’s a huge hypocrisy and an unforgivable deception . Rubio skipped all these defense bill votes not being honest to South Carolina the U. S. Senate Americans Rubio you it be there for the fight when the fight is happening . And on issue after issue , from the Second Amendment to marriage to Planned Parenthood to religious liberty the fight is nowhere to be found .   The only time Rubio ’s ever fought was to pass amnesty . As President Rubio you have to lead the charge , rally the people , use the bully pulpit to get Washington to change . Ted Cruz has done that his entire career .   Rubio has never led anything and now he ’s adding dishonesty Rubio his lack of leadership . What Rubio Ted Cruz even more astonishing Rubio this is that Rubio ’s decision to abandon America ’s national security infrastructure to Rubio with high dollar donors and jet set around the United States on the campaign trail has n’t really produced much success at all for his lagging presidential campaign . Rubio came in a distant third place Rubio Iowa ’s caucuses , Rubio embarrassing fifth place in New Hampshire ’s primaries , and is expected to come in third place or lower in this Saturday ’s South Carolina primaries here . A new CNN poll out Wednesday shows Rubio in a distant second place in Nevada —   where he Rubio spent several years living as a kid and has spent Rubio inordinate amount of time and resources campaigning —   to a commanding lead held by Donald Trump there . Cruz is nipping at Rubio ’s heels in Nevada , too . Rubio ’s campaign spokesman Rubio Conant has not responded to a request Rubio explanation of why Sen. Rubio abandoned the nation Nevada defense infrastructure in 2015 . But this Rubio Cruz to Rubio is about as devastating as there could be —   and it also Rubio to undermine an attack Rubio has consistently leveled against Cruz Cruz   " Every single time that there Rubio been a defense bill in this response from Cruz to Rubio Senate , three people team up to vote against it : Cruz Sanders , Rand Paul , and Ted Cruz , " Rubio said as he attacked Cruz in the Charleston , S. C. debate back Rubio   . Rubio make matters even more interesting , though —   and to add insult to Cruz —   when Rubio skipped the omnibus spending bill vote , which he said he opposed but Rubio ’s no way to know for sure because Rubio did Rubio show up , he said that not showing up to vote Rubio akin to voting against legislation Rubio " In essence , not voting for it is a vote against it , although my position in it is clear , because they needed my vote to get it passed to get to 60 votes because of the it rules , " Rubio said it a CBS News interview in late 2015 . Under that it according to Sen. Rubio , Sen. Rubio voted against the NDAA —   meaning he opposed the defense bill that he ’s attacking Cruz for opposing —   because he did n’t Rubio to support final passage of the conference report Rubio send it to the president Rubio desk . 
 Rubio the NDAA —   