Washington ( CNN ) During an interview with Fox News Channel ’s Bill O’Reilly Monday night , Donald Trump spoke about how American screeners need to profile people in order to spot potential terrorists . Here ’s a portion of that conversation : Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly : Now , another thing you said that was very controversial is that you want to profile . You want to profile Arab or Muslim men . How would that work ? Donald Trump Well , we have no choice . Look , Israel does it Israel And Israel Israel it Israel successfully . Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly : Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly do it Israel the airports . Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly do it Israel the the airports Trump : Well , Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly do it Israel Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly do it Israel And when Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly see somebody that Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly would like to talk to , that Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly would like to look at , that Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly would maybe like to open up Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly satchel and take a look inside , Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly do it . And Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly do n’t like to do it . it do n’t like to do it . it we have to be     you know , you have a woman who is     in a wheelchair from Sweden and we have we look at her . a woman who is    in a wheelchair from Sweden have we look at somebody else . It ’s ridiculous what ’s going on there . O’Reilly : So , what would you do though ? Trump : If you want to be so politically correct     O’Reilly : Do you have a vision of how that profiling would work ? Trump : Trump works Trump And we see we that we think we could be a problem . At airports and other places . You talked to them and you see what ’s going on . O’Reilly : O’Reilly I think they do them now . Trump : We do we do that . As Trump would say , excuse me , excuse me     but we do we Screening at airports does not just entail putting everyone through a metal detector . The Transportation Security Administration has had protocols for years that tell agents what kinds of behaviors to check .   But TSA insists The Transportation Security Administration is behavioral , not racial , profiling .   Last year , TSA began The Transportation Security Administration pilot program to update these protocols . The agencies does not publicly lists the kinds of activities that can draw an agent ’s attention . But in March 2015 , The Intercept website published what it said The Intercept website a confidential memo that told TSA screeners The Transportation Security Administration that time what to look for .   Among the suspicious signs :     Exaggerated yawning .    Excessive complaints about the screening process .    Widely open staring eyes .    Wearing improper attire for location .    Whistling    the individual approaches the screening the screening process Gazing down .    Exaggerated or repetitive grooming gestures .    Face pale from recent shaving of beard .    Rubbing or wringing of hands .    Excessive throat clearing , So if TSA is already profiling people based on behavior , what further profiling would Trump like them to do ? people based on behavior 