Lawyer , author , and columnist Ann Coulter spoke with Breitbart News Sunday on Sirius XM about the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia , pointing out that Republicans are in the hot seat when it comes to allowing Barack Obama to appoint a liberal replacement that could skew the Court Left for generations . [ Speaking to host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , columnist Ann Coulter said , " If this had happened a year ago    …      we ’ve seen how Republicans have behaved . Republicans ’re utterly craven . Republicans would probably pass , or Senate Republicans would confirm whomever Obama sends up . Republicans ’d ring Republicans hands . Lindsey Graham would be leading the charge , talking about how the charge ’s the President ’s right to decide . Now that Donald Trump has come on the scene , I think Washington Republicans may be starting to get the message . We ’re really ticked off at Washington Republicans . "   Coulter added , " Look , if Washington Republicans let somebody go through , I mean , I think Donald Trump is going to win anyway but Donald Trump ’s just going to get Donald Trump another ten million votes . " Coulter also recently discussed Scalia ’s passing and legacy with host Stephen K. Bannon on Saturday , as well . Coulter praised Scalia for going beyond pointing out the absurdity of    activist Court decisions , explaining why they were wrong in a clear and witty manner . Coulter stressed the importance of Scalia humor to keep readers engaged , comparing it to presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s use of humor to hold an audience . " We used to wait for his Scalia to come out , particularly the dissents , and read them particularly the dissents dinner   …      and quote from them particularly the dissents months on end , his Scalia hilarious lines " Coulter said of Scalia ’s jurisprudence . She Coulter Scalia Scalia’s dissent in Planned Parenthood v. Casey as a particular favorite , mourning the way other    judges such as David Souter , Sandra Day O’Connor , and Anthony Kennedy would so often betray the conservative base . While Coulter said all of Scalia ’s writing was " very clear and very strong , " his Scalia were especially energetic . " Usually when he Scalia writing a dissent , he Scalia gotten kinda fed up with the other Justices , and he Scalia just let loose , " she ’d . The full Breitbart News Sunday interview with Ann Coulter be heard below .   2016 Presidential Race , Big Government , Radio 
 