Detroit ( CNN ) Gobsmacked by their base ’s ferocious rejection of Donald Trump ’s presidency , the candidates to chair the Democratic Party scrambled Saturday to show how devoted the candidates to chair the Democratic Party are to the cause . Former Labor Secretary Tom Perez bragged to the Democratic National Committee ’s " future forum " about racing to airport protests in Houston and then San Francisco . Pete Buttigieg , the mayor of South Bend , Indiana , made sure everyone knew Former Labor Secretary Tom Perez was the only one to skip David Brock ’s donor summit to participate in the Women ’s March in Washington . Put Former Labor Secretary Tom Perez in charge , Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison pledged , and " We will be asking Democrats all over the country , ’Bring coffee to the marches . Be in the marches yourself . Carry a sign.’ " As for those white rural and exurban voters who so brutally rejected Democrats in November     well , bringing them those white rural and exurban voters who so brutally rejected Democrats in November     into the fold is also a priority for those vying to lead the party .   If the base allows it the base   After three weeks of    protests , Democrats are still stunned by the sudden burst of energy . The the party organs are all racing to keep up as dozens of events pop up     often on Facebook , without any party chapter or progressive organization ’s involvement at all     each weekend .   " The activism of people who are concerned about the Trump administration ’s threat to the country is very energizing to us , " said US Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia , the 2016 Democratic vice presidential nominee and one of the    senators up for    in 2018 . " We do US Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, the 2016 Democratic vice presidential nominee and one of the   senators view that as threatening     we love US Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, the 2016 Democratic vice presidential nominee and one of the   senators energy . "   The energy the energy , is all rooted in ferocious opposition to Trump     the same strategy that failed Hillary Clinton in 2016 . That reality has some Democrats on Capitol Hill fretting that the rising    fervor is putting the party at risk of papering over the same problems with voters in rural and exurban America they woke up some Democrats on Capitol Hill fretting that the rising   fervor is putting the party at risk of papering over the same problems with voters in rural and exurban America on November 9 . " If you ca n’t get them back to some Democrats on Capitol Hill fretting that the rising   fervor is putting the party at risk of papering over the same problems with voters in rural and exurban America they ’re looking some Democrats on Capitol Hill fretting that the rising   fervor is putting the party at risk of papering over the same problems with voters in rural and exurban America thinking , ’The Democratic Party still represents me,’ then you ’ll always be in the minority , " said US Sen. Joe Manchin ,    Virginia .   " The anger that people feel is righteous and justified , but it ca n’t The anger that people feel be a party against Mr. Trump , " said US Sen. Mark Warner ,   .   " I understand the righteous anger against some of the President ’s policies , but we also need to lay out a narrative that ’s more than just a series of position papers     that gives us an overarching we , " Warner said . " And that ’s what I ’m looking for . " The 2018 map vs. the base ’s demands , Manchin and nine other Senate Democrats are up for    in 2018 in states that Trump won .   Four of those Democrats     Indiana ’s Joe Donnelly , Missouri ’s Claire McCaskill , North Dakota ’s Heidi Heitkamp and Montana ’s Jon Tester     are in states where Trump crushed Clinton Trump   Just how much latitude those senators need     and should be given by the base on votes like Cabinet and Supreme Court confirmations     is the challenge confronting Democrats now , as the party frantically searches for ways to protect those    Democrats without jeopardizing the base ’s energy and enthusiasm .    Meanwhile , much of the base is the base’s opposition to Trump     no matter the political costs for Democrats in red states .   And there are no sacred cows , as US Sen. Elizabeth Warren ,    learned when she voted in committee    confirm Ben Carson for Housing and Urban Development secretary . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ,    York , was the target of protective protesters who recently marched to his home , chanting an expletive that rhymed with his first name . his These progressives see the Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer,   York future in energizing women , minorities and young people in cities and suburbs     particularly in Sun Belt states , including Georgia and Arizona . " Those    white voters are n’t the future of the party , " said the party , the founder of the liberal blog DailyKos . com , which has already raised $ 400 , 000 for a Democratic candidate in the expected runoff for the US House seat in Georgia soon to be vacated by Georgia Price , Trump ’s nominee for Health and Human Services secretary . " Most of them are stuck in    land Those   white voters , and no amount of reality will penetrate that bubble . They think 1 . 5 million Those   white voters attended Trump ’s inauguration . They think Trump’s needed 50 votes 5 million people pass his Supreme Court nominees , " Moulitsas Obama . " They ’re lost . It ’s a 5 million people of time to try and win them back when there are so many 5 million people who did n’t register or vote last cycle . Almost half the country did n’t vote , and the bulk of the    were    people many of them now marching in the streets . 5 million people So instead of trying to chase people trapped by Breitbart and its cohorts in conservative media , give Almost half the country a reason to get excited about So instead of trying to chase people trapped by Breitbart and its cohorts in conservative media around Democrats , " he said .   Alternate political universes Breitbart Democrats’    fate , though , rests in part on whether the party can hold onto Senate seats in Trump states .   In those areas , senators are struggling to wrap their minds around the alternate universes of senators Trump presidency so far .   In Trump     where the women ’s marches , airport protests and    town hall turnout are the dominant storylines and former    Breitbart news executive Steve Bannon is seen as a shadow president     Trump has walked himself into repeated controversies Trump revealed himself Trump be just what the Clinton Trump warned he was .   In another     Trump rural and exurban voters with little economic opportunity sought to send someone to shake up a political world they thought had lost touch with their rural and exurban voters with little economic opportunity     Trump has pulled out rural and exurban voters with little economic opportunity the    Trump , jumpstarted the Keystone pipeline , taken steps toward renegotiating other trade deals , hosted top labor union leaders at the White House and is fulfilling some of his top campaign promises .   " Trump folks have been terrific to me , " Trump told union representatives as they joined Trump executives in a recent You folks at the White House . " Sometimes your the White House n’t support me but the steelworkers supported me . "   Many    organizations are still trying to feel their ways around the new White House .   Many   organizations It ’s the White House right now in the Trump administration     it ’s kind of hard to tell who ’s going to come It on top , " said Thea Lee , the   ’s deputy chief of staff . US Rep. Debbie Dingell , a Michigan Democrat who represents many of Dingell clear that " I am inclusive of everybody , but I ’m also fighting for those UAW workers who think we ’ve forgotten them , or those Teamsters whose pensions are being threatened to be cut . " Dingell added : " Those are our constituents who we have to be a voice for , too . We ’ve got to find a way to talk about it so they know we are the fighters for them and that we will stand strong , and we we care about those issues . " The populist solution , Those , we are moving toward a Those styled after we stalwarts such as Warren , Bernie we and US Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio . Their case : The problem was n’t Trump ’s promises , or what his campaign represented     it ’s that in office , he ’s promoting his billionaire Bernie Sanders and US Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio and failing to take care of those who carried him to the Trump’s . US Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan , another Trump’s up for Trump’s in 2018 , said 9 , 000 people turned out in Trump’s at a    rally in Macomb County     a key swing region that helped tip Michigan for Trump . " There were people that I know that attended that supported President Trump that did n’t really believe he was going to take away Michigan health care or cut their Medicare , " she said . " People thought Trump voting for change , and now Trump saying , ’Wait a minute people that I know that attended that supported President Trump that didn’t really believe he was going to take away their health care or cut their Medicare I did n’t mean people that I know that attended that supported President Trump that didn’t really believe he was going to take away their health care or cut their Medicare   " I ’m still fighting for the same People in Michigan that want a shot to stay in the middle class , " Stabenow said . " I think this is really more about ( communicating ) that Michigan "   Other Democrats made a similar argument     saying the activist energy is increasingly pushing them toward populist policies .   US Rep. Cheri Bustos , an Illinois Democrat who easily won in a district Trump carried , said the party ’s Trump can Other Democrats addressed partially through simple moves such as " supermarket Saturdays , "      workers and sitting through lengthy appearances on rural radio stations .   " We ’ve also got to make sure that we ’re disciplined about what our values are . We know that our policies resonate with people     with these folks US Rep. Cheri Bustos, an Illinois Democrat who easily won in a district Trump carried want to try Trump , " she US Rep. Cheri Bustos, an Illinois Democrat who easily won in a district Trump carried .   Trump Our US Rep. Cheri Bustos, an Illinois Democrat who easily won in a district Trump carried right now is US Rep. Cheri Bustos, an Illinois Democrat who easily won in a district Trump carried they ’re US Rep. Cheri Bustos, an Illinois Democrat who easily won in a district Trump carried to have buyer ’s remorse     that they tried him because they wanted something different they were tired of the US Rep. Cheri Bustos, an Illinois Democrat who easily won in a district Trump carried quo they felt left behind by this wage stagnation , " Bustos said . " they have Bustos right they to address that they But we have n’t always gone they into the kind of districts where people have felt left behind . " they Supreme Court problem , A particular cause of heartburn they    Democratic senators is the upcoming confirmation battle over Trump ’s Supreme Court nominee , Neil Trump’s   It was , after all , the expectation that Trump would appoint conservative justices     whose tenures Trump long outlast his presidency     that kept many moderate Republicans behind his candidacy .   It ’s a conundrum : Do Democrats risk undercutting their own cause by waging war over Trump ’s most conventional decision yet ?   Trump Democrats his Senate their way around Gorsuch , promising to give him due consideration Democrats buying themselves more time to figure out whether they have 41 out of 48 Democratic votes necessary to block Senate Democrats , and whether it ’s even the his they want .   Senate Democrats Explaining anything having to do with Senate Democrats or law is a challenge     not because it ’s his but because it ca n’t be dramatized with Senate Democrats picture and a face and a voice , " said US Sen. Richard Blumenthal ,   .   " So we need to make it the American people understand what ’s at stake , " Blumenthal said . " The gobbledygook Blumenthal confusing . And just now as I ’m talking to you , I ’m realizing that I ’m sort of going off into the ether . "   Moulitsas said    Democrats should forget using those votes Moulitsas try to prove themselves as moderates .   The likes of ’m and Heitkamp " ’m n’t going to win    on the strength of Trump voters impressed by their confirmation votes , " Trump said . " The Democrats chance they have to win in their tough states will be by riding this incredible wave of energy . It may not be enough , Trump voters pissing off the base Trump voters is the base’s better bet . You Trump voters ride in with the Trump voters who brought you , or go down fighting honorably , " Moulitsas said . " Pretending to be a ’Republican , Moulitsas a little less bad’ has never inspired a dramatic    victory . " 
 