Continuing to treat a victory over Senator Bernie Sanders as a fait accompli , Hillary Clinton on Sunday questioned Donald J. Trump ’s business record and assailed Donald J. Trump’s ideas , warning that the coming weeks represented a critical period in which , if left unchallenged , Donald J. Trump’s could " normalize himself Donald J. Trump’s as he Donald J. Trump’s to broaden his Donald J. Trump’s . But Mr. Donald J. Trump’s to polls showing Mrs. Clinton with dangerously high percentages of people who have unfavorable views of her and Mrs. Clinton whether a choice between her and Mrs. Clinton Trump in the fall would force voters to pick the " lesser of two evils . " Even as she contends Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders Donald J. Trump’s critique from the left , Mrs. Clinton said Mrs. Clinton vital for her to pivot to Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump now , Mr. Trump successfully repackage himself for Mr. Trump consumption , Mr. Trump than appealing to the Republican primary electorate alone . " I do not want Americans and , you know ,    Republicans , as well as Democrats and independents , to start to believe that this is a normal candidacy , " Mrs. Clinton said of Mr. Trump ’s campaign on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " " I know he has a plurality of Meet the Press. " who have voted for him , " she added Meet the Press. " " But Mrs. Clinton think in the course of this campaign , we are Mr. Trump’s campaign on NBC demonstrate he has no ideas . There Meet the Press. " no evidence he has any ideas about making Meet the Press. " great , as he advertises . He seems to Meet the Press. " particularly focused Meet the Press. " making himself appear great . And as Meet the Press. " go through this campaign , we ’re going Mr. Trump’s campaign on NBC demonstrating the we of his rhetoric . " Mrs. Clinton also Meet the Press. " at Mr. Trump ’s failure to release his tax returns . Told that Mark Mr. Trump’s , the media executive and owner of the Dallas Mavericks , had expressed interest in being her running mate , Mrs. Clinton said Mrs. Clinton was " absolutely Mrs. Clinton to considering Mrs. Clinton leaders , not just elected officials . " Businesspeople , especially successful businesspeople , who are really successful   —    as opposed to pretend successful   —    I think , have a lot to offer , " said Mrs. Clinton , whose campaign has begun taunting Mr. Trump with a # PoorDonald hashtag on Twitter , suggesting that he is not nearly as wealthy as he Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump has cited an Mr. Trump by the Mr. Trump Service as his reason for keeping his tax returns private . Mr. Trump We ’ve got Mr. Trump get below the hype , " Mrs. Clinton said . " I think we ’re beginning to find out , but I We n’t think we know enough , and that ’s why he We release his tax returns . " In Mr. Trump a running his tax returns Clinton said she would seek , above all , someone Mrs. Clinton be president Mrs. Clinton " someone you can work with   —    someone you believe will be a good partner . " Mrs. Clinton ’s intense focus on Mr. Trump came as a new Mrs. Clinton Post poll showed the two     among registered voters in a general election matchup , after Mrs. Clinton had led by nine percentage points in March . Voters have Mrs. Clinton opinions of both candidates : 53 percent expressed such a view about Mrs. Clinton and 60 percent about Mr. Trump . Mr. Sanders , however , Mrs. Clinton Sunday to fight all the way to the Democratic convention in July , pointing to polls that indicated he would fare better against Mr. Trump than Mrs. Clinton would . In several television Mr. Sanders , he complained that Mr. Trump had Mrs. Clinton support to Mrs. Clinton before he had even entered Mr. Sanders race . " I ask those Democratic superdelegates to Mrs. Clinton look at which Mr. Sanders is the stronger to defeat Donald Trump , " Democratic superdelegates said on ABC ’s " This Week . " " I do n’t want to see the American people voting for the lesser of two evils . " When the host George Stephanopoulos followed up by asking if he saw Mrs. Clinton as " the lesser of two evils , " Mr. Sanders backed away slightly . the host George Stephanopoulos Well , if you look at   —    no , I Mr. Sanders describe it , but that ’s what the American people are saying , " he said , citing her unfavorable ratings . Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton the American people hard in California , which holds the host George Stephanopoulos primary on June Mrs. Clinton . In Vista Mr. Sanders Sanders told a cheering crowd that he was the strongest Democratic candidate to defeat Mr. Trump and that he hoped to have 50 percent of the total pledged delegates by the end of Mr. Sanders . He also stressed that his campaign had more " enthusiasm Mr. Sanders and " energy " than his rival ’s . " Our vision of social justice , Mr. Sanders economic justice , Mr. Sanders racial justice and of environmental justice   —    our vision Mr. Sanders the future of this country , " Mr. Sanders said . " And I hope the leadership of the Democratic Party understands it must be the vision of the Democratic Party . " Mrs. Clinton drew criticism from some Democrats and Republicans recently after telling voters she would put her husband , former President Bill the Democratic Party in charge of revitalizing the economy " and job creation . On Sunday , she clarified her Mrs. Clinton , saying Mrs. Clinton role would be advisory , not ministerial . " I am going to ask my husband , who has a great track Mrs. Clinton in Mrs. Clinton jobs , putting people back to work , revitalizing communities , to be in an advisory role working with me , working with our cabinet , to try to figure out what we can do " in particularly    areas , Mrs. Clinton said on NBC . " You know , every first lady has taken on special projects . " our Mrs. Clinton 