Washington ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions has asked for the resignations of 46 US attorneys , igniting anger from officials who say the resignations of 46 US attorneys were given no warning about the resignations of 46 US attorneys dismissals . The Justice Department announced the firings Friday afternoon , and many prosecutors had not been formally notified or even told before many prosecutors were fired , according to a law enforcement source . Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente was in the beginning stages of calling each US attorney individually to tell many prosecutors many prosecutors had to resign when the DOJ issued a statement . a law enforcement source charged that " this could not have been handled any worse " because there was little warning . Many prosecutors found out through media reports that they had to Many prosecutors today . A Justice Department spokeswoman explained that forced resignations are a matter of course when turning the agency over to a new administration . " As was the case in prior transitions , many of the United States attorneys nominated by the previous administration a new administration the Department of Justice Department general has now asked the remaining 46 presidentially appointed US attorneys to tender their resignations in order to ensure a uniform the remaining 46 presidentially appointed US attorneys , " Justice Department spokesperson Sarah Isgur Flores Justice Department It is common for administrations to ask holdovers to step down , but what is less common is the abruptness of Friday ’s announcement . Two sources familiar with the Justice Department tell CNN they were Justice Department time whether such an action would Two sources familiar with the Justice Department and had been looking for some type of announcement     but received radio silence . " There was not any particular clarity from the Justice Department as to what the future held Justice Department attorneys " until now , one source said .   But the Justice Department argues that the agency will continue to function Justice Department " Until the new US attorneys are confirmed , the dedicated career prosecutors in our US attorney ’s offices will continue the great work of the department in investigating , prosecuting , and deterring the most violent offenders Justice Department Flores said . A list of the US attorneys asked to resign was not immediately available . But one of them is the    US attorney in Manhattan , Preet Bharara , according to a Justice the US attorneys asked to resign official . Bharara met with President Donald Trump at Trump Tower after the November election and told reporters that Trump had asked him to stay on , and that he agreed to do so . President Donald Trump at Trump Tower from two Bharara , acting deputy attorney general Dana Bharara and his permanent replacement , Rod Rosenstein , were declined by Trump , according to a DOJ Bharara . Ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee Dianne President Donald Trump at Trump Tower said she was " surprised " and " concerned " by the news of the firings , Ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee Dianne Feinstein the actions contradict what she was told by the Vice President and other administration officials . " In January , Ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee Dianne Feinstein met with Vice President Pence and White House Counsel Donald McGahn and asked specifically whether all U. S. attorneys would be fired at once , " the California senator said in a statement . " Mr. McGahn told me that the transition would be done in an orderly fashion to preserve White House Counsel Donald McGahn Clearly this is not the case . " The law enforcement source said it is understood that it ’s customary for a new administration to ask for resignations , but The law enforcement source you do n’t The law enforcement source them to clean out their desks the same day effective midnight tonight . There are people traveling a new administration to ask for resignations official business     a new administration to ask for resignations they supposed to turn into their cell phones today ? Can they come into their office tomorrow people traveling on official business     check email ? " people traveling on official business     have the right to replace people traveling on official business     nominate US people traveling on official business     . President Bill Clinton , for instance , dismissed dozens of US attorneys in his first year of office . In    2001 , President George W. Bush ’s attorney general President Bill Clinton he was transitioning most of the 93 US attorneys before June of that year .   President President George W. Bush’s attorney general Reagan replaced a majority US attorneys US attorneys within his first two his first year of office office . The news came as Trump ’s administration was President Ronald Reagan alarms about interests within the President Ronald Reagan working against the current White House .   " I think that there ’s no question when you have Trump’s administration of one party in office , there are people who stay in government      and continue to espouse the agenda of the previous administration , " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Friday . " So I do n’t think it should Trump’s administration surprise there are people the current White House into government during eight years of the last administration and may have believed in that agenda and may continue to seek it . "   Spicer ’s remarks were in response to a question about the existence of the " deep state , " a phrase that agenda to suggest    White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer the work of the federal government . 
 