  ( CNN ) National security analyst KT McFarland will join    Donald Trump ’s administration as the deputy national security adviser , the transition announced Friday , also naming Donald McGahn , general counsel for   Donald Trump campaign , to be White House counsel . " I am proud that KT has once again decided to serve our country and join my national security team , " the    said in a statement . " She the    tremendous experience and innate talent that will complement the fantastic team we are assembling , which is crucial because nothing is more important than keeping our people safe . " Trump ’s choice for national security adviser , Michael Flynn , first announced the decision Friday on Twitter .   " So proud   honored to have KT McFarland as part of our National Security team . She KT McFarland help us our MAGA , " Flynn Michael Flynn from his Michael Flynn account , using a hashtag that is an acronym for Trump ’s campaign slogan " Make America great again . " Trump Trump’s team announced a week ago that Flynn Michael Flynn its choice Trump’s transition team be national security adviser .   McFarland , a frequent critic of President Barack Obama ’s foreign policy , praised Trump ’s Trump’s " Nobody has called foreign policy right more than    Trump , and he gets no   Trump for it . I ’m honored and humbled that he has asked   Trump to be part of his team ,   Trump she said in the statement .   Former Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman , the 2000 Democratic Party vice presidential nominee , praised Trump ’s move .   " In asking KT McFarland to become his deputy national KT McFarland adviser ,    Trump has brought to the top ranks of his administration one   Trump our country ’s most experienced , informed , and wise foreign policy and national security experts " he said .   Trump , who McFarland a Fox News national   Trump analyst and was an aide in the administrations of Presidents Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan . McFarland often pointed to Trump as the best candidate to improve America ’s relationships with its allies .   " Nobody thinks American foreign policy in the last fifteen years has been a success America Our adversaries , and even some of our allies , think we ’re a spent power , mired in decadence ,    and smug " she Our on FoxNews . Our . " Right now , things look grim for American leadership and the    dream . But we ’ve been in scrapes like this before and recovered , " McFarland added . McGhan will also be assistant to the President in the administration .   " Don has a brilliant legal mind , excellent character and a deep understanding of constitutional law , " Trump said in his statement . " He will play a critical role in our administration , and I am grateful that Trump is willing to Trump our country at such a    the administration " McGahn , a partner at Jones Trump in Washington , has a legal career spanning two decades . He is a former chairman for the Federal Election Commission . "   Trump is a bold leader committed to Trump the swamp in Washington and restoring economic prosperity and security . I Trump forward to serving the American public in this role , Washington he said . Trump ’s     chief of staff , Reince Priebus , said Sunday that incoming counsel will be Trump for ensuring Trump are no conflicts of interest with the real estate mogul ’s businesses . Critics have already flagged    issues from conversations Trump and his children have had with world leaders since his election and the effect those conversations could have on Trump ’s    businesses .   Obama also told reporters    told    Trump to make sure he had a Trump ’s office to avoid ethical controversies . 
 Trump Obama Obama 