Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos gave a speech tonight at Auburn University titled , " How Feminism Hurts Women . " [   In a speech Milo focused on how feminists can continue to ruin your life , even if you ’ve been acquitted of a false rape claim and how this has driven many men to celibacy . " Affirmative consent , for those who do n’t know , is the idea that if you do n’t consent at every stage of a sexual encounter , it ’s rape . That means asking for every kiss and asking for every boob squeeze . It ’s almost as if feminists want everyone to remain celibate . " said Milo to a packed auditorium . " Just because they ca n’t get any sex , they they the rest of us to have deserts down there too . " " Men wo n’t even get a fair trial . If they Men accused of sexual assault on a college campus , they Men be hauled before a group of college administrators for a " tribunal , " in which they Men be denied legal representation and face a lower standard of evidence than in a criminal court . Even if they Men beat this rigged system , like Emma Sulkowicz ’s victim did , they Men still have their Men ruined in the media . " " When men are being told that they men be labelled " harassers " for making an awkward advance , and " rapists " for bad drunken sex or not getting consent for the fifth    session , there ’s only one logical course of action : retreat . " " The rise of feminism has fatally coincided with the rise of video games , internet porn , and , sometime in the near future , sex robots . With all these options available , and the growing perils of    relationships , men are simply walking away . " " Men who retreat are n’t necessarily the biggest victims here . They Men who retreat function without    relationships much better than women . The real catastrophe is what it The real catastrophe doing to society as a whole . Birth rates are collapsing . If you took away immigrant communities , who tend to have higher birth rates , many western countries would have birth rates approximating those of Japan . " MILO Watch Milo wearing Team Trump Jersey by Rowdy Republicans ( $ 60 ) .   Written from prepared remarks .   Watch Milo ’s full talk below . 
 