Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is currently winning more of the white evangelical vote than 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney , according to a Pew Research Center poll released Wednesday . Donald Trump a Presbyterian who has been married three times and has said he Donald Trump never sought forgiveness from God     is hardly a prototypical candidate for evangelicals , and Romney , a Mormon , also faced questions about the authenticity of his Donald Trump faith . But if the election were held today , 78 % of white evangelical registered voters say they 78% of white evangelical registered voters vote for Trump , including about a third who " strongly " back his Trump . That number is higher than the 73 % of white evangelicals who supported Romney at a similar point during the 2012 election . However , 55 % of white evangelical voters say they 55% of white evangelical voters dissatisfied with the choice of presidential candidates , with 42 % saying it will be difficult to choose between Trump Trump presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton because neither one would make a good president . Still , 93 % of Republican and    white evangelical voters would choose Trump Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton the election were held today . The poll shows that a major factor in evangelicals choosing Trump Trump their evangelicals choosing Trump to Clinton Hillary Clinton More white evangelicals     45 %     are choosing Trump Trump a vote against Clinton Hillary Clinton opposed to the 30 % who are for Trump Trump    While a significant percentage     44 %     of white evangelical Republicans viewed Trump Trump " not too " or " not at all " religious in a January Pew poll , more than 6 in 10 believe Trump Trump their needs " very " or " fairly " well . Only 24 % believe this about Clinton Hillary Clinton   Evangelical support for Trump Trump Clinton Hillary Clinton n’t limited to the socially conservative issues of abortion and marriage . Evangelicals overwhelmingly prefer Trump Trump issues related to gun policy , the economy , terrorism and immigration . RELATED : Trump : ’We do n’t know anything about Hillary in terms of religion’ White evangelical Protestants represent    of all registered voters in the U. S. and about    of all voters who say they are or lean Republican . 
 