’   ’ "    Monica Crowley , who lost a position on the Trump administration ’s    National Security Council amid plagiarism allegations , has    reportedly landed a job with a Ukrainian oligarch . " ’    Crowley   recently to register as    a foreign agent . The document lists Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent as rendering services    to Victor Pinchuk , a Ukrainian businessman who has   making compromises with Russia to resolve the    conflict in Ukraine . ’ ’    The documents filed with the Justice Department say Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent will    be providing " outreach services " on behalf of Pinchuk , including    " inviting government officials and other policy makers to attend    conferences and meetings . " ’ ’    Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent withdrew Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent from consideration for a job on the    National Security Council in January after Politico and CNN    reported that Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent appeared to have plagiarized full sections of    Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent   in 2000 and Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent 2012 book , " What The    ( Bleep ) Just Happened ? " ’ ’    Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent said in a statement that after " much reflection , " Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent    " decided to remain in New York to pursue other opportunities . " ’ ’’ ’    Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent was a Fox News contributor until Crowley  recently to register as   a foreign agent was tapped by    President Donald Trump to be the director of strategic    communications for the NSC . ’ "    Michael Flynn , who was   as President Donald Trump national security adviser    amid controversy over his President Donald Trump with Russia , would have    overseen Crowley at the the NSC He President Donald Trump   to have been involved with a peace plan for    Russia Russia . " ’    Pinchuk was criticized by Ukrainian leaders after his   recommending Pinchuk    Russia was published Russia ’ "    Crowley appears to overseen Crowley at the NSC gotten work with Pinchuk through Doug    Pinchuk , who ’s a Fox News contributor . He ’s listed on Pinchuk Justice    Department documents as the primary registrant . " "    Pinchuk has ties to Pinchuk ’s former presidential    rival Hillary Clinton as well   —    he donated to the Trump’s former presidential   rival Hillary Clinton Clinton Foundation and   hosted by Clinton . " ’ Trump’s former presidential   rival Hillary Clinton Bertrand contributed to this report . ’ ’Monica Crowley , who lost a position on the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 