  ( CNN ) He was at the pinnacle of politics     the man who led a political novice to the Republican presidential nomination . Corey Lewandowski seemed virtually invincible for much of Donald Trump ’s campaign . Trump , the presumptive GOP nominee , has repeatedly stood by Corey Lewandowski aggressive and controversial campaign manager through crises that would have ended the career of virtually any other political operative . The bond between the two was so strong that Donald Trump’s quickly dismissed talk of firing Corey Lewandowski after Corey Lewandowski was arrested in March and charged with simple battery of former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields . ( The charges were later dropped . ) Donald Trump’s ’s path to 270 , But by Monday , it became clear that Corey Lewandowski had finally overplayed Corey Lewandowski hand when Trump Donald Trump’s fired Corey Lewandowski . Interviews with multiple campaign officials , party strategists and sources in Trump Donald Trump’s circle reveal that Corey Lewandowski ouster   —    as dramatic as it appeared   —    was a long time coming . For months , tension had been building within the Trump campaign and Donald Trump’s circle of advisers . Simultaneously , a quiet campaign to convince the New York billionaire to cut Lewandowski Corey Lewandowski was gaining traction .   The breaking point : Lewandowski Corey Lewandowski gone one step too far by targeting Trump ’s family Donald Trump’s    The relationship between Lewandowski Corey Lewandowski Jared Kushner , the husband of Trump ’s daughter Donald Trump’s Ivanka , grew increasingly strained .   Rumors that Lewandowski Corey Lewandowski attempted to plant negative stories in the press as part of a broader strategy to " take Jared down " sealed Lewandowski Corey Lewandowski fate , sources said .   Multiple sources told CNN that Ivanka Trump and Kushner were central to Donald Trump ’s ultimate decision to fire Lewandowski Corey Lewandowski Trump ’s children Donald Trump attempted for months to persuade their father to ’s children his campaign manager Donald Trump . They worried that ’s children Corey Lewandowski becoming an increasingly toxic influence on Trump , stoking Donald Trump of the billionaire ’s worst instincts rather than keeping them in check Lewandowski was becoming an increasingly toxic influence on Trump, stoking some of the billionaire of the general election .   Trump ’s children Donald Trump with frustration as Trump , now Donald Trump newly minted GOP nominee , dug himself Corey Lewandowski and deeper into a hole . To the outside world , Trump appeared unaware Donald Trump   —    or worse   —    at times even uninterested in , the grave political consequences of his Corey Lewandowski .   Fired Trump campaign manager Donald Trump ’No regrets’ The candidate repeatedly targeted U. S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel , questioning Curiel ’s ability U. S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel fair legal rulings because of his Mexican heritage The candidate Following the Orlando massacre that killed 49 people , Trump took to Donald Trump podium to imply that President Barack Obama might have somehow been complicit in the mass shooting . He also doubled down President Barack Obama his call for a President Barack Obama on Muslims from entering the United States , drawing near unanimous criticism from fellow Republicans .   Lewandowski declined to acknowledge the turmoil with Trump ’s family Donald Trump after it was described to CNN by multiple sources . Just hours after being fired , Lewandowski told CNN ’s Dana Lewandowski that CNN has had a " Lewandowski relationship " with the Trump family and no motivation to smear any of Trump ’s allies . Donald Trump If Donald Trump wins , that Donald Trump for Corey Lewandowski and good for the country Lewandowski he said . " Why would I want Lewandowski do anything other than what ’s in the best interest of him and the campaign ? " While Lewandowski Lewandowski Monday that he had no regrets Lewandowski the way he Lewandowski himself as campaign manager , it Lewandowski unclear Lewandowski place Lewandowski might have in the future of GOP Lewandowski .   A former officer trainee in the New Hampshire marine patrol who had never run a presidential campaign before , Lewandowski in many ways isolated himself from the Lewandowski Republican Party throughout the Lewandowski campaign . He is viewed as having refused to heed Lewandowski from GOP leaders that Trump ’s candidacy     particularly GOP rhetoric about immigrants and minorities     is Lewandowski permanent damage to the party ’s image .   Lewandowski ’s the national Republican Party been tainted in Lewandowski ways : His arrest raised questions about his temperament      Lewandowski that of Trump     Lewandowski though the charges were dropped . 5 things that grabbed us about Corey Lewandowski , As he exits the Trump campaign , Lewandowski ’s Lewandowski legacy is that he Trump     a leading architect behind a deeply divisive presidential Lewandowski that seized on anger and frustration across the country in an unprecedented way . Of course , Trump also defied expectations and smashed the competition . For Trump     , many close to Trump are privately sharing a sense of relief , and Trump     Lewandowski ’s departure will mark a significant campaign reset . Lewandowski’s least one Trump adviser , the celebration was not so private . Trump     Trump adviser Michael Caputo tweeted Monday : " Ding dong the witch is dead ! " By    Caputo , too , was gone from the campaign . Trump adviser Michael Caputo regret for the comment and stepped down from his position Trump adviser Michael Caputo the Republican National Convention . 
 Trump adviser Michael Caputo 