  ( CNN ) A woman arrested late Tuesday night after A woman arrested late Tuesday night after she allegedly attempted to gain entry to the White House allegedly attempted to gain entry to the White House has been arrested two more times nearby . Police said A woman arrested late Tuesday night after she allegedly attempted to gain entry to the White House has told Police A woman arrested late Tuesday night after she allegedly attempted to gain entry to the White House was there to speak to President Donald Trump . Marci Anderson Wahl , 38 , of Everett , Washington , was arrested by the US Secret Service near the south grounds of the US Treasury Building early Sunday , said a Washington Metropolitan Police Department spokesman . According to the US Secret Service , officers responded to an alarm around 2:15 a. m. and reportedly saw Marci Anderson Wahl trying to scale a fence . Marci Anderson Wahl was arrested without incident , and has been charged with unlawful entry and contempt of court . Once in custody , it was determined that Marci Anderson Wahl had been issued a " stay away " order for the White House complex after an incident earlier in the week . In that incident an incident earlier in the week March 21 , officers saw Marci Anderson Wahl walking and staring at the White the White House complex she had jumped a fence on the south side but had gotten stuck . Officers found her hanging from the inside of she fence by her shoelaces , a fence " she on top of the fence , " according to a a fence on that incident .   " The an incident earlier in the week entangled in security features affixed to the top of the fence , suspending them in the air on a fence of the fence The individual " the Secret Service said . Security a fence White House was briefly elevated .   Secret Service and Washington Metropolitan Police officers discovered a map of the Secret Service House when they arrested Wahl , who did not have the White House before these three Secret Service and Washington Metropolitan Police officers .   She was charged with unlawful entry and pleaded not guilty in District of Columbia Superior Court on Wednesday , records show . Wahl was released and given a stay away order with an initial status hearing Wahl for April 27 . A message left with her attorney after the Wednesday hearing was not returned . According to a Secret She spokesperson , Wahl was also arrested Friday evening near Lafayette Park . In that incident , Wahl was charged with contempt of court in violation of a stay away order Wahl Wahl pleaded not guilty on Saturday morning and was again released on her own Wahl . At the time of her arrest Sunday morning , Wahl She in possession of a backpack , sleeping She , and other items Wahl which the Secret Service said were swept and cleared by an explosive ordnance disposal team . No hazardous materials or weapons were found . Secret Service personnel also conducted a security sweep of the area before returning to the Secret Service . The President was in Washington at the time of all three incidents . 
 