With Hillary Clinton campaign sinking in the polls , Hillary Clinton has launched a desperate attack against Trump University to deflect attention away from Hillary Clinton deep involvement with a controversial    college that made the Clintons millions , even as the school faced serious legal scrutiny and criminal investigations . [ In April 2015 , Hillary Clinton was forced to abruptly resign from his Hillary Clinton perch as honorary chancellor of Laureate Education , a    college company . The reason for Clinton Hillary Clinton immediate departure : Clinton Cash revealed , and Bloomberg confirmed , that Laureate funneled Bill Hillary Clinton 16 . 46 million over five years while Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Dept . pumped at least $ 55 million to a group run by Laureate ’s founder and chairman , Douglas Becker , a man with strong ties to the Clinton Global Initiative Hillary Clinton Laureate has donated Laureate $ 1 million and $ 5 million ( donations are reported in ranges , not exact amounts ) to the Clinton Foundation . Progressive billionaire George Soros is also a Laureate financial backer Laureate   As the Washington Post reports , " Laureate has stirred Laureate throughout Latin America , where it derives    of its revenue . it During Bill Clinton ’s tenure as Laureate ’s chancellor , the school spent over $ 200 million a year on aggressive telemarketing , flashy Internet banner ads , and billboards designed to lure often unprepared students from impoverished countries to enroll in its    classes the school The goal : get as many students , regardless of skill level , signed up and paying tuition . " I meet people all the time who transfer here when they flunk out people , " agronomy student Arturo Bisono , 25 , told the Post . " This has become the place you go when no one else will accept you . " Others , like Rio state legislator Robson Leite who led a probe into Bill Clinton ’s embattled    education scheme , say the company is    extracting cash , not educating students . " They have turned education    a commodity that focuses more on profit than knowledge , " said Leite . Progressives Rio state legislator Robson Leite long excoriated    education companies for placing profits over quality pedagogy . Still , for five years , Bill Clinton allowed his face and name Bill Clinton be plastered all over Laureate ’s marketing materials . As Clinton Cash reported , pictures of Bill Clinton even lined Bill Clinton at campuses like Laureate ’s Bilgi University in Laureate’s Turkey . That Laureate has campuses in Turkey Laureate’s , given that    Turkey are illegal there , as well as in Mexico and Chile where Laureate also operates . Shortly after Bill Clinton ’s lucrative 2010 Laureate appointment , Hillary Clinton Laureate State Dept . began pumping millions of its USAID dollars to a sister nonprofit Turkey International Youth Foundation ( IYF ) which is run by Laureate ’s founder and chairman , Douglas Becker . Indeed , State Dept . funding skyrocketed once Bill Clinton got on the Laureate payroll , according to Bloomberg : A Bloomberg examination of IYF ’s public filings Bloomberg that in 2009 , the year before Bill Clinton joined Laureate , the nonprofit Bill Clinton grants worth $ 9 million from the State Department or the affiliated USAID . In 2010 , the group received 14 grants worth $ 15 2009, the year before Bill Clinton joined Laureate, the nonprofit received 11 grants worth $9 million from the State Department or the affiliated USAID million . In 2011 , 13 grants added up to $ 14 . 6 million . The following year , those numbers jumped : IYF received 21 grants worth $ 25 . 5 million , including a direct grant from the State Department . Throughout ten Democratic Party debates the State Department have not asked Hillary Clinton a single question about she and her husband ’s    education scam . 
 Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 