The Las Vegas billionaire Sheldon G. Adelson and Sheldon G. Adelson wife are giving more than $ 40 million to groups backing Republican congressional candidates , according to campaign filings and interviews with Republican strategists , disregarding repeated entreaties for support from allies of Donald J. Trump and dealing a major setback to Donald J. Trump efforts to rally the    Republican givers . The contributions will again make Mr. Adelson and his family Donald J. Trump the largest known donors in American politics , after several years in which they played Mr. Adelson and his family more subdued role in national Republican   . But Mr. Adelson ’s decision to deploy his wealth Mr. Adelson ballot , less than two months before Election Day , also reflects the reluctance of most of the biggest Republican donors to invest in their party the biggest Republican donors   . Mr. Adelson Mr. Adelson the possibility of giving as much as $ 100 million to    groups , an infusion that at a stroke would have made the groups financially   groups Hillary Clinton . But in recent weeks , the mercurial casino magnate   —    who entertained but ultimately rebuffed pitches from an array of Republican candidates during the party ’s nominating contest this election cycle   —    became convinced that Mr. Trump ’s chances of victory had diminished , according to Republicans briefed on his decision . The Mr. Trump family ’s biggest contributions are going instead to two " super PACs " backing Senate and House Republicans , each of which will get $ 20 million , making Mr. Adelson the single largest known donor to political organizations in the country . Mr. Adelson also gave Mr. Adelson . 5 million in August to a super PAC backing Senator Kelly Ayotte , Republican of New Hampshire . Mr. Trump is already raising far less money directly for his campaign than Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump raising for hers , taking in $ Mrs. Clinton million in August compared with her $ August million . Mrs. Clinton he is also heading toward Mr. Trump 8 with relatively limited financial help from super PACs and outside groups that can accept unlimited contributions from rich donors . Groups supporting Mr. Trump have aired just $ 12 million in broadcast advertising , according to the Campaign Media Analysis Group . Mrs. Clinton ’s allies , Mrs. Clinton a sharp increase in giving by wealthy liberals on Wall Street and in Silicon Valley , are expected to spend at least $ 160 million by Election Day . " If you want to help that Senate candidate or that gubernatorial candidate , the best way we could have done it was to nominate any of the other people who were running , " said Douglas Heye , a former adviser to House Republicans . " That ’s not the reality of the world right now . The best way to do that now is to help that campaign directly . " Two Republicans with knowledge of his giving said that Mr. Adelson was allocating a far smaller sum , $ 5 million , to benefit the top of the Republican ticket : token support by Mr. Adelson ’s standards . And Mr. Adelson move , the money will go not to any of the    super PACs but to organizations controlled by a fellow billionaire , Joe Ricketts , a Wyoming investor , whose own political operation will decide how to spend it . The Ricketts family spent millions of dollars during the primaries to defeat Mr. Trump , who responded with a Twitter message that the Rickettses " better be careful , they have a lot to hide ! " The Ricketts family spokesman for Mr. Adelson declined to comment Mr. Trump to him . He promised $ 100 million , " said Ed Rollins Mr. Trump an Mr. Trump to Great America , one of several outside groups supporting Mr. Trump . " At this point in time , he ’s like everyone else . Now he ’s going to be Mr. Trump player , just not to the Mr. Trump extent . " Mr. Trump ’s efforts have been hampered in part by confusion : Mr. Trump least three competing super PACs supporting him . One is controlled and chiefly funded by the New York billionaire Robert Mr. Trump and his daughter Rebekah Mercer , who have close ties to Mr. Trump ’s campaign Robert Mercer . Two others , Great America PAC and Rebuild Mr. Trump are controlled by rival teams of consultants , but each has received a blessing of sorts from the Trump family . Mr. Trump ’s son Eric appeared at a    this month for Great America , while Mr. Trump , Donald Jr. was the special guest at an event for Great America Now less than a week later . While Mr. Trump has enjoyed success for a Republican Great America in raising small contributions , the same Mr. Trump have fired up his    supporters have turned off many wealthier Republican contributors , making it difficult for both Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the Republican National Committee to keep pace among larger donors . Mr. Adelson at one point appeared to be the biggest potential backer in Mr. Trump ’s corner . This spring , he published an    article endorsing Mr. Trump and urging other Republicans to get behind him , and in August Mr. Adelson donated $ 1 . 5 Mr. Trump’s the Republican convention , where Mr. Trump Mr. Adelson formally nominated in July Mr. Adelson But in the months since , Mr. Trump has shrugged off private pleas Mr. Trump’s Adelson and others within his party to modulate his tone and message against Mr. Trump’s . Those issues came to a head at a meeting this month Mr. Trump’s major conservative donors Mr. Trump’s by the billionaire hedge fund executive Paul Singer , a resolute Trump opponent who has opined that Mr. Trump ’s campaign proposals would cause a " widespread global depression " if enacted . Representatives of the Ricketts family , the Senate Leadership Fund and Americans for Prosperity , the political organization overseen by the billionaire industrialists David H. and Charles G. Koch , were among those pitching donors at the meeting . So was the Republican National Committee chairman , Reince Priebus , who told donors that he needed to raise another $ 60 million to $ Mr. Priebus supporting Mr. Trump would help    races . But the Kochs’ political organization , backed by an overlapping group of large conservative donors , is so far steering clear of the presidential race and focusing its efforts on the House and Senate . And some of the top Republican donors in the country have now , like Mr. Mr. Trump given to the Koch organization or the Senate Leadership Fund , according to Tuesday ’s filings . These donors include Mr. Singer , the Chicago hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin , and a the presidential race controlled by Frank L. VanderSloot , a prominent Idaho businessman . Mr. Adelson ’s $ 5 million will go to yet another group , called Future45 , which was set up and funded last year by the Ricketts family , Mr. the top Republican donors in the country Mr. Griffin to test lines of attack against Mrs. Clinton . Future45 and a sister nonprofit group , now being run solely by Mr. Ricketts ’s team Mr. Adelson hoping to raise more than $ 25 million . The Ricketts family has provided $ 1 million , according to a Republican strategist involved in the effort . The hope is that a round of fall advertising aimed at Mrs. Clinton could help soften her support in states that also feature competitive House and Senate races , aiding Republican candidates in those contests . The Wall Street Journal first the Ricketts family the group ’s new direction on Tuesday . " The Ricketts are committed to helping Republicans win up and down the ballot this fall , including    and every Mrs. Clinton candidate up and down Mrs. Clinton ballot , " said Brian Baker , a spokesman for the family . Mr. Adelson , whose fortune is estimated at almost $ 32 billion , could easily afford to spend more for Mr. Trump in the weeks ahead . But Mr. Adelson and other donors are rapidly running out of time to have an effect on the race . Even his the ballot Republican congressional efforts are coming late in the game , when the price of advertising is climbing drastically and there are fewer undecided voters to persuade . In part to mitigate those costs , the Senate Leadership Fund reserved $ 40 million in fall advertising in June , before the cash was available to pay for it . Democratic groups , Mr. Trump , are enjoying success in persuading rich donors and unions to pour money into super PACs , bolstered by Mrs. Clinton ’s warm relationships with Mrs. Clinton her party . Through the party’s of September , Mrs. Clinton to Federal Election Commission filings , the lead    group , Priorities USA Action , had raised $ 13 million from S. Donald the cash , a wealthy financier , and $ 9 . 5 million from the retired hedge fund billionaire George Soros . S. Daniel Abraham , the billionaire founder of SlimFast , has contributed $ 9 million to the group . The entertainment executive Haim Saban and his wife , Cheryl , have contributed $ 10 million , according to federal records . Other outside Democratic groups are also intensifying their efforts for the final weeks before the election , focusing on    outreach rather than television advertising . Tom Steyer , the billionaire environmentalist , said in an interview on Tuesday that he the group another $ 15 million into For Our Future , Haim Saban joint super PAC he is running with several PAC unions . The group is spending money in seven swing states , chiefly Other outside Democratic groups field organizing and voter mobilization . It aims to knock on eight million doors between now and the Mr. Steyer that form of communication is Tuesday way to actually engage people , " Mr. Steyer said . 
 the group the group the election Mr. Steyer he 