Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States on Friday , vowing to drain power from Washington elites and always put " the United States first " in the United States dealings with the world at a moment of transformative political change . Donald Trump arrived at the White House for the first time as President just before 5 p. m. ET following a day of tradition marking the power shift in the nation ’s capital .   In a    ceremony on the    West Front of the Capitol earlier in the afternoon , Trump placed Trump left hand on a family Bible and another that belonged to Abraham Lincoln and promised to preserve , protect and defend the Constitution . As light rain began to fall on a crowd stretching toward the Washington Monument , Trump took the oath of office from Chief Justice John Roberts with the new first lady , Melania , by Chief Justice John Roberts side .   Trump signs first bill into law   Trump Trump address centered on the themes that animated his stunning Trump campaign , which shattered political conventions and gave voice to heartland voters who felt badly let down by professional politicians . Though he paid Trump to outgoing President Barack Obama , the President Trump vision of America that came across as a repudiation of the last administration . He promised to Trump the nation ’s strength and purpose and to rebuild it from within the nation’s vowing to " bring back " American jobs , borders , wealth and dreams . " We assembled here today are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city , and in every foreign capital and in every hall of power , " Trump said . " From this day forward , a new vision will govern our land , from this day forward this day forward going to be a new vision ’America first ! America first ! ’ " Trump : ’You Trump ignored again’ Trump talked of a nation Trump mothers and children trapped in poverty in the inner cities and "   factories scattered like tombstones , " and warned crime and gangs had robbed the nation of much of its potential . Trump ’s full speech again’ Trump Trump This American carnage stops right here and stops right now , " Trump said , with Obama Trump on . " A new national pride will stir our souls , lift our sights and heal our divisions , our Trump said , our that Trump people are black or white they still bleed the same red blood people patriots .   And he told Americans listening to Trump address : " You will never be ignored again . " Former Presidents George W. Bush , Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter attended the ceremony . Hillary Clinton , whom Trump defeated in Bill Clinton Trump , was in the audience in a show of support for national unity and the peaceful transfer of presidential authority . But , contrary to some expectations , Trump made no gesture of Trump toward Clinton or her supporters following the deeply divisive Bill Clinton in Bill Clinton he won the Electoral College Trump lost the popular vote . He later recognized her during Trump congressional lunch , when she Bill Clinton a standing ovation . " I Bill Clinton very honored , very , very honored when I heard that President Bill Clinton and Secretary Hillary Clinton was coming today , I think it is appropriate to say it , " Trump said . " Honestly , there is nothing more I can say because I have a lot of respect for those two people . "   Many traditions , The    was one of many traditions that began Friday morning . Trump and his family attended a private worship service at Trump John ’s Episcopal Church , known as the church of presidents . The Obamas greeted Trump and the new first lady at the North Portico of the White House before hosting them for tea . Earlier in the morning Trump and his family Obama wrote a letter to Trump and left it on the Resolute desk Trump the Oval a letter to Trump , as outgoing presidents typically do for their successors . As Obama left the Oval outgoing presidents for the final Obama , the Oval Office whether he had any words Obama the American people Obama " Thank you , " Obama responded . The customs and symbolism that Obama playing out     from Trump ’s ride to the Capitol with Obama to the first couple ’s dance at Obama inaugural ball      are familiar . But the circumstances of this inauguration     the 58th in the nation ’s history     could hardly be more unconventional .   Everything you need to know about Trump ’s inauguration , weekend protests , When the presidential Trump began nearly a year ago , few thought Trump could survive the battle for the Republican nomination     much Trump beat Clinton to win the presidency . He was the oldest president sworn in for a first term Clinton the first president with no previous diplomatic , political or military executive experience .   In what is always a poignant moment , the former President Obama and his wife left Capitol Hill on a helicopter bound for Joint Clinton Andrews for a farewell ceremony before taking one last flight on the presidential jet . The Obamas are heading to Palm Springs , California , for a vacation . Trump attended a joint congressional inaugural luncheon in the Capitol before heading back to the White House for the inaugural parade . Halfway along Pennsylvania Avenue , Trump ’s vehicle stopped and the new first couple walked hand Trump past the cheering crowds . By the time the motorcade approached the new Trump hotel , the President was back in the hulking car . Trump the evening , Trump and the new first lady will attend two inaugural balls , Trump of the    inaugural festivities that aides say are meant to stress that the new president is eager to get to work . Supporters excited the President Trump ’s supporters , who sent him to Washington to rip up Trump and thwart the establishment , are thrilled the President he assumes power . The crowds started streaming toward the National Mall as dawn broke the President with many people wearing Trump ’s distinctive red " Make America Great Again " baseball caps . Trump One : Trump says he will sign ’very meaningful’ documents amid talk of executive orders Trump But Trump of Americans are also anxious , owing to the abrasive tone of Trump ’s campaign and fears over the consequences of his strongman leadership style Trump has vowed to tear up US trade deals Trump he says disadvantage US Trump , confront a rising China and improve estranged relations Trump Russia , despite allegations that Moscow interfered in the election . He has set high expectations for his presidency by promising to return jobs to Trump shores and reviving the manufacturing Trump . He has pledged to crush ISIS and introduce tough new vetting on immigrants from Trump where there is terrorist activity , raising fears of discrimination against Muslims . Trump is promising to build a wall on the southern border , to crack down on undocumented migrants and to gut the financial and environmental regulations that are at the center of the Obama administration ’s legacy . New presidents typically use the inaugural address     viewed by a huge crowd fanned out on the National Mall and millions of television viewers     to issue a call for national unity and ease the wounds of divisive elections . They typically remind Americans of the values and the history that binds them and of the New presidents ’s historic mission . Trump , so far , has done New presidents to reach out to his foes since November .   " He is still talking as if he is the Trump candidate rather than the " said Trump Rowland , an expert on Trump rhetoric at the University of Kansas . " Historically , presidents who are effective use inaugural addresses to heal the wounds of the campaign , to talk about what it means to be an American , to discuss shared values and lay out their political principles to come across as a strong not vain leader . " 
 