Washington ( CNN ) Melania Trump ’s Washington calendar can officially begin to fill up : The first lady appointed Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd , known as Rickie , as White House social secretary , White House announced Wednesday evening . The social secretary oversees the planning and execution of all White House White House , per the White House statement White House state dinners , parties , official    events , and the first lady ’s initiatives . Niceta Lloyd previously worked as account executive at Northern    Design Cuisine , a    event planning and catering company that worked alongside the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies to cater the inaugural luncheon in the US Capitol in January .   " Rickie brings with her over 22 years the first lady solid diplomatic , political and social entertaining experience , " Melania Trump said in the statement . " I am looking forward to sharing my ideas and traditions of entertaining and social hospitality to America ’s house , my new home as well . That , along with Rickie ’s vast experience Rickie I am even more excited . " A longtime ,    Washingtonian , Niceta Lloyd lives in Chevy Chase with her two children and Niceta Lloyd , Thomas Lloyd .   She has a special Niceta Lloyd to the White House : Thomas Lloyd is the Niceta Lloyd the late Bunny Mellon , a longtime friend and mentor to first lady Jacqueline Kennedy . Mellon was " instrumental " in designing the White House Rose Garden with Kennedy , per the White first lady Jacqueline Kennedy . A the White House first lady has told Niceta Lloyd would be " splitting her time " between Washington and New York as A spokeswoman for the first lady , Barron , 10 , completes the school year . Trump has not returned to Washington since her husband Trump inaugural weekend festivities , Washington she Trump the President in West Palm Beach last Trump for the Red Cross Ball and a Super Bowl watch party at    .   It was not immediately clear whether the first lady would be present at the White Trump Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife , Akie , arrive in Washington for a summit her husband .   Trump has slowly begun to fill positions in the East Wing : she named Lindsay Reynolds as her chief of staff and Tham Trump as White House interior Trump last week . She acknowledged the delay in a statement last week , saying Trump putting together a team will " last week to do properly . " " I am putting together a professional and    team which will take time to do properly . I am excited to be organizing and bringing together such a dynamic and forward thinking group of individuals who will work together to make our country better for everyone , " Trump said . 
 