Talk radio host Mark Levin has been criticizing Republican frontrunner for weeks , ever since Trump attacked Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) over Sen. Ted Cruz Canadian birth . On Tuesday , in the aftermath of Cruz ’s victory in Iowa , Rush Limbaugh was more critical of Trump than usual , knocking the mainstream media for anticipating Trump demise , but also punishing Trump Trump running against Cruz Cruz Iowa Iowa promising that he Trump make deals with Democrats in Washington . [ Limbaugh Rush Limbaugh careful to praise Trump Trump the media fight : " We have a very strong outsider in Donald Trump , who is showing the way in illustrating how to oppose the establishment and what not to be afraid of . "   However , he said Rush Limbaugh Trump erred Trump promising to compromise with the left : In a Republican primary , you do not win if you ’re going to sound like a liberal Democrat criticizing Ted Cruz . And it was n’t just health care . How many of you remember ( I pointed this out when it happened this Mr. Trump Trump that you ca n’t do anything if you ca n’t make deals , ca n’t cooperate ? Part of his criticism of Trump Cruz is Ted Cruz hated Trump likes him . Trump Trump , Trump I can do deals with Harry Reid and Pelosi . I know these people . I Harry Reid and Pelosi people . Schumer ? Harry Reid and Pelosi do deals . " No , no , no , no ! We do n’t want to do any more deals with these people . We want to Harry Reid and Pelosi people . We are many things Harry Reid and Pelosi Mr. Trump , Trump showing up at the debate is not one of them . This author offered a similar analysis at Harry Reid and Pelosi time Trump made the remark Trump week ago , saying he had given Cruz a " closing argument " This author " What Trump misses is how Trump the conservative base loathes both the GOP establishment and the Democrats . Trump ’s pledge to Trump    is also poorly timed , coming at a moment when Cruz is challenging his conservative credentials . Trump has yet Cruz resolve Trump This author : it is too early to talk about deals . On Tuesday , citing exit poll data , Limbaugh argued that conservatives candidates had done best in Iowa —   clearly placing Trump outside of that group Trump This is asking people , " Does this candidate share my values ? " This is an ideological question , in my estimation . I think this indicates that 5 % of the voters that went This there last night and caucused think Trump shares their values as Trump conservative .    percent think that 5% of the voters that went in there last night and caucused Cruz , and 21 % think that of Rubio . Now , if you add Cruz and Rubio , if you add their totals , Cruz get Rubio % of the vote Cruz and Rubio …     . That ’s 51 % of the vote . Trump 24 % of the vote . If you want to you can add the vote , who ’s demonstrably conservative , and you ’re up to 60 % of the vote in the Hawkeye Cauci was for conservatives . It works every time it ’s tried , is my point . Conservatism wins every It it ’s tried . When somebody tries to fake it , Conservatism conservatives are gon na spot it and it Conservatism n’t gon na fly . Limbaugh later Conservatism that Conservatism Trump had excited voters , and provided a " vessel " for their anger at Washington , Cruz had helped give voice to voters anger in the first place , aiming it at Obamacare and the establishment . In addition , Limbaugh talked up the prospects of Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Limbaugh finished a strong third behind Cruz and Trump in Iowa . While he was becoming the Cruz ’s preferred choice , and erred by participating the " Gang of Eight " immigration bill , he was one of the candidates that he could support , he implied . Trump used early support he talk radio and other conservative media to help build his campaign , though some seem to have expected that Trump Trump fade or bow out in favor of Cruz . Trump , the Iowa result virtually ensures a good season of ratings and traffic —   and reaffirms conservative media ’s high importance to the Republican primary . Photo : file 
 