  ( CNN ) The pictures are heartbreaking : Millions of honeybees lie dead after being sprayed with an insecticide targeting    mosquitoes .   " On Saturday , it was total energy , millions of bees foraging , pollinating , making honey for winter , " beekeeper Juanita Stanley said . " Today , it stinks of death . Maggots and other insects are feeding on the honey and the baby bees who are still in the hives . it ’s heartbreaking . " Juanita Stanley ,    of Flowertown Bee Farm and Supply in Summerville , South Carolina , said she lost 46 beehives     more than 3 million bees     in mere minutes after the spraying began Sunday morning . " Those that did n’t die immediately were poisoned trying to drag out the dead , " Juanita Stanley said . " Now , I ’m going to have to destroy my hives , the honey , all my equipment . the honey, all my equipment ’s all contaminated . " Juanita Stanley said Summerville Fire Capt . Andrew Macke , who keeps bees as a hobby , also lost thousands of bees . Summerville Fire Capt said neither of thousands of bees had protected thousands of bees hives because thousands of bees did n’t know about the aerial spraying .   " Andrew has two hives , " Juanita Stanley said . " Andrew did n’t know thousands of bees were going to spray . Andrew wife called Andrew . Andrew bees are at His bees porch right by His bees home , and His wife saw dead bees everywhere . " It ’s a tragedy that could be repeated across the country as cases of Zika continue to rise and local mosquito control districts struggle to protect cases of Zika residents and ease local fears . The spray fell from the skies between 6:30 and 8:30 a. m. Sunday . It was the first aerial spraying in 14 years , according to Dorchester County Administrator Jason Ward , part of the county ’s efforts to combat Zika after four local residents were diagnosed with the virus .   " We chose Sunday morning because few people would be out and about that early on a weekend , " Ward said . " To protect the bees , you do n’t want to spray after the sun has been up more two hours , so We scheduled the sun early . " the county’s used a product called Trumpet , which contains the pesticide naled , recommended by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for control of adult Aedes aegypti , the mosquito that transmits Zika .   According to the manufacturer ’s label ( PDF ) Trumpet is " highly toxic to bees exposed to direct treatment on blooming crops or weeds . To minimize hazard to bees , it hazard recommended that the product is not applied more than two hours after sunrise or two hours before sunset , limiting application to times when bees are least active . " " We followed that recommendation , " said Ward , " which is also the policy laid out by the state , using a pesticide the the state approved for use . " Ward Ward the county also notified residents of the spraying by posting a notice on its website the county 9 a. m. Friday , two days before the spraying the spraying Ward that it alerted beekeepers who were on the local mosquito control registry by phone or email , a common practice before truck spraying . " That ’s true when they sprayed by trucks they told me they advance , and we talked about it so I could protect my bees , " Stanley said . " But nobody called me about the aerial spraying nobody told me at all . "   Stanley said she Stanley would have been screaming and pleading on their doorstep if they had . their " ’Do it at night when bees are done foraging,’ I would have told them , " bees added , she into tears . " But they sprayed at bees a. m. Sunday , and all of my bees were out , doing their work by bees . "   Macke was also not informed , Ward said , because he , like Ward hobby beekeepers , is not on the local mosquito control registry .   " We are obviously bees by the fact people have lost their hives , people we have gone bees and looked at our procedures , bees Ward said . Ward We will now bees up to five days of advance notice , and we have expanded bees list to bees more local beekeepers . " Stanley says she does n’t Stanley there was malice involved , but that does n’t make the loss of her " honey Stanley " any less painful . " This was n’t about the honey , " she said . Stanley It was about This bees and selling them to other bees , and spreading the honey girls out there into the world . Now , I ca n’t help anyone anymore , because all of them are dead anyone " 
 