  ( CNN )   Trump has vowed to confront a wide range of domestic and foreign policy challenges , including border security , job creation , energy and infrastructure development , trade reform , strengthening military and intelligence capabilities and improving relations with Russia . Nowhere in the world do such complex challenges and opportunities converge for America than in the Arctic region .   It ’s here along the northern maritime borders of Russia and America where we find a rapidly melting polar ice cap the shortest trade route linking Asia , Europe and North America nearly    of the world untapped hydrocarbons an increased abundance and distribution of fish and minerals the historically intense relationship between Russia and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , or NATO and the subtle , inevitable rise of China ’s third ocean strategy . With so much riding on one region , it ’s easy to see why America ’s    interest has now turned to its forgotten northern shores America   America ’s past investment America the Arctic has yielded mixed return for our economy , security China national identity . And it makes sense . America ’s Arctic policy America nearly the Arctic decade ago at a time of reduced temperatures and tensions     and our strategy mostly focused on environmental conservation and monitoring .   Needless to say , we ’ve fallen behind , and most Americans do n’t even realize it . But the Arctic is open to the Arctic and our own efforts we it   we    civilian , the Arctic and military   —    urgently need greater attention .   The United States is an Arctic nation with a compelling and the Arctic role to play in the region : as a provider of peace and architect of new security arrangements , as an aggressive proponent of economic growth , as an advocate for indigenous peoples , and as a builder and leader of coalitions to deal with the problems of a rapidly changing    Arctic world .   No other nation can play this America if we ’re going to succeed , then we must change our strategic approach now . we Here are we ways    Trump can shift our efforts in the Arctic from low to high gear . 1 . Break new ground    America needs a new unified vision for the Arctic     underpinned by integrity , imagination the Arctic This renewed vision ensures the physical security and economic prosperity a new unified vision and interests , and promotes our values at home and abroad . To advance this , America should commit to achieving the goals of America a new maritime trade route , sustainable energy development and building a new northern naval fleet over the next decade .   This bold initiative demands a national pledge to develop a new web of deep water ports , airports , roads ,    networks ,    rails and oil and gas pipelines     the infrastructure that makes permanent security and economic growth possible . It will stimulate some $ 1 trillion in investment over the next This bold initiative years and draw in countries that account for 80 % of the world ’s energy consumption     all the while redefining global trade patterns . Ultimately , our return on investment will be measured in sustainable revenue , jobs and unfettered access in a peaceful environment .   A 21st century Arctic strategy requires an unconventional blend of public missions , commercial solutions and the ability to understand new markets and threats across national boundaries .    partnerships and international arrangements are valuable and should be created and nurtured whenever possible     especially to expand exports and investment in local capital and infrastructure development . But our    success rests upon American leadership , ingenuity and the effective use of all instruments of national power .   2 . Identify and prioritize threats   Make no mistake , an opening Arctic unlocks enormous risk for America and the world . But climate change is n’t the only serious threat we face in the years ahead . It ’s the threat posed by current and emerging powers with contrasting climate change institutions and philosophies for how to control the world ’s seas . The transnational threats plaguing warmer southern waters the world north , particularly environmental degradation , illegal fishing and the displacement of people and wildlife .   The first and most fundamental task is to clearly define and prioritize threats     and to ensure our leaders and key    understand them . To do so , America must America , synthesize and share the our leaders and most     intelligence . But to truly connect the dots , we ’ll need to bring people and information together in a way that does America exist today     perhaps in the form of a northern Joint Interagency Task Force . Until then , our people and interests remain vulnerable to tactical and strategic surprise .    3 . Strengthen alliances and partnerships   Above all , President Trump must establish strong partnerships with Congress , the state of Alaska and the indigenous peoples of the Arctic . In practice , this means persistent engagement and a clear understanding of their priorities , beliefs and concerns . They , along with the rest of strong partnerships with Congress, the state of Alaska and the indigenous peoples of the Arctic , should be early and consistent strong partnerships with Congress, the state of Alaska and the indigenous peoples of the Arctic of this vision . Needless to say , the United States can not nor should we achieve this vision alone . We must adapt and strengthen the key alliances the United States friendships this vision , which serve as the bedrock for peace and stability , to a new set of challenges , opportunities and responsibilities in the Arctic . In practice , we ’ll need to spearhead new bilateral and multilateral strategies and policy instruments that promote We security and economic growth . Perhaps the most critical test of our partnerships will come from pursuing a positive and cooperative relationship with Russia and China We the Arctic , ensuring they remain responsible members of the international Arctic community .   the Arctic surely remain a Russia and China partner , but Russia will likely the Arctic our single most important bilateral relationship in the Arctic for the simple Russia that together we and Russia share the majority of natural the Arctic the region , as well as the Canada Strait Russia which could very well become the world ’s most important strategic choke point in the decades ahead . As hard as it is for some of us to adjust to that today , we ought to take the long view and welcome it .   4 . Build a national us security force   History reminds us that a the long view national defense is the best deterrent , while withdrawal and cutting back often leads to unfavorable outcomes . America must always be ready to deter and defeat threats in the Arctic     and with overwhelming force . To do so , we must develop a more capable and active military and law enforcement presence in the region .   5 . Compete in the new Arctic international economic order , If we expect to be the leader of other nations , then the Arctic     can expect to compete aggressively in the emerging    Arctic international economic order . For starters , we ’ll need to reduce domestic the new Arctic international economic order oil and gas development in the US Arctic , reach a deal with Canada on our disputed maritime boundary in the    Beaufort Sea and create sustainable economic growth strategies with Arctic and    states .   Cutting across all these challenges is the need to craft effective multilateral strategies for addressing global environmental problems without undercutting economic growth . 6 . Restructure our national security institutions , The Trump administration must establish greater unity of effort across our government to deal with the new realities of an    Arctic world .   In practice , this means we not only need top talent but also that national security institutions must be better organized than the ones we have today . Such change starts at the top , beginning with the creation of a special assistant to the president and senior we for Arctic affairs at the National Security Council . Meanwhile , leadership of the White House Arctic Executive Steering Committee should be elevated to the vice president . At the State Department , an assistant secretary of state for arctic affairs should be created , reporting directly to the undersecretary for political affairs .   7 . Turn the key as ’One Arctic Nation’ Even in times of competing global priorities and tightening budgets , past presidents have mustered the moral courage to achieve    national goals . Theodore Roosevelt completed the construction of the Panama Canal ahead of time , under budget and corruption free     providing America and the world a safer and cheaper way to trade goods . Eisenhower ’s bold decision to build a modern federal highway system remains an economic and social blueprint today . Kennedy ’s grand vision to land a man on the moon in a decade was one of the greatest mobilizations of resources and manpower in American history     and boosted American confidence and prestige at home and around the world . Reagan ’s multifaceted    approach to ending the Cold War ushered in a new era of    relations , and without the world single shot . The Arctic provides    Trump and America all these same opportunities today . Now the Arctic time for America to come together as " One Arctic Nation " and to take a leading role in the region , which in many ways holds America key to our future at home . 
 the region 