  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s     and close adviser Jared Kushner is at the center of the " infighting " inside    Donald Trump ’s transition team , multiple sources tell  (CNN) . Donald Trump , however , tweeted Tuesday night that the process was " very organized . " " Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions . I am the only one who knows who the finalists are ! " he said . Former Congressman Mike Rogers said Tuesday Former Congressman Mike Rogers parted ways with Donald Trump transition team , removing an establishment national security voice from the planning process of the next president ’s cabinet . Rogers Former Congressman Mike Rogers told Monday on the phone that he Former Congressman Mike Rogers out , according to a source familiar with the transition . The a source familiar with the transition this was part of an effort to replace the transition team members associated with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , who previously headed up the Trump’s transition team efforts until being replaced by Vice    Mike Pence .    " Sometimes in politics . .. there are people who are in and people who are out . And the people who have been asked to move on have some relationship with Chris Christie , " Rogers told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Tuesday night .    " And so there ’s a whole series of about five of them that fit that criteria that were asked to leave in the last few days . And you know what ? That ’s absolutely the campaign ’s prerogative . I hope they all stay engaged , " he added . Kushner has been rubbing allies the wrong way in his recent efforts to Kushner the transition team of Christie associates , sources say . Kushner ’s father was Kushner by    Attorney Christie in 2004 for tax evasion , witness tampering and illegal campaign contributions . Trump ’s team of bitter rivals , Rogers , who had been working on the transition team for months under Christie , was sidelined   Attorney Christie the campaign and transitions merged into one presidential team , with members of Trump ’s inner circle Trump’s were with him through the campaign Trump’s more prominent roles in the transition , according to one source familiar with the transition activity . But another source , a longtime Christie associate , cautioned that there was no " purge " of Christie staff , the team that began the transition months ago , and that such a characterization is " overblown . " While some Christie staff have left , others are continuing on with the transition team . A    Trump insider said the    " purge " focused only on lobbyists . The Christie associate said A   Trump insider that Pence would A   Trump insider some of his own people involved now that A   Trump insider is running the effort . A   Trump insider I think there is some confusion going on about a chain of command coming out of New York . Hopefully they ’ll get that settled pretty some confusion going on about a chain of command coming out of New York . I think they ’re going to need to some confusion going on about a chain of command coming out of New York it because as this clock ticks , all of these decisions become more important , " Rogers told Cooper . Earlier Tuesday , Rogers positively described his time period Rogers with the Rogers team as a " privilege , " in a statement to reporters , and said he was handing off his responsibilities Rogers a national security Rogers to the transition organization to Pence and " the stellar new leadership team . "   " I look forward to continuing to provide advice and counsel as needed to the incoming Trump administration as they work to make America great the incoming Trump administration , " Rogers said in the statement . Speaking to CNN a statement to reporters Sciutto on " The Lead , " Rogers said later Tuesday that he felt Rogers transition team was " Rogers in a different direction , " though he noted some confusion on the team Rogers " Is there a the transition team in New York ? I think there is . I think this is growing pains , " Rogers said . The news of Rogers’ Rogers was first reported by Bloomberg .   Rogers’ participation in the transition team was seen Rogers’ a heartening the transition team GOP national security advisers . Sources tied to the transition team talking to CNN described the organization ’s the transition team the lines of establishment Republican operatives against more    influences on national security issues     as a " knife fight " on Monday . ’Knife fight’ as Trump builds an unconventional national security cabinet , Rogers chaired the House Intelligence Committee while he was in Congress and is an Army veteran and former FBI agent with an Rogers in national security , He has also been critical of Russia ’s role in recent hacking episodes , including Rogers hacks of Democratic political groups during the election which the US government attributed to high levels of Russian government . Trump repeatedly declined to acknowledge Russia ’s role , saying the evidence the US government . Amid the churn in Trump Russia’s team the Obama White House Tuesday night said it ’s moving forward with a Trump of information . " We received the MOU signed by the churn in Trump’s transition team the Obama White House Tuesday night    Pence this evening , " said Brandi Hoffine , a the churn in Trump’s transition team the Obama White House Tuesday night House spokesperson . " The next step is for the   ’s transition team to provide us with the names of the individuals they have authorized to represent their transition effort across the government the churn in Trump’s transition team the Obama White House Tuesday night Once we have received those names the  ’s transition team related materials , those the  ’s transition team will be able to receive the briefing materials we have prepared and begin to communicate with the individuals they have authorized to represent their transition effort across the government administration agency counterparts as we continue our work to we the transition to the next administration . the individuals they have authorized to represent their transition effort across the government  
 we we 