  ( CNN ) Until Donald Trump releases Donald Trump tax returns     which Donald Trump has steadfastly refused to do after first promising Donald Trump would     any statements about Donald Trump net worth , annual income and tax rate are speculative . Still , if we combine what we know about tax loopholes for real estate investors with Donald Trump limited financial disclosures and other publicly available information , it is reasonable to surmise , as does expert and Pulitzer    David Cay Johnston , that the presumptive Republican presidential contender is paying very little in federal income taxes . We David Cay Johnston, that the presumptive Republican presidential contender is paying very little in federal income taxes that Trump Donald Trump repeatedly received a New York state tax break intended only for families earning less than $ 500 , 000 per year . And a CNN investigative piece about Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump courses demonstrates further that the reality TV star is adept at using legal maneuvers to get unreasonably low real estate valuations , ensuring he Donald Trump minimal property tax , For example , according to the investigation , he Donald Trump a golf course in Westchester , New York ( where he Donald Trump a    speech not too long ago ) that he Donald Trump in FEC statements is worth $ 50 million . But his Donald Trump has filed appeals claiming the property is only worth $ 1 . 4 million . Similarly , he Donald Trump filed hundreds of property assessment appeals regarding    dollar holdings in   other states . But the most incriminating information we know due to court filings is , for two years in the late 1970s , Trump paid zilch in federal taxes due to a tax code provision that allows real estate investors to write off depreciation even when it ’s a cost they real estate investors paid . Based on this and his Trump tax avoidance schemes , it ’s hardly a stretch to presume he Trump continue to exploit all available loopholes . Private real estate investors can write off depreciation costs even when the vast majority of their Private real estate investors is   . What does this mean ? Let ’s say a private real estate developer builds a rental property that costs $ 100 million , but he a private real estate developer puts down 10 percent or $ 10 million of his a private real estate developer money , and finances the remaining $ 90 million with a 5 percent loan from a bank or investors . Then , let ’s ’s the annual rent payments minus expenses for maintenance generate $ 5 million a year before interest . Annual interest on the property would be $ 4 . 5 million , leaving a net cash flow of $ 0 . 5 million . For tax purposes , however , the a private real estate developer take depreciation deductions over a period ranging from 27 to 40 years , depending on the type of property , for the full $ 100 million value of the property , which will produce a tax write off of $ 2 . 3 to $ 3 . 6 million a year . So our faulty tax code gives the owner an annual tax " loss " of as much as $ 3 . 6 million . To top it off , the owner the owner this      loss an annual tax "loss" of as much as $3 property value is actually going up . This is because depreciation deductions are based on the entire value of the property , not simply the cash that the investor put down . Looked at another way , over just three or four years , the building owner the owner off his entire $ 10 million the owner investment . Then as the years go by , he can continue to write the owner that investment again and again . The his entire $10 million cash investment is that the tax code enables real estate developers like Donald Trump to transform an investment earning a 5 % annual return before taxes into one making 18 % a year after taxes . In other words , most of the profits are a gift from the government . This is what economists call a negative tax rate , and what we ordinary people would call welfare for the rich . Because developers are real estate professionals , they can use their alleged tax losses from developers holdings to developers are real estate professionals income from other sources . In Trump ’s case , the core of his business involves real estate , but he Trump receives income from other endeavors , Trump television appearances , Trump cologne ( yes , there is such Trump thing ) book royalties , golf courses ,     seminars and so forth . Trump ’s    tax losses from real estate Trump can legally be used to offset his profits from each of these unrelated sources Trump In theory , the tax code should provide a partial offset to these subsidies by taxing developers once they sell their properties . But there ’s developers another developers loophole that prevents this from happening . The law allows people in the real estate business to avoid ever selling their properties for tax purposes . Instead , people in the real estate business can trade one property for another through people in the real estate business called "   exchanges . " This tax break was enacted long ago to let family farmers trade fields with other farmers without triggering capital gains taxes . But like so many other small loopholes , this one has morphed into a huge tax break for real estate moguls . Given their widespread use in the real estate industry and Trump ’s own suggestion that he pursues the " lowest tax rate possible Trump’s " it seems likely that Trump ’s tax returns would show that he Trump extensive advantage of ridiculously large depreciation Trump’s and the    exchange loophole . Regardless of the exact details of Trump ’s tax shenanigans , Congress should put a Trump tax breaks for real estate magnates . Depreciation deductions should be limited to a percentage of the owner ’s equity . The    part should not qualify for tax deductions . Second , lawmakers should eliminate the    exchange loophole .   Together , these reforms the   exchange loophole large amounts of    federal revenue , but they would also help ensure that    developers are paying their fair share these reforms taxes . Join us on    . . Read these reforms ’s new Flipboard magazine . 
 