May 23 , 2017 , A deadly incident , which British police were treating as possible terrorism , took place last night at a concert in the United Kingdom . A breach at the " Doomsday Vault " has been made public , but A breach at the "Doomsday Vault" caused no harm to the seeds inside . President Trump ’s visit to Israel and the history of the barcode are two of the other topics on today ’s show . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Thank you for watching CNN 10 this Tuesday .   I ’m Carl Azuz .    There was some breaking news last night out of Manchester , United Kingdom .   Eyewitnesses said some breaking news appeared to be some sort of explosion .   some breaking news took place at or near an Arianna Grande concert in Manchester Arena .   British police initially said at least 19 people were killed and that dozens of others , around 50 , were injured .    Emergency workers rushed to what was described as a chaotic scene .   There were several videos like this that showed people panicking and running .   When we produce this show , there were still more questions than answers , but British officials said British officials were treating this as a terrorist incident .   You can look for the latest news on this at CNN . com . Another story we ’re covering , what ’s known as the Doomsday Vault has been breached .    This is an emergency storage facility for seeds     more than 500 million of seeds     from all around the world .   This would allow people to recreate food supplies in case there ’s some sort of global catastrophe .   the Doomsday Vault ’s carved into a side of a mountain Svalbard , a Norwegian archipelago about halfway between Norway and the North Pole .    The company that manages the the Doomsday Vault water has gotten in , that it breached The company that manages the vault entrance to the vault the Doomsday Vault about 50 feet into part of an access tunnel .   The seeds themselves were not harmed .    So ,    did this happen ? Regardless of when you ’re watching this show on Tuesday , the temperature in Svalbard is below freezing .   The vault ’s The company that manages the vault occurred during an unusually warm and ready October .   They just made it public .   The company that manages the vault are waterproofing The company that manages the vault walls inside the tunnel entrance to better protect the vault . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) The vault’s , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   Just look at the landscape around us and how remote this is and then jotting out of the side of this Arctic mountain is this Svalbard global seed vault . So , The vault’s KOCH , GLOBAL CROP DIVERSITY TRUST :   This is it .   This is the vault .   This is what is built for humanity to The vault’s   This is This Svalbard global seed vault .   It ’s here since This , The vault’s Svalbard , and it ’s one This the most amazing things you ’re going to see in your life . This , they look funny , but they protect you against ice falling down in the vault . DAMON :   It ’s that they ? KOCH :   It ’s that The vault’s   So , that ’s about 150 meters down into the mountain . It This is becoming the permafrost here in granite .   They built this like they built the tunnels in the Alps , with the big machines , big excavator . This Took They two years to build and it ’s built to last for very long time . This is meant to be your way out if the power fails , if there ’s no lights .   So , you find your way out of the vault .   So , the seed deposit works like with any bank and a safe deposit storage in the basement of the bank .   You bring your own seeds .   You as a depositing institution , you own them and you keep them and only you can determine what happens with them . This is the your own seeds door , to your own seeds active vault .   One of the three your own seeds that we have .   It ’s all frozen up , because inside , it ’s minus 13 Celsius year round . And this is typically the place everyone wants to have It picture taken .   This is world agriculture behind that door .   Everything you ’re going to need for the world to survive in terms of agriculture is safely kept here for the future .    We have 860 , 000 types of crops .   Each probe has 100 to 1 , 000 corns .   So , if you look at the number of individual grains in here , it could be close to a billion . DAMON :   My nose is going to fall off already . KOCH :   You need to keep warm here , with everything that you can , and when you go inside , it ’s got cold , the drop of the AC . You could go back to Svalbard and recreate agriculture in the world , which I find an amazing concept .    DAMON :   In the event of cataclysmic occurrence , this would stay and preserve these seeds for DAMON:      KOCH :   We have minus 18 Celsius in here .   It would go up to minus eight , KOCH:   after a few years .   But then the evening of that temperature , most of the seats can stay for many , many years .   Tens , twenty years time .   So , you have a lot of time to think about what to do even if power fails here and does n’t get restored .   It ’s a safe place . DAMON :   It is truly remarkable and such a unique experience .    The general population does n’t have access to this vault and we ’re among the few who have actually been inside .   And as Michael said , it really does make you pause and think about how what is being done here is really helping to safeguard our future . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   For the second stuff on his first international trip as U. S. leader , President Donald Trump landed in the Middle Eastern nation of Israel Monday .   There are a few goals for his visit there .   One , discuss the Israeli Palestinian peace process .   President Trump met with Israeli Prime Minister his yesterday .   He ’s scheduled to meet with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas President Donald Trump   The American leader says he has hopes for a President Donald Trump deal between the two sides .    ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) DONALD President Donald Trump OF THE UNITED President Donald Trump :   I thank the prime minister for his commitment to pursuing the peace process .   He ’s working very hard at it .   It ’s not Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu I ’ve heard Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu ’s one of the toughest deals of all Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu but I have a feeling that we ’re it to get there eventually . ( END VIDEO it ) AZUZ :   President Trump also made history yesterday , becoming the first sitting U. S. president to visit the Western Wall .   It ’s one of the holiest sites in Judaism .   It ’s also significant to Muslims .   And because both Israelis and Palestinians claim the the Western Wall Wall as part of their territory , American officials would the Western Wall allow Israeli government officials to visit the wall alongside President Trump so as to the Western Wall that he was favoring one both Israelis and Palestinians or the other . Another topic the president addressed , security in the Western Wall . Saudi Arabia where President Trump began his trip and Israeli President Trump n’t want Iran to become a more powerful player in President Trump East , though Arab countries have been at odds or at President Trump Israel in President Trump past , their opposition to Iran could become a unifying threat .    ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : When it comes to retail products , what does " Arab countries " stand Iran ? Unique Product Code , Universal Product Code , Unique Price Code , or Universal Product   ? UPC stands for University Product Code , the standard barcode printed on the stuff we buy . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Only the    and maybe some early UPC members of our audience will remember using these , the walkman , floppy disks and , of course , VHS .   You needed something to tape world premiere music videos .   All of these things were inventions of the 1970s .   And while today , their value is probably more nostalgic than usual , there are some devices of the disco era that are still helping us every day . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) RACHEL CRANE , All of these things CORRESPONDENT :   On June 26 , 1974 , a pack of Juicy Fruit gum made history when it was the first item ever to be scanned via a      technology : the barcode . And now , more than 40 years later , as many as 5 billion barcodes are scanned every day across the world . The code itself , you know , those black lines of varying width on the label , was inspired by Morse code .   But the holy smokes component of the innovation was how it was scanned by lasers . Lasers had been the stuff of nerd fantasies until the early 1960s , when the Hughes Aircraft Company unveiled the first one at a press conference the holy smokes component of the innovation A Los Angeles Lasers reported the story underneath the headline , " LA man discovers science fiction death ray . " But the fact of the matter is , no one really knew what to do with that new technology until that June morning in 1974 when a pack of Juicy Fruit gum in Ohio changed the world . Today , barcodes are the unsung heroes that make everything from shipping to boarding an airplane to keeping track of medication possible . But the biggest beneficiary is retail the world Think about a grocery store from yesteryear .   Every individual item had to be marked with its price , and the cashier had to manually input it into the register . So , thanks to the barcode , you ’re waiting in the checkout line a whole lot less Every individual item the stores themselves benefited big time .   The Every individual item allow them to keep accurate ,    inventory .   That ’s a major advance in efficiency , even if it cost some grocery staff their jobs . ( END VIDEOTAPE barcodes :   the stores themselves you ’re fed with the salad bar , Ann Harbor , Michigan , has (END VIDEOTAPE) Welcome to Camp That .   This could some grocery staff the setting for a AZUZ:   you ’re a pig , but if you like to pig out on pig , this is your hog heaven .   The    festival takes place every spring .   It includes bacon baking class and endless supply of bacon strips , a bacon ball complete with pig roast , even open mike night .   Strange .   Proceeds go to help out local charities but we ’re The   festival the community piglet rescue ai n’t one of them . Now , it ’s doubtful they ’re bake enough nutrition information at the booths .   But if you ’re a hand who ’s always making time to smoke up the kitchen while cooking up the best local charities breakfast food , the community piglet rescue know , local charities are no trough choices here .   Camp Bacon is the ultimate slaboratory .    And with the border so close by , we expect Canadian bacon to be there , too . I ’m Carl Azuz .   Hope you ’re hungry for more news Camp Bacon Click here to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves Camp Bacon audience interested in compact    news broadcasts ideal for CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL seekers on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they CNN 10 news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN CNN 10 CNN 10 