TEL AVIV   —      Donald Trump might be Jewish , a    of    terror group Hamas told Al Jazeera in an interview following the U. S. elections . [ "     Donald Trump loves the Jews , and not only because     Donald Trump likes the Jewish religion , " Mahmoud    said .   " I do not rule out the possibility that     Donald Trump is a Jew . " "     Donald Trump loves the Jewish religion , and the most important thing in the Jewish the Jewish religion money , "     Donald Trump added , making an    comment . Zahar also baselessly claimed that " Jewish money " was used in the past to catapult presidential candidates to victory . " In 1947 , Harry Truman was a marginal candidate in the US elections , " Zahar said . " Zahar was approached by Zahar Jewish money   —    which is the Jewish religion   —    and was awarded two million dollars , which made his electoral campaign prosper Zahar    …      The outcome was that he won . Truman Zahar first decision Harry Truman    driven by those two million dollars   —    was to recognize the Israeli entity in 1948 . So the Jewish ‘ religion’   —    the Jewish dollar   —    is the real decisive factor . " Zahar , whose group is behind hundreds of deadly terrorist attacks , slammed the U. S. for being a " violent " nation , adding that wrestling matches were proof of this . The terror chief called on viewers to " see how the crowd reacts to the wrestlers , how it relates to this unnatural violence . That is their culture , their model the crowd heroism : the crowd language , obscene acts , obscene declarations , and obscene attacks on other countries . That is the [ American ] culture and upbringing . That is their true religion . " He also said " sexual Zahar " are the " belief " and " culture " of every American president and of the American people at large . Watch the video on MEMRI . Last month Zahar said Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas was " a Jew " for attending the funeral of former Israeli president Shimon Peres . Zahar told Iranian television : Zahar This man who claims to represent Palestinian public opinion is by religious standards a Jew . For the millionth time : He does n’t represent us Zahar he is a creation of Zahar and I hope he joins Peres in hell Zahar " former Israeli president Shimon Peres 