’   ’ "    Donald Trump ’s refusal to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan , his    unabashed criticism of a family whose son was killed fighting in    Iraq , and a series of other    missteps have infuriated    key members of the Republican Party and left    campaign staff    demoralized , according to multiple reports published Wednesday    morning . " ’    One source close to the campaign   by characterizing his campaign staff    as " suicidal . " ’ ’    " Manafort not challenging [ Trump ] anymore , " said the source ,    described as an ally of campaign chairman Paul Manafort . " Mailing    it in    Staff suicidal . " ’ ’   ’ "    Officials within the GOP did n’t seem to have much more optimism . " ’    ABC News reporter Jonathan Karl   that " senior officials at the party    are actively exploring what would happen if Trump dropped out "    and are wondering about " how to replace him on Trump ballot . " ’ ’    " He is Trump unpredictable right now , they are so unable to control    his message Trump they just they know and they clearly they it    is    possibility , which is why they’’re looking at these rules , "    Karl said on " Good Morning America . " ’ ’    A top Republican   that Reince Priebus , the    Republican National Committee chairman , was " apoplectic " over    Trump’ ’s refusal to endorse Ryan in his House Ryan race .    Priebus was described as " furious " by sources who spoke with    Karl . ’ ’    Even Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , Trump’ ’s running mate , distanced    himself from Trump’ by telling Fox News on Wednesday that he    Trump’ strongly support[s ] " Ryan and endorses his reelection Ryan ’ ’    And former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , one of Trump’ ’s Trump’    ardent supporters ,   for what he called    " " behavior . ’ ’    " Trump is still behaving like as though it was the primaries and    there were 17 candidates , " Gingrich told Fox Business Channel on    Wednesday    " He has Gingrich made the transition to being the potential    president of the United States , which is a much tougher league . " ’ "    Republicans close to Trump were plotting an intervention to    protect    Republican candidates who will also be up for    election this November , NBC News reported . Top Republicans were    said    be hoping that Trump ’s Trump could help rein him in Trump " ’    A CNN reporter cited a Trump adviser Trump said the media needed to    focus    on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and    less on Trump : Trump ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t . says a big part of the frustration inside the Trump campaign is that the media the media too much on    HRC . ’t’t’ ’    Trump spokesman Jason Miller pushed back on the reports of    turmoil within the campaign , the Trump campaign a statement . ’ ’    " The idea that Paul Manafort is mailing it in is completely Paul Manafort erroneous , "    statement said . a statement campaign just finished up    our strongest month    fundraising Our date , we’’re adding talented    and experienced staffers on a daily basis , and Mr. Trump’ ’s    turning out bigger and    enthusiastic crowds than Hillary    Clinton ever could . " ’ ’    Manafort has also denied the reports : ’ ’ ’ ’   just told me   report wrong     that all is ok on the   Train . From outside of course it looks like no rails . ’t’t’ ’    And Trump stood firm , saying nothing was amiss . He tweeted    Wednesday morning Trump ’    ’ ’ ’t’t’tThere is great unity in my campaign , perhaps greater than ever before . I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support . Beat Crooked H ! ’t’t’ 
 