’   ’ ’    Conservative commentator Tomi Lahren , a host on TheBlaze TV ,    suggested in an interview published Monday that the Clintons are    responsible for the murders of several people . ’ "    Lahren posts a daily commentary video that regularly generates    millions of views online . On Monday it was   she would contribute to a    nightly online television program Donald Trump , the Republican    nominee , was launching through his campaign ’s Facebook account . " ’    Lahren ’s remarks came on . The host ,    Weinstein , asked Lahren’s if Lahren’s stood by a similar claim Lahren’s had    made in the past . ’ ’    " You went on to say that the Clintons have a high body count . Do    you believe that the Clintons really are killing people ? "    Weinstein asked . ’ ’    Here ’s the full exchange : ’ ’’ "    The conspiracy theories Lahren perpetuated have been widely    debunked . Foster ’s death , for instance , was ruled as a suicide by    six different investigations . " ’    A spokesperson for TheBlaze said in a statement to Business    Insider that Lahren Lahren an " extremely popular personality " and    " entitled to her personal views . " ’ "    The A spokesperson for TheBlaze said that contrary to the    initial tweet announcing her involvement her Trump ’s nightly    newscast , which was later deleted , Lahren Lahren not be a   .    Instead , she will her as a contributor to the show . " ’    The Trump campaign Trump did not immediately respond to a request    for comment . ’ ’    In the same interview with Weinstein , Lahren Lahren asked to name    three books that have shaped her world her . ’ ’    " I ’m going to be honest with you , I ’m not a reader , " she said her " I    do n’t like to read long books . " ’ ’    Lahren Lahren she Lahren reading the news and commentary , but she Lahren    more    a " watcher " and sits down to view news programs . ’ ’    " I have a very short attention span , so sitting down with a book    is very difficult for me , " she Lahren . ’ " Editor ’s note : This story has been updated to include comment    from a spokesperson for TheBlaze . " ’ Disclosure : The author of this story This story employed    by TheBlaze . ’ TheBlaze 