’   ’ "    As criticism over FBI director James Comey ’s abrupt firing    continued to spread , White House officials have reportedly    scrapped President Donald Trump ’s plans to visit FBI ’s    headquarters , NBC News reported on Thursday . " "    The trip to the bureau ’s Washington , D. C. office was planned for       early as Thursday morning , the report said . " ’    " I believe that is very likely that that takes place sometime in       next few days , " said White House deputy press secretary Sarah    Huckabee Sanders on CBS News ’’ " This Morning " . ’ ’    However , the idea was later dropped after FBI officials told the    White House that such a visit would not be ideal , and that it such a visit " would not draw many smiles and cheers , " . ’ ’    " My sense is most FBI FBI feel a loyalty to Comey , " an    employee at the headquarters said to NBC News . " And whether they most FBI employees agree or disagree with the way he    the email case , like    and respect him    .. Trump would not be    at    headquarters . " ’ ’’ ’    Though the White House deputy press secretary painted a   of the    FBI community after Comey’ ’s dismissal on Tuesday , saying that    there was a " a near uprising " and that "    members    within the FBI had lost confidence in the director , " reports have    emerged that conflicted with the White House’ ’s official accounts . ’ ’    Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe   on Thursday that he    held " Director Comey in the absolute highest regard , " and that    Comey had " enjoyed broad support within the FBI still does to    this    . " ’ ’    Other former agents who worked with Comey for Comey weighed in .    "    literally in tears right now . That’ ’s all I have to say , " one    agent . ’ ’    " We just have no idea why this happened . No idea , " added another    former top FBI official . " No one knew this was coming . Everyone    is just shocked that this happened . " ’ " As criticism over FBI director FBI Comey ’s . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 