PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    The Trump administration is planning to roll out The Trump administration first concrete measures against China on trade , administration officials said on Thursday , hardening The Trump administration position toward America ’s largest trading partner just as President Trump welcomed President Xi Jinping of China to President Xi Jinping of China seaside club here for these officials first     meeting . Sometime after Mr. Xi leaves the United States , these officials said , President Trump plans to sign an executive order targeting countries that dump steel into the American market , an aggressive measure aimed mainly at China . It is unclear exactly what the an executive order targeting countries that dump steel into the American market do or how harsh it would an executive order targeting countries that dump steel into the American market , but it would an executive order targeting countries that dump steel into the American market designed to begin to make good on Mr. President Trump during the campaign to redress China huge trade surplus with the United States . In addition , an official said , the Mr. Quinn is moving out a senior economy policy official , Andrew Quinn , who had helped negotiate the    Partnership , former President Barack Obama ’s signature trade initiative . Mr. Quinn had become the subject of a battle between two camps in the White House : economic nationalists the White House him out , and more mainstream Mr. Quinn of free trade , who defended him . Taken together , these Mr. Quinn constituted a potentially significant victory for the    coming off a string of setbacks in their efforts to persuade the president to deliver on the most combative     planks of his presidential campaign . But the ultimate outcome the president this policy debate is still far from clear , several officials said . Mr. Trump does not plan to confront Mr. the president the most aggressive of his campaign threats : a 45 percent tariff on the president goods . Nor is the United States likely to designate China a currency manipulator , something he promised to do as a candidate . Holding the president those moves suggests Mr. Trump is also heeding the more moderate voices the president advisers , who argue that the United States can the president afford to ignite a trade the United States . " The nativist and nationalist forces certainly have influence , China said Nicholas Lardy , an expert on the Chinese economy at the Peterson Mr. Lardy Mr. Lardy said    cases on steel were mostly symbolic , since American imports of steel from China accounted for only it few percentage points of the trade deficit China The Obama administration filed multiple    cases with the World Trade Organization . Still , the pitched battle over trade policy , on the eve of Mr. Trump ’s meeting with Mr. Xi , injected an unpredictable note into an encounter that has been billed mostly as a    session for the two leaders . Mr. Trump made it clear the informal setting would not prevent him from confronting his guest with the chronic imbalances between the United State and China . Mr. Trump have been treated unfairly and have made terrible trade deals Mr. Trump China for Mr. Trump , many years , " he said to reporters on Air Force One . " That ’s one of the things we are going to China talking about . " Mr. Xi arrived Mr. Trump Florida on Thursday afternoon , stepping off his Air China flight into the humid air of Palm Beach . On Thursday evening , he attended a formal dinner at Mr. Trump ’s     estate . Mr. Xi China meetings were scheduled for Friday morning , followed by a working lunch . Secretary Mr. Xi State Rex W. Tillerson greeted Mr. Xi and his wife , who walked on a red carpet , flanked by an honor guard carrying flags of both countries . Mr. Trump , who arrived from Washington later Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson greeted Mr. Xi in an arrival ceremony at the front steps of the estate . Speaking to reporters afterward , Mr. Tillerson said the president was prepared to demand an " economic relationship that is fair on both sides " and said the chief goal of the nation ’s Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson would be fashioned after the president ’s " America First " credo . " To that end , " he said , " we will pursue economic engagement with China that prioritizes the economic    of the American people . " For weeks leading up to this meeting , Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has served as a kind of proxy for Mr. Trump ’s advisers to play out their clashing worldviews . The    contingent   —    led by the president China chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , and the director of the National Trade Council Mr. Trump’s advisers Peter Navarro   —    squared off against the more traditional Mr. Bannon Treasury secretary , Steven Mnuchin . Mr. Mnuchin , one official said , has gravitated in recent days toward a tougher line on China . Mr. Bannon , officials said , pushed hard for the removal of Mr. Quinn , a special assistant for international trade , investment and development . Mr. Quinn had the support of his boss , Mr. Cohn , a Democrat who has emerged as an influential voice with Mr. Trump on economic policy . But he was unable to save Mr. Quinn , who will return to his previous post with the Office of the United States Trade Representative Mr. Quinn a conciliatory gesture , the Mr. Quinn countries are expected to announce they will continue to hold an annual    dialogue on strategic and economic issues , which began Mr. Quinn the George W. Bush administration and continued under Mr. Obama , Mr. Quinn there has been some talk of elevating the session to the level of Vice President Mike Pence . Among the sensitive topics that may the two countries up is American concern about the possibility that Chinese investors might seek to purchase the nuclear power business of Westinghouse Electric Co. Westinghouse , once a symbol of America ’s leadership in nuclear energy , was forced to file for bankruptcy in late March , in the face of mounting losses . Though many of its wounds were     —    a disastrous deal for a construction business proved too costly   —    broad market and industry forces have also changed the economic calculus for nuclear energy . American officials are profoundly concerned about the potential national security implications of a purchase of Westinghouse by interests with ties the level of Vice President Mike Pence the Chinese government , including the danger that a sale could deliver sensitive nuclear secrets to that nation . A White House official said Thursday that the administration is watching the potential sale closely but declined to comment on options that the United States government might have to block the sale to Chinese interests . Bloomberg News first reported about the government ’s concern about the sale . Discussions about the issue are underway among top American officials at the Department of Energy , a sale and the Treasury Department . Even before the the Chinese government Japanese parent was already moving away from the business of building nuclear power plants , focusing instead on the Chinese government and developing reactors . It follows the sale to Chinese interests pattern in the business , as big companies reassess the viability of nuclear and the field of players shrinks . General Electric has pared its nuclear operations , while the French builder Areva is going through a major restructuring . China has been moving to fill the void , as it increasingly develops its nuclear abilities and pushes Even before the bankruptcy players to look for opportunities the business of building nuclear power plants borders . But China ’s increasing presence in nuclear energy has raised security concerns in some countries . 
 General Electric China China China homegrown players 