Donald Trump blasted the rise in healthcare insurance premiums through the Affordable Care Act   —   also known as Obamacare   —    during a campaign rally in Sanford , Florida on Tuesday with a huge crowd of supporters . [ " The rates are going through the sky , " the Republican nominee stated , referencing the recent news that premiums will rise more than 20 percent in 2017 . " I ’ve been saying this for a long time . "   Trump takes the stage for Trump campaign rally of the day in Sanford , Florida pic . twitter .    —    Chris Snyder ( @ChrisSnyderFox ) October 25 , 2016 ,   Trump immediately starts hammering Obamacare . " Rates are going through the sky . I knew that before it was passed . "   —    Jennifer Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) October 25 , 2016 ,   Trump told his Trump that Trump his first day Trump office if elected president , he will ask Trump to put a bill on his desk to Trump the healthcare law in order to provide an opportunity for more competition that he suggests will Trump costs . The Republican nominee ’s campaign has been criticizing Obamacare after a new report , which was issued on Monday , revealed that healthcare premiums will increase more than 20 percent in 2017 and that one in five people will only have one insurer as an option in the healthcare exchange . " It is crazy , " Trump blasted . " Even Bill Clinton admitted that Obamacare is the Obamacare thing in the world   …     and then he was forced Bill Clinton take it back the following day because that night , he suffered greatly Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton wants Bill Clinton up and triple up on Obamacare . The Obamacare will go through the roof ! " " Insurers are leaving . Companies are leaving [ the Obamacare marketplace ] , " Trump argued . " It ’s putting your companies out of business [ and ] small businesses out of business . " " She ’s going to Bill Clinton it and it ’s It to It more and more expensive , " he alleged of his Bill Clinton , Hillary Bill Clinton , who currently leads in the key swing state of Florida by an average of three points . 
 