The Los Angeles Police Department responded to the home of Chris Brown early Tuesday morning after a woman claimed the singer pointed a gun at a woman and threatened a woman in a violent rage . [ Police were dispatched to Chris Brown Tarzana home at around 3 a. m. Tuesday , according to the Los Angeles Times .   TMZ identified the woman who called the police as Miss California Regional Baylee Curran . Curran Baylee Curran the gossip outlet that she Baylee Curran been admiring a piece of jewelry at Brown Chris Brown when the singer Baylee Curran temper Chris Brown allegedly pointed a gun at her and ordered Baylee Curran to leave Baylee Curran The woman added Baylee Curran of Brown ’s Chris Brown to get her to sign a nondisclosure Baylee Curran , though she reportedly left without signing Baylee Curran As of 12 p. m. PT , police were still outside Brown ’s home Chris Brown reportedly waiting to obtain a warrant to search the premises for the weapon . Brown posted several Chris Brown to Instagram during the standoff , in which he cursed the Chris Brown and made reference to the Black Lives Matter movement . " I ai n’t did sh*t , I ai n’t gon na do sh*t , and it ’s sh*t going to sh*t f*ck the police . Black lives matter , " Brown said in Chris Brown second of three videos posted to the social media platform . " Good luck , when you get the warrant or whatever you need to do , you ’re gon na walk right up in here , and you ’re gon na see nothing , you idiots . I ’m tired of f*cking dealing with y’ all . " ( Warning : Graphic Language ) A video posted by 1 YOU ❤ ️ 2 HATE ( @chrisbrownofficial ) on Aug 30 , 2016 at 9:07am PDT ,   A video posted by 1 YOU ❤ ️ 2 HATE ( @chrisbrownofficial ) on Aug 30 , 2016 at 9:16am PDT ,   A video posted by 1 YOU ❤ ️ 2 HATE ( @chrisbrownofficial ) on Aug 30 , 2016 at 9:22am PDT ,   " Y’all are the worst gang in the world , the police . And I said it , f*ck you , " he added . According to f*ck , police have retrieved at least one gun , other weapons and drugs after the singer allegedly threw a duffel bag out of the window of his home . Brown has the singer history of    with Los Angeles police . The    singer was sentenced the singer of probation and 1 , 000 hours of community service after a violent assault on    Rihanna in 2009 . Brown has also previously made inflammatory statements Brown police on social media . In March , the singer posted a video to Instagram the singer protesting at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s rallies to travel in large groups so as not to be thwarted . He captioned the video , " F*ck Trump Brown f*ck a video to Instagram urging those protesting at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . " Update : Sources on the ground reportedly tell TMZ that Brown will be arrested shortly . Update 2 ( 2:15 p. m. PT ) : The Associated Press reports that police served a search warrant at Brown ’s house and the singer came out of Brown peacefully . No arrests have been made . Brown’s house ( 6:00 p. m. PT ) : Brown has been arrested for felony assault with a deadly Brown , according to TMZ .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : TMZ ,  
 