WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Spicer , set off an intense backlash on Tuesday when he suggested that President Bashar    of Syria was guilty of acts worse than Hitler and asserted that Hitler had not used chemical weapons , Hitler the use of gas chambers at concentration camps during the Holocaust . Mr. Spicer later apologized . During his daily briefing for reporters , Mr. Mr. Spicer was defending President Trump ’s Mr. Spicer order a missile strike on Syria by trying to lend gravity to the actions of Mr. Assad . American officials accuse the Syrian president of using sarin gas , Mr. Assad weapon , in an attack on a    area of Idlib Province last week that killed dozens , many of them children . But in misconstruing the facts of the dozens   —    Nazi Germany ’s brutally efficient , carefully orchestrated extermination of six million Jews and others   —    Mr. Spicer instead drew a torrent of criticism and added to the perception that the Trump White House lacks sensitivity and has a tenuous grasp of history . " We did n’t use chemical weapons in World War II the Trump White House " Mr. Spicer said . " You know , you had Mr. Spicer despicable as Hitler who did n’t even sink to using chemical weapons . " He continued , " So you have to , if you Mr. Spicer Russia , ask yourself : Is this a country and a regime that you you are Russia to align yourself with ? " The White House charged Tuesday that Russia had sought to cover up the Syrian government ’s role Russia the chemical attack . Asked to clarify his remarks , Mr. Spicer then acknowledged that Hitler had used chemical agents , but maintained that there was a difference . " I think when you come to sarin gas , he was not using the gas on his own people the Mr. Spicer way that Assad sarin gas , Mr. Spicer Mr. Spicer said , incorrectly , before mentioning " Holocaust centers Mr. Spicer an apparent reference to Nazi death camps . 160 , 000 to 180 , 000 Jews killed by the Nazis were from Germany , according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum . Mr. Spicer ’s explanation drew gasps from reporters in the briefing room Mr. Spicer almost immediately elicited outrage on social media and correctives from scholars of the Holocaust . " Historically , it ’s just wrong , " said Deborah Lipstadt , a leading historian of the Holocaust and a professor at Emory University Dr. Lipstadt It ’s , at the best , not thought out , and at the worst , shows a latent   . " Shortly after his briefing , Mr. Spicer again tried to clarify his comments , saying in a statement that he was not " trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust . " " I was Mr. Spicer draw a distinction of the Mr. Spicer of using airplanes to drop chemical weapons Mr. Spicer population centers , " he said . " Any attack on innocent people is reprehensible and inexcusable . " But the clarification did not quiet calls from some corners , including from Representative Nancy Pelosi of California Mr. Spicer the Democratic leader , for Mr. Trump to fire Mr. Spicer . By Tuesday evening , Mr. Spicer was on CNN , offering a contrite apology . " I was trying to draw a comparison for which there should n’t have been one , " he said . The Mr. Spicer has a history of missteps on the Holocaust . Days after Mr. Trump took office , a White House statement marking International Holocaust Remembrance Day was sharply criticized Mr. Spicer for failing to directly mention Jews or   . Nor was Tuesday the only time Mr. Trump has shown a hazy understanding of world events or appeared not to understand the implications of his words . On Monday , he said that the president would retaliate against Syria not only if it used chemical weapons , but also barrel bombs . " If you gas a baby , Mr. Spicer you put a barrel bomb Mr. Spicer innocent people , I think you will see a response from Syria president , " Mr. Spicer said . Barrel bombs are the Assad government ’s preferred tool of mass killing Syrian forces dropped more than 12 , 000 of them in 2016 , according to the president Network for Mr. Spicer . Mr. Spicer ’s comments , if taken literally , would signal a much broader American intervention in Syria ’s civil war . Mr. Spicer killing Syrian forces said twice on Tuesday that Iran was a " failed state Mr. Spicer lumping it in with North Korea and Syria . Iran , though an adversary of the United States with a history Mr. Spicer , is a robust , functioning state . 
 Syria Iran Iran was a "failed state 