Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is set to speak by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday , their first call since Russia denounced a US military strike against Syria last month . President Donald Trump will Russian President Vladimir Putin Tuesday afternoon , a White House official said , in their third phone conversation since Trump took President Donald Trump . They last their following a terror attack in St. Petersburg , Russia , Russia early April , and also chatted a week after Trump ’s President Donald Trump January . The call comes after Putin characterized a Russian President Vladimir Putin strike against a Syrian government air base " aggression against a sovereign state in violation of the norms of international law . " The US strike was in response to a suspected chemical attack by Syrian leader Bashar    a Putin ally , Russian President Vladimir Putin his own people Russian President Vladimir Putin   Questions also continue to swirl over ties between Trump and Russian cyberintrusions during the 2016 presidential campaign , which the FBI and multiple Capitol Hill committees are investigating .   Trump on Putin Trump during the presidential Trump that he views Putin as a Trump strong leader " and hoped to be able to build a good relationship with him . Read : 80 Trump Turmp talked about Putin , " Russian President Vladimir Putin would treat Vladimir Putin firmly Russian President Vladimir Putin there ’s nothing I can think of that I ’d rather do than have Russia friendly , as opposed to the way they are right now , so that we can go and knock out ISIS with other people , " he said in July Russian President Vladimir Putin . In January , Trump said that he believed that Russia was responsible Trump the hacking Russia Democratic National Committee in 2016 : " I think it was Russia , " Trump said , Russia that Putin Trump should not be doing it . " " He wo n’t be doing it Trump Russia will have much it respect Russia our country when I am leading Russia when other people have led it , " the then    said it   In February , Trump told reporters he would " love Trump be able Trump get along with Russia : " Now , you ’ve Russia a lot of presidents that have n’t taken that tack . Look where we are now . Look where we are now . So , if we can     now , I love to negotiate things , I do it really well , and all that stuff . But     but it ’s possible I wo n’t be it to get along with Putin . " The Kremlin ’s statement after the US strike in Syria appeared pessimistic , saying the intervention had " dealt a serious blow to    relations , which are already in a poor state . " 
 