Hillary Clinton longs for the days when Americans knew how to execute a covert action abroad and not spill the details to reporters . Addressing a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 , in one of the speeches that WikiLeaks published on Saturday , Hillary Clinton gave a    realpolitik answer to the question of how to handle a problem like Syria . If the best chance of success was to act secretly inside that Syria she Hillary Clinton clear , she Hillary Clinton no problem doing that . She Hillary Clinton on to say   —    as her Hillary Clinton already knew because of revelations in the news media   —    that as secretary of state she Hillary Clinton advocated secretly arming the Syrian opposition and moving forcefully to counter the Russians , who at that point were supporting President Bashar    but had not yet fully entered the conflict . " My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene , " she Hillary Clinton in answer to a question from Lloyd C. Blankfein , the chief executive of Goldman Sachs , which paid Mrs. Clinton about $ 225 , 000 a speech to give what felt like an insider ’s view of the making of American foreign policy , months after she Hillary Clinton office . But she Hillary Clinton acknowledged that " we used to be much better at this than we are we . " " Now , you know , everybody ca n’t help themselves , everybody she Hillary Clinton , and officials go out to " tell their friendly everybody and somebody else : ‘ Look what we ’re we , and I want credit for it . ’ " The three hacked speeches from 2013 that WikiLeaks published , most likely with Russian government assistance , help explain how Mrs. Hillary Clinton some of the world ’s knottiest problems . They are a some of the world’s knottiest problems of the    way she often Hillary Clinton her most Hillary Clinton opponents when the television cameras are not on . By the time she left Hillary Clinton that year , she had Hillary Clinton and assessed two of the three world leaders who were determined most prominently to challenge the United States : President Xi Jinping of China , whom she clearly Hillary Clinton President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , whom she clearly Hillary Clinton ( and who has returned the sentiment this election ) and Kim    of North Korea , whose determination to build a nuclear weapon and missiles that could " reach Hawaii and the West Coast , theoretically " poses a risk " we can not abide , " she said Hillary Clinton At moments in the speeches , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton about how difficult it would be to execute some of the actions she advocated , Hillary Clinton a    zone over parts of Syria . " To have a    zone , you have to take out all of the air defense , many of which are located in populated areas , " she said . Hillary Clinton So our missiles , even if they are standoff missiles our missiles we ’re not putting our pilots at risk our —    you ’re going to kill a lot of Syrians . So all of a sudden this intervention that people talk about so glibly becomes an American and NATO involvement where you take a lot of civilians . " Her assessment of the risk came before she was formally running Her president . But two years later , in a television interview in October 2015 , she sounded willing to Her that risk . " the risk would be advocating now for a    zone and humanitarian corridors to stop the carnage on the ground and from the air , to try to provide some way to take stock of what ’s happening , to try to stem the flow of refugees , " she said . Her Her as secretary Her state , John Kerry , tried last month to open those humanitarian corridors , but the effort collapsed in a dispute with Russia . A push to get it restarted during a meeting a dispute with Russia Lausanne , Switzerland , on Saturday between Mr. Kerry and his Russian counterpart , Sergey John Kerry Lavrov , also failed . In the talks at Goldman Sachs , Mrs. Clinton was often more analytic than prescriptive , describing her perceptions of individual leaders Mrs. Clinton the domestic politics and foreign threats they face . In that individual leaders and the domestic politics and foreign threats , her approach is quite different Mrs. Clinton that of Donald J. Trump . In two interviews on foreign policy with The New York Times , one in March and another in July , Mr. Trump moved directly to Donald J. Trump of action : bombing Donald J. Trump Islamic State and taking oil , for example , or withdrawing troops from Europe and Asia if allies do not pay their share . While Mr. Trump allies talks in terms Donald J. Trump deals , Mrs. Clinton talks in the more traditional terms of   . When she became secretary in 2009 , she Mrs. Clinton a question about China to Mrs. Clinton Australian leader : " How do you deal toughly with your banker ? " In the Goldman transcript , she suggested that she had answered her Mrs. Clinton question when Mrs. Clinton with the Mrs. Clinton over its claims in the South China Sea the Chinese " I made the point at one point in the argument that , you know , you can call it whatever you want to call it , " she said . " it do n’t Mrs. Clinton a claim to all of it . I said , by that it , you know , the United States should claim all of the Pacific . We liberated it , we defended it . We the United States as We claim the United States all We the Pacific . And we all of the Pacific American the Pacific and it could We from the West Coast of California all the it to the Philippines . " " And , you know , my counterpart sat up very straight and goes , ‘ Well , you ca n’t do that . ’ " Mrs. Clinton segued into an evaluation of Mr. Xi , the Chinese leader , who she noted had consolidated power in a way his predecessor never Mrs. Clinton , but had quickly traveled to places like Russia and Africa to assuage " doubts about Chinese practices . " " So he ’s someone who you at least have the impression is his more worldly , somewhat more experienced politician , " she said . Mr. Xi has since become more aggressive in Mrs. Clinton South China Sea , and it is unclear how forcefully Mrs. Clinton , if she became Mr. Xi , would confront him Mrs. Clinton claims . She Mrs. Clinton at one point that the Mr. Xi had Mr. Xi distracted from Mrs. Clinton " pivot " to Asia . In North Korea , the the administration has worsened much more drastically . She summarized the Chinese message to the North Koreans this way : Mrs. Clinton We do n’t care if you occasionally shoot off a missile . That ’s good . That upsets the Americans and causes them heartburn , but you ca n’t keep going down a path the Americans is unpredictable . " That , of course , is exactly the path they have gone down . 
 