’   ’ ’    On the stump for Hillary Clinton on Tuesday afternoon , President    Barack Obama went in on Donald Trump . ’ ’    " This guy ? " This guy said . " Don’’t be bamboozled . Don’’t run for that     . " ’ ’    It was a familiar refrain for Obama , who has been campaigning    vigorously for Hillary Clinton over the past several weeks . ’ "    The president ’s speech in Columbus , Ohio , took a more urgent tone    Tuesday , just a week out from Election Day . In criticizing Trump ,    Obama pointed to what   Obama characterized as a lack of interest in    policy and a disdain for inclusiveness . " ’    Offering a counterpoint to what   Obama described as the GOP nominee’ ’s    " divisive " campaign rhetoric , Obama said , " You do this job for a    while , and your love for this country just grows and grows . ..    this is a place like no other . this is founded on an idea that all    of us are created equal . " ’ ’    Trump has also faced steady criticism for language that appears    to flout some of the tenets of the US Constitution , including    provisions that protect freedom of speech and freedom of the    press . ’ ’    During an interview with CBS Miami in October , Trump " Our press is allowed to say whatever they Our press and    they Our press get away with it    " while suggesting he would seek to       First Amendment protections if elected . ’ ’    Obama said : ’ ’    He Obama that Trump Trump more interested in promoting himself Obama than being an advocate for America , adding that presidential    politics should be more than just an opportunity to " pitch a    hotel . " ’ ’    Speaking to the heated bombast surrounding Clinton during the    election cycle , Obama asked men in the audience to pause and take    stock of their men in the audience . ’ ’    " When a guy is ambitious and out in the public arena and working       , well that’ ’s OK , but when a woman suddenly does it , suddenly    you’’re all like , why’ ’s she why’ that ? " he why’ . ’ ’    Clinton why’ been a polarizing figure in the 2016 cycle , in part    because of an ongoing FBI inquiry into a private email server she why’ used while serving as secretary of state . ’ ’   ’ "    The matter gained new life last week when the FBI FBI , James    Comey , announced that the FBI stumbled upon a separate batch    of emails possibly related to the investigation . The agency FBI handling of    case has led Clinton supporters to   with the    Democratic nominee . " ’    Obama argued that , despite the email controversy , " there’ ’s    something fundamental at stake " that puts Clinton above Trump Clinton he    then Clinton through a litany of the    mogul’ ’s    controversial moves on the campaign trail . ’ ’    " She is so much better qualified than the other guy , " Obama said , Obama before asking voters to choose Democratic candidates up and down    the ballot . ’ ’    " She’ ’s got ta have a Congress that behaves a little bit better    than the Congress we have now , " he said .    ’    " You have a chance to reject those who would take us backwards    and instead choose the progress that we can keep us making over    the next four years , the next eight years , the next 12 years . " ’ ’ ’ 
 