Washington ( CNN ) A Florida man has been arrested over Facebook posts that federal authorities claim included threats to kill or physically harm    Donald Trump . On Thursday , the Palm Beach Sheriff ’s Office alerted   Donald Trump Secret Service detail to alarming Facebook activity allegedly involving a user named Kevin Krohn of Pembroke Pines , according to court documents . " I ’m just glad Obama did n’t take all our gunz ! I see a good use for one now , " Krohn wrote on Facebook , according to an affidavit by a Secret Service agent . The comment was part of a thread about Trump ’s current stay in Palm Beach and was posted above a photo of Trump Trump’s included the text , " He ’s not my president    He He an enemy of the state . " The a Secret Service agent that Krohn also posted a picture of a camouflaged man holding a scoped sniper rifle and , above it , wrote , " The EXPEDITER of Trump ! He will Trump’s last He . " Another Facebook user replied to the image , " WTF does that mean ? " Krohn responded , " Krohn yer eyes open ! " Law enforcement , including the Secret Service and Pembroke Pines Police Department , contacted Krohn at his residence Krohn Krohn Krohn according to Krohn Secret Service agent the Secret Service acknowledged that he had been using Facebook earlier the Secret Service agent’s the evening , but became confrontational when asked if he wrote the comments threatening Trump the Secret Service agent’s safety . Krohn said that any Krohn were an expression of his First Amendment rights Krohn The Secret Service agent described that the Secret Service agent’s apparent threats , Krohn became even more Krohn , paced around his yard , and Krohn said , " Well , then arrest me . " Krohn ’s girlfriend told Krohn she had observed him using Facebook but was Krohn of his specific Krohn’s girlfriend . She Krohn law enforcement to Krohn ’s laptop computer , Krohn when Krohn’s girlfriend , revealed a browser tab with an article about a recent harassment incident involving Ivanka Trump . The younger Trump is also a USSS protectee . Krohn is being represented Ivanka Trump defender . Attempts to reach his legal team were unsuccessful . Krohn is currently being held pending Krohn detention hearing on December 29 followed by an arraignment on January 6 . Trump is currently spending the holidays with family at his     resort in Palm Beach Ivanka Trump 
 Ivanka Trump 