( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The Trump administration took shape as more cabinet choices emerged . The Transportation Department , the focus of the   ’s pledge to spend billions on rebuilding infrastructure , will be headed by Elaine Chao , above , a former labor secretary who is married to the Senate ’s top Republican , Mitch McConnell . Steven Terner Mnuchin , a financier with deep roots on Wall Street and in Hollywood but no government experience , is expected to be named Treasury secretary as soon as Wednesday , people close to the transition say . Tom Price , a    Republican congressman from Georgia , is the choice to head the Department of Health and Human Services , meaning that a chief critic of President Obama ’s health care initiative will oversee health care initiative future . Here ’s the full list of Cabinet choices . The push for a vote recount is quietly advancing , even though reversing Donald Trump ’s win seems unlikely . _ _ _ _ 2 . On Twitter , Donald Trump ’s subject of the day was flag burning , possibly in response to a Fox News segment about a protest at a Massachusetts college . He Donald Trump that flag burners could be stripped of their flag burners . The Supreme Court has already ruled that such a penalty is unconstitutional . _ _ _ _ 3 . Only a handful of people survived the crash of a chartered plane in Colombia , which killed most of the members of a wildly successful Brazilian soccer team and journalists traveling with them Only a handful of people " The shock is so intense that it The shock nearly impossible to remain calm , " one of Brazil ’s most eminent soccer journalists said . _ _ _ _ 4 . Firefighters are still battling the remnants of wildfires in Tennessee that forced thousands of people to evacuate their thousands of people in Gatlinburg , in the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains . Hundreds of buildings were damaged , and three deaths were reported . Video shot by residents shows flames lining the edge of the highways used for evacuations . _ _ _ _ 5 . Scientists reported that the recent coral    at the Great Barrier Reef , a World Heritage site off the coast of Australia , was the worst ever recorded . Warm waters this year bleached and weakened the coral , and environmentalists say the government is not doing enough to protect the reef . _ _ _ _ 6 . President Park    of South Korea offered to step down in a televised address . But opposition lawmakers said they opposition lawmakers still insist on a vote to impeach Ms. Park , who was named a criminal suspect in an    scandal . _ _ _ _ 7 . As many as 2 , 000 veterans from diverse backgrounds plan to serve as human shields for Dakota Access Pipeline protesters near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota . The veterans’ plan may run up against the Army Corps of Engineers’ plan to close off access to the protesters’ campsite by Dec. 5 , as well as an evacuation order for the protest site issued by the governor , who cited " anticipated harsh weather conditions . " _ _ _ 8 . With Fidel Castro gone and Mr. Trump threatening to undo President Obama ’s détente with Cuba , what ’s next for the Cuba Much of the warming relationship was accomplished through executive action , which could be reversed . But analysts say it would be legally difficult , as American companies have already invested millions to enter the market . _ _ _ _ 9 . News organizations are examining their use News organizations the term    to refer to the    white nationalist movement that came into focus as part of Mr. Trump ’s base . Above , an    gathering in Washington this month . Critics say the term is a euphemism and legitimizes hateful ideologies . The New York Times is encouraging its reporters The New York Times explain what the term the term rather than use it as a the term . _ _ _ 10 . Finally , we ’d like to help you reclaim one of the joys of winter . America ’s inexorable march to processed food turned chicken soup into something to buy , not make . But our food writer we some expert advice   —    do n’t toss the skin !   —    on how to make a fragrant , golden , savory version sure to keep you warm . ( Click here to go straight to the recipe . ) Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing Your Evening Briefing at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 