’’ ’We’ve learned a lot about the state of United States politics in the last 24 hours . Among the biggest revelations is that the Republican Party ’s elite and establishment figures seem to have flipped the Republican Party’s elite and establishment figures strategy for stopping Donald Trump on its head.’ ’The old one was " . " Remember that ? The lawmakers , donors , lobbyists , lawyers , and other party    were not too worried about Donald Trump ’s long run at the top of the GOP polls.’ ’Lack of early money and support and the results of early primaries would shrink ( winnow ) the big field of participants , in this theory . The significant    vote would coalesce around one or two remaining    figures.’ ’Stuck under a ceiling of about 35 percent of Republican voters   —    his    support   —    Trump would lose as Jeb Bush or Chris Christie zoomed past.’ ’Time for some traffic problems in the establishment lane ! Contrary to lots of predictions , our own included , winnowing has n’t worked.’ ’It did n’t happen fast enough , for one thing . Trump Trump    his Trump to a delegate lead that puts him Trump track to win the nomination at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland . Jeb Bush stayed in too long.’ ’Sen . Marco Rubio ( R ) of Florida and Sen. Ted Cruz ( R ) of Texas are about equal in strength , and Gov. John Kasich ( R ) of Ohio is drawing off just enough voters to ensure nobody else gets close to Trump ’s taillights.’ ’’ ’Winnowing also did not reallocate voters cleanly . Mr. Bush voters did n’t all swing to Senator Rubio , say . They Mr. Bush voters themselves Mr. Bush voters the remaining candidates . A few went to Trump.’ ’Now it looks like only a true     race would produce a winnowed    majority.’ ’That ’s not happening , either . It ’That too late . So now Republican elders are all in for the opposite : Everybody keeps running . They Republican elders going to block Trump from amassing the 1 , 237 delegates needed to win the party crown.’ ’In this scenario , Governor Kasich wins his Governor Kasich state of Ohio and makes inroads in Michigan and other northern states . Rubio wins his Rubio state of Florida . Cruz draws off evangelical voters where he Cruz ’"The strategy has to be to split the delegates among different candidates , " writes Georgetown political scientist   in the Mischiefs of Faction political science blog.’ ’As Mr. Noel notes , Mitt Romney made this explicit in his Mitt Romney   speech on Thursday.’ ’"Given the current delegate selection process , that means that I ’d vote for Marco Rubio in Florida and for John Kasich in Ohio and for Ted Cruz or whichever one of the other two contenders has the best chance of beating Mr. Trump in a given state , " said Mr. Romney in his Mr. Trump of Utah address.’ ’Think about that . Romney Mr. Trump not telling GOP voters to rally around a    champion . He Mr. Trump telling them GOP voters game the voting system ( legally ! ) to block Trump Mr. Trump ensure nobody wins outright during the primary and caucus season.’ ’’ ’So that ’s the plan : a   beginning on July 18.’ ’If that happens it the plan be quite a show . Delegates from most states are bound to vote for the candidate who won them Delegates from most states the primaries or caucuses for only one round . After that , it would be the Ultimate Fighting Championship for people in patriotic hats.’ ’Maybe it it . Rubio   —    or Romney himself   —    emerges as a consensus pick after dozens of exhausting rounds of voting.’ ’But it is also possible the uproar could split Republicans , producing a    candidacy for the general election . After all , if Trump leads entering the convention , his Trump would feel the nomination had been stolen by just the kind of establishment " losers " he Trump ’"The Republican leadership is [ expletive ] insane if it Republican leadership a brokered convention and Mitt Romney should shut the [ expletive ] up , " writes conservative commentator and Trump Trump   at The Resurgent.’ ’We’ve learned a lot about the state of . .. ’ 
 