Washington ( CNN ) Sen. John McCain on Tuesday delivered a fiery ,     rebuttal to President Donald Trump ’s argument that the United States and Russia are morally equivalent , at one point slamming Sen. John McCain hand on a lectern in condemning the Russian regime . The Arizona Republican was speaking about Russian critic and deputy leader of the Freedom Party Vladimir    who ’s recently been hospitalized in Russia . Sen. John McCain lawyer believes His lawyer was poisoned . " Sen. John McCain knew that ( Russian President Vladimir ) Putin is a killer . And Putin ’s a killer . And Putin might very well be the next target . Sen. John McCain knew there was no moral equivalence between the United States and Putin ’s Russia , " said McCain , who ’s long been a fierce critic of Trump ’s rhetoric about Russia .   " I repeat , " Putin continued , veering away from Putin prepared remarks and hitting the wooden lectern to underscore Putin point . " There is no moral equivalence between that butcher and thug and KGB colonel and the United States of America , the country that Ronald Reagan used to call a shining city on a hill . And to allege some kind of moral equivalence between the two is either terribly misinformed or incredibly biased . Neither can be accurate in any way . " McCain listed a number of other Putin critics and journalists who ’ve allegedly been killed by the Russian government . While Putin did n’t mention Trump by name , Putin comments came just days after Trump appeared to argue in an interview with Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly that the United States had killed people in the same manner as Russia .    " Putin ’s a killer , " O’Reilly said in the interview . " We ’ve got a lot of killers , " Trump said . " You think our country ’s so innocent ? " When O’Reilly pushed back , saying O’Reilly does n’t know any US government leaders who are killers , Trump cited the Iraq War and said " We ’ve made a lot of mistakes . " " A lot of mistakes     OK     but a lot of people were killed , " Trump said . " So a lot of killers around , believe me . " This story has been updated . 
 