Melbourne , Florida ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , after a month of arduous and , at times , turbulent governing , got what President Donald Trump came for Saturday during a dusk rally here :    adulation . Trump , who just months ago finished campaigning for the office President Donald Trump now holds , was both selling what President Donald Trump administration has done in his administration first 30 days and trying to change the subject after a chaotic month . President Donald Trump was forced to fire his President Donald Trump security adviser , struggled to roll out his President Donald Trump ban and strained to explain a growing story about how members of his President Donald Trump campaign made repeated contact with Russian individuals known to US intelligence . Trump , clearly ready for some relief from the confines of Washington and the limitations of the house he President Donald Trump to occupy , reverted back to his President Donald Trump habits , basking in what energized him President Donald Trump months during the slog of his President Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton . At one point , Trump invited Gene Huber     a supporter who said he President Donald Trump at the venue at 4 a. m. ET to be the first in line for the event     up to the stage . The President Donald Trump briefly stopped by the Secret Service before the President urged agents to let him come President Donald Trump and address the audience . " I would n’t say Secret Service the Secret Service with that . .. but we know our people , we Trump said . The moment evoked some of the unscripted flashes that defined Trump ’s 2016 Trump . " I am here because I want to be among my friends and among the people , " Trump said to Trump his rally . Trump This was a great movement , a movement like has never been seen before in our country or before anywhere else , this was a This great movement and I want to be here with you and I will always be with you . " you , as Trump did often Trump the campaign , turned his fire on Trump media during the packed event     estimated to number 9 , 000 , according to Melbourne police     slammed international trade deals made by his predecessors and Trump to bring back the jobs to the United States . The President said Trump would release Trump new immigration order " over the next couple of days " that aimed to curb the flow of refugees . Slamming the judges who decided the order was unconstitutional a new immigration order " even read the US code that he believes gives him Trump authority to Trump the executive order . " a new immigration order " a college education you can understand it . If you have a high you have a college education education , you can understand it . If you were a bad you have a high school education in high school , you can understand it , " he said . But you were a bad student in high school ’s rally a bad student in high school different : Trump pulled up in Air Force One Trump not his private plane , stepping off the Trump with first lady Melania Trump as his crowd Trump blared the theme song Trump the 1997 Harrison Ford movie " Air Force One . " " When the media lies to the people , I will never let them get away with it . I will do whatever the people can so they the media n’t get away with it . They have the people own agenda and their agenda the media not the people agenda the people " Trump said their own agenda As he bellowed , event attendees turned to the pen where the Trump stood and booed . Trump previewed these attacks in the days leading up to his Trump , tweeting Friday that a list of outlets were Trump the enemy of the American People ! " Trump also looked to rebut reports of a chaotic White House Trump telling supporters , " the White House is running so smoothly , so smoothly . a chaotic White House unclear Saturday was what exactly Trump was campaigning for . The event was being run by Trump ’s 2016 campaign , his event Trump for President Inc. Trump taking the stage , Trump was asked if it was too early to do another Trump event . His response : " Life is a campaign . " " Trump our country great again is a campaign , " Trump added . " For America it ’s a campaign Trump To make America great Trump is Trump a campaign . " On Friday , White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump was headlining the event as a way to go around Trump media . " People in this circle do n’t always do the best job delivering his message ( because ) nobody does it better than he does , " Sanders White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders about the media . " So he can do White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders very easily by White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders the stage the media directly to the White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders of America , addressing their concerns and being able to properly express exactly what he ’s doing and what his the people of America has done over the last month , " White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on Air Force White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders as the plane headed south to Florida . Trump White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders presidential campaign was defined by raucous events where he would deliver    stemwinders , responding directly to the chants of the crowd and seemingly Trump into the energy that his supporters were throwing his way . Former campaign aides said before the that they were Trump surprised Trump was Trump back on the road so early in his first Former campaign aides , in part Trump it was what fueled him for months on the Trump trail . Michael Caputo , a former senior adviser to Trump ’s campaign , said he expects this Caputo " " Trump grew very familiar with the rally concept and I expect him to return to where he Trump comfortable when he needs to recharge , " Caputo said Trump " The fact that Trump showed us a Trump way of winning should have given everyone a hint that he would Trump everyone a new way of governing . " 
 Trump 