’’ " It ’s fair to say Donald Trump and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos are n’t on the best terms . " ’Trump has often attacked Bezos for using Bezos Washington Post ownership to keep taxes low on Amazon and keep Bezos free of antitrust allegations . Bezos famously said , " . " ’ ’Bezos , meanwhile , called out Donald Trump for Bezos accusations of mainstream media bias , saying he’ ’s " " and suggesting Donald Trump take a trip to space instead.’ ’Now that Donald Trump will become the next US president , Bezos and the companies Bezos owns   —    Amazon and The Washington Post specifically   —    may have to brace themselves.’ " These are the areas that could face increased scrutiny under Donald Trump presidency : " " Trump Donald Trump to believe that Bezos’ ownership of The The Washington Post —    owned by Bezos himself , not Amazon   —    is somehow helping Amazon keep its Amazon low Amazon " ’He once called Amazon a " Amazon tax shelter " and suggested Bezos is using The Post’ ’s unprofitable business as a means for tax deduction on Amazon . He Amazon said ’He is getting Amazon with " murder " because Bezos is using Bezos Washington Post’ ’s influence to keep politicians away from taxing the company properly.’ " It ’s unclear Amazon actions Trump would take to prove his case , Trump it ’s not Amazon to see him threatening to Trump more pressure on Bezos and Amazon Bezos asking the IRS to increase its scrutiny . the IRS ’Bezos " bought this paper for practically nothing , and he’ ’s using that as a tool for political power , against me and against other people , and I’’ll tell you what , we can’’t let him get away with it , " can’’t said in an interview with Fox News in May.’ ’Amazon paid $ 273 million in income taxes in 2015 . The company historically Trump very little profit and only about $ 14 billion in cash , a small amount compared with other companies of its size.’ ’On the Trump hand , if anything ,   could help Amazon . Trump plans to lower Trump business tax rate from 35 % to 15 % and cut the tax rate on income held overseas from 35 % to 10%.’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tThe   loses    money ( a deduction ) and gives owner   power to screw public on low taxation of ! Big tax shelter’t’t’ ’Trump once claimed Bezos has a " huge antitrust problem . " ’ ’"What he’ ’s got is a monopoly , and he wants to make ’"What he’ I don’’t get in , " .’ " It ’s true that Amazon controls a big chunk of the online retail and cloud computing market , but making a case for antitrust could prove difficult for Trump . " ’Antitrust laws clearly state that their   from unfair ’Antitrust laws hikes because of the lack of competition . But Amazon is all about Amazon low prices and putting customers first in its business . Amazon Amazon owns a Amazon % share of total US retail and a 20 % share in     —    hardly anywhere near a monopoly.’ " Amazon Amazon the future Amazon but its history suggests that ’s unlikely . Amazon continuously offers discounts and big sales Amazon , while its cloud service , Amazon Web Services Amazon is the driving force of an industrywide price war , . " ’’ " Perhaps Trump ’s biggest concern seems to be Bezos’ ownership of The Washington Post . He seems to believe Bezos exerted influence Trump the paper ’s editorial voice   of winning the presidency . In the    to the election , The Post broke a number of . The Washington Post has repeatedly disputed this claim and said he is not involved in the editorial process ’Bezos He has also criticized Trump for .’ ’"An ’Bezos thing for a presidential candidate to do is say , ’’ I am running for the highest office in the world , please scrutinize me , ’’ Bezos said in October . " That’ ’s not what we’’ve seen . To try and chill the media and threaten retribution and retaliation , which is what he’ ’s done in a number of cases , it just isn’’t appropriate , " Bezos said.’ " We do n’t know what Trump would do to The Washington Post , Trump for .’ the publication has a long history as a political watchdog , so this is an area to watch . " " Amazon ’s stock is down 2 . 6 % as of Wednesday afternoon , but it appears most investors believe Amazon wo n’t Amazon much affected by Trump Amazon largely because it ’s still growing Trump for .’ with a lot Amazon    growth potential . " ’"The drivers of Amazon’ ’s business are broad   —    secular growth trends in online retail , cloud computing , and media distribution   —    that it wouldn’’t seem to me to be at risk unless the government specifically began to regulate those industries with impediments to growth , which seems unlikely , " Colin Sebastian , an analyst at Baird Equity Research , told Business Insider.’ ’Neil Doshi , an analyst at Mizuho , also said he remains bullish on Amazon because its market wouldn’’t is " far from displaying Amazon characteristics , " and growth remains strong.’ ’"We remain buyers of Amazon’ ’s stock given its growing market share of retail dollars shifting Amazon , strong flywheels around its core business , and continued strength and Amazon coming from its AWS cloud segment , " Doshi wrote.’ Amazon Amazon ’s representative was n’t immediately available for comment . " 
 