Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Jeff Sessions , in the middle of Sen. Jeff Sessions confirmation hearing to become    Donald Trump ’s attorney general , said Tuesday attorney general would respect laws allowing abortion despite attorney general deeply held personal belief that the courts are wrong on the issue . The Alabama Republican said specifically that The Alabama Republican would respect the Supreme Court ’s decision in Roe v. Wade , the 1973 decision that said the right to privacy gives women the right to an abortion . Sessions , who has consistently voted against abortion rights in the Senate and has a 0 % rating from several abortion rights groups , told senators overseeing his committee hearing that although his believed Roe v. Wade violated the Constitution , his would defend the Constitution . " It is the law of the land , it has been settled for some time , " Sessions said . " I will respect it and follow it . " Sessions said , however , that his believes the decision was a " colossal " mistake by the Supreme Court . RELATED : Sessions defends his against allegations of racism , Dawn Laguens , the executive director of Planned Parenthood , suggested in a statement that Sessions’ comments did n’t change her organization ’s opposition to his nomination . " his plays the critical role of the nation ’s chief law enforcement officer of the United States , and Sen. Sessions has failed to demonstrate that he will his to keep the country the United States protect the right to vote for all citizens , and protect health care providers , " Laguens said . " We urge the Judiciary Committee to question Sen. Sessions on this troubling history . " Trump agrees with Trump ’s personal beliefs on abortion and has said he plans to Trump justices who want to reverse Roe v. Wade . " I ’m   . The judges will be " Trump said in a    interview with CBS , arguing that if the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade , the decision to allow abortions would go to states . LIVE Trump confirmation hearings : Jeff Sessions’ first hearing 
 