Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s budget proposal includes a $ 1 . 3 billion cut to the US Coast Guard , congressional sources told CNN Tuesday . The cuts would be applied to an operating budget of about $ 9 billion , which hawks on the Hill were quick to slam as too deep a reduction to the military branch ’s funding . Two sources familiar with the administration ’s FY2018 budget request told CNN the plan is to boost the Department of Homeland Security ’s total budget by 6 % up to $ 43 . 8 billion . That increase would primarily go to border security and would be paid for with the Coast Guard cuts and reductions to other agencies . Rep. Duncan Hunter , a California Republican and one of Trump ’s earliest backers , said the Office of Management and Budget ’s planned cuts would " severely undermine national security . " " Such a drastic reduction in Coast Guard funding would not only diminish the Coast Guard ’s standing and mission , " Hunter wrote in a letter to Trump Thursday , the Office of Management and Budget’s planned cuts " would severely undermine US national security . "   " A cut to Coast Guard of $ 1 . 3 billion will effectively paralyze the service and create unnecessary risk and exposures to the homeland , " Hunter ’s Hunter staff , Joe Kasper , told CNN . " The OMB proposal is a joke , frankly , and it should be The OMB proposal that way by the President and Congress . " A different congressional source was skeptical such a proposal could even pass Congress , given Congress Coast Guard ’s important role in security . The Coast Guard the Coast Guard big role in drug and illegal migrant interdiction , issues Trump has pointed to as the rationale for why a border wall is needed .   A Coast Guard official told CNN the Coast Guard service interdicted 6 , 346 undocumented migrants and 201 metric tons of cocaine and 52 , 613 pounds of marijuana in 2016 .   The Coast Guard ’s annual seizures the Coast Guard to more than three times the quantity of cocaine seized at US borders and within the country combined , the source added . " As Trump builds the wall on the Southern Border , it ’s going to push more migrants and the source to the water     and the only entity there to stop all of it is the Coast Guard , " Kasper told CNN .   " To cut one to pay for the other makes no sense , " retired Coast Guard Cdr . Stephen Flynn told CNN the Coast Guard A congressional aide familiar with the CNN proposal told CNN that it sought a $ 43 million cut CNN the the OMB proposal Maritime Safety and Security Teams " which among other duties , conduct the boarding of vessels during law enforcement actions such as drug interdictions .   The draft also proposed the cancellation of the acquisition it sought a $43 million cut to the "Maritime Safety and Security Teams" which among other duties, conduct the boarding of vessels during law enforcement actions such as drug interdictions the Coast Guard ’s ninth National Security Cutter . The commandant of the Coast Guard , Adm. Paul Zunkuft , tweeted Saturday the Coast Guard    armed cutter class ship . " When provided the proper tools USCG members exceed expectations . One of those tools is the National Security Cutter . " Zunkuft has been the proper tools USCG members exceed expectations the ninth National Security Cutter lack of funding when compared to the the Coast Guard’s ’ve always prided ourselves as punching above our weight class , " he told an audience at a naval conference in San Diego while We last month alongside We heads of the Navy and Marine Corps .   The proposed cuts come as the Coast Guard is increasingly seen as playing an important security role with regard to US interests in the Arctic and Western Hemisphere . Russia has been rapidly ramping up its military presence in the Arctic , building new installations and holding    exercises , and the Coast Guard is charged Russia ensuring US access Arctic region via its operation of America ’s only icebreakers . the Coast Guard has 40 icebreakers , I ’ve got two , " Zunkuft told the Russia last month .   The Coast Guard commandant has Russia Moscow of " " by conducting unannounced military drills involving thousands of troops in the Arctic arena . the Coast Guard Coast Guard conducts operations to help secure     when President Trump is in residence , helping to safeguard the nearby waters .    the Coast Guard proposed cuts , the Coast Guard declined to comment . " The Coast Guard is engaged in discussions with DHS and OMB as part of the normal process to the Coast Guard ’s budget request to Congress . As the Coast Guard    we do not comment on these deliberations , " Lisa Novak , a spokesperson for the Coast Guard , told CNN in a statement .   An Office of Management and Budget spokesman said any numbers were " premature . " " The budget blueprint the Coast Guard in   . It would be premature for us to comment     or anyone to report     on the specifics of this internal discussion before its publication , " John Czwartacki said . " The President The budget blueprint his Cabinet are working collaboratively as we speak to create a budget that keeps the President ’s promises . " 
 The budget blueprint John Czwartacki 