Washington ( CNN ) Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein denies Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein threatened to quit Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein post amid the firing of FBI Director James Comey and does not plan to resign . After a meeting with Senate intelligence committee leaders on Capitol Hill Thursday , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein was asked by a Sinclair Broadcast Group reporter whether Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein threatened to quit . " No , " Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said , adding Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is " not quitting . " Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein was involved in the firing of FBI Director James Comey earlier this week of Comey FBI Director James Comey having met with President Donald Trump and writing a memo on Comey FBI Director James Comey as FBI director . Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr told reporters Comey FBI Director James Comey FBI Director James Comey up in the meeting .   Burr said after Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr meeting that the meeting not his call on Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr Rosenstein should be removed from overseeing the Russia investigation because of the Comey fiasco . FBI Director James Comey " We do n’t have the luxury of choosing who we work with , We Burr said after Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr meeting .   their he believed Trump Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr he claimed that Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr told him FBI Director James Comey times Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr he was not Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr subject of an FBI investigation , Burr said , Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr We ca n’t comment on that . That ’s a conversation that supposedly happened between Director Comey and the President . " Burr ,    Carolina , and vice chairman Mark Warner ,    both left a hearing with acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe for FBI meeting . Dana Boente , the acting director of DOJ ’s national security division , was also present . Rosenstein has also expressed frustration at how the White House handled the Comey dismissal , and using his reputation as cover for Rosenstein it was done , sources familiar with the matter tell CNN . Vice President Mike Pence and deputy White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Wednesday repeatedly cited Rosenstein ’s memo on Comey Rosenstein FBI director ’s Comey , leveraging his reputation and bipartisan Senate confirmation Comey . This story has been updated . 
 