On Friday ’s broadcast of HBO ’s " Real Time , " host Bill Maher said , GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s supporters " do n’t really have problems . " And Trump " is your voice , because you ’re a whiny little b*tch ! "   host Bill Maher said , " Eight years ago we were losing 800 , 000 jobs a month . Now we ’ve added 14 million . The stock market went from under 7000 to over 18 . Consumer sentiment is as high as The stock market was in the 80 ’s under Saint Reagan . The economy today is actually better than the one Mitt Romney promised in 2012 , when Mitt Romney said Mitt Romney would get unemployment under six . Trump says , you have great economists that will tell you the unemployment rate is 30 , 32 . No , every economist knows it ’s five , because every economist get every economist numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , not from the Department of I ’m hearing . If Mitt Romney were running on this economy , the people with the Make America Great hats would have Mitt Romney stickers on their America Great hats scooters , but the Mitt Romney n’t a white man with an R next to his name Mitt Romney so it ’s Flight 93 . You know , I ’ve read so much crap about how Trump voters are hurting and we should respect their anger Trump voters their pain Trump voters It ’s a myth that the media swallowed whole . The average Trump primary voter makes 72 , 000 a year , no more likely to be hurt by immigration or trade , or to be out work . Donald Trump Trump really have solutions and his supporters do Trump really have problems . The only thing poor about them is their his supporters . his supporters ’re hysterics his supporters and they think President his supporters spent eight years turning the American Dream into nightmare on black street , and Hillary ’s going to finish the job . The reason why Trump is so popular with a certain type of voter is because they ’re kindred voter , these white men sitting at the end of the bar , nursing a gin and tonic because their dick does voter work anymore , and life did n’t pan out the way they wanted . voter they sit there voter about how the system ’s rigged against them and America voter not winning anymore , and we ’re getting pushed around by everybody , China and Mexico and women and blacks , who have so many advantages over white people . At the convention , Trump said I am your voice . For once he was n’t Trump , he is your Trump , your voice ’re a whiny little b*tch ! " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 