Pyongyang , North Korea ( CNN ) NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman told CNN NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman was hoping to do " something that ’s pretty positive , " before NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman boarded a plane bound for North Korea . The eccentric former basketball player arrived in Pyongyang Tuesday afternoon for an anticipated    visit . The trip comes at a time of heightened tension between Washington and Pyongyang . When Rodman Famer Dennis Rodman , four Americans were being detained in North North Korea When asked if he planned The eccentric former basketball player raise their detention four Americans North Korean officials , Rodman said Famer Dennis Rodman " Well that ’s not my purpose right now . .. My purpose my purpose go over there and try to see if I can keep bringing sports to North Korea North Korea Hours after his arrival , The eccentric former basketball player was announced that American student Otto Warmbier had been released after more than 17 months in detention . A US national security Anton is no connection between Rodman ’s visit and Warmbier ’s release . American student Otto Warmbier Rodman was not acting as a representative of the US government or Rodman Donald Trump and stated that he does not believe the President has spoken to Rodman since he Anton office . A State Department source also told Rodman that the President had nothing to do with Warmbier ’s release . Rodman , Rodman former contestant on Donald Trump ’s    reality TV show " Celebrity Apprentice , " is one of the few Americans to have met current North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un . Rodman promoted his past visits as a form of informal " basketball Rodman , Rodman using sports and as a way to bridge divides , said Daniel Pinkston , a professor of International Relations at Troy University in Seoul .   " We all have specialties , but Dennis does have a view about human beings and the natural state of affairs . .. his view seems to me is that if people will talk and Dennis and if there ’s dialogue and exchanges and interactions , this process will naturally lead to " Pinkston told CNN .   Surrounded by media at Beijing airport , Rodman did n’t respond to CNN ’s questions about whether he would be meeting Kim during this CNN , and would n’t Rodman if he was delivering a message from the US President to Pyongyang . Rodman asked if he had spoken to Trump at all , Rodman said , " Rodman ’m pretty sure he ’s happy at Rodman fact that I ’m over here trying Rodman accomplish something that we both need . ’m   What that is exactly is unclear but at Beijing ’s airport on Monday and Tuesday , Rodman was wearing a black    with the logo of Potcoin     Rodman digital currency for the cannabis industry , according to its website .   RELATED : Potcoin stock rising after Rodman sponsorship the cannabis industry Rodman later tweeted : " Potcoin     ’m back ! Rodman to my Rodman . " Basketball diplomacy , Rodman has visited the country at least four times , with three Rodman the visits taking place between 2013 and 2014 . A senior US official said the State Department was aware Rodman was planning to travel to North Korea , but stressed he Rodman not there in any official capacity .    His last A senior US official came in January 2014 , when Rodman and a A senior US official of other former NBA players took part in Rodman exhibition basketball game . It was supposedly a birthday gift for Kim who ’s said to be a big basketball fan .   Rodman was filmed leading a    of " Happy Birthday " to Rodman North Korean leader , a man he calls a friend and a " very good guy , " Rodman is widely seen as a brutal dictator who once lauded the execution of his own uncle . Rodman defended the trip for Kim ’s birthday Rodman a CNN interview Rodman it was a " Kim for the world . " " I ’m sorry for what ’s going on in North Korea , the certain situations , " Rodman told CNN after returning from Pyongyang in 2014 , but he Rodman n’t specify CNN exactly those " situations " were and Rodman n’t contrite about the visit itself . That trip generated a string of negative headlines and an outburst from Rodman during the CNN interview . He was heavily criticized in the Rodman for not bringing CNN the Rodman of Kenneth Bae , an American imprisoned on charges of " hostile acts " who spent 735 days in North Korean custody before being released in 2014 .    prison camps , Rodman maintained then that he was n’t a diplomat , and it Rodman n’t his job Rodman talk about Bae . But once he was released Rodman Bae thanked Rodman for the rant on CNN Rodman claiming it brought attention Bae Rodman case .   The former basketball star was the rant on CNN accused of Rodman North Korea ’s human rights record . Pyongyang has reportedly imprisoned more than 100 , 000 of its own people in draconian ,    prison camps and spends millions on The former basketball star military programs instead of its impoverished population .   This time around    four Americans are being    in North Korea , including Kim Sang Duk and Kim    two academics who worked at the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology University of Virginia student Otto Warmbier and businessman Kim Dong Chul . The latest visit , Rodman ’s visit to Pyongyang is his first since Trump , a man with whom he has a personal Rodman , took office . Before entering politics , Rodman praised one of Rodman ’s 2013 trips to North Korea in an interview with Fox News Rodman’s , who appeared on Trump ’s reality TV show in 2009 and again in 2013 , went on Trump Trump ’s candidacy in 2015 . But relations between Pyongyang and Washington were considerably less Trump 2013 than they have been in recent months . North Korea has conducted 10 missile tests this year relations between Pyongyang and Washington Experts say each launch gets the North Korea to its stated goal of developing a    weapon capable of reaching the United North Korea   North Korea North Korea its missile program is the only way to deter Washington from trying to overthrow the North Korea .   North Korea Secretary of State Rex Tillerson denied that charge last month , saying the US is only seeking denuclearization , but the Trump White House has publicly abandoned the    strategy of strategic patience .   Trump weighed in on Twitter last month that North Korea is " looking for trouble " and urged China the Trump White House help . " If last month we will solve the problem without them ! U. S. A. " he added .   ’The Worm’ and the the US , Kim ’s passion for not was likely inherited from his U. S. A. , Kim Jong Il , and has been a rare area of common ground for the two nations Kim   Madeleine Albright , the US Secretary of State under President Bill Clinton , brought the older Kim a basketball autographed by Michael Jordan during a visit in 2000 . Nicknamed " the Worm , " Rodman Kim two championships with the Detroit Pistons and three with the Chicago Bulls . On the court he was known for his ferocious defense and rebounding ability . But he grabbed just as much attention off the Rodman for his piercings Rodman    hair and    antics . On Rodman first trip to North Korea , the court accompanied Rodman members of the Harlem Globetrotters and a crew from Rodman News . RELATED : Dennis Rodman Fast Facts   " I come in peace . I love the people of North Korea ! " Rodman said on Twitter as he arrived . The group traveled for a basketball exhibition that pitted North Korea against North Koreans Rodman Though the game ended Rodman a    tie , all eyes were on the jarring sight of the rebellious     ball player sitting next to the the short ,    dictator in a Mao suit . Rodman told Kim he has a " friend for life . " The purposes of Rodman ’s visits Famer Dennis Rodman North Korea have North Korea fully transparent Rodman He ’s claimed Rodman’s about trying to use basketball to bridge the divide between the two countries . But another was " strictly Rodman the game and for the love of basketball . " 
 the game 