Washington ( CNN ) Democratic senators hammered Betsy DeVos ,    Donald Trump ’s pick to lead the Education Department , during Tuesday ’s confirmation hearing , claiming she is not qualified to lead the nation ’s education system . There were also tense exchanges , like when Betsy DeVos agreed that Donald Trump described sexual assault in a leaked hot mic video from a 2005 entertainment show . In another surprising moment , a discussion of guns in schools turned on grizzly bears . As to policy , Betsy DeVos stood firm in Betsy DeVos long held beliefs that parents     not the government     should be able to choose where to send children to school , pledging to push voucher programs should Betsy DeVos be confirmed to lead the nation ’s education system . But the hearing largely hinged on Betsy DeVos qualifications for the job . When Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota asked Betsy DeVos whether Betsy DeVos believed growth or proficiency was a better way to judge group of students , the Michigan Republican stumbled to answer and asked for clarification . Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota pounced , suggesting that Betsy DeVos does not have the " breadth and depth of knowledge " to be education secretary . " It surprises me that you do n’t know this issue , " Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota said , later adding , bitingly , that actually Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota was " not that surprised . " Betsy DeVos has been a political heavyweight for decades , spending millions to advance conservative causes in Betsy DeVos home state of Michigan and across the country . Much of Betsy DeVos fortune had gone towards backing politicians and organizations that encourage voucher programs , allowing parents to send parents children to private schools and helping their children pay for it . " It ’s time to shift the debate from what the system thinks is best for kids to what moms and dads want , expect and deserve . Parents no longer believe that a      model of learning meets the needs of every child , " DeVos said , adding that DeVos will push for more access to charter , home and religious schools . DeVos said that DeVos would be a " a strong advocate for great public schools , " but would support " a parent ’s right to enroll great public schools child in a    alternative . " During a question and answer with Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia , DeVos declined to answer whether DeVos believed in applying the same standards to pubic , charter and private schools . " I support accountability , " DeVos said four times . When asked directly if DeVos was declined to answer the question , DeVos simply said : " I support accountability . " Sen. Elizabeth Warren ,    forced DeVos to admit that DeVos has never led an organization akin to the Education Department , and has never used any of the financial aid products DeVos will offer to students as head of it . " So you have no experience with college financial aid or management of higher education , " Warren said . DeVos was also pressed on civil rights laws dealing with students with disabilities , saying early in the hearing implementation should be left up to the states . Sen. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire circled back to DeVos near the end of the hearing , informing Sen. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire the law was a federal statute . " the law must be followed when federal dollars are in play , " DeVos said . " So were you unaware when I just asked you about the ( Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ) that it the (Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) a federal law ? " Sen. Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire asked . " I may have confused it it was a federal law " DeVos said . Conflicts of interest , Democrats also keyed in on DeVos ties to education companies and possible accusations of     between the potential education secretary and those DeVos will seek to regulate . These concerns have been exacerbated by the fact that DeVos’ ethics paperwork , a requirement for anyone seeking a Cabinet post , has not yet been cleared by the Office of Government Ethics . While the paperwork is not required to be approved before a hearing , as a Republican committee aide noted , it the paperwork required before the committee votes , meaning the delay in paperwork approval could delay DeVos’ confirmation . " I am extremely disappointed that we are moving forward with this hearing before receiving the proper paperwork from the the Office of Government Ethics " Sen. Government Ethics , the committee ’s top Democrat , said Tuesday . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer also expressed his frustration with Senate Committee on Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , Education , Labor and Pensions Chairman Lamar Alexander said there would only be one round of senator questions . Schumer said she was controversial and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer need Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer than one    period to ask her questions , adding that Alexander Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer schedule a second hearing and warned if he does n’t if could impact Alexander Democrats deal with confirming other nominees .    Sexual assault , DeVos also did not commit to continuing the Obama administration ’s 2011 guidance on campus sexual assault , guidance that found schools would be in violation of Title IX and risk losing federal funds if they do n’t properly investigate sexual federal funds allegations . " It would be premature for me to do that today , " DeVos said . DeVos , a DeVos of four , said the issue of campus sexual assault " is really piqued on this issue , " but added the issue of campus sexual assault would work to get read DeVos on the issue once she gets to the the issue of campus sexual assault DeVos The Michigan Republican did affirm that the actions Trump described on a leaked " Access Hollywood " 2005 tape     where he described kissing and groping women without their consent     constitutes sexual assault . " women , " DeVos said when asked by Murray about the tape that rocked the presidential campaign . The comment marks a break from Trump ’s talking points at the time , Trump was largely to dismiss the comments as " locker room talk . " GOP donor   DeVos has been a prolific Republican donor for DeVos . She has given millions to groups that advocate GOP donor  DeVos school privatization and voucher programs , including the American Federation for Children , a group she chaired from 2009 to 2016 . Like GOP donor  DeVos of Trump ’s Cabinet picks , DeVos has tremendous wealth . Forbes estimates DeVos GOP donor  DeVos her husband , Dick , are GOP donor  DeVos upwards GOP donor  DeVos $ 5 billion . She has also donated to at least four GOP donor  DeVos the senators who heard her testimony on Tuesday . Responding to a GOP donor  DeVos from Sen. Bernie Sanders , DeVos said " collectively ( it ) is GOP donor  DeVos " her family has given around $ 200 million GOP donor  DeVos Republican causes over the years . LGBT issues , DeVos’ giving through a slew of family foundations was also an issue in regards to how she would handle LGBT issues as education secretary GOP donor  DeVos Franken pushed DeVos regarding donations to Focus on the Family GOP donor  DeVos an organization that believes conversion therapy for LGBT . Franken directly asked DeVos whether she " still Franken " in GOP donor  DeVos therapy GOP donor  DeVos " I have never believed in that , " DeVos said , adding , " I fully GOP donor  DeVos equality . " DeVos and her family     through three family GOP donor  DeVos     GOP donor  DeVos given more than $ 10 million to Focus on the Family , according to watchdog groups . the Family said that senators were conflating donations GOP donor  DeVos made and those made her mother ’s GOP donor  DeVos . " My mother GOP donor  DeVos the decisions for her foundation , her mother’s said . 
 her mother’s her mother’s her mother’s foundation 