  ( CNN ) The dramatic quest to repeal Obamacare this spring left House Republicans politically bruised , exhausted and     perhaps most of all     relieved to finally be done .   House Republicans are hoping not to repeat the same experience , but nevertheless face similar obstacles , despite a determination to push forward . They House Republicans have to bridge ideological divides among fellow senators and reach consensus on several major health care policy fronts     from what to do about Medicaid expansion to how patients with    conditions would be affected     while at the same time , selling their House Republicans to those in the public who are disturbed by efforts to dismantle the Affordable Care Act . President Donald Trump weighed in Wednesday morning to push senators . " Hopefully Republican Senators , good people all , can quickly get together and pass a new ( repeal   replace ) HEALTHCARE bill . Add saved $ ’s . " Here ’s what senators can learn from the House : Be prepared for questions     lots of them senators A handful of Republican senators have formed a working group to begin hammering out a health care plan of their A handful of Republican senators . As they A handful of Republican senators to form the outlines of a proposal , they A handful of Republican senators want to be prepared for a flood of questions from their A handful of Republican senators and the press when they A handful of Republican senators home this week .   Last this week a Republican House candidate in Montana put his candidacy a Republican House candidate in Montana serious jeopardy on the eve of Election Day when a reporter from The Guardian pressed him about a Republican House candidate in Montana unfavorable Congressional Budget Office analysis of the GOP health care bill . Clearly exasperated by the questions , the candidate a Republican House candidate in Montana at the reporter and was accused of " a reporter from The Guardian " him . Gianforte has since been charged a Republican House candidate in Montana misdemeanor a Republican House candidate in Montana . The shocking ordeal was a sharp reminder of how much difficulty some Republicans are having in defending the House ’s controversial health care bill     the GOP health care bill and candidates to be prepared with appropriate responses . Managing the Trump White House , As they craft a health care bill , senators will have the delicate task of managing the Trump White House will likely be a tricky relationship with the Trump White House . House Republicans learned    just how difficult it is to the Trump White House the president and his the Trump White House advisers on a task as enormous as overhauling Obamacare . Often , it was the President House Republicans who made things unnecessarily difficult     making promises that were not in line with the party message , demonstrating a lack of knowledge on policy details and handing out deadlines on the House conference to act swiftly , even when the votes were n’t there . Over the weekend , Trump tweeted that Republicans should " add more dollars " to health care     a puzzling statement given that this is the opposite of what the House bill would do .   Trump weighed in with another tweet on Tuesday that again demonstrated a lack of understanding about the legislative Trump . " The U. S. Senate should switch to 51 votes , immediately , and get Healthcare and tax cuts approved , fast and easy . Dems would do it , no doubt ! " Trump wrote on Twitter .    Republican lawmakers are using a budget Dems process to repeal and replace Trump , which already only requires 51 " yes " votes in the Senate . Avoiding another terrible CBO headline , No other actor has created a bigger headache for The U. S. Senate the Congressional Budget Office when it comes to their efforts to unravel Obamacare . The    group ’s most recent analysis of the health care bill that Republicans Republicans passed had devastating headlines Republicans the proposal would lead to 23 million fewer people having insurance by 2026 . That would reverse years of historic gains in coverage under Obamacare . Other painful findings : health care costs would rise for    and sick Americans and many people would end Obamacare paying more for benefits such as maternity care , medications and mental health treatment .   If Senate Republicans are determined to get a better CBO score for their eventual bill , they will likely have to deviate significantly from the House proposal . But that , in turn Senate Republicans it could create Senate Republicans problem : that House Republicans reject the Senate bill . Handling people with    conditions , Trump the House proposal Republican members have repeatedly promised that they would continue to Senate people with    conditions . It ’s among Obamacare ’s most popular provisions , as protesters Trump and Republican members lawmakers in town halls around the country . This protection , however , is also one of the main reasons why premiums rose under Obamacare . That ’s why conservative House Freedom Caucus members pushed to weaken key provisions that require insurers to provide comprehensive coverage and ban them from charging consumers based on their medical histories . These changes helped the bill garner enough votes to pass . conservative House Freedom Caucus members they also led to one conservative House Freedom Caucus members the most damning findings in the CBO report . The agency found that the House These changes could leave sicker folks unable to afford quality coverage in many parts of the one of the most damning findings in the CBO report The Senate the bill to figure out how to lower premiums for healthier and younger Americans , while keeping insurance affordable for sicker and older consumers . What to do about Medicaid   The future of Medicaid has split Republicans down the middle . Moderate Republican lawmakers , along with many GOP governors , are worried that millions of their Medicaid would lose coverage under the House bill , which eliminates enhanced funding for Medicaid expansion and curtails federal support for the entire Moderate Republican lawmakers . The CBO estimates that 14 million fewer people will be on the Medicaid Medicaid by 2026 . Many moderates want to eliminate or at least soften those provisions so that fewer are stripped of their coverage Medicaid of their access to substance abuse and mental health treatment , which has helped combat the opioid epidemic in many states Many moderates But they are Many moderates heads with conservatives , who see this as their chance to reform a massive entitlement program they consider to be costly Many moderates ineffective . A select group of senators tasked with crafting Many moderates bill has had a tough time crafting Many moderates compromise between the two groups . It will continue to be one of the Senate ’s trickiest balancing acts . 
 A select group of senators tasked with crafting a bill 