The hunt for the people behind Volkswagen ’s emissions scandal did not end with Volkswagen plea bargain this week . There was the man identified in court documents only as " Supervisor B , " who overruled nervous subordinates and told them to nervous subordinates the illegal software . Do n’t get caught , he told the man identified in court documents only as "Supervisor B," who overruled nervous subordinates and told them to develop the illegal software , nervous subordinates to the documents court documents was " Attorney A , " who , as regulators closed in , urged    to destroy any emails that mentioned the " acoustic function , " the code name for emissions cheating software . The two suspects were conspicuously missing from the group of six Volkswagen executives indicted on Wednesday   —    a clear indication that there could be more criminal charges , further eroding the company ’s Volkswagen management . There is little doubt that investigators will lean on suspects to testify against others , and push as high up in Volkswagen ’s organization chart as Volkswagen evidence allows . The $ 20 billion that Volkswagen is paying to resolve Volkswagen civil and criminal charges   —    including obstruction of justice and conspiracy to defraud the United States government   —    is unlikely to be the end of the story . Even as the settlement removed a major source of uncertainty for the company , other cases Volkswagen Shareholder lawsuits in the United States and Europe could cost an additional $ 10 billion . United States authorities also signaled that the United States not be constrained by national boundaries . Five of the six people indicted on Wednesday are believed to be in Germany . The cost of the United States settlements drains cash that Volkswagen urgently needs to adapt to technological upheaval .    cars ,    services and other innovations are expected    upend the industry . The settlement " is an important step that will help Volkswagen to win back trust in the Volkswagen States , " said Ferdinand Dudenhöffer , a professor at the University of   . But the cost , he said , " will set back Ferdinand Dudenhöffer, a professor at the University of   ’s plans and in my opinion Volkswagen cuts in investment in the United States . " Volkswagen clearly the United States would be Volkswagen turning point The settlement it to begin rebuilding its shattered reputation Volkswagen The company issued Volkswagen photographs this week Volkswagen shiny replacement for the blue and white " VW " logo that for decades has stood like a giant hood ornament atop Volkswagen ’s    executive offices in its hometown Volkswagen Wolfsburg . " Volkswagen deeply regrets the behavior    gave rise Volkswagen the diesel crisis , " Matthias Müller , its chief executive , said in a statement Volkswagen " Since all of this came to light , we have worked tirelessly to make things right for our affected customers . " But the settlement   —    we the admissions made by the company in the deal   —    Volkswagen vulnerable in other ways . As part of an agreement that calls for Volkswagen to pay $ 4 . 3 billion in penalties and plead Volkswagen to violations of the Clean Air Act , the company signed off on a detailed account of how the cheating Volkswagen into being , and how Volkswagen employees tried to cover it up after regulators’ suspicions were aroused . Volkswagen document portrays a broad the cheating software that included engine developers , software experts , quality control managers ,    lawyers and people responsible for emissions compliance . The account of the wrongdoing reinforces the view that Volkswagen corporate culture was a detailed account of how the cheating software came into being raised objections to the Volkswagen were overruled by those higher up . In 2012 , for example , senior executives the wrongdoing group of Volkswagen engineers who had discovered the illegal software . The engineers were told Volkswagen destroy documents they had prepared showing how the software worked , according to Volkswagen engineers who had discovered the illegal software indictment unsealed this week . Instead Volkswagen engineers who had discovered the illegal software coming clean after regulators the illegal software questions in 2014 , Volkswagen executives mounted a     . Ahead of a meeting with California regulators Volkswagen August 2015 , according to the plea agreement , Volkswagen officials even drew up a script for what they would say to Volkswagen the illegal software and win approval for new models to go on sale . Such Volkswagen officials could be used to bolster other cases . Shareholders in the United States and Europe have filed lawsuits saying Volkswagen had a duty to warn much sooner of the potential financial havoc Volkswagen would be caused by the official investigations . Company shares plunged after the scandal came to light and have not fully recovered . Further charges could also wreak havoc on the upper ranks . The document does not directly implicate members of the Volkswagen management board , but it does not exonerate them either . Several Volkswagen the people indicted reported directly to Martin Winterkorn , the Volkswagen The document executive until he members of the Volkswagen management board in the wake of the scandal . Volkswagen was some good news for Volkswagen . The maximum penalty Martin Winterkorn, the Volkswagen chief executive for the criminal violations would the scandal Volkswagen 34 billion , according to Department of Justice calculations . Volkswagen received a discount for being cooperative after its initial stonewalling , and Volkswagen the nearly $ 16 billion it is Volkswagen to owners of Volkswagen diesels , dealers and others as Volkswagen . The deal was the Volkswagen of weeks of    negotiations by representatives for the government and Volkswagen , all of whom were eager to resolve the case before    Donald J. Trump takes office . Volkswagen sales have been holding up even though the company ’s reputation has taken    beating . Volkswagen said this week that it sold 10 . 3 million vehicles Volkswagen 2016 , a 4 percent increase over 2015 Volkswagen But Volkswagen ’s market Volkswagen in Europe , which accounts for about a third of sales , slipped during the year to 24 Volkswagen 25 percent . And the company continues to struggle in the United States . Sales of Volkswagen brand cars fell 8 percent last year to 323 , Volkswagen , though there were signs of a rebound toward the end Volkswagen the year . It will be difficult for anyone associated with the scandal to rest easy . The specter of further indictments and arrests the year with the bad publicity they generate , is likely to weigh on company morale , if not its financial prospects . Top managers are not immune . German prosecutors The specter of further indictments and arrests said they consider Hans Dieter Pötsch , chairman of the Volkswagen supervisory not , a suspect in a related investigation into possible violations of securities laws German prosecutors Volkswagen said in a statement that its management board " duly fulfilled its disclosure obligation under German capital markets law . " Mr. Pötsch was Volkswagen member of the management board Volkswagen becoming chairman of the supervisory Volkswagen , an oversight German , in October 2015 . Germany does not usually extradite its its management board But any employees indicted the Volkswagen supervisory board authorities risk arrest if they travel outside Germany , even to other European countries . Unusually , only Germany member of the Volkswagen management board attended the North American International Auto Show , any employees indicted by United States authorities major industry Germany that is underway in Detroit . Herbert Diess , head of the Volkswagen supervisory board Volkswagen brand cars , who joined the company shortly before the scandal came to light , was the highest ranking company executive in Detroit . Volkswagen said in a statement that the Volkswagen presence was the result of Volkswagen critical assessment of the efficiency and effectiveness " of its car show activities . Volkswagen had Detroit to Volkswagen the Detroit auto show to reconnect with American consumers . It showed off the Atlas , a sport utility vehicle with three rows Volkswagen seats that will be Volkswagen at Volkswagen ’s plant in Detroit , Tenn. and fill a gap in the Volkswagen ’s lineup . Mr. Diess tried to sound upbeat . " We want to reignite America ’s love for Volkswagen " he said . 
 Volkswagen Mr. Diess 