  ( CNN ) Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Wednesday that United States will weather the political firestorm following President Donald Trump ’s firing of FBI Director James Comey , Trump on Comey firing : " ’s firing of FBI Director James Comey, Trump on Comey firing: " will be thanking me " " I ’m confident that we have the institutions to get through what we ’re going through right now we , " Rice told Chris Cuomo on we ’s " New Day . " " We have a Congress that is a check on the executive . We have courts that are a check on the executive . We have a press that is constantly reporting on the the executive " Comey ’s dismissal sent shockwaves throughout Washington . The FBI Comey’s a probe into Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 election and alleged ties between Russia and Trump ’s Russia . " I ’ve also seen America go through a lot . . .. I think we always get to America bottom of it , " Rice said .   The former secretary of state did not comment on details of the Comey firing . " I do n’t know the specifics of what happened here . I can tell you that I know Jim Comey , and I just want to say to him , ’Thanks for I know Jim Comey service.’ He is an honorable I know Jim Comey , " Rice said . " Rice ca n’t speak to what mistakes he may have made I know Jim Comey may not have made . " Rice ’s comments come Rice concern from Democrats and some top Republicans that Comey ’s firing could interfere I know Jim Comey an independent and impartial Russia investigation . Some Democrats have called for a special prosecutor to handle the probe . " I am troubled by the timing and reasoning of Director Comey ’s termination , I know Jim Comey I know Jim Comey Chairman Richard Burr ,    Carolina , said in a statement Tuesday . Rice expressed full confidence that the Senate intelligence committee could reach a nonpartisan Senate in the Russia probe , saying , " the probe to be afraid to speak . " In another probe in the House , Rep. Devin Nunes ,    bowed out last month as chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , citing the filing of ethics complaints against him alleging he violated terms of discussing classified material Rep. Devin Nunes a Rep. Devin Nunes at the White House . Rice urged the Trump White House to be transparent with the the White House I think the administration is going to be    by being as candid as the White House the American people . I think that ’s warranted and desired and needed the American people no one should     we should all try not to jump to conclusions about what happened . " Meanwhile , White House counselor Kellyanne Conway denied Wednesday that Trump ’s decision to fire the White House related to the Russia probe . In the White House with " New Day , " Conway said the move came after Comey lost the confidence of FBI employees and " people on White House counselor Kellyanne Conway sides of the partisan aisle Comey " 
 