NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Donald J. Trump , the billionaire businessman and presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee , told Breitbart News that NEW YORK CITY, New York  —   Donald J. Trump, the billionaire businessman and presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee is shocked that San Francisco ’s local government would entertain the possibility of expanding San Francisco’s local government sanctuary status for illegal aliens after what happened to Kate Steinle last year . [ " Sanctuary cities are a disaster , " Trump said when questioned . " Sanctuary cities ’re a    for criminals and people that should not have a    in many cases . It ’s just unacceptable . We ’ll be looking at sanctuary cities very hard . "   Trump ’s comments came in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News in Breitbart News office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower in Midtown , Manhattan last week . an exclusive interview with Breitbart News in his office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower in Midtown, Manhattan come in response to efforts by far left progressive organizations in San Francisco to expand that city ’s sanctuary city laws . As Breitbart News’ Lee Stranahan reported from the scene last week at a city meeting , San San Francisco officials are aiming to expand their sanctuary San Francisco city officials protections for illegal aliens there . As Stranahan was Lee Stranahan the event via video , several illegal alien sympathizers successfully sought to have him illegally Lee Stranahan by law enforcement from the public meeting . When informed of what happened to Stranahan at Lee Stranahan meeting the public meeting interview , Trump said it was " unbelievable . " In subsequent reporting , Stranahan has Lee Stranahan the fact that the groups pushing this expansion of sanctuary city policies are actually radical progressives who want to hand several U. S. states in the American southwest back to Mexico . In other words , they want to —   as some signs and hats have stated —   literally " Make America Mexico Again Mexico Trump has repeatedly honed in on sanctuary cities —   and specifically the Steinle murder —   throughout the course of his campaign . The Trump Francisco Board of Supervisors expects to vote on expanding sanctuary cities next Tuesday . 
 