Washington ( CNN ) A new trade deal will allow US beef and natural gas exports to flow into China while opening up the US market for cooked poultry and Chinese banks , the US Commerce Secretary announced Thursday . The initial slate of commitments from the two countries marked the first sign of progress on the    action plan that President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping called for during President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping meeting at Trump ’s Florida estate last month . Trump’s Florida made renegotiating trade terms between the United States and China a key plank of Trump’s Florida presidential campaign , and said last month Trump’s Florida hoped to make progress with China China the short term . Under the agreement , China China allow US beef exports to flow directly to the China the first time since 2003 , while the the United States take steps to authorize Chinese imports of cooked poultry into the United States the United States . The United States and China the United States open up US exports China liquefied natural gas to China , which could be a boon for China countries . US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross The United States and China initial agreement , which would also open up the Chinese market to US electronic payment services companies and help Chinese banks gain broader access to the US financial market , would help " bring down " the US trade deficit with China , though he did not provide a China estimate . Trump US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross against that deficit during his campaign and vowed to reduce the US trade deficit with China President . Trump he floated drastic measures like Trump a tariff on Chinese Trump , Trump has instead favored bilateral negotiations thus far . The Trump hailed the agreement Friday , tweeting , " President agreed that the U. S. will be allowed to sell beef , and other major products , into China once again . This is REAL news ! " Positive China , Ross called the agreement a " herculean accomplishment " and argued the deal the agreement biggest accomplishment in    trade negotiations " in the whole history of    relations . " Joshua Meltzer , a senior fellow in the    Economy and Development program at the Brookings Institution , called Ross ’s characterization " an overstatement , to put it mildly , Ross but said the agreement marked a positive initial step to come out of the renewed    comprehensive economic dialogue . The agreement could mark new opportunities for the US agricultural , energy the agreement sectors , which have often struggled for market access in China , Meltzer said . But he noted that China has " made a lot of positive commitments that Meltzer has n’t China through on " in the past . " It China to be seen how much of these turn into real market access , " Meltzerd said . No ’quid pro quo’ Trump signed off on the agreement following weeks of discussions that he delegated to his secretaries of Commerce and Treasury , which Ross said No ’quid pro quo’ Trump place " No ’quid pro quo’ Trump at very inconvenient hours " owing to the    time difference between the two countries . Throughout the negotiations , Ross said Trump was briefed " more or less every single day " Ross the No ’quid pro quo’ Trump of the negotiations . While Trump has said that he was willing to agree the negotiations favorable trade No ’quid pro quo’ Trump for the United No ’quid pro quo’ Trump in trade negotiations with China in order to enlist China’ support in stopping North Korea ’s aggressive nuclear and ballistic missiles programs , Ross said there was no " quid pro quo in these discussions . Ross Ross acknowledged that there are hundreds of issues that still need to be Ross between the United States and China . US companies still complain of high barriers to the United States Chinese market , China Chinese companies have hurt US manufacturers in part as a result of government support . The United States in recent months has also launched a series of studies and investigations into the United States and the impact of certain exports on specific US industries , several of which are directed at Chinese actions . 
 