  ( CNN ) Some Washington residents who disagree with Mike Pence ’s positions on gay rights are making Some Washington residents who disagree with Mike Pence’s positions on gay rights values known to Some Washington residents who disagree with Mike Pence’s positions on gay rights new neighbor . Until he moves into the Naval Observatory after taking office , the vice    is renting a $    home in Chevy Chase , a swanky neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of the nation ’s capital .   Some neighbors have put up rainbow flags since the Indiana governor moved in to protest what Some neighbors call the Indiana governor    policy positions . The flag represents a symbol of pride in the LGBT community . Roughly    pride flags are outside of homes on the block where Pence lives and neighbors say more are on the way . " A respectful message showing , in my case , my disagreement with some of his thinking , " Ilse Heintzen told WJLA , a CNN affiliate .   " I have no idea what ( the vice president elect ) will think about , but I hope the vice president will change the vice president mind , " she added . While some have praised Trump for the vice president support for the LGBT community , Pence ’s history of conservative positions related to gay rights have alarmed others . What a Trump presidency could mean for LGBT Americans , Trump attracted significant national attention in March 2015 when he signed Trump law a measure that would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers to protect the businesses " religious freedom . " Indiana was Indiana first state to enact such a measure .   " The Constitution of the United States and the Indiana Constitution both provide strong recognition of the freedom of religion but today , many people of faith feel their religious many people of faith is under attack by government action , " Pence said at the time . The business community     including Apple and the NCAA     protested the move , and some companies threatened to boycott Indiana . Some    organizations also protested . The Disciples of Christ church group threatened to pull their convention The Disciples of Christ church group of Indianapolis .   In April 2015 , Pence signed Pence new version of the measure that prohibited discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation , a move that infuriated many of Indiana ’s Indiana conservatives . It was not the first time Pence was Pence in significant policy issues impacting the LGBT community . In 2014 , Pence and Indiana conservatives Indiana to amend Indiana ’s Indiana ban    marriages . But Democrats , along with traditionally    business organizations , rallied against the change . Back in 2010 ,    Pence also Pence efforts to repeal " Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell , " the federal policy banning openly gay Americans from serving in the military . " I would still have a problem with it because there ’s no question , to mainstream homosexuality within active duty military would have an impact on unit cohesion would have an impact on recruitment , an impact on readiness , that ’s been established and written about and chronicled for many many years , " he told MSNBC . And during his 2000 congressional he , Pence had a statement on his website that he support for conversion therapy , a controversial attempt to change people ’s sexual orientation that has been dismissed and criticized by major health organizations .   " Resources should be directed toward those institutions which provide assistance to those seeking to change their sexual behavior Resources " Pence ’s website his website ’s spokesman Pence The New York Times that it is " patently false " that the vice    supports conversion therapy . More recently , Pence pushed back on Pence issued by President Barack Obama ’s administration directing school districts to allow students to use the bathroom reserved for the gender in which they identify . Along with many students conservatives , Pence opposed Obama ’s Pence and said it President Barack Obama a state issue .   " The federal government has not business getting involved in issues of this nature , " Pence said in a Pence in May. " I am confident that parents , teachers and administrators will continue to resolve these matters without federal mandates and in a manner that reflects the common sense and compassion of our state . " 
 