Thursday on the Senate floor , Sen. Al Franken ( ) urged    Donald Trump " to appeal to America ’s better angels and to reject the dark politics represented by Stephen Bannon " and to reject Stephen Bannon as an adviser ,   Partial transcript as follows : I rise today to address   Donald Trump selection of Stephen Bannon , Stephen Bannon figure and former head of the    web site Breitbart to serve as chief strategist and senior counsel to the president . In the early hours of November 9 , after it became clear that he had officially won the race for the White House ,    Trump appeared   Donald Trump supporters Donald Trump’s deliver a he speech . He said   —    he this is a quote   —    " Now it ’s time for America to bind the wounds of division . To all Republicans and Democrats and Independents across this nation , I say America time for us to come together as one united people.’ After a long an contentious campaign , it seemed to me that the    implicitly acknowledged that some of the rhetoric used during the race alienated and offended some of our communities . " I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be the president for all Americans , that I will be president for all Americans . " Now , all Americans , it ’s no secret that I did not support    Trump during the campaign , but despite the fact that I disagree passionately with our    about the best way to approach many , if not most , of the challenges facing our nation , I truly believe that there are places where we can find some common ground . We both understand the need to rebuild our nation ’s crumbling infrastructure and to send Americans back to work repairing our roads and bridges and our schools our Both    Trump and our support closing the    loophole which allows private equity and hedge fund managers to avoid paying their fair share of taxes . These Trump and I issues on which I look forward to working with the next administration . So you can understand , Mr. President , why I was encouraged by    Trump ’s call for unity because once an election is over and the heat of the campaign has subsided , the American people expect our leaders to come together , to the American people common cause and to get to work solving our nation ’s problems . So I was disappointed when just a few days later I learned that the    Trump had selected former Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon to serve Trump his chief strategist and senior counsel , former Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon position the    described as   —    quote   —    Mr. President An equal partner " to his in coming White House chief of staff . The selection of Mr. Bannon to serve at the very former Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon of our government does not signal a willingness to set aside our differences and embrace unity . Far from it . You see , Mr. President , before Mr. Bannon joined the Trump campaign , Mr. former Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon the executive the Trump campaign News former Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon , Breitbart News for those who are not familiar with it , is Breitbart News web site founded by the late Andrew Breitbart . Even from its inception , Breitbart was a bastion of    ideology whose writers and editors unapologetically courted the late Andrew Breitbart . But the site took a darker turn shortly after Mr. Bannon took it over a conservative web site founded by the late Andrew Breitbart . " I think anger is a good thing , " Mr. Bannon is quoted as telling a gathering of conservative activists , and it Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon guided Breitbart away from more mainstream conservative opinion to instead traffic in an Mr. Bannon racism , misogyny , xenophobia , and   . Even a former Breitbart editor , who has lamented the site ’s hard shift to the extreme right , described its comment section as " turning into a cesspool for white supremacists . " Mr. President , I think it is important for the American public to understand exactly how Mr. Bannon ’s Breitbart describes its fellow citizens . Here are just a few of the articles Breitbart published under Mr. it ’s direction . " Gabby Giffords : The Gun Control Movement ’s Human Shield , " in this article included the quote " Gabby Giffords is their human shield . The gun control representative who could say   — Gabby Giffords and say what she wanted without facing any real pressure to prove her claims were true . " Two weeks The gun control representative who could say  —    the day after nine people were murdered at The gun control representative who could say  —    Emanuel   AME Church in South Carolina , Breitbart published " Hoist It High And Proud : The Confederate Flag Proclaims A Glorious Heritage " in the article , the writer asked   —    quote   —    " Barack , you might just want to remind us again which state of the union , North or South , your ancestors resided in during the traumatic years    or did Kenya not have a dog in that fight ? " In " Political Correctness Protects Muslim Rape Culture , " the author describes cases of sexual assault in Europe   —    quote   —    " You wo n’t hear much about it in the U. S. mainstream media because the epidemic is a    of the influx into Europe of a million mostly Muslim migrants . " In " Mexico Is Sending Us Colonists , Europe Immigrants , " a story in which readers are warned that   —    quote   —    " Mexico sees Mexicans as   —    Mexicans in the United States as strategic assets in every Mexico of that word . They are seen as extensions of the Mexican state and partners in Mexico ’s plan . " Mexicans in the United States This is nasty stuff . This is vile , and it Mexico all the way from the top , from Mr. Bannon himself . Watch ( Part 2 ) : var _ ndnq = _ ndnq || [ ] _ ndnq . push([’embed’ ] ) In July , Mr. Bannon wrote a piece for Breitbart in which he accused his political opponents of a   Mr. Bannon himself quote   —    " plot to take Mr. Bannon himself America Mr. Bannon himself " by focusing on the need to improve relationship   —    the relationship between law enforcement and communities of color . That was the plot to take down America . The article opened with Mr. Bannon explicitly and baselessly linking the man responsible for shooting police America in Dallas , Texas , to the Black Lives Matter movement . Mr. Bannon wrote   —    quote   —    " five police officers are murdered in Dallas Mr. Bannon Black Lives Matter type activist turned sniper . " There ’s no question that the Dallas Dallas was a troubled man who harbored hate in his heart , a man who investigators determined was Dallas motivated by racist ideologies , but there is no Mr. Bannon suggesting that the shooter was a member of Mr. Bannon Black Lives Matter , a movement born in opposition to violence . the Dallas shooter not a   —    quote   —    " activist turned sniper , " a phrase Mr. Bannon Bannon crafted to suggest that the two roles exist along a continuum , to suggest that it ’s only a matter of time before the peaceful protester takes up arms . It is bad enough that Mr. Bannon sought to fan the flames of fear , anxiety and turn our communities against Americans peacefully exercising their Mr. Bannon rights , but Mr. Bannon ’s article did n’t stop at impugning activists who protest    shootings . our communities against Americans . Mr. Bannon proceeded to Mr. Bannon an entire race . He wrote   —    quote   —    " Here ’s Mr. Bannon . What if the people getting shot by the cops Mr. Bannon things to deserve it ? There are , after all , in this world some people who are naturally aggressive and violent . " While conspiracy theories aside , Mr. President , there ’s a name for that kind of tactic . It ’s called a dog whistle . To some , such rhetoric does n’t seem   —    may not appear overtly racist . Make no mistake , that ’s by design . Not every person who hears that kind of language understands that by saying   —    quote   —    " some people are naturally aggressive and violent " Mr. Bannon is suggesting that black people , after all the ones shot by the police , are naturally aggressive and violent . But Mr. Bannon to those who read his web site , Mr. Bannon ’s meaning is all too clear . Now , Mr. Bannon does n’t always attempt to cloak his views Mr. Bannon at times connecting Mr. Bannon are much clearer . In the very same article , Mr. Bannon suggested that efforts by the Obama Administration Mr. Bannon pursue gun safety measures in the Mr. Bannon of the Orlando shooting are nothing more than an effort to Mr. Bannon away from refugees . Never mind that refugees were not involved in the incident . Let ’s all remember , Mr. President , that the tragedy at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando , a shooting in which 49 people were murdered and 53 others were wounded , was carried out by an    U. D. citizen . Nonetheless , Mr. Orlando wrote   —    quote   —    " in the wake of Orlando , the Obama Administration , with Hillary Clinton cheering it on , intoned Mr. Bannon and hate and is now back to importing more hating Muslims . " To Orlando that the Obama Administration peaceful protest movement like Black Lives Matter were in league with a    killer , that the sympathies of the president of the United States , while not with the victims of gun violence , but instead with those the United States to do us harm is to pit members of vulnerable communities against one another , LGBT people against refugees , peaceful protesters against the cops who rushed to shield them from gunfire , is abhorrent . And regrettably , Mr. President , we have no reason Mr. President that Mr. Bannon would not seek to deploy such tactics from the White House . After refugees , they featured prominently in the Trump campaign ’s final television ad us in the spot the Mr. Bannon voice warns   —    quote   —    " those who control the levers of power in Washington and global special interests do n’t have America ’s best interest at heart . " At the same time images of George Soros , and Federal Reserve Chair America and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein , all prominent Jews , flash on the screen . To those who may not know better , such an ad would seem innocuous . but to me , its message is obvious . The ad ’s    overtones , which draw on an old and hateful conspiracy theory about Jews controlling banks and financial markets , were obvious to me . I called that a such an ad Shepherd whistle , designed such an ad heard in some of the darkest remaining corners of our country and our world . A politics that relies on this type of innuendo , me Bannon ’s brand of politics has no place in a modern presidential campaign , and it certainly has no place in the Mr. Bannon ’s our clear , Mr. President . the use of racially charged Mr. President innuendo is repulsive . The very purpose of deploying dog whistle politics in the context of a Stephen Bannon’s brand of politics is to attract the support of people who harbor hateful ideologies without offending the sensibilities of more mainstream voters . Every member of this body , Mr. President , should condemn rhetoric that sows the Mr. President discourse . It is our obligation not just as senators , but as Americans , to stand up to Mr. Bannon ’s hateful , divisive brand of politics and to reject it . We ca n’t change the fact that such strategies played a role in this campaign , but moving forward , Mr. President , it is Mr. Bannon we the Trump campaign Mr. President tactics to become normalized . We can not allow them to become a regular part of our politics . And if    Trump truly meant what he said during his victory speech , if he truly hopes to be president for all Americans , he will recognize that such tactics we in the way these corrosive tactics that goal . And he will we them . The women and men the leader chooses   Trump surround himself   Trump show the public what   Trump of leader he will be .    Trump has   Trump choice . Will he truly attempt to   —    quote   —      Trump bind the such tactics stand in the way of that goal of division " or will our next president seek counsel   Trump a man who proudly traffics in hatred ,   Trump and pernicious innuendo ?   Trump    Trump ’s administration open   Trump doors to all people ? Or will it seek to govern by exploiting old prejudices and pitting us against one another . The campaign is over , Mr. President , but the wounds inflicted during the long battle Mr. President the Trump campaign   Trump time to set administration the work of healing them . I administration    Trump to begin that the Trump campaign by surrounding himself with people equal to the task . Mr. Bannon is not one of them . And he should not serve in the next administration . I call on    Trump to appeal to America ’s better angels and   Trump   Trump dark politics the work of healing them Stephen Bannon   Trump Follow Pam Key Mr. Bannon @pamkeyNEN 
 America Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon   Trump   Trump administration them 