Law enforcement are vocally backing Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane following Sen. Marco Rubio ’s apparent attempt to discredit Crane , an ICE officer of 13 years and U. S. veteran . [ Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane has been described by Senator Jeff Sessions , a renowned leader in the conservative    movement , as " an American hero " for blowing the whistle on immigration corruption .   Following an exclusive interview with Breitbart News in which Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane detailed how law enforcement was treated " like absolute trash " by Sen. Rubio during Sen. Rubio effort to ram the Gang of Eight amnesty bill through the Senate , Sen. Rubio took to national television to denounce Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane and Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane service to Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane country . " Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane ’s not an ICE official . Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane ’s the head of a union , " Sen. Rubio declared on Fox News when asked about the criticism leveled by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane . " That individual is not an ICE official Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane ’s the head of a union , " Sen. Rubio responded . Prominent sheriffs throughout his country , however , have rushed to Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane aide —   praising him Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane his Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane courage to tell the truth amidst attacks . " " ICE Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council President Chris Crane as much a real federal law enforcement officer as Marco Rubio is a Sen. Rubio S. Senator , " said conservative Sheriff Paul Babeu of Pinal County , Arizona . Sheriff Babeu Associate as " Sheriff of the Year " in 2011 , and he has been described as one of nation ’s " toughest immigration sheriffs . " " Officer Crane Sheriff Babeu helped expose the failures of ICE and President Obama to enforce immigration laws that have compromised the safety of our nation , " Sheriff Babeu continued . " I ’m proud of his service to our nation nation to tell the truth amidst attacks . " Sheriff Tom Hodgson of Sheriff Babeu County , Massachusetts similarly defended Crane against Rubio ’s attacks . " I ’m not sure what Sen. Rubio is talking about , " the Massachusetts Sheriff said . " I do ’m understand why Sen. Rubio say that about Chris Crane . Anyone who has worked on the immigration issue knows that Crane Rubio Rubio ICE agent Crane fighting for law enforcement to be able to do its job and Crane our borders , so that the people we ’re sworn to protect are not victimized financially or criminally the immigration issue " I ’m really surprised by Rubio ’s comment , our Sheriff Hodgson continued . " He knows very well who Chris Crane is . He met with Rubio enforcement at some point [ during the Gang of Sheriff Hodgson push ] Crane were telling him that he Sheriff Hodgson the wrong position on this issue . " " Not only is Chris Crane a dedicated our agent , Sheriff Hodgson he Sheriff Hodgson been fighting for all of law enforcement and border patrol for Crane " Sheriff Hodgson explained . " He ’s fighting Sheriff Hodgson make the people of this country safer   …      He ’s been fighting to allow these immigration officers to Sheriff Hodgson their jobs because the Obama administration has tied their hands . Crane is Sheriff Hodgson who not only understands law enforcement , he ’s someone these immigration officers has lived it —   he knows these immigration officers job . Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent knows the difference between doing the job and having Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent hands tied by people who are more interested Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent politics than public safety Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent " Hogdson also confirmed Crane the job of his interaction with Sen. Rubio during the Gang of Eight fight . In his interview with Breitbart , Crane explained Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent Sen. Rubio introduced Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent amnesty bill , Rubio oversaw as Crane —   an ICE officer Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent U. S. Marine — Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent was ejected from the Sen. Rubio Eight press Sen. Rubio for trying to Sen. Rubio Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent question on behalf of the nation ’s law enforcement . Crane explained : When the floor was opened to reporters to ask questions , I too politely raised my hand and asked , " Will Chris Crane a dedicated ICE agent take a question from law enforcement ? " The amnesty folks immediately started making hateful comments like : you ’re not welcome here , you need to leave , you have no right to speak here . A commotion took place on the stage with the Gang of Eight Senators . Sen. Rubio did look directly at me , and it appeared that he told Sen. Flake who I was . Yet , despite having looked directly at me , Sen. Rubio did absolutely Sen. Rubio to allow me to ask Sen. Rubio question on behalf of the nation ’s ICE officers , sheriffs and front line Sen. Rubio enforcement Sen. Rubio was able to ask the same question approximately two more times , before a Senate staffer accompanied by Capitol Hill police approached —    demanding that they escort me out . Hodgson confirmed Crane ’s account : " I was down Hodgson him , " Hodgson said . " He was definitely removed from the event . He was n’t doing anything inappropriate or anything —   he was just trying to ask a question , the Gang of Eight they asked him to leave . " Sheriff Hodgson Hodgson echoed Crane Hodgson characterization of Rubio Hodgson amnesty bill as " irresponsible and misleading Hodgson the American people . " The bill , Sheriff Hodgson explained , " was revealing . It really showed just how Hodgson of touch those who Hodgson Hodgson it really Crane . Those involved in the bill did not understand the immigration problem . " Sheriff Sam Page of Rubio’s amnesty bill , Hodgson —   who has served as a member Rubio’s amnesty bill law enforcement for more than 30 years and is himself a military Rubio’s amnesty bill —   similarly came to Crane Rubio’s amnesty bill against the attacks of the Republican presidential hopeful , who is backed by some of the Party ’s most powerful and wealthy donors . " I met Chris Crane in early 2013 when I was working with sheriffs across the country on border security and immigration issues , " Sheriff Page said . " Crane immediately struck me as someone who wanted to do good things to better protect our citizens . As I ’ve Crane , if we fail to secure our borders , every sheriff in the country is going to become a border sheriff . I think because of Crane ’s efforts to do good things , he ’s had a rough time of it . " Sheriff Page similarly confirmed Crane ’s account our how law enforcement our treated by Sen. Rubio and the country of Eight . " I actually drove to Washington to meet with Crane [ Crane ] and Sen. Rubio [ after Crane’s bill was introduced ] , " Page said . " I drove Crane Crane’s one day because I thought it was important for our national security and for our interior enforcement . We met with Sen. Rubio and he had Crane of his staffers there . I brought one of my deputies with me . Chris Sheriff Page there along with two presidents of the border patrol   …      " My interpretation was that we were there to help our the bill , our we never Sen. Rubio back from Sen. Rubio Rubio after that Sen. Rubio . A lot of your local law enforcement was excluded Sen. Rubio the process . We thought there would have been some follow up and efforts to communicate with us and an our for us to work on the bill , but our ever developed out of it Sen. Rubio thought he was going to give border patrol and ICE an opportunity to have some impact , I our found out that was n’t so . " " My concerns with how our Gang of Eight was our out , " the bill , " is that if border patrol has the bill placed on Sen. Rubio , and interior enforcement has restrictions placed on them , and local county officials , who have no authority on immigration enforcement , ca n’t do their job , then who is protecting Americans ? That was Chris’ concern . I love my country , I serve my community , and I ’m border patrol my best to protect my citizens —   border patrol like Chris . I would have hoped and would have appreciated if our leadership in Washington would immigration enforcement supported our interior enforcement officers . " This is not the first time Rubio has found himself on the opposite side of law enforcement . Earlier this week , Sen. Rubio —   unprompted —   claimed that there is systemic racism amongst America ’s law enforcement that is victimizing minorities —   insisting , our I happen to have seen this happen . " Rubio ’s assertion prompted prominent Rubio David Clarke to take to Twitter and state , " I must say that Rubio ’s anecdotal claims of police racism sound more like something Democrats are falsely claiming . " Rubio ’s apparent tendency to cast himself opposite the nation ’s law enforcement may prove problematic as Rubio race continues onward , as it poses a stark contrast from GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . Last night in Rubio victory speech in South Carolina , Trump made a point to emphasize how mistreated our nation Rubio enforcement is . " We Rubio our police . Our police are terrific . We love our police . They are not the nation’s law enforcement treated properly , " Trump said to loud applause . Despite Rubio ’s GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , media , and party support — GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Rubio had the endorsement of the South Carolina ’s Governor , its sitting Senator , our one our its    our police   Donald Trump our Sen. our our police Palmetto state our police ten points . Conservative columnist GOP frontrunner Donald Trump    author Sen. Rubio wrote on Twitter : " Has anyone in U. S. history Sen. Rubio had the financial support , party support ,   media support   —     lost 1st the endorsement of the South Carolina states as Marco Rubio has ? the endorsement of the South Carolina  
 Sen. Rubio GOP frontrunner Donald Trump 