Nancy Reagan has died at the age of 94 , according to TMZ . Nancy Reagan , as she wished Nancy Reagan be known even when her husband Nancy Reagan , was the 40th president ’s closest confidant and a played a major role in his career her husband presidency . [ When Ronald Reagan Nancy Reagan an ABC News report said that " their love story has always been a part of the presidential story . "   The New York Times wrote , " Mrs. Reagan was Nancy Reagan guardian of her husband ’s image Nancy Reagan sometimes at the expense of her own , and Nancy Reagan Mr. Reagan ’s improbable Nancy Reagan Hollywood acting career to the governorship of California and ultimately the White House , she was a trusted adviser . Nancy Reagan Reagan biographer Craig Shirley wrote in his book Last Act : The Reagan biographer Craig Shirley Years and Enduring Legacy of Ronald Reagan , " They were Reagan and soul mates The Final Years and Enduring Legacy of Ronald Reagan and his letters over the years left no Reagan as to the depth of their mutual love . " " Mrs. The Final Years and Enduring Legacy of Ronald Reagan was a balm to him Reagan hated being on the road Reagan her Reagan " Shirley once said in an Reagan . " Reagan diaries recount on several occasions how much Reagan missed her when she was traveling . Reagan also Reagan better Reagan judging who was Reagan to help Reagan versus helping themselves than he was . Reagan were the consummate team Reagan madly in themselves with each other and content to be alone with no one else around . " The world may have never had the man who won the Cold War if it was not for the driving force of Nancy in his life . Ronald Reagan aide Michael Deaver the man who won the Cold War said that , " Without Nancy , there would have been no Governor Nancy , no President Reagan . " Ronald and Nancy Reagan met in 1949 when Ronald was Ronald Reagan of the Screen Actors Guild Ronald they married three years later . Their bond was Ronald and Nancy Reagan and a driving force behind Ronald and Nancy Reagan Reagan ’s relentless and successful political career . When Ronald Reagan was diagnosed with Alzheimer ’s in 1994 Ronald Reagan become his primary caretaker until his death in Nancy . Throughout Ronald Reagan time she remained Ronald Reagan guardian of his legacy . Tributes Nancy poured in from across the Ronald Reagan : Today our nation mourns the loss of Nancy Reagan , a the country of integrity and grace Ronald Reagan prayers are with the entire Reagan family .   —    Marco Rubio ( @marcorubio ) March 6 , 2016 ,   The official statement on Nancy Reagan ’s passing https :   .    —    Mark R. Levin ( @marklevinshow ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Nancy Reagan was an example to us all of graciousness , loyalty Nancy Reagan’s . RIP . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    John McCain ( @SenJohnMcCain ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Thank you Nancy Reagan for your service   amazing contributions during an era of bold Nancy Reagan’s political courage . pic . twitter .    —    Rep David Schweikert ( @RepDavid ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Tonette   I send our prayers to the Reagan family . Nancy Reagan had such a positive impact on so many Americans : https : Nancy Reagan’s    —    Governor Walker ( @GovWalker ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Nancy Reagan , RIP . Statement on the Passing of Mrs. # Reaganhttps :   Nancy Reagan’s —    Craig Shirley ( @CraigSBPA ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Nancy Reagan will be remembered for her deep passion for this nation and love for her Nancy Reagan’s Ronald . The Reagan family Nancy Reagan’s in our prayers .   —    Ted Nancy Reagan’s ( @tedcruz ) March 6 , 2016 ,   With the passing of Nancy Reagan , God and Ronnie have finally welcomed a choice soul home . https :   Nancy Reagan’s —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Nancy Reagan , the wife of a truly great President , was an amazing woman . She will Nancy Reagan’s !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 6 , 2016 , an amazing woman RIP Nancy Reagan and Pat Conroy . Many fond memories with the Gipper   the Great Santini .   — Nancy Reagan’s Webb ( @JimWebbUSA ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Nancy Reagan inspired us with strength   grace   we can all take comfort that she is with her sweet Nancy Reagan’s . pic . twitter .    —    us Haley ( @nikkihaley ) March Nancy Reagan’s , 2016 Nancy Reagan’s   Nancy Reagan embodied what it means to represent America as First Lady and her dignified and warm demeanor inspired America , Nancy Reagan’s    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Nancy Reagan’s statement on the passing of America Reagan . pic . twitter .    —    Lindsey Graham ( @LindseyGrahamSC ) March 6 , 2016 ,   Nancy Nancy Reagan’s who was admired by the nation , will be sorely missed . Condolences to the entire Reagan family .   —    Senator John Thune ( @SenJohnThune America 6 , 2016 ,   " Open your eyes to Nancy Reagan’s to see it in the vivid colors that God gave us . "   —    Nancy Reagan , rest in peace pic . twitter . your eyes —    Heritage Foundation ( @Heritage ) March 6 , 2016 , Nancy Reagan’s honored to work closely    Nancy Reagan on the Reagan Library . pic . twitter .    —    Steve Forbes ( @SteveForbesCEO ) March 6 , 2016 , Nancy Reagan’s Reagan passing , while sad for all Americans , serves as a timely reminder of how toxic our politics have become . We must Nancy Reagan’s   —    Jon Huntsman ( @JonHuntsman ) March 6 , 2016 ,   RIP Nancy Reagan . A rock for her husband our a wonderful representative of American grace and style .   —    Hugh Hewitt ( @hughhewitt ) Nancy Reagan’s , 2016 ,   Rest Nancy Reagan’s peace , Nancy Reagan . She touched the heart of a nation and made the world a better place . pic . twitter .    —    Kevin McCarthy Nancy Reagan’s ) March Nancy Reagan’s , 2016 ,   
 