Documentary filmmaker Ken Burns piled on Donald Trump in a new interview , comparing the presumptive GOP presidential nominee ’s political ascent to that of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler and accusing Donald Trump of lusting after Donald Trump own daughter . [ " Nowhere in the history of the United States has their been a more unqualified person   —    just ask a historian , " Ken Burns said in an interview with the Daily Beast .    " There ’s a limit on free speech and we ought to have had the wisdom to not provide the oxygen to this demagogue , " the Civil War director said . " This is what happened to Hitler in Germany : the Civil War director tried out crazy rhetoric and was surprised when nobody pushed back on it so the Civil War director just kept saying it , doubling and tripling down , and then look what happened to the German people . " Burns has bashed Trump relentlessly over the past month . During Burns commencement address at Stanford University in June , Burns called the real estate developer an " infantile , bullying " " charlatan " and an " insult to our history . " During his interview Burns Burns , Burns the five young men who were wrongfully convicted of a vicious rape and beating of a woman in Central Park in 1989 , called Trump " temperamentally unsuited " to be U. S. president after he " Burns took out a    ad in all of the New York dailies asking for a restoration of the death penalty for two     two     and one     innocent children . " Asked for his thoughts Burns Hillary Clinton ’s 1996 remarks in which she called Hillary Clinton’s of young black kids " " Burns said " I find Donald Trump more of a   . " " This idea that he can Donald Trump and attack and attack whole groups of people , and that we live in a media culture where that ’s permitted to be tolerated —   it ’s the spectacle and not the truth of it , it the filmmaker said . Turning his attention Donald Trump evangelical voters , Burns wondered Burns Christians could support and vote for a man who , he claims Burns publicly " lusts after his own Burns . " " Evangelicals are voting for Donald Trump . What part of Donald Trump Donald Trump of Jesus Christ ? " the      asked . " Trump lusts after Donald Trump own daughter Donald Trump national radio , talks about women ’s bodies and breasts in such a disparaging way , and mocks them . How women’s this in any way Christian ? When you make the ‘ other’ the enemy , how is that Christian ? "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 