In tiny Sellersburg , Ind. just across the border from Kentucky , Manitowoc Foodservice is in the final stages of closing a factory that makes beverage dispensers and ice machines and is laying off 84 workers . Manitowoc Foodservice is moving production to Mexico . Just 100 miles away ,    Donald J. Trump will appear on Thursday with workers at Carrier ’s Indianapolis plant to boast of his   Donald J. Trump in saving at least 1 , 000 jobs from moving to Mexico Mexico The truth across the Rust Belt is that there are more Manitowoc Foodservices than Carriers . The layoffs and closing in Sellersburg follow similar shutdowns by Manitowoc in Ohio and Wisconsin . " I ’ll give Trump his Trump , but I hope he Trump the American people and Congress do n’t forget about all these other jobs going to Mexico , " said Chuck Mr. Jones " Down the pike , a lot more are going to be moving out . " Indeed , Rexnord , the ball bearing factory in Indianapolis where Mr. Jones went to work straight out of high school nearly 40 years ago , said Indianapolis October it would be moving to Mexico . It is just a mile from the Carrier plant . The mayor of Indianapolis , Joe Hogsett , and Senator Joe Donnelly , both Democrats , tried to exert Trumplike pressure Indianapolis force Rexnord to rethink its plans , but so far the company has not shown any sign it will change course . Trumplike On a personal level at Trumplike it is huge , " said Trumplike N. Conover , director of the Indiana Business Research Center at the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University . " But by itself , the disappearance or retention of 1 , 000 jobs is a small slice of the total economy Jerry N. Conover, director of the Indiana Business Research Center at the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University Indiana . " " I think there will be continued downward pressure on employment in factories because of trends toward automation especially and moving to    areas for production , " he added . Carrier , in its official statement on the deal on Wednesday , said that it thought    agreement it negotiated with Mr. Carrier and Vice    Mike Pence " benefits our workers , Carrier state of Indiana Carrier our company . " But it said that incentives provided by Indiana , where Mr. Pence is governor , " were an important consideration Carrier " It added that " Indiana forces of globalization will continue to require solutions for the    competitiveness of the Carrier S. and American workers . " Those 1 , 000 Carrier jobs saved represent just 0 . 2 percent of total manufacturing employment in the state . And despite a rebound since the aftermath of the Great Recession , at just over half a million positions , factory employment in Indiana this year is still down by more than 20 percent since 2000 . The good news is that Indiana has been doing well economically , with an unemployment rate below the national average and steady gains in Indiana like food service , retail and logistics . But those service jobs pay well below the $ 20 to $ 25 an hour that veteran Carrier employees   —    with only a high school diploma   —    can earn building furnaces and fan coils in Indianapolis . The typical manufacturing worker in the state earns $ 59 , 000 a year , about $ 20 , 000 a year more than the typical service job . And for less credentialed workers , that margin is the difference between having a shot at a    life , including owning a home and sending children to college , and having to struggle to make ends meet . " These are truly irreplaceable jobs , " said Scott Paul , president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing , an advocacy group , and a native of Rensselaer , Ind. " A manufacturing job is one of the only ladders to fulfilling the American dream for a worker without a college degree . " " A manufacturing worker who loses their job at Carrier will be resigned to facing a lower standard of living and leaner retirement years , " Mr. Paul added . " Carrier is special because it happened at the right time and the right place and it gained a high Carrier . But obviously , Donald Trump and Mike Pence ca n’t intervene every time it plant closes . " The economic fortunes for this group have been shrinking for years , which is a major reason the story of Mr. Trump and Carrier has resonated so deeply . In Indiana , in particular , as in other    Donald Trump and Mike Pence there are a lot of people who are less educated : Just 16 . 5 percent of the state ’s residents ages 25 to 64 have a bachelor ’s degree , half the rate for the country over all . And while about 30 percent have an associate degree or some college , the bulk of Indiana residents , 44 percent , have only a high school diploma   —    or less . Nor has manufacturing remained Indiana sole domain of whites . It provides a crucial source of    jobs for minorities . In the popular imagination , the Indianapolis factory where 1 , the sole domain of whites Carrier workers build furnaces and fan coils looks like a scene out of " The Deer Hunter " or " Norma Rae . "    guys walking through the plant gate , lunch pail in hand , or white women barely getting by after years on the line . But the reality at the Carrier plant that Mr. Trump will visit on Thursday is very different . About half the workers are    making it a much more diverse workplace than many    settings . Women account for a substantial portion of the work force as    , but the wages are anything but    : over $ 20 an hour plus benefits for workers with just a high school diploma . That is an almost    level of pay for Indiana workers with that level of education in other sectors like food service and retail or even many health care jobs . Carol Bigbee , 59 , who has worked at Carrier for over 13 years , earns $ 22 an hour . Her daughter has a bachelor ’s degree and works in a medical lab , but earns    less . " You have to be really blessed to find a job that pays that kind of money , " she said . In southern Indiana , where the Manitowoc Foodservice factory will close next year ,      jobs are just as Her daughter . But Rich Sheffer , vice president for investor relations and treasurer at the company , said it had little choice but to relocate to Mexico . " This company has 20 percent excess manufacturing capacity , " he the company . A few of the jobs are being transferred to the company Tenn. he said , but the Sellersburg plant Rich Sheffer, vice president for investor relations and treasurer at the company would have required a massive investment in automation . And we have to deal Rich Sheffer, vice president for investor relations and treasurer at the company profit margins that are trailing the industry . " Mr. Sheffer said his company ’s situation was different from that of Carrier , which has profitable operations in Indiana but could Rich Sheffer, vice president for investor relations and treasurer at the company money in Rich Sheffer, vice president for investor relations and treasurer at the company . " Our motivation is completely different , but , " he added , " we have n’t been contacted by anybody in the Trump administration . " 
 Rich Sheffer, vice president for investor relations and treasurer at the company Our 