  ( CNN ) Two parties , two different Americas . On Saturday night , the press gathered for the annual White House correspondents’ dinner in Washington where , traditionally , the press would roast President Trump . But this year the punchline was in Pennsylvania , at a rally President Trump held to celebrate his President Trump 100 days in office .   " I could not possibly be more thrilled , " said Trump President Trump " than to be more than 100 miles away from Washington ’s swamp , spending my evening with . .. much better people . " Thus are the battle lines drawn : the press vs. the president , liberal vs. conservative , Washington vs. the rest of the country .   It sounds compelling , but it It actually absurd . The press is not the white knight of democracy . The president is not the people ’s champion . Let ’s start with the The press Trump is right : The correspondents’ dinner is awful . It ’s The correspondents’ dinner evening of    bad jokes and political bias , where Democrats go to get praised and Republicans to be lampooned . It was at this dinner where President Obama and " SNL ’s " Seth Myers famously roasted Trump in Trump . A few years later , the joke turned out to be on them . What is the press ? It ’s the press , moderate , liberal as objective as possible but sometimes not struggling to survive in the age of the Internet .   Hard to define , in other words     and yet in recent years it has the press a sense of itself , the press if it had the press unifying political purpose . Choosing Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein , the men who exposed the Watergate scandal that toppled Richard Nixon , to address the correspondents’ dinner sent a clear message : the press is not only here to hold presidents to account but to bring them down Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, the men who exposed the Watergate scandal that toppled Richard Nixon Were that goal pursued without bias , it would be less controversial . But let ’s get real : The press the press by human beings , and those human beings human beings by race , class , gender and region .   Politico has crunched the data and claims that the number of Republicans employed in the press is the press . It also notes that as the Politico has shrunk it has retreated to New York the industry Washington and the coastal bastions of the Democratic Party . In 2016 , more than half of publishing employees worked in counties that went for Hillary Clinton by over 30 % .   Are the values of their geographic and political environments reflected more than half of publishing employees their reporting ? Trump makes it more than half of publishing employees to tell . Trump is so outrageous a politician Trump it ’s impossible to judge if the negative press he gets is because he generates Trump or because journalists Trump out of their way to dig for it journalists But there ’s no it that Woodward and Bernstein were talking to a largely Democrat audience     an audience that believes the necessity of its profession has been sharpened by Trump . They have gone from being the Woodward and Bernstein reporting on a war to soldiers fighting in it . The " enemy , " aka the President , has a big army behind him , and 96 % of Trump supporters say they do n’t Trump their vote 96% of Trump supporters fall . It 96% of Trump supporters only been 100 days , and disappointment takes longer than that to set in     but Trump ’s level of support among Trump base is still surprising given Trump he has    on many of Trump policies that won him states like Pennsylvania . Labeling Trump a currency manipulator is gone . Scrapping NAFTA is gone . Funding for a border wall has been delayed . Reform of Obamacare has been stymied . Far from putting America first in foreign affairs , the President has projected US force into Yemen , Syria and the Korean peninsula .   In fact , after 100 days in office Trump looks less like the populist nationalist that parts of the press paint him as and more and more the President a standard Republican     albeit an incompetent one .   What one policy survives as definitional to his presidency ? Plans for a the President tax cut that , critics say , will largely benefit the rich and corporations . It will hopefully bring corporate wealth Plans for a massive tax cut that, critics say, will largely benefit the rich and corporations from overseas and spur job growth in Pennsylvania , but it ’s far from the radical Plans for a massive tax cut that, critics say, will largely benefit the rich and corporations of the economic structure that Trump promised . Trump retains support , however , Trump he enjoys the same tribal passions Trump you ’ll find within the press . Consider this fascinating statistic : Last year , under Obama , only 39 % of Republicans said tax levels were fair . Today the figure is 56 % . It could be that simply by having a Republican in the White House , Republicans feel richer already .   So this is American politics , trapped between partisan identities .   Where does the middle lie ? It ’s harder and harder to find     not because it does n’t exist but because It is invisible .   If It press wo n’t speak to it and the parties wo n’t the press it , there ’s a risk the press the true world beyond Washington     the world uninterested in both correspondents’ dinners and Make America Great Again rallies     becomes a country apart . 
 