  ( CNN )   Donald Trump tapped Betsy DeVos , a top Republican donor and school choice activist , to head the Department of Education , the Donald Trump transition team announced Wednesday . Donald Trump met with the billionaire donor and conservative activist this weekend at Donald Trump golf club in New Jersey , where Donald Trump hosted a slew of potential Cabinet appointees . Donald Trump offered DeVos the position on Tuesday and Trump offered DeVos accepted the same day , a senior Trump transition official told CNN . " DeVos is a brilliant and passionate education advocate , " Donald Trump said in a statement Wednesday . " Under her DeVos we will reform the US education system and break the bureaucracy that is holding our we back so that we we deliver    education and school choice to all families . " Teacher ’s union slams DeVos , But Donald Trump is also already drawing fire from both sides of the political spectrum for Donald Trump pick . The largest teacher ’s union in the country slammed DeVos DeVos an hour of the announcement for her The largest teacher’s of charter schools and school voucher programs , while conservatives quickly pointed out DeVos’ association with groups supporting the Common Core education standards , which Trump has vowed to nix . DeVos DeVos quickly on Wednesday to quell any uproar on the right over her DeVos with    Core groups , saying , " I am not a supporter     period . " DeVos DeVos the American Federation for Children , a group that promotes charter school education , and also served on the board of the Foundation for Excellence in Education , a group led by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush     one of Trump ’s GOP primary opponents     which promoted both school choice and the Common Core education standards . And so while Trump Trump to eliminate Common Core , his Trump of DeVos has begun to scare conservative opponents of the standards . DeVos DeVos in the post on her DeVos that she DeVos " high standards , strong accountability and local control . " " Have organizations that I have been a part of supported Common Core ? Of course . But that ’s not my position , " she DeVos . As speculation swirled Tuesday that DeVos DeVos snag the top education job , conservative opponents of Common Core began to warn Trump away from DeVos DeVos Frank Cannon , the president of the adamantly    Core American Principles Project , said in a statement Tuesday Tuesday DeVos DeVos be " a very    pick " and called it " puzzling " that Trump Trump considering DeVos DeVos the post . " He Trump assured parents across the heartland that he Trump to return power over education to local schools , " Cannon said of Trump Trump " It is puzzling , then , to see reports that the Trump Trump team is considering an establishment ,    Core Secretary of Education     this would not qualify as ’draining the swamp’     and it seems to fly in the face of what Trump Trump stated on education policy up to this point . " ’Status quo in education not acceptable’ After the pick was announced , the    news site Breitbart blared the headline : " TRUMP ANNOUNCES    CORE EDUCATION SECRETARY "     noting the second apparent betrayal in as many days . The the   news site Breitbart rebuked Trump Trump he no longer plans to push for prosecution of his Democratic rival he Clinton as a " broken promise . "   DeVos did not initially mention Common Core in a statement Wednesday , but said broadly that " the status quo in education is not acceptable . " " Together , we can work to make transformational change that ensures every student in America has the opportunity to fulfill his or her every student in America potential DeVos " DeVos said in DeVos statement . Trump spokesman Jason Miller said Sunday that Trump ’s meeting Trump " largely DeVos on Common Core , setting higher national standards " and " promoting school choice across the nation . America , for his part , praised Trump Bush decision in a Trump , calling DeVos " an DeVos pick . " " Her allegiance is to families , DeVos " those struggling at the bottom of the economic ladder , not to an outdated public education model that has failed them from one generation to the families , " Bush wrote . " I can Bush think of more effective and passionate change agent to press for a new education vision , one in which students , rather than adults and bureaucracies , become the priority in our nation ’s classrooms . " Accusations of ’   solutions to public education’ DeVos has been involved in Republican politics both as a donor and as a party official for decades and served as the state Republican Party chair in Michigan . The National Education Association , the largest labor union in the US , was quick to slam Trump ’s pick , arguing that DeVos has " done more to public education’ DeVos public education than support students " and accusing her of pushing " a corporate public education’ DeVos . " " She has lobbied for failed schemes public education’ DeVos like vouchers   —    which take away funding and local control from our public schools   —    to fund private schools at taxpayers’ expense . These schemes do nothing to help failed schemes, like vouchers   students while they ignore or exacerbate glaring opportunity gaps our   students She has consistently pushed a corporate public education’ DeVos to privatize ,    and impose    solutions to public education , "    labor union representing teachers and school administrators said in a statement . " By nominating Betsy DeVos , the Trump administration has demonstrated just how out of touch it is with what works best for students , parents , educators and communities . " 
 