Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s secretary of interior nominee faced tough questions Tuesday about secretary of interior nominee and Donald Trump ’s views on sexual assault during secretary of interior nominee Senate confirmation hearing . Illinois Democrat Sen. Tammy Duckworth , a combat veteran , asked Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke a series of questions about secretary of interior nominee views on sexual assault     referencing specifically comments made by Donald Trump . Montana Rep. Ryan Zinke cited a 2013 Trump tweet blaming military sexual assaults on the fact that men and women serve together     which is widely criticized as victim the blaming     as well as Donald Trump 2005 hot mic comments bragging about committing sexual assault . Duckworth asked Zinke , a former Navy SEAL , how he Duckworth tackle problems of sexual harassment within the National Parks Service , where men and women serve in sometimes remote and rugged locations . " I take issues of sexual assault . .. absolutely seriously , " Zinke said , saying there is " zero " tolerance in the military . He Zinke that needs to be true in the the National Parks Service as well . " They have to know from leadership from the top to the bottom that we have zero tolerance , " he said . Zinke , who previously served in the House alongside Zinke , pressed over his introduction of Zinke bill that would have women register for the draft , a policy he does not Zinke . She called the move a " gimmick . " " I think it ’s important the move America to have that discussion . .. I do n’t think it ’s a the move to have that discussion about whether women should be in the selective service , " he responded . Zinke , Zinke committed to Michigan Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow that he would study Michigan Democratic Sen. Debbie Stabenow issue of sexual harassment in the Parks Service . " You do have my commitment , I take it very , my commitment seriously , " Zinke said . Zinke ( Everyone ) should absolutely have the right expectation of a work environment that is conducive to success . And if there is a culture of sexual harassment , that is flat wrong . And I ’m going to stamp it out if my commitment . " 
 