  ( CNN)"Can’t a girl have a sick day or two ? "   CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour posed that very question after Hillary Clinton ’s health was thrust into the spotlight after Hillary Clinton’s wobbling departure Sunday at ground zero . Video of Hillary Clinton’s showed the Democratic presidential nominee leaving a    ceremony early , wobbling and slumping as Hillary Clinton’s entered Hillary Clinton’s vehicle . Several hours after the incident , the Hillary Clinton’s campaign revealed that Hillary Clinton’s was diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday . Hillary Clinton’s stumbles     will the Clinton campaign follow ? Amanpour on Monday addressed criticism lodged at the the Clinton campaign waiting two days to inform the public about Hillary Clinton’s pneumonia diagnosis by pneumonia out what Hillary Clinton’s said is a history of the media shielding health problems of American presidents .   " Surely this ca n’t be a case of a human being having an off day , " Amanpour said sarcastically . " No , like so many things Hillary Clinton’s the media are having a field day . Off to the races with another debilitating case of indignant outrage . This must be another typical Clinton conspiracy to fool them with a total transparency breakdown . " On the issue of a ’transparency breakdown,’ Amanpour points out the fact that Republican nominee Donald Trump has yet to release his tax returns Republican nominee Donald Trump   Donald Trump says Republican nominee Donald Trump physical last Republican nominee Donald Trump , will release ’when the numbers come in’ " When it comes to overqualified women having to try 100 times harder than underqualified men to get a break , or even a level playing field     well , we know that story . " Amanpour said . Amanpour went on to Amanpour past U. S. presidents with health incidents or problems .   " Who can ever forget George Bush senior throwing up over the Japanese prime minister and then fainting at a state dinner ? " Amanpour said . " Amanpour he oversaw the fall the Japanese prime minister the Soviet Union and even won the first Gulf War . "   Clinton campaign manager : Staff to blame for slow health disclosure , " John F. Kennedy saved the world from possible nuclear Armageddon during the Cuban Missile Crisis , called for a new frontier in space and generally inspired whole generations around the globe , " Amanpour said . " Amanpour the press kept secret his painful struggle with John F. Kennedy ’s disease     leading the world in sickness the world health . "   " If the boys can do it , why not the women . " 
 