Washington ( CNN ) In announcing the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation of Russian government efforts to influence the presidential election , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein made the move in part because of the " unique circumstances of this matter . " By choosing former FBI Director Robert Mueller to serve , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein picked an FBI veteran with broad support on both sides of the aisle and sterling reputation . the move takes Justice Department leadership out of the equation and clears the way for Mueller former FBI Director Robert Mueller have the resources to conduct the investigation .   The code of federal regulations provides that the attorney general will appoint a special counsel when the the attorney general determines that criminal investigation is warranted and that an investigation by the Justice Department present a conflict of interest ’or other extraordinary circumstance’ and that ’under the circumstances it would be in the public interest to appoint an outside special counsel . "   Because of the recusal of Attorney General Jeff Sessions , a campaign ally of President Donald Trump , the decision to name Mueller was made by Rosenstein .   Muller , however is not strictly independent . Rosenstein will still maintain the Rosenstein to fire Mueller . " The special Mueller will have all of the powers of a federal prosecutor , but he will do his work Rosenstein of the Rosenstein chain of command in the Justice Department , " said Brian C. Kalt , a Kalt is important , " because it is otherwise problematic to have the government investigating itself . " In his statement , Kalt noted that Mueller will be able to " the government the facts , Kalt the law Kalt reach a Kalt result , " which means the investigation could expand .   Indeed , the Justice Department order announcing the appointment makes clear that the special counsel is authorized to conduct an investigation including " any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation and any other matters within the scope " of the special prosecutor rules . " Critics of the special counsel will worry that the investigation could mushroom , much like the Whitewater investigation the special counsel Bill Clinton ’s the investigation lying about Monica Lewinsky , " said CNN contributor Steve Vladeck of the University of Texas School of Law . " But supporters will surely argue that the benefits of impartiality out weight any such costs . "    The appointment may also affect any congressional investigations . It is likely to take some pressure off of congressional Republicans who can now point to the special counsel The appointment the only investigation that matters .   While congressional investigations could continue in parallel , Kalt said , Congress is likely to back off some to allow Mueller to do his job . " Robert Mueller is not one of the best , he is the best , " Kalt Philip Mudd CNN Mueller analyst . " There is nobody better at Mueller pursuing a target without succumbing to pressure . " 
 