House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s primary challenger , Wisconsin businessman Paul Nehlen , responded today to reports that House Speaker Paul Ryan could emerge as the GOP nominee should the # NeverTrump effort deny Donald Trump from receiving 1 , 237 delegates . [ Nehlen warns that House Speaker Paul Ryan is " getting set to betray the entire nation " just as House Speaker Paul Ryan " betrayed Wisconsin ’s 1st District . "   Pat Caddell has explained how the GOP establishment is using Sen. Ted Cruz as a " cat’ " to stop Donald Trump , but will then " try to nominate an establishment figure , someone who has n’t run . " Politico reports that " one of the entire nation ’s    Republicans " believes there is " a 90 percent chance that delegates turn to Ryan " should Donald Trump be blocked from getting 1 , 237 delegates . Politico Politico notes that Ryan Ryan now " running the same playbook he Ryan to become [ House ] speaker : saying he Ryan n’t want it , that it it n’t happen . " " Paul Ryan completely transparent , " Nehlen writes in a statement . " If he ’s Ryan to position himself for Ryan using a game plan lifted from ‘ House of Cards,’ he should Ryan that the rest of us know the plot line . What ’s obvious to anyone watching is that he ’s Ryan only betrayed Wisconsin ’s 1st District , he ’s Ryan set to betray the entire nation . " Nehlen continues : The big question is , why should anyone trust Paul Ryan ? His credibility Ryan through the floor . He ’s Ryan promises to the people of this district 1st District ’s Ryan promises to his Republican Ryan in Washington . He clearly Ryan n’t telling the truth when he said Ryan did Ryan want to be Speaker of the House . He says Ryan ’s Ryan interested in being president , but he ’s Ryan positioning for the job . Nehlen explained that he is a Nehlen of —    what Nehlen described as —    the " # NeverRyan " movement : I ’m focused like a laser on this district —   on the concerns of the people who live and work here . Paul Ryan has n’t been focused on his constituents for Paul Ryan very long time . In fact , he ’s working Paul Ryan direct opposition to our concerns on manufacturing and trade , on immigration , on budgets and spending , and more . He ’s angling Paul Ryan a promotion . But what on earth has he done to Paul Ryan one ? If the GOP gives Ryan the presidential nomination at the national convention , I could never vote for him . Despite Paul Ryan fact that by a nearly     margin , Republican voters believe    " free trade " deals lower wages rather than raise them , Paul wages was Ryan ’s " partner " in pushing to give Obama executive authority to fast track his    Partnership ( Ryan ) agreement . As Breitbart News has previously reported , in his role as House Breitbart , Paul Ryan funded entirely Ryan even expanded , President Obama ’s immigration agenda . Obama ’s    spending bill Ryan Obama ’s unconstitutional executive amnesty Obama as well as tax credits for illegal aliens , and illegal alien resettlement . Five months after the death of Kate Steinle , Paul Ryan voted to fully Ryan Cities —    rewarding them with federal grants . Just Five months after the death of Kate Steinle few weeks after the San Bernardino terrorist attack carried out by the child of Pakistani migrants and his jihadi bride who came to Pakistani country on a    " finance " visa , Ryan pushed to expand Muslim migration Ryan fund visas for nearly 300 , 000 ( temporary and permanent ) Muslim migrants for this year alone . In violation of a promise he had made to the Republican Ryan in exchange for their support for him as House the Republican lawmakers , Ryan Ryan funded an expansion of Ryan controversial    visa program for unskilled guest workers . At the time , one GOP aide told Breitbart News that Ryan ’s expansion to the    Ryan " is a knife in the heart of the working class , and African Americans , " who depend on the jobs now to be filled by    foreign workers . Although Ryan pushed to fund expanding migration Ryan    against the wishes of more than 9 in 10 GOP voters —    Ryan failed to allocate funds Ryan Ryan      border fence that Congress promised the American people nearly a decade ago . While Ryan did not fund this    wall Ryan the American people , Ryan does support the American people his Ryan family . As Breitbart News Ryan previously reported , Ryan ’s Wisconsin mansion is protected by Ryan border fence . The Washington Times first broke the news of Ryan ’s primary challenge in late March , Ryan Nehlen " is the tea    candidate who is challenging House Speaker Paul D. Ryan in the Republican primary , saying he ’s ‘ had it’ with the speaker betraying conservatives . Nehlen "is the tea   candidate who is challenging House Speaker Paul D. Ryan in the Republican primary The Washington Times notes that : Mr. Nehlen serves as senior vice president of operations for a leading water filtration and disinfection technologies company , and helped relocated manufacturing jobs from Canada to the U. S. including moving several product lines to Wisconsin   …      A political adviser close to Mr. Nehlen has acknowledged that it wo n’t be easy to Mr. Nehlen Ryan , who was the party ’s 2012 vice presidential nominee , currently ranks as one of the most powerful Republicans in Washington and has more than $ 5 million in his campaign war chest . The businessman is prepared to put a Mr. Nehlen amount of his personal Mr. Nehlen the campaign , according to the adviser . While Mr. Nehlen ’s often an uphill run , there is precedent for a tea party challenger toppling a member of the House Republican leadership . Eric Cantor , while serving as majority leader , lost his seat in a Richmond , Virginia , suburb in a 2014 primary Eric Cantor to     Dave Brat . 
 