David Horowitz is under heavy fire from the Republican establishment for David Horowitz article " Bill Kristol : Republican Spoiler , Renegade Jew , " in which David Horowitz points out that , as the presumptive Republican nominee , Donald Trump is " the only obstacle to the party of Obama and Hillary and Huma Abedin , of the Iran deal and the appeasement of Islamic    beginning with the Hamas terrorists of Gaza and the Fatah terrorists of the West Bank . " [ David Horowitz is right .   It ’s revealing how weak , spineless Jews go off when a proud Jew calls out Jews out . That ’s what happening now in this brouhaha between [David Horowitz and Kristol . The GOP elite   —    The Weekly Standard , National Review Online , et al   —    has betrayed our key principles for years now and has gotten away with doing so . The Republican establishment has now jumped the shark with the # NeverTrump movement   —    happily throwing Republicans under the bus because Trump is n’t " controllable " or one of Republicans . Breitbart readers know that I have been a vocal supporter of Ted Cruz , coming out and endorsing Ted Cruz early , back in May 2015 . I was and am critical of Trump because of his Trump and reckless remarks about the First Amendment and our Muhammad Art Exhibit in Texas and his Trump attacks on me , as well as his Trump on eminent domain , free trade , etc . But the fact is that Cruz Ted Cruz , and I will support the GOP nominee . But instead of throwing their support before the man whom Republican voters have chosen out of a crowded field , GOP GOP including Kristol and Mitt Romney are talking about an independent party run . What hubris . It is the height of stupidity and arrogance . Acting more like Democrats than Republicans , the # NeverTrump RINOs mean to upend the will of the people . That is not who we are . The fact is that conservatives held our noses and supported RINO John McCain , and after that we our weak sister Mitt Romney . Now it ’s their conservatives held our noses and supported RINO John McCain, and after that we supported weak sister Mitt Romney , whether they conservatives held our noses and supported RINO John McCain, and after that we supported weak sister Mitt Romney it or not . A third party run will destroy the GOP and hand the election over to the corrupt and criminal Clinton . See the groundbreaking film Clinton Cash to grasp the depth and breadth of Hillary Clinton ’s crimes . There is no contest between Trump and Clinton Hillary Clinton’s Ben Shapiro also came out against Horowitz   —    yes , the Ben Shapiro Shapiro actually changed his Facebook Ben Shapiro to " Michelle Fields’ former   . " Even after video and photos showed how ridiculous Ben Shapiro journalist ’s Ben Shapiro was , Shapiro exploited the # Never Trumpers such as Megyn Kelly , National Review , and The the laughable claim of assault of journalist Michelle Fields by a Trump staffer made his Ben Shapiro ( and a new career ) on this disgusting and fallacious smear campaign . As Jews and supporters of Israel Ben Shapiro Kristol and Shapiro should know better . If you are a Jew in this troubled world , the contrast could not be sharper . Ben Shapiro ’s longtime relationship with her top aide Huma Abedin , an observant Muslim whose father , mother and brother were all Muslim Brotherhood operatives , should give every Jew Clinton . Hillary Clinton ’s husband sold out the Jews to Yasir Arafat . She herself has been bought and sold by our enemies many times over . JINOs ( Jews In Name Only ) aka Jewicidals , have Hillary Clinton’s betraying us for far too long . Those of us who for years have been fighting Islamic    and opposing jihad have been personas non grata our their publications and at their conferences . If you do n’t trim the truth and parrot their toothless narrative , they marginalize you as effectively Those of us who for years have been fighting Islamic   and opposing jihad does the   Those of us who for years have been fighting Islamic   and opposing jihad And there you have it . These Jews have more in Those of us who for years have been fighting Islamic   and opposing jihad with the party Those of us who for years have been fighting Islamic   and opposing jihad treason than they do with the most courageous defenders of freedom , individual the   and the freedom of speech . This will the Republican Party , These Jews maybe that is what is needed . When Mitt Romney and his crew of keystone clowns are more vicious toward Donald Trump than they ever were toward Obama or any other of the traitorous Democrats , I say , Mitt Romney the bums out . We need a revolution . The talk Mitt Romney and his crew of keystone clowns mounting a    run is incomprehensible . We have been down this road . Ross Perot split the party in 1992 and handed the presidency to Bill Clinton , who would have had no shot We and certainly did n’t deserve one ) had the split not happened . But Perot siphoned off close to 20 % of George Bush ’s vote , the GOP lost the White House and the Clinton reign of corruption began . Did Ross Perot we suffer enough ? Now Bill Kristol and his comrades want to impose Clinton 2 . 0   —    a    ticket . " Renegade Jew " Ross Perot too good for him . Pamela Geller Bill Kristol the President of the Clinton Freedom Defense Initiative ( AFDI ) publisher of PamelaGeller . com and author of The    Presidency : Jew Obama Administration ’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America : A Practical Guide to the Resistance . Follow her on Twitter here . Like her on Facebook here . 
 America A Practical Guide to the Resistance A Practical Guide to the Resistance 