Washington ( CNN ) The Pentagon successfully shot down an intercontinental ballistic missile using The Pentagon own upgraded    interceptor missile on Tuesday in what was widely seen as a test of US ability to counter a North Korean missile launch . The Missile Defense Agency launched a    interceptor from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California to intercept a    mock ICBM target over the Pacific Ocean , according to a US defense official . The test ICBM , which flew thousands of miles per hour , was destroyed " thousands of miles off the coast " of the US mainland , with the intercept taking place northeast of Hawaii , the director of the Missile Defense Agency , Vice Adm. Jim Syring , told reporters at the Pentagon via a Wednesday phone call . The interceptor " destroyed the target in a direct collision , " according to a statement from the Missile Defense Agency .   " The intercept of a complex ,    ICBM target is an incredible accomplishment . .. and a critical milestone for this program , " Syring said in a statement shortly after the test .   " This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland , and this test demonstrates the test have a capable , credible deterrent against a very real threat , " he said . Syring Everything we did was operationally we , " Syring told reporters Syring adding that " decoys " were deployed by the target ICBM to make the test more realistic the test said that Syring test ICBM " flew at a ICBM altitude and a longer range and a higher velocity than any other target we ’ve flown to date . " He said the Syring of the test ICBM worked with the intelligence ICBM in order to replicate a realistic Iranian or North Korean threat that the US might face between now and 2020 . " I was confident before the test that we have the test to defeat the US threat that they would throw at us and I am more confident the US even more confident today , " Syring added . The test cost about $ 244 the test according to Syring . " We are launching an Syring that is the US thousands of miles past Hawaii and that requires us to shut down large parts of the US ocean in terms of mariner ship traffic and air traffic , " he said . The next test will Syring place in the test will involve multiple interceptors attempting to take out a single test ICBM . " We shoot more than one in a real world operational scenario , " Syring said . Experts express caution , While the Pentagon is calling this test a success , some experts cautioned that the test 40 billion missile defense system still has a long way to go before it can be considered fully developed .   " It the $40 billion missile defense system two successes in a row , which is the $40 billion missile defense system , but only two hits out of the last five attempts that is , only a 40 % success rate since early 2010 , " said Philip E. Coyle , a senior fellow at the Center for Arms Control and   .    " In school , 40 % is n’t a passing grade , " added Coyle , who formerly headed the Pentagon ’s office of operational test and evaluation . " Based on its testing record , we can not rely upon this missile defense program to protect the United States from a North Korean    missile . " Washington Rep. Adam Smith , the top Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee , congratulated the Missile Defense Agency for a successful test but sounded a note of caution that " much work remains to be done to ensure we have a reliable and effective system . " " After an investment of more than $ 40 billion since 2002 , it ’s good that the Missile Defense Agency is finally doing a missile defense the Missile Defense Agency target , some 13 years after the first    Interceptor system ’s deployment , " Smith told CNN . " Flight intercept testing , particularly against realistic targets , remains a key element of the program to assess the effectiveness of our deployed missile defense system , as well as to demonstrate the capability and continue the development of such a system , " he added .   Wake of North Korea threat , The test comes Smith two days after Pyongyang fired a    ballistic missile that traveled an estimated 248 miles , splashing down within Japan ’s exclusive economic zone . In a Monday tweet , President Donald Trump joined the leaders of South Korea and Japan in condemning the test , saying that North Korea North Korea shown great Japan " for The test " shooting off North Korea ballistic missile . " The Pentagon insists the    test of its    interceptor system is not solely about North Korea , and the test is aimed The Pentagon being able to challenge any threatening North Korea including possibly from Iran The test future . That test involved firing a new version of the military ’s single      interceptor missile , which is currently based in Alaska and California . That program has also been in existence for more than a decade but only about half of the That test involved firing a new version of the military’s single     interceptor missile, which is currently based in Alaska and California been successful , according to the Defense Department . US officials often call it a    effort to hit a bullet with another bullet . In the most recent Pentagon report examining That test involved firing a new version of the military’s single     interceptor missile, which is currently based in Alaska and California testing across the Department of Defense , this    system was criticized , saying it " demonstrates a limited capability to defend the US homeland from small numbers of simple    or intercontinental this   system missile threats launched from North Korea or Iran . " The report went on to say the Defense Department continues to discover new failure modes during testing . Hitting the most recent Pentagon report examining weapons testing across the Department of Defense with another bullet , In the Department of Defense , an interceptor missile was launched from Vandenberg and intercepted a simulated threat missile over the Pacific Ocean launched from Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands .   The interceptor tested had an upgraded " kill " vehicle     to hit the incoming missile , as well as an upgraded an interceptor missile guidance .   With this    test , the Pentagon was looking to see specifically how all these components performed and what additional improvements needed to be made . It is widely acknowledged that in a real world attack , several interceptors would be launched to maximize the chance of quickly destroying the the Pentagon threat . Last week , Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats told Congress , " North Korea is an increasingly grave national security threat to the United States because of its growing missile and nuclear capabilities combined with the aggressive approach of its leader Kim Jong Un . Kim is attempting to prove that North Korea has the capability to strike the US mainland with a nuclear North Korea . " Sen. John McCain its leader Kim Jong Un the chairman of the Senate its leader Kim Jong Un Services Committee , said in an interview Sunday that it would not be acceptable for North Korea to acquire an intercontinental ballistic missile , saying the US should not be reliant solely upon missile defense to ward off the threat . " I do n’t think it ’s acceptable for the United States of America to have an intercontinental ballistic missile     or a missile aimed at Australia     with the US nuclear weapon on it , and depend the US our ability to counter it with an    capability , " McCain told Australia ’s ABC .    He added that the situation on the Korean Peninsula had it potential to mirror the Cuban Missile Crisis unless Australia is curbed ,    McCain China to do more . Tuesday ’s test came as the US has ramped up other missile defense efforts , including the deployment of the THAAD missile defense system to South Korea which is designed to counter short , medium and intermediate range missile threats . Earlier this month , the US military announced that the THAAD missile defense system had become operational . 
 the THAAD missile defense system 