CLEVELAND   —    Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump ran virtually parallel campaigns on Monday as CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump geared up for the final stretch of the presidential race . CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump made nice with the news media by opening up CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump campaign plane and chatting with reporters . CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump followed suit , inviting a smaller group of reporters onto her campaign plane and answering questions during the    flight . CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump took along CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump running mate , and so did CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump , as both focused on Ohio and nearly crossed paths in Cleveland . Their both focused on Ohio and nearly crossed paths in Cleveland all but passed each other , and all four candidates’ planes ended up on the tarmac at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport at the same time . CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump moved on several fronts on Monday to confront nagging doubts about her CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump , despite her CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump lead in many    polls . Courting labor supporters , she CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump with union leaders in Cleveland while her CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump , Bill Clinton , appeared at a Labor Day parade in Detroit . Seeking the backing of progressive voters , she CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump her CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , who made his first solo appearance on Mrs. Clinton ’s behalf at a rally in New Hampshire . And her CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump to reporters included her CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump extensive     session with them in her outreach to reporters . She CLEVELAND  —   Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump alarm " about the credible reports about Russian government interference in our elections " through hacking , saying , " We ’ve our had a foreign adversarial power be already involved in our electoral our . " Not to be outdone , Mr. Trump used his airborne Mr. Trump with reporters to clarify his views Mr. Trump immigration , saying he opposed Mr. Trump path to citizenship for the 11 million immigrants in the country illegally . But he did Mr. Trump explicitly rule out a    path to legal status if the nation ’s immigration system is overhauled . " We ’re going to make that decision into the future , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump But , he added , Mr. Trump to become a citizen , you are going to have to go out and come back in through the process . You ’re going to have to go out and get in line . This is n’t touchback . You have to get in line . " On the plane , Mr. Trump also Mr. Trump that , " as of this moment , " he planned to attend Mr. Trump three debates , and that only a " natural disaster " could make him change his mind Mr. Trump He Mr. Trump that , Mr. Trump he was preparing , Mr. Trump was not holding Mr. Trump debate sessions . Labor Day is traditionally the beginning of a    sprint to Election Day , in which candidates try to seize voters’ attention as summer fades and debates loom . Monday was no exception . The visits to Ohio by Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton   —    along with their respective running mates , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana and Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia   —    highlighted the importance of a state that Republicans believe Mr. Trump must win to have any shot of reaching the White House . " Labor Day comes , and it ’s kind of Labor Day a recalibration , " said Beth Myers , who managed Mitt Romney ’s 2008 presidential campaign and served as his senior adviser in 2012 . " You see the finish line , you see that there ’s not too many    events left , and most campaigns take a measure of where you are on Labor Day . " Labor Day , however , both candidates have eschewed traditional campaigning , albeit in divergent ways . Normally , they would already have been both candidates each other in swing states . But Mrs. Clinton has spent most of the summer away from the campaign trail , focusing on    in places like the Hamptons and Beverly Hills with celebrities like Jimmy Buffett and Harvey Weinstein . Mr. Trump has also kept a languid pace , favoring large rallies , often in the evening , over several daily stops . Mr. Trump , a political novice , and Mrs. Clinton , a veteran politician , are confronting historically low approval ratings among voters for whom they are    commodities . Mrs. Clinton, a veteran politician Labor Day used to be this big , important marker in the campaign season , " said Amy Walter , the national editor at the nonpartisan Cook Political Report . " A kickoff , if you will . Today , it feels like the start of the third quarter instead of the kickoff . " " The candidates are    the ads have been running for months and TVs have been saturated with talking heads , " she added . Mr. Trump    to burnish his image as a statesman Mr. Trump week with a hastily arranged trip to Mexico City . He has also tried to Mr. Trump his outreach to minorities , Mr. Trump a promised " softening " on immigration that concluded with a fiery , nativist speech in Phoenix , to a stop at a black church in Detroit . That approach was also on display on Monday . At a diner in Cleveland , Mr. Trump met Maria Hernandez , a    who said she was supporting him . "   supports Mr. Trump , " he said Mr. Trump " It Mr. Trump so nice . " Then he turned to the nearby Mr. Trump to emphasize his focus group of one Mr. Trump " Make a note of it , guys , " he said . Earlier , Mr. Trump to a dozen white men and a lone white woman at an American Legion post here , Mr. Trump criticized China ’s Mr. Trump President Obama : When the president landed in Hangzhou for President Obama of 20 summit meeting , the host country forced him to China plane ’s belly . President Obama Trump said he would not Mr. Trump off the Mr. Trump , but instead would have urged his crew the plane get out of Mr. Trump . " Mrs. Clinton ’s appearance in Cleveland was meant as a show of labor support during a campaign in which many     union members were drawn to Mr. Sanders ’s promise to take on income inequality . At a Labor Day festival here , she and Mr. Kaine were joined by the A. F. L. Mrs. Clinton I. O. ’s president , Richard L. Trumka Lee Saunders , the president of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees and Randi Weingarten , the president of the American Federation of Teachers , one of the first unions to endorse Mrs. Clinton . Mrs. Clinton ’s surrogates were also out in force . In Mrs. Clinton Mr. Kaine and the man he hopes to succeed , Vice President Joseph R. Biden Mr. Trump the city ’s Labor Day parade . Mr. Kaine assailed Mr. Trump for refusing to release his tax returns , then turned the stage over to Mr. Biden . " My name is Mr. Kaine Biden , and I work for Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. hell this guy ’s name is Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. he said . Mr. Sanders , at a rally in Lebanon , My name Clinton for supporting a host of this guy’s positions . this guy’s would hope and ask you all , very much , Hillary Clinton have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president , " he said . " But two days after the election , we have got to continue Hillary Clinton . " Addressing an issue that has this guy’s the campaign , Mr. Clinton defended the Clinton Foundation . we he criticized Mr. Trump over his own foundation , referring to a Washington Post report that Hillary Clinton his charitable organization paid the Internal Revenue Hillary Clinton a $ 2 , 500 Mr. Trump after improperly giving a political contribution to a campaign group with ties Mr. Trump the attorney general of Florida , Pam Bondi . Mr. Trump discussed the issue in his talk with reporters aboard his plane . He denied any impropriety on Ms. Bondi the Mr. Trump , 000 donation . At Mr. Trump time of the donation Mr. Trump 2013 , Mr. Trump Bondi was considering whether to Mr. Trump Trump University for fraud . In Ms. Bondi not do so . " I never spoke to her , first of all , she ’s a fine person beyond reproach Ms. Bondi he said when asked about the controversy . " I never even spoke to her Ms. Bondi it at all . She ’s a fine person . Ms. Bondi spoken to her about it Ms. Bondi Never . " Many attorneys general besides Ms. Bondi , he said , decided against pursuing any action regarding Trump University . Ms. Bondi I the controversy win that case Ms. Bondi court , " he said . " Many Ms. Bondi that the controversy . " " I never spoke to her , " he Many attorneys general besides Ms. Bondi , again referring to Ms. Bondi . When asked what he expected to get out of the donation , he would Many attorneys general besides Ms. Bondi say : " I ’ve just known Pam Bondi for years . I have Ms. Bondi lot of Many attorneys general besides Ms. Bondi for her . Never spoke Ms. Bondi about that at all Many attorneys general besides Ms. Bondi I just have a lot the donation in 2013 for her Many attorneys general besides Ms. Bondi and she ’s very popular . " 
 Ms. Bondi Ms. Bondi Ms. Bondi Ms. Bondi Ms. Bondi 