’      Donald Trump continued Donald Trump screed against an    election recount effort in Wisconsin in an      tweetstorm that continued into Sunday morning . ’ ’    In a series of tweets early Sunday , Donald Trump predicted that nothing    would come of a recount in Wisconsin initiated by Green    Party presidential candidate Jill Stein and .   ’ ’    " Hillary Clinton conceded the election when Hillary Clinton called me just    prior to the victory speech and after the results were in .    Nothing will change , " Donald Trump wrote . ’ ’    Donald Trump continued by quoting an answer from Hillary Clinton during a    presidential debate : ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tHillary’ ’s debate answer on delay : " That is horrifying . That is not the way our democracy works . Been around for 240 years . We’’ve had free    ’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tand fair elections . our ’ve accepted the outcomes when our may not have liked We’’ve had free   ’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tand fair elections , and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a   ’t’t " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tduring a general election . I , for one , am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind    ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tof position . " Then , separately she stated , " He said something truly horrifying . .. He refused to say that He would respect the results of    ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tthis election . That is a direct threat to our democracy . " she then said , " We have to accept the results and look to the future , Donald    ’t’t’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tTrump is going to be our President . our owe him an open mind and the chance to lead . " So much time and money will be spent    same result ! Sad’t’t’ ’    Since winning the presidency earlier this month , Trump has made    almost no public appearances and has not yet held a press    conference . Yet the    has largely maintained Trump    prolific Twitter habits . ’ "    Since Clinton ’s lawyers announced Saturday that the campaign will    participate in a recount , Trump has repeatedly taken to Twitter    to   for    participating in a recount . " "    For its Trump , the campaign said it would the campaign    in Stein ’s recount in Wisconsin and would follow if similar steps    are taken in Pennsylvania and Michigan . But campaign officials    have tamped down expectations that the recount could Stein’s recount in Wisconsin    results of the election . " ’    In a post on Medium on Saturday , Clinton campaign general counsel    Marc Elias wrote that because of a lack of " actionable evidence "    of foul play , the campaign was not planning on initiating a    recount on its own . He the campaign the campaign Marc Elias Stein’ the campaign    in order to ensure the results were " fair to all sides . " ’ ’    " The campaign is grateful to the campaign who have expended time and    effort to investigate various claims of abnormalities and    irregularities , " Elias wrote    ’ ’    He added : " Marc Elias that effort has not , in our view , resulted in    evidence of manipulation of results    now that a recount is    underway , we believe we have an obligation our the our than 64    million Americans who cast ballots for Hillary Clinton to    participate in ongoing proceedings to ensure that an accurate    vote count will be reported . " ’ 
 