Washington ( CNN ) Government watchdog groups have a filed a complaint alleging that the Donald Trump campaign broke federal election laws when a fundraising solicitation went to several foreign email addresses . Two groups , Campaign Legal Center and Democracy 21 , who work to combat the influence of big money in politics , announced Two groups, Campaign Legal Center and Democracy 21, who work to combat the influence of big money in politics would be filing a complaint alleging that the Donald Trump campaign broke federal election laws when a fundraising solicitation went to several foreign email addresses on Wednesday . In the filing , the groups argue that a fundraising Two groups, Campaign Legal Center and Democracy 21, who work to combat the influence of big money in politics Trump ’s campaign this month went Donald Trump dozens " of politicians from Iceland , Scotland , Australia and Britain , as noted by media and tweets , with email addresses ending in foreign domains including " . uk " and " . is . " Road to 270 : The 2016 Electoral Map , Campaign donations from foreign nationals are prohibited by federal election law , and the groups claim that Trump emailing obviously foreign addresses also is a violation .   " Donald Trump should have known better , " Trump Ryan , CLC deputy executive director , said in a statement . " It is a    that it violates the law to send fundraising emails to It of a foreign government on their official foreign government email accounts , and yet fundraising emails that ’s exactly what Trump has done repeatedly . " The Trump campaign Trump not respond to a request for Trump on the complaint . FEC spokesman Christian Hilland said the commission can not comment on candidates or hypothetical The Trump campaign , adding that federal law prohibits the release of information on complaints before the commission . RELATED : Trump slams globalization in economic The Trump campaign Federal law prohibits donations from foreign nationals to campaigns . " It is also unlawful to help foreign nationals violate that ban or to solicit , receive or accept contributions or donations from them , " says FEC guidance . But former FEC Chairman foreign nationals counsel to the Republican National Committee Michael Toner , a CNN delegate analyst , said that while the law prohibits soliciting donations from foreigners , there is also Federal law safe harbor " for campaigns .    " The key is for the campaign to not knowingly solicit contributions from foreign nationals and to exercise due diligence in reviewing solicitation lists and examining contributions when they are received to confirm that they are lawful , " Toner solicitation lists CNN . One way campaigns solicitation lists demonstrate due diligence is by getting a copy of a donor ’s passport photo if the donation comes from foreign bank accounts .    " All this being said , if a campaign inadvertently solicits contributions from a few foreign nationals and refunds any foreign national contributions that are brought to its attention , I do n’t believe the FEC would take any being action against the campaign , " Toner said . 
 