   Michael Ian Black has teamed up with the children ’s division of publisher Simon   Schuster to release A Child ’s First Book of Trump , a parody children ’s picture book that will explore the " curious creature " that is the GOP presidential frontrunner .   According to its Amazon page , the    book   —    authored by Black and illustrated by Marc Rosenthal   —    is intended for adults , even though its will reportedly be published by Simon   Schuster ’s Books for Young Readers imprint . " The Trump is a curious creature , very often spotted in the wild , but confounding to our youngest citizens . A business mogul , reality TV host , and now   …     political candidate ? " the book ’s synopsis reads . " Kids ( and let ’s be honest many adults ) might have difficulty discerning just what this thing that ’s been dominating news coverage this election cycle is . Could he actually be real ? Are those   …     words coming out of he mouth ? Why are he hands so tiny ? And perhaps most importantly , what on earth do you do when you encounter an American Trump ? " In a statement released through the book’s publisher , Black played up the children’   humor the book the book’s draw on . " Yes , Trumps are wild and unpredictable creatures , but with a little knowledge , I hope everybody can learn to appreciate the Trump for an American Trump , absurd creature it is , " Black said in a Black , according to the New York Post . The book ’s the book’s also includes a short excerpt of the kind of humor readers can expect : " The beasty is called an American Trump . Its skin is bright orange The beasty its figure is plump . The beasty fur so complex you The beasty get enveloped . Its hands though are , The beasty , underdeveloped . " The     Wet Hot American Summer star has used his trademark snark to skewer ( mostly Republican ) presidential candidates this election cycle . After Trump won the New Hampshire an American Trump in February , Black took to Twitter to poll followers on whether they thought    Marco Rubio followers perform a sex act on Trump to secure the vice an American Trump slot .   Black also came under fire Black social media in November for politicizing the Paris terror attacks while the attacks were still underway the Paris terror attacks Child ’s First Book of Trump is due out July an American Trump .    have begun on Amazon . 
 