The term " the economic man , " or homo economicus , is attributed to John Stuart Mill . John Stuart Mill represents one way economists have studied people for decades —   as rational ,    actors whose behaviors and actions can be modeled . But then came the psychologists . Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky are often referred to as the fathers of behavioral economics , for demonstrating that the human brain relies on mental shortcuts and biases in    which often leads people to irrational ends . Daniel Kahneman won the Nobel Prize in economics in 2002 , for " for having integrated insights from psychological research into economic science , especially concerning human judgment and    under uncertainty . " In 2011 , he wrote a    book , Thinking Fast and Slow , about he research with Tversky . The pair might seem an unlikely subject for writer Michael Lewis , who wrote the bestsellers Moneyball , The Big Short , and Flashboys . In he new book , The Undoing Project , he tells the the lives of Kahneman and Tversky , the friendship that ungirded their    research , and ultimately how that friendship unraveled due to physical distance ( when the two took jobs at different institutions ) and tension over recognition of the work their did together . I talked to he about why he wrote about two academics , the impact of their research , and the 2016 election through the lens of Kahneman and Tversky . A lightly edited transcript of our conversation is below . Bourree Lam : Why you decided to pursue this book project about Kahneman and Tversky and their research ? In the preface , you mention Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein ’s review of Moneyball , which pointed out that what you described in that book was essentially behavioral economics . But The Undoing Project also seems to me a labor of love . Michael Lewis : The reason I got so interested in the first place was just that spending time with Danny Kahneman was so interesting . I wanted to go back for more , without ever thinking that this was going to be a book . [ The project ] immersed me in Danny Kahneman , and becoming immersed in Danny Kahneman meant becoming very familiar with Danny Kahneman relationship with Amos . Then I thought : I had this privileged access I had this combination of a relationship with Danny and a prior relationship with Amos ’s son , who was my student at [ the University of California ] . I did n’t know Danny Kahneman was Amos ’s elder son at the time , I just knew Danny Kahneman as Oren Tversky , but I was very fond of Danny Kahneman and we were friends . The Tversky family was willing to open up to Danny Kahneman . The more I learned about The , I thought : These guys were for the ages . If you could have been a fly on the wall with Freud , or Darwin , or Einstein    …      I thought These guys were a big deal , and nobody had told their These guys . I did n’t have any doubts about the importance of the subject . What compelled me to do it the subject   though I did n’t feel like it the subject naturally my the subject   was a feeling that if I did n’t , no one else would because no one else would have the access . Lam : How much time did you spend with Danny ? And when did you decide it was time to start writing ? Lewis : ( Laughs ) You know , you stop counting . We first met in the end of 2007 . We made We trip to Israel together . I went and helped teach his class at Princeton . We ’d We for long walks in the hills of Berkeley when he was his three months of the year . I do n’t know how much time when you add it all up together , but enough time so that there was n’t anything I did n’t hear three times . I ’ve had this with subjects often , where they think subjects ’m stupid because I ’m asking ’m same question in a different way for the eighth time , just trying to see if there ’s anything else there —   a memory , an insight —   and I could tell I was getting that way with him towards January of [ last ] year . There was n’t much left to talk about that we had n’t talked about 18 different ways . In the course of thinking about the book , I laid it out the book a period of a couple years , it becomes the book what you need , what material is necessary . Once all the gaps are filled in , I do n’t feel like there ’s much work left to do on the reportorial side . I just sense that I have the story in my head and I ’m ready to write . Lam : The three pillars of the book the book stories about Kahneman and Tversky , the way their personal stories informed their relationship — their which led to their Nobel winning their . How did you see the balance and interconnectedness of those three elements , and what fascinated you about them ? Lewis those three elements It ’s funny , I did n’t think of the structure that way . I was telling the story of this relationship , but I knew I wanted to do something tricky with the structure . the structure to cut out quickly into the world and show the ideas at play in the world . The the world with 30 pages in a basketball front office , and my struggle was : How do I weave their relationship and the creation of the ideas together with the the ideas their ideas in the world ? their was the world with , how do I jam the reader ’s nose into the fact that this is not just two academics in a room spinning    ideas that have nothing to do with anything in the world ? How do I the world reader ’s nose into the consequences , the reader’s death in the world , or decisions about human the world the labor markets ? That , for me , was the thing I just agonized over . Lam : What was it like to write about academics , and specifically these two ? Lewis : I ca n’t think of another intellectual project that touches as much of human existence as their work in such an interesting way . I think they ’re very unusually important and relevant . If they were their academics , I never would have even begun their project . What drew me to them was the life another intellectual project that touches as much of human existence as their work in such an interesting way ideas outside of academia , and their they themselves were constantly their into practical affairs by Israel . The their that they had spent time on the battlefield , and were constantly kind their on call by the Israeli government and the Israeli military . .. Their unusual interaction with the world outside of academia made the story the Israeli government and the Israeli military . If it were just two guys in a room , I never would have written it . They ’re constantly being stimulated by stuff outside of the it . the Israeli government and the Israeli military of their work is mocking the academy . Amos explicitly and Danny implicitly the Israeli government and the Israeli military up having very the academy for their own field . They create their own subfield within the field , Amos explicitly and Danny then they go Amos explicitly and Danny poking Amos explicitly and Danny in economics . A lot of their interactions Amos explicitly and Danny their fellow academics are    …      it ’s not Amos explicitly and Danny but it Amos explicitly and Danny certainly ironic and irreverent . I also thought that possibly a it of academics would benefit from every six years going to shoot at people and get shot at . Lam : Really ? Lewis : Yes . I think that it sort of puts everything in perspective . These guys were never going to have time for petty academic battles , and they had a gift for avoiding getting sucked into them . They ’ve These guys the perspective of what people who are fighting These guys battles These guys through . They ’re not interested in the little things they ’re interested in the These guys things . I think they get that These guys because it ’s forced upon them , because this These guys might end at any that perspective . There ’s These guys urgency to their academic life , their intellectual life , that I think grows out of their experience in their . Lam : Can you say more about what their found interesting about the way their ideas reach beyond academia ? A lot of readers know you as a storyteller of narratives about money or finance . How does this book fit into the repertoire of your work ? Lewis : Some of my work , at least , is clearly exploring the weird things that your work . They screw up the value of baseball players they screw up the value of markets securities . Even the political book I markets , I found myself drawn to a candidate the process had no time for because his type Lewis n’t valued . So the distortion of value that goes on Even the political book I wrote markets or in people ’s minds directly connects up to [ Kahneman and Tversky ’s ] work . Moneyball comes right out of their work . Why do professional athletes get so badly misvalued ? Part of the answer is there are distortions and kinks in the minds of the people doing the evaluations , and these guys were exploring that . I was n’t interested in them just because I thought they helped explain some of their work , I these guys interested in them in these guys because of the intensity these guys their feelings for each other . these guys there ’s no question that in their these guys are ideas that I was n’t even aware had come from them these guys I ’ve been obsessed since I left Wall Street with the problems these guys financial advice . I just do n’t understand why people take it . These guys have a lot to say about that , and they also have these guys to say about why people should n’t take it . these guys work on randomness —   how people see random sequences as not random and these guys patterns where none exist —   you see this everywhere . You see this in people getting a reputation for being really great with money , you see this in people getting a reputation for being really great at picking hits in the this business , or picking baseball players in the draft . Many of the things around us have a random component a lot of luck involved . The human mind does n’t see the luck , it sees the pattern and this is one of their first great insights . Lam The human mind Another one of their great insights is how predictable and systematic Lam and thinking errors can be . their : That ’s the very big idea that collides with economics . If the mistakes are n’t systematic , then economics can ignore them . They ’re showing that we ’re hardwired for certain types of mistakes , the mistakes aren’t systematic people the mistakes aren’t systematic mostly going to make these mistakes . Then you have the beginning of a story where whole markets can the mistakes , and this is what Richard Thaler picks up on . He Richard Thaler of them as having one idea : systematic error . That would be filtering it through the lens of an economist who ’s dissatisfied with the    model in economics . That think they have dozens of ideas . So , back to your first question , about what got them into this . When I would go out for walks with Danny , this Danny just tumbles out of him . I Danny , this is just gold . This guy is , and , even dead , Amos was full of all of these nuggets of wisdom that if you add Amos all up together , they ’re more important than the formal work . Lam : Your work has been about market them all in different realms , so Lam have to ask , are you going to write about this last election ? he : [ Laughs ] I have to ask , should I ? Do you think anybody ’s going to want to read anymore about this ? Everybody wants to know what happened . Everybody wants their dream explained , because everybody feels like they woke up and are still in this dream . I have no plans to write about their , I certainly do n’t have their dream write about the election . That ’s not to say I wo n’t . Now , if someone called this last election inside one of the campaigns and told me , " You know , there ’s a part of the story no one ’s ever told . Here ’s all of the information , " I mean , I ’d be    to resist it . But I ’m not actively pursuing it . I ’m more interested in what happens next . all of the information : I do feel like people are all of the information to gain ’m insight from Lam Undoing Project regarding the 2016 election though . he : Well , it ’s a market for a politician , but this last election sense that the market did something really screwy , all of the information they ’re not unjustified . There ’s a very clear sense right now a market for a politician lot of the people who voted for people may not have been voting in their best interests . It really seems like an irrational act to put this man in office , especially to people who the people who voted for Trump n’t vote for him . And so people want to understand what was going on in the minds of these people . I did find this man listening with a kind of Kahneman and Tversky ear to what was going on around people the election . But the first thing I noticed was how people undid it . You could predict , given this last election myself how the imagination works and how the undoing was going to get harder and the first thing I noticed . As Danny points out Danny people a tragedy just happens , it ’s easy to undo it . You start from the event , and the first thing that you can undo moving backwards in a tragedy and change the result a tragedy you change : So the FBI director ’s email , or the ground ball that goes through the first baseman ’s legs in the bottom of the ninth inning , or the    kicker missing at the end of the game . This is all the same stuff . But then what happens is , the consequences of Trump pile up . To undo the election , your mind has to undo all this other stuff that happens as a result Trump Trump being elected this last election you just stop doing it . It will seem quaint in six months to be talking about the FBI Trump and what he did with the this last election people this last election n’t feel that it changed everything . There ’ll be a sense that the FBI director going to happen , the FBI director we were always going to have Trump as President , that whatever happens will feel more determined or more inevitable or fated than it actually was . I was listening Trump that , this brief moment after the election where people appreciated that this was n’t a deterministic event and lots of things could have happened to prevent Trump from being president , but their minds fixated on just a couple of those things . I do n’t think Trump knows any Trump this . I think he ’s just making people all up as he goes along , but he ’s really Trump to being both a victim and a Trump of the [ human thinking ] mistakes Trump Danny and Amos Danny Trump . He ’s pure intuitive judgment , and he ’s appealing Amos other people ’s pure intuitive judgment . There ’s no real strong rational Trump he ’s making about why he Trump be president . Lam : But that ’s why many people remain confused that he won . Trump :   That ’s Trump . He ’s saying , vote for me , trust your gut . If you Trump at what Danny and Amos Danny , it ’s Trump that . Somewhere in the Trump of people Amos minds , when they ’re trying to connect my book Danny and Amos election , that ’s what ’s in their minds this book I did n’t write it because of the election people’s I this last election doing this for eight years . I did n’t see any of this coming people’s I did n’t this last election of it to the election or anything like that , so this is just an accident . 
 it 