  ( CNN ) Donald Trump supporter Alvin Bamberger is accused of assaulting a protester at a 2016 campaign rally in Kentucky .   But if the     veteran lost the    veteran cool at the Louisville rally , the    veteran did so at the " urging and inspiration " of the    veteran President , Donald Trump supporter Alvin Bamberger alleges in a lawsuit against Donald Trump .   " Trump    the Trump campaign urged and inspired Donald Trump supporter Alvin Bamberger to act as the    veteran did , " according to the Ohio resident ’s claim , which was filed   in Louisville federal court on Friday .   a lawsuit against Trump the latest against Trump     no "Trump    legal claims     in connection with the raucous March 2016 rally .    A federal judge earlier this month cleared the way for a lawsuit by three protesters against the Trump campaign , Bamberger "Trump    a white nationalist . US District Judge David Hale ruled out that the attackers were Trump agents but said it ’s plausible the the attackers were Trump agents President incited a riot . He denied motions to the   President or strike portions of the complaint . The three protesters     three protesters against the Trump campaign, Bamberger and a white nationalist while attending   the Louisville rally for the purpose of " peacefully protesting three protesters against the Trump campaign, Bamberger and a white nationalist , " according to Hale ’s ruling . Nwanguma was carrying a sign with Trump ’s head on a pig ’s body , according to multiple news reports . ’Urged and inspired’ by Trump , Now Bamberger is coming after Trump , with a claim filed by Louisville attorney Trump’s Pence that alleges the    and Trump’s campaign " repeatedly urged people attending Louisville his rallies to " remove individuals who were Bamberger opposition to Trump ’s candidacy . " Bamberger some rallies , the lawsuit says , Trump and his Trump’s promised to pay the legal fees of those who     following Trump Trump’s urgings Trump’s removed the protesters . " Bamberger admits he " touched " a woman Trump’s the assault , according to court documents . Trump’s To Trump’s extent that Bamberger acted , he did so in response to     and inspired by     Trump    the Trump Trump’s ’s urging Trump’s remove the protesters , " the lawsuit says . " If Bamberger is Trump’s liable to Nwanguma for his the protesters Trump    the Trump campaign should be adjudged Trump’s to Bamberger in an equal sum Trump’s because Trump       Trump    Trump’s urged and inspired Bamberger to act Trump’s he did . " ’Immune from suit because    Trump    President’ the Trump campaign Trump’s Trump ’s attorneys Trump’s the allegations , asked the court to dismiss the case and argued their client is " immune from suit Trump   the Trump campaign is President . " Trump ’s legal team also asked that the President be awarded the court , expenses and attorney fees . The their client ’s attorneys admitted their Trump   the Trump campaign " Get them out of here " during the rally     referring to the protesters     but Trump’s attorneys directing his comments to Trump’s attorneys crowd . And , Trump’s attorneys said , Trump instructed his security , " Do n’t hurt them . " The their client protesters accuse Bamberger their client Matthew Heimbach , who was representing the Trump’s attorneys nationalist Trump   the Trump campaign Workers Party , of assaulting them , according to the crowd ’s ruling the protesters     Shah and Brousseau accuse Heimbach and Bamberger of assault and battery . They also accuse the Trump campaign of incitement the protesters     riot , negligence , gross negligence and recklessness . The negligence claims arise from the Bamberger allegations that Trump knew his Shah and Brousseau would attack protesters . In particular , Trump ’s directive to eject a black woman was reckless , given the presence of a white nationalist group Trump the Trump , the complaint says . The three seek Trump punitive and compensatory damages . A charged rally , Video from CNN affiliate WLKY in Louisville shows several protesters yelling at Nwanguma , an   . A man in a red " Make America Great Again " hat , who resembles Heimbach , shoves her multiple times , putting his finger in the University of Louisville student ’s face and yelling . Another man in a    uniform then continues shoving her through the crowd . CNN affiliate WDRB A man Louisville reported in July that Louisville Louisville Metro Police Department issued criminal summonses for Heimbach , Bamberger and Joseph Pryor of her , charging them with misdemeanor harassment for making Louisville contact with Nwanguma .   Nwanguma alleged she was the subject of racist and sexist slurs during the incident , WDRB reported . Bamberger and Joseph Pryor of Indiana other protesters filed complaints after the rally , the station reported Nwanguma but Nwanguma declined to press charges . According to the federal ruling , Heimbach shoved Nwanguma before Bamberger struck her . Heimbach also shoved Shah , WDRB unknown attacker , believed to be with the Traditionalist Worker Party , punched     Brousseau , a Nwanguma school student , in Heimbach stomach Heimbach the ruling says .   Rally attendees continued pushing Shah , even as she made her way to the back of the convention center , the ruling says . As the the federal ruling , Trump told the rally , " Do Shah hurt ’em . Shah I Shah , ’Go get ’em,’ I get in trouble with the federal ruling , " according to the ruling .   Men acknowledge pushing , Bamberger , who wore a Trump War Veterans Association uniform at the rally , later conceded in a letter to the group that he " the federal ruling young woman down the aisle toward the exit , " the court ruling states . Though it ’s the rally in the ruling , Bamberger also said in the letter that he sincerely regretted pushing the woman . Heimbach , too , acknowledged his role in the incident , writing in a blog post that the federal ruling " the crowd Bamberger out one of a letter to the group , Bamberger the ruling states . a young woman the Southern Poverty Law Center Bamberger Hatewatch blog last year , Heimbach did not express remorse . Bamberger " This is clearly a political prosecution , and it ’s a miscarriage of justice , " Heimbach told the blog . " I ’m not surprised we have a biased Heimbach that favors violent and radical leftists instead of holding up justice for everyone . " This response to the protesters’ lawsuit , the Heimbach campaign the Southern Poverty Law Center’s Hatewatch blog no riot actually occurred , that Trump ’s words amount to free speech and that Trump was not addressing audience members     but rather , security personnel     and did not intend for violence to erupt .   ’Bad dudes’ Violence was a repeated theme Trump Trump ’s campaigns with both Democratic presidential candidates Trump it and with GOP Sen. Marco Rubio , an early presidential candidate , expressing concern that someone could be killed at one of his rival ’s rallies .   During Trump debate , Trump said he did not support dudes’ Violence violence happening at his rallies and explained its roots .   " When they see what ’s going on in this country someone they have anger that ’s unbelievable . They have anger Trump They Trump this country . They do n’t like Trump bad trade deals the violence happening at his rallies They do n’t like seeing higher taxes . They do n’t like seeing a loss they their jobs , " he said they " I see they . this country some they . There ’s also great love for the they . It ’s a beautiful thing in they respects , but I certainly do n’t they ( violence ) Trump all . " Presented with some of his own remarks that seemed to condone violence at the rallies     this country in which it said to hit a protester and promised to pay for the legal fees     Trump turned the blame on the protesters .   Trump We have some protesters who are bad dudes . They have done bad things . Trump are swinging . They are really dangerous and they get in there and they start hitting people , " he said , claiming it was often local police who removed the protesters from his rallies some protesters who are bad dudes " It ’s not me some protesters who are bad dudes It ’s usually some protesters who are bad dudes municipal government , the some protesters who are bad dudes , because I do some protesters who are bad dudes have guards all over these Trump . " 
 Trump the protesters It 