’   ’ ’      Donald Trump is   for secretary of    state , NBC News reported on Saturday .   ’ ’    NBC’ ’s Andrea Mitchell , citing sources , said that Tillerson will    be officially nominated sometime next week , " barring some    unforeseen change of mind by the   . "   ’ ’    Tillerson recently rose as one of the top contenders for    secretary of state , and Tillerson reported nomination comes on the    heels of former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani taking former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani out    of consideration for the position . Other top contenders were    former military officer David Petraeus and former presidential    candidate and Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney .   ’ ’    Though the Trump team has not yet confirmed that the Trump team has selected    Tillerson for secretary of state , the Trump team potential    nomination as the primary conduit between the United States    and foreign governments is raising concerns among some ,    particularly because of    connections to the Russian government    and Putin .   ’ "    Tillerson , who has no previous government experience or    experience working as a diplomat , has ties to Russia that go back    nearly two decades . Tillerson met Putin in 1999 ,   when Tillerson first represented    Exxon ’s interests in Russia while it Russia under Boris Yeltsin ’s    leadership .   " ’’ "    Tillerson , while Tillerson Exxon , has also worked with    Rosneft , a major Russian    corporation , since the 1990s ,    when they first collaborated    the    project in    Russia ’s    East . Since then , the project has the   project in    in    furthering Exxon    and Rosneft ’s oil interests . " ’    In 2011 , Tillerson   for Exxon with Rosneft , Exxon gave Exxon    access to Exxon in the Arctic . In return , Rosneft received    stakes in Rosneft number of Exxon projects within the US Exxon That deal    eventually tanked , however , when Russia invaded Crimea and stoked    tensions with Ukraine ,    the US to impose sanctions the US Russia . Tillerson   citing Russia Russia    collateral damage " the sanctions caused . ’ "    Tillerson holds a $ 151 million Tillerson   Exxon stock ,    according to securities filings reviewed by the    Street    Journal , and the value of that stock would increase if US    sanctions Exxon stock were lifted . The Journal notes Russia as    secretary of state the Wall Street   Journal Tillerson would need    to address would be his holdings in Exxon . He would likely need       divest his interests in    company based on    State       ’s ethics Exxon Chase Untermeyer , a former US    Ambassador to Qatar , told the Journal .   " ’    " ’ "    Nonetheless , Tillerson has remained the primary branch between    Exxon and the Kremlin . Under Tillerson ’s wing , Exxon ’s holdings    in Russia outpaced its holdings in the   Exxon , Bloomberg reported .    And   Exxon Russia strongarmed foreign investors into giving up    their oil interests Russia a particularly lucrative territory under    Russian foreign investors , Exxon ’s interests remained untouched .   " ’    " [ Tillerson ]    ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 