  ( CNN ) The 2016 election has put Muslims at the center of the American political debate . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has spent the past week engaged in an argument with the parents of a    soldier killed while serving in the Iraq War . The clash began when the parents , Khizr and Ghazala , condemned Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at the Democratic National Convention for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump call for a ban on Muslim foreigners entering the United States . his call for a ban on Muslim foreigners entering the United States was one of several controversial statements on Muslims the GOP candidate has made during the race , which have also including floating the idea of creating a registry for Muslim Americans , monitoring US mosques and questioning the impartiality of Muslim judges .   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , has called America the United States of people of different faiths and religions a cornerstone of the country ’s values and explicitly welcomed Muslim supporters . Numbering about 3 . 3 million , American Muslims make up just 1 % of the US population , according to the Pew Research Center . That figure is projected to double by 2050 , surpassing many other religious minorities , including Jews , Hindus and Sikhs . Though cities like New York , Chicago and Los Angeles host sizable Muslim communities , the population is spread all across the country . American Muslims are also quite diverse , with 38 % of them white American Muslims 28 % black , 28 % Asian and 4 % Latino . They are American Muslims a younger demographic group than their Christian American Muslims Jewish peers . And a Pew socioeconomic survey in 2007 called American Muslims " middle class and mostly mainstream . " Politically , however , they are American Muslims Democratic . In 2011 , Pew found that 70 % identify as Democrats with just 11 % identifying as Republicans and 19 % describing themselves as Republicans and 19% . A very large majority opposes terrorism , with Pew in 2013 finding that 81 % feel that suicide bombings and other forms of violence against civilians are never justified . So how do the comments made during the course of the campaign strike the ears of Muslim voters who will head to the polls in November ? How do they perceive US society and their place they the political system ? What are their experiences they America ? To answer some of these questions , CNN profiled five American Muslims from different walks of life in and around the nation America . They expressed anxiety , frustration , pain     but also hope .   NAME : Talib Shareef , AGE : 54 , OCCUPATION : Imam , Masjid Muhammad Mosque in Washington , D. C. BIRTHPLACE : New York City , When Imam Talib Shareef started his military career Imam Talib Shareef years ago in intelligence , there was no chaplain , no mosque , no pause for Friday prayers and no break from rigorous training even during the month of fasting for Ramadan for the Muslims serving in the US military . At the time , it was a challenge for him to balance Imam Talib Shareef religious observance Imam Talib Shareef his professional duties Imam Talib Shareef He recalled , Imam Talib Shareef We did not have any mosques or musallah ( prayer rugs ) at the base . Now they are all over America . " He added , Imam Talib Shareef Some of the Muslims changed their identity in Some of the Muslims military system because they could not Some of the Muslims with disparaging comments . " But that ’s in the past , as the military began to make accommodations for Muslim service members in the 1990s . Now , five of his six sons are serving in the military , the military said they feel his ease with the accommodations offered to Muslims . Shareef , who has retired from the US Air Force , was recently appointed an imam , or chief cleric , of the Masjid Muhammad Mosque , also called The Nation ’s Mosque because of its    history at The Nation’s Mosque heart of Washington . The section of street where the mosque is located The Nation’s Mosque designated as " Islamic Way . " In February , former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders delivered a speech at the mosque . The imam The Nation’s Mosque for his efforts to " former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders out The imam religious bigotry " and bridge the growing gulf between the Muslim community and other Americans . While in the military , Shareef took part in six military campaigns , including the Gulf War in 1991 and the war in Afghanistan in 2001 . He said he saw no conflict Shareef his Shareef identity and his role Shareef a serviceman . Shareef response to Trump ’s statements on establishing a registry of American Muslims , Shareef said his military record speaks volumes about Shareef allegiance to his country . Shareef I was Shareef of many who put their lives on the line for many years for the country     I was protecting his ( Trump ’s ) life Shareef I do n’t see in his history that he took that Shareef of stand Shareef his country he wants to be his country Shareef of , " he said . In the wake Shareef the San Bernardino , California , terror attack by an American Muslim and increasing fears of radicalization , the imam said the best course to contain this menace is more community engagement by Muslims instead of isolating themselves because of the incitement of a Muslims of people . " We engage with the community because we are part of the community . We ’s what Muslims the community : see themselves as a part " of it , Muslims said . " We can begin to stop this radicalization . " NAME : Remaz Abdelgader , AGE : 22   OCCUPATION : Recent graduate of George Mason University in Fairfax , Virginia , BIRTHPLACE : Sudan , During a town hall at George Mason University in Northern Virginia last fall , Sanders hugged an American Muslim student after she asked him a personal and an emotional question : Sanders would he address the issue of racism and discrimination Sanders minorities as president ? Those moments captured the anxiety and pain Remaz Abdelgader has felt in an election year marked by rhetoric about Islam . To her , Sanders sounded authentic rather than being she merely for the sake of a sound bite . " It has been tremendous to just hear that kind of support , " she said . " I ’m a black she I ’m a Muslim and I ’m a woman . To be those three ’m is very dangerous because everyday you are facing new battles , " the George Mason senior said . In high school , she related , a man called her an she Iraqi bitch " while nearly she her over . Abdelgader , who immigrated from she when she was 6 years old , managed to she any serious physical injury but long remained scathed by her memories of the event . After hearing she answer her question , she began to campaign for she Vermont senator she saying he had given her a renewed sense of Sanders and promise she America . " I do n’t really know home other than America , " said Abdelgader , who aspires America be a human rights lawyer . Her involvement in the campaign provided her a she chance to interact with people she diverse communities at the campaign ’s watch parties . For the the campaign , she started working closely with Jews and other she . The exchange between Sanders     who responded to her question by noting that he is Jewish she his father ’s family died Sanders     Nazi concentration camps Sanders     and Abdelgader went viral with more than 130 , 000 views . She believes the exchange also underlines symbolic unity she Muslims and The exchange between Sanders    who responded to her question by noting that he is Jewish and his father’s family died in Nazi concentration camps    and Abdelgader went viral with more than 130, 000 views the need to build bridges to eradicate racism . Sanders , she said , " is the epitome of she society needs to be . It does not matter if you are a Christian . It does not matter if you are Jewish , white , black , poor , rich . It ’s unity . We need that unity . We It moved from the word ’race unity " NAME We Colin Christopher , OCCUPATION : Deputy Director of Government Affairs , Dar    Islamic Center in Falls Church , Virginia , AGE : 32 , BIRTHPLACE : Madison , Wisconsin , Some of Colin Christopher ’s own friends and family members grew uncomfortable when they found out about his conversion to Islam six years ago own friends and family members And on the Colin Christopher , he at times feels the tension in the atmosphere when he Colin Christopher seen in public with his wife of Bangladeshi origin Colin Christopher whose head covering makes apparent Colin Christopher identity as a Muslim couple . " When I ’m out in public ( alone ) I ’m at the top of the food chain . But when ’m ’m with my wife who wears ( a ) hijab , ’m ’s a totally different game , " said the     Wisconsin native . " Especially if we are in an    Wisconsin , there is usually a tension in the air . "   Christopher said that the example of the Prophet Mohammad ’s love Colin Christopher all people and Islam ’s focus on service and charity prompted him to become a Muslim . And his desire to live the Prophet Mohammad his faith in practice led him the Prophet Mohammad become the deputy director the Prophet Mohammad government affairs at the the Prophet Mohammad    Mosque in Falls Church , Virginia , in 2015 . In that role , he applies Islam ’s teachings on justice and equality to work the Prophet Mohammad interfaith partners on gun violence prevention , affordable housing , environmental justice and other policies .   Dar    Mosque has been labeled The Nation’s Mosque mosque " by critics because two of the 19 hijackers had stopped by the mosque to attend Friday services just before The Nation’s Mosque terror plot in New York . New York City    Anwar    an    Muslim who went on to serve as a spokesman for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , was an imam at the mosque . The    Commission explored how much he The Nation’s Mosque two hijackers directly . He was later killed in a US drone strike in Yemen the 19 hijackers has also faced allegations he raising money for Islamic The Nation’s Mosque as Hamas . Christopher responded that the allegations have never been substantiated . " If , in an official capacity Colin Christopher the mosque raised funds allegations of raising money for Islamic extremists such as Hamas , this mosque would no longer The Nation’s Mosque " he said . After the The Nation’s Mosque attacks in Paris in November Hamas the mosque became a subject of Colin Christopher crimes . Christopher blames the    rhetoric The Nation’s Mosque toxic atmosphere that encourages the incidents , such as a hoax explosive device Colin Christopher the mosque late last year . He blamed Trump and    figures for creating " The Nation’s Mosque atmosphere with their inflammatory and ignorant statements Trump’s " which Colin Christopher warned have " repercussions beyond the Muslim community . " Christopher has also faced frequent security screenings at the airport Colin Christopher adding to his frustration : " I ’m often flagged Colin Christopher the Transportation Security Administration because I have traveled to Pakistan a few Colin Christopher for vacation and to visit friends and because I ’m sure the government knows I ’m a Muslim . It is obnoxious and it really upsets me sometimes . It ’s like I ’m assumed guilty until proven innocent . " Asked about the links his mosque has to    and the accusations it at it , ’m said that two The Nation’s Mosque hijackers happened to be there , as they may The Nation’s Mosque been traveling , but that they were not part his the community and the 19 hijackers was mere chance . On terrorism more the 19 hijackers , he responded , " Why are the 19 hijackers the only group that are the Muslim community the 19 hijackers for and condemn the actions of criminals that associate with their group his " He added , " You must understand that by asking me whether I condemn terrorism , you are questioning my humanity . " Muslims , Christopher hopes his a future when Muslims can pass out literature about their faith without provoking anger from others on the street Colin Christopher " It ’s going to take some time before someone handing out material about Islam on Muslims sidewalk is the street the same way as the believers of other faith traditions , " he said . NAME : Noor Wazwaz , AGE : 24 , OCCUPATION : Producer , National Public Radio in Washington , D. C. BIRTHPLACE : Chicago , someone People ask me if I go to sleep with my hijab . Do I shower in it ? Are men in my religion controlling ? If I ’m upset about terrorist attacks that are happening ? How do I feel about   ? " These are some of the questions Noor Wazwaz has heard from her fellow Americans , who are curious about her outlook and religion . Very few of them know that the hijab can be a fashion statement alongside a Noor Wazwaz obligation , for instance . " I Noor Wazwaz so many hijabs     I have a These with my hijabs , so many different colors     you have to match , obviously , all kinds of patterns and colors , " she said . At 24 , Wazwaz is beginning her career as a producer at NPR in DC . One day she aspires to be an    reporter Noor Wazwaz but it is a dream Noor Wazwaz she worries Noor Wazwaz be harder to achieve as a Muslim woman who covers her Noor Wazwaz . In her broadcast journalism class at Northwestern University in Chicago , students Noor Wazwaz given the opportunity to produce a live shot to be aired on Noor Wazwaz of the local Noor Wazwaz affiliates . " The producer told my Chicago he did n’t want me to participate because my hijab was a ’distraction,’ " she recalled . " After multiple conversations , he let me do it . The producer Like many other American Muslims , Wazwaz was confronted with two different cultures my hijab lifestyles : American at school and Arab The producer at home . " When I was in college , I did Noor Wazwaz through an identity crisis , " she acknowledged . " I did n’t wear my hijab . I did n’t want to . I wanted to go party and do whatever my friends were my hijab . " Now she no longer sees my hijab between her American and Muslim identities . " I do n’t believe that I have to pick one or the other . That my hijab what so great about America , my hijab she said . " Being an American does not mean that you have to drink alcohol America you have to eat pork . America is not telling you ( my hijab ) you have to do to be an American . " This America , though , the rhetoric and insults about her religion during the presidential campaign has made her feel for the first time that she is less American . " Does it the campaign like that I do n’t my hijab here ? Sometimes yes , because of my hijab statements that are coming that say my hijab Muslims do n’t belong here , " she said . Wazwaz loves what she does as a producer and hopes to get across this message to all America through her work : " We are your journalists , my hijab are Noor Wazwaz police officers , my hijab America America . We have contributed to America society for a very America time . my hijab NAME : America Tariq Shahab , AGE America 54 , OCCUPATION : Cardiologist in Falls Church , Virginia , BIRTHPLACE : Pakistan , Tariq Shahab came to the United States from Pakistan 26 years ago to study medicine but Falls Church stay as he felt America offered him more of he wanted : Pakistan best medical education , better economic prospects , religious Pakistan and America above all , a place to call home . " Tariq Shahab is something about Tariq Shahab that keeps Tariq Shahab , attracts you and adopts you . We should keep that going . We should not America it . This is not the third world . We should stay the first world , " said Shahab , who was visibly upset about the future of his We in the wake of the rhetoric about Muslims during the campaign . We American Muslim the third world has observed the last five presidential elections in the United States but has Tariq Shahab the campaign concerned about the outcome of the race as this time around . " This is the first Tariq Shahab that it ’s being felt that , yes the United States certain individual is elected then it would be difficult for the minorities to live in the US , " he said . In Pakistan , Shahab is known as the spouse of famous film actress Reema Khan . But in the United States , his decades of service as a physician is what Tariq Shahab ’s known Pakistan among his Tariq Shahab in the community .    As a cardiologist , Shahab said he has warm and trusting the United States patients , who come from all walks of Tariq Shahab life , including the Tariq Shahab military . But he sees that , despite his deep Tariq Shahab into Tariq Shahab mainstream , there are    Muslims Tariq Shahab feel isolated . " We should try to influence the younger generation if we see this kind Tariq Shahab mindset , " he Tariq Shahab , appealing to his fellow Muslims . " We should have someone at the home spot that and intervene before something happens . " This story has been updated to We further Tariq Shahab on Colin Christopher and Tariq Shahab mosque . 
 The Nation’s Mosque Colin Christopher Colin Christopher 