’   ’ "    A declassified version of a US intelligence     on Russian hacking did not state whether the Kremlin ’s campaign    to discredit Hillary Clinton affected the outcome of the    election . " ’    Yet    Donald Trump   after Donald Trump   meeting with    intelligence officials that " there was absolutely no effect on    the outcome of the   election . " ’ ’    " While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people    are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure    of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations    including the Democrat [ sic ] National Committee , there was    absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the    fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting       , " Trump said in the statement . ’ ’    But the report , from the Office of the Director of National    Intelligence , specifically stated that it the report not    assess " the impact that Russian activities had on the    outcome of the 2016 election . " ’ ’    " The US Intelligence Community is charged with monitoring and    assessing the intentions , capabilities , and actions of foreign    actors ; it The US Intelligence Community not analyze US political processes or US public    opinion , " the report stated . ’ ’’ ’    The the report US intelligence efforts to determine    who is responsible for hacks of the Democratic National Committee    and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta , as well as a general    " influence campaign " on the election . ’ ’    " We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence    campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election , " the    report stated . " Russia’ ’s goals were to undermine public faith in    the US democratic process , denigrate Secretary Clinton , and harm    her electability Secretary Clinton potential presidency . " ’ ’    The report the   report that Russia aimed to help Trump win the    election . ’ ’    " Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference    for    Trump , " the report stated the   report ’ ’    It continued : " the   report and the Russian Putin and the Russian Government Trump’ the Russian Government when possible by    discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her    unfavorably to him . " The report stated Secretary Clinton    and FBI Secretary Clinton    high confidence in this judgment and the NSA has moderate    confidence . ’ "    A spokesperson for Trump did    immediately respond to a request    for comment on how Trump reached the conclusion in his statement . " 
 Trump Trump 