There ’s been a lot of    lately over Donald Trump ’s tweet about Heidi Cruz , in which Donald Trump compared a flattering picture of Donald Trump own wife to a particularly    snap of Heidi Cruz ’s . Critics say Donald Trump attack on Heidi ’s looks was    and uncalled for . [ They ’re wrong .   " @Don_Vito_08 : " A picture is worth a thousand words " @realDonaldTrump # LyingTed # NeverCruz @MELANIATRUMP pic . twitter . "   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 24 , 2016 ,   The first point to be made is that Trump did Donald Trump start the   . Make America Awesome , a    PAC founded by the mannish Liz Mair , started circulating a particularly raunchy image of Melania Trump , urging GOP primary voters to back Cruz . While Cruz did Cruz authorise the ad himself , it was the ad himself by many of his supporters . As always , the super PACs acted like a ninja assassins for its candidate the super PACs " It was n’t me , your honour   —    it was those dastardly , nefarious PACs ! " Feminists call this sort of behaviour   . I call it   . I ’m really not sure what ’s achieved by pointing out that your opponent has an attractive wife . Is n’t that a sign of success ? Indeed Melania is n’t just a great beauty : she ’s Melania herself to Melania eloquent and willing to speak up about immigration , and she is Melania only    ( sorry Jeb ) spouse to have gone through legal immigration , unless you count Ted Cruz himself of course . Is there any reason to attack her looks Melania besides the jealousy of women who apparently have neither looks nor brains ? Trump ’s critics have accused him of Trump     in his response Trump   Surely , say his critics ’s critics a rival ’s wife for being too ugly is simply crass , classless , and rude . I agree . It ’s all of those things . But that ’s a good thing . For decades , politics has been a competition of grievance . Politicians and activists win public sympathy by pretending to be hurt and offended . Those who are the most convincingly wounded win the day   —    and it ’s the left , the masters of    who tend to beat the competition . Trump ’s crass tweets and objectionable comments may not be comfortable reading for    conservatives who appreciate decency and good manners , but they are helping   conservatives who appreciate decency and good manners break the language codes that were primarily set up by the left , for the left . the left destroying Trump notions of what ’s acceptable and unacceptable to say , and the primary losers of his new paradigm Trump be    and establishment types . If Republicans learn anything from the unbelievable failure of Mitt Romney ’s 2012 campaign , it should be that " presidential " and " nice " do n’t go together .   Is n’t it strange that elections follow the same rules as dating ? Nice guys finish last .   Republicans typically reject the " everybody gets a trophy " mentality that has invaded our culture , but Republicans you insist , we can add up Republicans the attractiveness quotient of Cruz ’s wife and all of his alleged mistresses and compare the total with Melania . That ought to at least earn him a participation trophy his Trump is n’t just changing politics , he ’s changing culture Trump The grievance wars have created a daily reality of fear for people who fall foul of the    even when the offense is unintentional . When actor Drake Bell cracked a joke about calling Caitlyn Jenner " Bruce , " he faced an internet actor Drake Bell of people who were offended on Jenner ’s behalf and Caitlyn Jenner forced to apologise . Taking offense is a sort of   . If you ’re offended , especially on behalf of an allegedly " marginalized " group , it signals you ’re especially on behalf of an allegedly "marginalized" group part of the educated , progressive elite . This , from people who ’ve never read a book outside 2 years of a Gender Studies degree . This is the consensus that ’s prevailed in politics and culture for more than a generation . There are only two significant forces that are putting up a fight against it : the anonymous pranksters of the internet , who reside on websites like 4chan and 8chan and delight in deliberately offending people , and Donald Trump . Because Trump ’s campaign is Donald Trump    he has leeway to be Donald Trump total asshole on the public stage . He does n’t have to Donald Trump about what polite society thinks of him , because unlike the Donald Trump candidates , he is n’t thinking about Donald Trump next fundraising dinner in D. C. This has given him the unique ability to Donald Trump our culture ’s stifling language codes with a sledgehammer . In the process , he ’s certainly lowering the Donald Trump   —    but it badly needs to be the tone   . Only by totally ignoring people ’s feelings can we end the left ’s culture of grievance , offense , and victimhood .   It ’s what I ’ve been doing for years , and it ’s what Trump is It doing on the national stage . Sure , the rudeness is uncomfortable to decent conservatives who appreciate good manners and a civil tongue . But if we really want to beat we left , we need left crassness we A few Trump about Heidi Cruz is a small price to pay to end a    of grievance culture . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook , or write to him at milo@breitbart . com . Android Milo Yiannopoulos can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . 
 Android users 