Washington ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions tried to have Attorney General Jeff Sessions cake and eat his cake too when his cake came to Attorney General Jeff Sessions explanations during congressional testimony Tuesday for the firing of FBI Director James Comey . On the one hand , Sessions did n’t feel like Attorney General Jeff Sessions needed to stay in the Oval Office on February 14 when President Trump said President Trump wanted to speak privately with FBI Director James Comey . And President Trump did n’t feel the need to do anything following a meeting the two men had in the days that followed in which FBI Director James Comey expressed FBI Director James Comey discomfort with these     conversations with President Trump . Sessions’ justification in both instances was that FBI Director James Comey was a total pro , that FBI Director James Comey knew FBI Director James Comey stuff and that Sessions trusted FBI Director James Comey to handle FBI Director James Comey business . " I felt ( FBI Director James Comey ) so long in the department     former deputy attorney general , as I recall     knew those policies probably a good deal better than I did , " said Sessions at one point . At another , Sessions Sessions : " Our Department of Justice rules on proper communications between the department and the White House have been in place for years . FBI Director James Comey well knew them , Our Department of Justice rules on proper communications between the department and the White House thought and assumed , correctly , that he FBI Director James Comey with them . Our Department of Justice rules on proper communications between the department and the White House On the other hand , Sessions told Sessions Senate intelligence committee that he FBI Director James Comey deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had discussed removing Comey FBI Director James Comey FBI director and agreed that it was time for a " fresh start " at the bureau before either man was confirmed to their current he and deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein . Huh ? Either Comey FBI Director James Comey the ultimate pro who could be trusted to handle his FBI Director James Comey or he FBI Director James Comey someone who Sessions had decided months before needed to go because he FBI Director James Comey badly mismanaged his FBI Director James Comey in the 2016 election . Comey FBI Director James Comey n’t simultaneously be highly competent and a bungling , bumbling fool depending on what image suits Sessions’ needs at the moment . But , time and again , Sessions tried to hold those totally oppositional thoughts in his FBI Director James Comey     and insisted that they were n’t at all contradictory .   As Sen. Jack Reed ,    Island , noted in Tuesday ’s hearing , in July and again in October     following Comey ’s initial announcement that Hillary Clinton had been " extremely careless " in her handling Hillary Clinton her private Hillary Clinton server and his decision Comey    the case in October     October     the then FBI Director Comey exchange between Reed and Sessions is telling Sessions REED : So , in July and November , Director Comey was doing exactly the right thing . You had no criticism of him . You felt that in Director Comey he was a skilled professional prosecutor Director Comey You felt that his last statement in October was Director Comey justified . So how can you go from those statements to agreeing with Mr. Rosenstein and then asking the President , or recommending he be fired ? SESSIONS : the President think , in retrospect , as all of us begin to look at that clearly and talk about it , as perspectives of the Department of Justice , once the director had first got involved and embroiled in a public discussion of this investigation , which would have been better never to have been discussed publicly , and said he     it was over . the director when he found new evidence that came the director , I think he probably was required to tell the director that it was n’t over , that new evidence had been developed . Uh , what ? If you get what Sessions is driving at in his response to Reed , you the director a better     and smarter     person than me .   ( Also worth noting : Comey testified , under oath , the director Trump called him several times in the first the director of this year to tell him how great a job he the director doing . ) Then the director was the fact , revealed in Sessions’ testimony yesterday , that he had never met with Comey the director discuss what he took the director be his poor the director .    This the director and forth with Mark Warner ,    the vice chairman of the    committee , gets at that oddity : WARNER : So you were his Mark Warner his superior , and the director were the director fairly harsh things said about Director Comey . You never thought the director appropriate to raise those concerns before he was actually terminated by the President the director SESSIONS : I did not do so . A memorandum was prepared by the deputy attorney general , who evaluated his performance and noted some serious problems with it .   Take one giant step his performance . We know , because Donald Trump told us , that the real reason he We Comey was because of the Donald Trump FBI director ’s approach to the Russia investigation . Trump said that after his administration had Donald Trump to sell the Donald Trump case Sessions was selling on Tuesday : That Comey was removed because of a memo Comey Rosenstein . That ’s the fact . Everything else     including Sessions’ attempts to spin his views on Comey and the circumstances Everything else    including Sessions’ his firing Comey are simply    spin Comey 
 