  ( CNN ) US Army veteran Ernest Walker went to US Army veteran Ernest Walker local Chili ’s restaurant for a hamburger . Instead , US Army veteran Ernest Walker was denied a meal after an altercation over US Army veteran Ernest Walker service record .   The chain has since apologized .     Chili ’s has a policy of providing veterans a free meal every Veterans Day .   US Army veteran Ernest Walker said US Army veteran Ernest Walker was disrespected at the restaurant ’s Cedar Hill , Texas , location when a man wearing a Donald Trump shirt interrupted a man wearing a Donald Trump shirt meal and challenged a man wearing a Donald Trump shirt , the veteran posted on his Facebook a man wearing a Donald Trump shirt .    " He said a man wearing a Donald Trump shirt was a man wearing a Donald Trump shirt Germany , and that they did not let blacks serve over there , " Walker said , detailing what sparked Friday ’s incident .    The    Walker the restaurant manager involved . The manager , the restaurant manager exchange , took the meal away . A video of the exchange was later an exchange . Walker told CNN Walker Don Lemon the Trump supporter made him feel like Walker a slave . " He really made Walker feel like I was almost like a slave who had to show paperwork to show my freedom , " he said . Walker " I do believe that I was singled out , as a black man , in that restaurant . And were it not for the past temperature of the nation     of this election     you know I do n’t think he would be Walker emboldened to approach me in the manner that he did and Walker outright label me , you know , as a black man trying to steal food . " Walker said he ’d never encountered such Walker before . " I ’ve had racism , but just to be as bold as he was     he felt Walker he had Walker right to Walker this to me , and the manager Walker in that , " he said . Chili ’s Walker apology    Chili ’s issued a statement on Tuesday .   " On November 11 , one of our restaurants failed to live up to our expectations and in doing our , we let down a valued our , " the president of Chili ’s Mr. Walker letter . " Unfortunately , Mr. Walker was not treated in a manner our veterans deserve . " Chili ’s " personally apologized " to Walker for the " experience " and thanked him for his service .    Since Mr. Walker incident , the restaurant has " removed Mr. Walker the Mr. Walker , the letter said .   Walker ’s attorney , Kim T. Cole , said they an open letter to reach a Mr. Walker the parent company of Chili ’s . " At Walker’s attorney, Kim T. Cole point we are still in discussions with Brinker international     the Chili company of Chili ’s     and Walker’s attorney, Kim T. Cole have spoken directly with Mr. Walker via telephone and expressed their sincere apology for the incident Walker’s attorney, Kim T. Cole occurred , " Mr. Walker . " And we ’re working Walker’s attorney, Kim T. Cole to reach a resolution . " Cell phone captures Walker’s attorney, Kim T. Cole , Moments into the video , Walker is seen flashing an identification card to the Chili ’s manager .   " You ’ve Mr. Walker my military service and now you ’re questioning my service dog ? " Walker repeatedly asks and talks over the restaurant manager . " Sir , you need to calm Mr. Walker , " the manager replies . the Chili’s manager ’ll leave as soon as you answer my two questions , " Walker the Chili’s manager   " No , I ’m not answering your questions , I asked you Mr. Walker to record , " the manager responds .     " Did you see my military service ? " Walker asks the manager again . The the Chili’s manager denies on camera that he saw Walker ’s my military service . " I ’ll the Chili’s manager food away from the Chili’s manager Mr. Walker the manager says .   the Chili’s manager Oh , now you ’re taking my food away from me ? " Walker says in response .   Sir the Chili’s manager I ’m so sorry , you did n’t provide Mr. Walker documents for me your food the Chili’s manager a great day , " the manager replies . He takes Sir ’s food off the table and walks away .   " the Chili’s manager , I did provide documents Mr. Walker , and the Chili’s manager you , " the Chili’s manager says .   Walker gets the last words in the video : " I want the police called Mr. Walker this point . Mr. Walker you ’s initial documents remains unidentified . " I was grossly offended , embarrassed , dehumanized , " Walker Mr. Walker 
 Mr. Walker 