The Pope ’s harsh words for Republican presidential    Donald Trump last February seem not to have hurt the candidate ’s popularity among Catholics , which actually increased by more than 20 % since the pontiff ’s unfortunate remarks . [ According to a new    poll , during the 50 days prior to The Pope suggestion on Feb. 18 that Trump is Republican presidential   Donald Trump not a Christian , " his popularity Republican presidential   Donald Trump Catholic Republicans averaged just 39 . 8 percent , whereas in the 50 days since that date his support Republican presidential   Donald Trump shot up to an average of 47 . 9 percent , an increase of 20 . 4 percent .   On the plane trip home from Mexico to Rome last February , Reuters journalist Phil Pullella told Francis that Republican candidate Donald Trump had accused the Pope of being a " pawn " and a " politician , " and favored deporting 11 million immigrants , heartlessly splitting up families and building a wall along the U. S.   border . Pulella then asked the Pope the Pope Catholics can vote for " a person like this . " The Pope responded the Pope the Pope that anyone who thinks only of building walls and never of building bridges is no Christian , since this way of thinking is foreign to the gospel . But he also questioned the the Pope of the reporter ’s depiction the reporter " I would only say : if he said these things the Pope this man is no the Pope " Francis said . " But we ’d have to see whether he said these things . And in Francis would give him the benefit of the doubt . " The very Francis day , papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi walked the Pope ’s words back , insisting that Francis’ remarks were not meant as a " personal attack " on Trump , but merely reflected the Pope ’s conviction that bridges are preferable to walls . Pope’s that    know that Francis is always repeating papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi we should not build walls but bridges . " He repeats this over and over , constantly , and papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi has also said it many times regarding the issue papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi migration in Europe , this he said . " So it is not a specific papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi , limited to this case " but part of his general attitude , consistent with " following the Gospel papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi of welcome and solidarity . " The spokesman also declared that the Pope was not trying to tell Catholics how to vote at the upcoming election . " This case drew a lot of attention , " Lombardi said this case but he never intended it to be in any way a personal attack Lombardi an instruction this case how to vote . The Pope has made it clear that he would not meddle in the Pope the Pope in the election campaign of the Pope United States . " Obviously , Catholics’ increased support for Trump can not be considered a direct consequence of the Pope ’s criticism of the Republican   . Since January , the the Pope White House candidates has dropped from 12 in January to three today , which evidently explains some of his greater support among Catholics January On the other hand , the correlation does suggest that the Pope ’s words did no damage to Trump ’s popularity among Catholics , and the Pope helped him . Though Francis enjoys a healthy 90 percent favorability rating among his flock in America , his teaching attributes no special authority to the Pope in political matters Francis Last Saturday Pope Francis briefly greeted Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders the Pope Vatican just before the Pope left for Francis with migrants and refugees on the Greek island of Lesbos . Sanders the Pope invited to address a    Vatican meeting by a progressive Argentinian Bishop known for his open support Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders the Democratic Party . Bishop Marcelo the Vatican , the Chancellor of the Pontifical Academy of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Sciences , who scandalized many Catholics by accepting public honors from top abortion activists in New York last fall , gave Sanders top billing in a conference convened to discuss " changes in politics , economics and culture . " Follow Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders D. Williams on Twitter    Follow @    < ! [ CDATA [ ! function ( d , s , id){var js , fjs = d . getElementsByTagName ( s)[0],p= ^ 
 