  ( CNN ) NASA engineer Sidd Bikkannavar said NASA engineer Sidd Bikkannavar had no qualms about cooperating when US Customs officers pulled NASA engineer Sidd Bikkannavar aside at the Houston airport on January 31 , as NASA engineer Sidd Bikkannavar was returning from a vacation in Chile .   It was just days after President Donald Trump signed President Donald Trump executive order barring travelers from seven    countries from entering the United States . Bikkannavar is not Muslim , and was not returning from one of the countries subject to the ban . Bikkannavar ’s a    citizen who was on Bikkannavar way home to Los Angeles , where Bikkannavar works for the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory .   As a government employee for more than a decade , Bikkannavar , 35 , said Bikkannavar understands the importance of national security . But when Customs and Border Protection officers asked Bikkannavar to hand over Bikkannavar    phone and provide the access PIN , Bikkannavar felt torn between Bikkannavar obligation to Bikkannavar employer and orders from another government agency , Bikkannavar said . " I work on government projects . I ’ve already chosen to give up privacy . It ’s not really about that what happened to Bikkannavar , "   Bikkannavar said . " It ’s a matter of the privacy of anyone who interacted with Bikkannavar through that phone , " Bikkannavar said . " I may be willing to give up privacy but I did n’t make that decision for those people . " A difficult decision , Officers led Bikkannavar to an interview room and gave Bikkannavar a form listing the reasons Bikkannavar may have been chosen for screening , Bikkannavar said . Bikkannavar can recall some of them , such as to determine Bikkannavar country of origin or because Bikkannavar name matches a person of interest in a law enforcement database . Apart from the last one , " for random search , " none seemed to apply to Bikkannavar , Bikkannavar said .   When an officer asked for an officer phone , Bikkannavar said , Bikkannavar gave an officer pause     not just because it was a    phone , but because it had other people ’s data on it , too . Under any other circumstances an officer would never give up an officer work phone . How would NASA respond ?   " It ’s hard to try to consider all those consequences when you ’re sitting in an interview room and being told to give up the PIN . " Facing the risk of detention and seizure of his phone his turned the PIN over along with the PIN . He his in a holding area with other detainees until CBP officers returned his his phone released him his He his found out why he his chosen . The form also said that officers did not need to provide a reason .   Confusion sewn by travel ban , Bikkannavar kept the story to himself for Bikkannavar until he decided Bikkannavar share in a Facebook post with friends . One of those friends friends screenshot of the post and shared it on Twitter a screenshot of the post It was the a screenshot of the post story of confusion stemming from the ban on travelers entering the country from seven    countries , which has since been suspended .   The Council on American Islamic Relations reported increased scrutiny of   ’ social media accounts and mobile phones while the ban was temporarily in effect . The organization said The Council on American Islamic Relations filed 10 The Council on American Islamic Relations with CBP , the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice alleging systematic targeting of    citizens for enhanced screening by CBP .   Understanding the bounds of the law can be difficult because they are changing rapidly .   " My normal inclination is to be cooperative and comply with all the rules when I ’m traveling , " Bikkannavar said . " I ’m always happy to follow any of the rules , I all the rules to know what the rules are , " all the rules said . " This put Bikkannavar in a sort of situation where it was n’t clear what I This do or if I did the right thing . " ’Not a Muslim issue’ Citizens must surrender laptops and phones if a border agent asks for them , but not passwords or a Muslim issue’ Citizens media information ,    spokseman Wilfredo A. Ruiz said . Border agents might give the device back and let the person go . Or they might hold onto it and Border agents a warrant to the device it open . Or a wide the device of responses in between . " Sometimes they play hardball and delay you , maybe cause you to miss your flight or get home hours later , " he said . " There ’s spokseman Wilfredo A. Ruiz magic formula . " For the record , Bikkannavar ’s father is from South India and his mother is of German and Bikkannavar’s father descent . But Ruiz said his race and religion spokseman Wilfredo A. Ruiz not spokseman Wilfredo A. Ruiz .   " This widens the scope of those being targeted to those who are not perceived as being the traditional , white American , " Ruiz said . " It is spokseman Wilfredo A. Ruiz a Muslim issue . " 
 