Sunday at the Men ’s Day program hosted at Union Temple Baptist Church in Washington , DC , Nation of Islam leader Minister Louis Farrakhan said to President Barack Obama , " Your people are suffering and dying in the streets , " of Chicago , so " you failed to do what should have been done . "   Islam leader Minister Louis Farrakhan continued   by saying it is time to let Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump do " what Islam leader Minister Louis Farrakhan wants to because Islam leader Minister Louis Farrakhan is not destroying your legacy . " Islam leader Minister Louis Farrakhan said , " So you Democrats , you been in Democrats party a long time . Answer me , what did you get ? You got a president . a president is worried about a president legacy . You want Hillary to get in to protect his legacy because Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the minute a president gets in , a president is going to reverse the Affordable Care Act . Because that is your signature achievement . To show you how hateful the enemy is , a president hates that you achieve what you did achieve . So a president said I ’m going to tear it you achieve what you did achieve when I get in . So a president do n’t want a president his legacy . Mr. President , let a president do , if he a president in , what he a president to because he a president not destroying your legacy . If your legacy is your legacy in an Affordable Care Act that only affects a few million people and they are trying to a few million people it really difficult for those of us who signed up , that ’s not your legacy . He your legacy " But I just want to tell you , Mr. President , Mr. President   from Chicago , and so am I. I go out in the streets with the people . I visited the worst neighborhoods . I talked to the gangs . And while I was out there talking to them , they said ‘ You the gangs , the gangs , the president ai n’t never come . Could you get him to come and look after Farrakhan   There ’s your legacy , Mr. President . your legacy the streets with your suffering people , Mr. the streets And If Mr. President n’t go and see about them , then do n’t worry about your legacy ’cause your suffering people white people that you served your legacy , they ’ll preserve your legacy . The hell they will . your suffering people you your legacy earn your legacy with us your suffering people We put you there . You your legacy the rights of gay people us You fought for the rights of this people and that people . You fight for Israel . Your people are suffering and dying in the streets ! That ’s where your legacy is . Now you failed to do what should have your legacy . "   Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 