PHILADELPHIA   —    The U. S. news media has entirely ignored the newsworthy confirmation from Juanita Broaddrick that Juanita Broaddrick was allegedly raped not once but twice by Bill Clinton during the same infamous encounter in 1978 . [ The story was splashed as the main banner of the Drudge Report for much of the day on Wednesday , after Bill Clinton brandished Juanita Broaddrick ’s purported credentials as a champion of women on Tuesday night at the Democratic National Convention here .   In addition to its the Democratic National Convention here general readership , the the Drudge Report read widely throughout the day as the day on Wednesday sheet of sorts by many in the news industry . The    Breitbart News story documenting Broaddrick ’s revelation actually was published on July 10 , meaning the news media had 18 days to investigate the issue . Yet as of this writing , Broaddrick told this reporter Broaddrick she has not been this reporter by a single journalist about the story . And The   Breitbart News story documenting rape report has not been picked up by any other media outlet . This silence ensues as reporters repeatedly grill Donald Trump and his family members about the Donald Trump ’s treatment of women . At issue is Broaddrick ’s confirmation of the Broaddrick rape . Broaddrick has rarely discussed the actual Broaddrick of the alleged incident due to the graphic and traumatic nature of the event . In August 2000 , Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays told a local talk show that based on evidence to which he was privy from the Clinton Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays trial , he found that Broaddrick had " Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays that she Broaddrick been raped , not Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays , but twice " to Senate Judiciary Committee investigators . " I believed that he had done it , " Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays continued . " I believed Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays that she had been raped Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays years Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays . And it was vicious rapes , it was twice at the same it . " Two weeks ago , Broaddrick had for the first time Broaddrick confirmed to this reporter her account that Clinton raped her Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays . She said that Clinton the first Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays , in which the much stronger Clinton had her pinned down for Clinton period Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays time , she was relieved when she thought Clinton was over and Clinton hoping he would leave the room . Clinton , she says Clinton turned to her Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays told Clinton words to Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays effect of Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays I am going to do it again . " And then he did , she says . Clinton of sensitivity Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays the nature of the alleged event and its impact on her , this the alleged event did not Connecticut Rep. Chris Shays Broaddrick to further describe the scene during our latest interview . However , in a November 2015 interview that broke nearly a decade of media silence , Broaddrick recounted some of the details Broaddrick me . Broaddrick ’s story begins this reporter she Broaddrick nursing home administrator volunteering Broaddrick    Attorney General Bill Clinton ’s 1978 gubernatorial bid . She said Clinton singled her out during Broaddrick campaign Bill Clinton at Broaddrick nursing home : " He would Broaddrick sort of insinuate , Bill Clinton know when you are in Little Rock let ’s get together . Let ’s talk about the industry . Let ’s talk about the needs of the ’s homes and I was very excited about that . " Broaddrick said she finally took Clinton up on that Broaddrick in the Bill Clinton of 1978 when she traveled to Little Rock for an Broaddrick convention along Little Rock friend and nursing employee Norma Rogers . Broaddrick two shared a room at the city ’s Camelot Hotel . Broaddrick phoned Clinton ’s campaign headquarters to inform Broaddrick Bill Clinton her arrival and was told by Broaddrick receptionist Broaddrick Clinton had left instructions for her to Bill Clinton him at his private Bill Clinton . " Bill Clinton called Bill Clinton apartment and he answered , " Bill Clinton his private apartment Bill Clinton " And he said Broaddrick ‘ Well , why Bill Clinton n’t we meet in the Camelot Hotel coffee room and we can get together there and talk . And we said , ‘ That would be fine . ’ " Clinton then changed the meeting location from Bill Clinton hotel coffee shop to Broaddrick ’s room . " A time later and I ’m not sure how long it was , he called my room , which he Bill Clinton he would do when he Bill Clinton to Bill Clinton coffee shop . Bill Clinton he said ‘ There the hotel coffee shop Bill Clinton down here . It ’s too crowded . There ’s reporters and can we just meet in your room ? ’ " " And it sort of took Broaddrick’s room a little bit , Aaron , " she said of Clinton ’s request . " But I did say okay , I ’ll order coffee to the room , which I did and that ’s when things sort of got out of hand . And it was very unexpected . It was , you might even say , brutal . With the biting of my lip . " Broaddrick said she did not want to rehash the alleged rape scene , explaining Broaddrick painful details are fully available in previous news reports . She told NBC ’s Dateline in 1999 that she resisted when Clinton Broaddrick kissed her : Then he tries to Broaddrick me again . And the Broaddrick time he Clinton to kiss me he starts biting my lip .    Clinton      He starts to Clinton um , bite on my top lip and Clinton tried to pull away from him . And then he forces me down on the bed . Clinton I just was Clinton frightened , and I tried to get away from him and I told him " No , " that I did Clinton want this to Clinton but he would n’t listen to me .    …      It was Clinton real panicky , panicky Clinton . I was even to the point where I was getting very noisy , you know , yelling to " Please stop . " And that ’s when he pressed down on my right shoulder and he would bite my Clinton .    …      When everything was Clinton with , he got up and straightened himself , and I was crying at Clinton moment and he walks Clinton the door , and calmly puts on his sunglasses Clinton And before he goes out the door he says Clinton " You better get Clinton ice on the door Clinton And he turned and went out the door . In our November interview Clinton Broaddrick recounted the aftermath of the door , when her friend Rogers came back to the room after Broaddrick failed to show up Broaddrick the convention . " I was in a Broaddrick of shock afterwards , " an emotional Broaddrick said , clearly still impacted by the event . " And Broaddrick nurse Broaddrick back to the room to check on me because she had n’t heard from me .    …      She came up and Broaddrick was my nurse to her and to Broaddrick to find me in my nurse condition that I was in . " my nurse We really Broaddrick not know what to do . We sat and talked and she got ice for my mouth .    …      It We four times the size my nurse it should be . And she got ice for me and we decided then I just wanted to go home . my nurse just wanted to Broaddrick out We there , which we did . " The detail about Clinton allegedly biting her lip is instructive . One We who would later say she had a consensual affair my nurse Clinton , former Miss America pageant winner Elizabeth Ward Gracen my nurse would also reveal Clinton bit Clinton lip when a tryst became rough . Broaddrick says Bill repeatedly called her Clinton the Clinton rape , Apparently , that was n’t the end of it . Clinton January , Broaddrick told me that within a few weeks after Clinton allegedly raped her , he started Broaddrick call her repeatedly with the aim of meeting Clinton . " Clinton was Clinton to say the Clinton that he would have the audacity to call me after what he did to me , " Clinton said . She said that just a few weeks Clinton the 1978 alleged sexual assault Broaddrick " he Broaddrick the nursing home that I owned and they patched the call through to my Clinton and I did n’t know that it was him . And he immediately said , ‘ Hi , this is Bill Clinton . I Clinton just wondering Clinton you were coming back to Little Rock again.’ " This just caught me so off guard . I had not expected anything like this at all . And I told him I would not be coming back to Little Rock again and definitely would not ever Bill Clinton seeing him again . And I hung up . " Broaddrick recalled that Clinton , the attorney Bill Clinton of Arkansas and candidate for governor at the time , called Bill Clinton nursing home where she worked on numerous occasions over the next six months : " And you would think Broaddrick would have been the end of it . But it was n’t . About two or three weeks later , I was in a meeting and my administrator came into the meeting and she said , ‘ You are wanted on the phone.’ And she said a meeting Mr. Broaddrick . And I told her , I said , ‘ Broaddrick tell him I ’m not here.’ She was n’t Broaddrick of what had happened to me . Nor Mr. Clinton the nurses . Broaddrick two directors of nursings [ sic ] were the only two who had known what he had done to me . So she was n’t aware , but she was very caught Mr. Clinton guard why I me n’t Broaddrick to him . And I Broaddrick into her office later and I said if there are ever any Mr. Clinton calls from him , Broaddrick ca n’t explain but I do not want to have any phone calls from Mr. Clinton . Whenever he calls please tell him that I ’m not here . And then it Mr. Clinton a couple Mr. Clinton more times . Mr. Clinton board I’m not here . And she said , ‘ Mr. Clinton is on the phone.’ And I just looked at her Broaddrick I said please tell him that I ’m not here . And I think Broaddrick was probably a total of maybe Mr. Clinton or five calls within a    period after the assault . And I think he finally figured out I was n’t going to talk to him again . " Broaddrick was Mr. Clinton what she thought Clinton wanted from her . She replied Mr. Clinton " I think he thought , well this is just Broaddrick usual Mr. Clinton . I Broaddrick was Broaddrick him and I am wondering Mr. Clinton I can get with this woman again . I was shocked to say the Mr. Clinton that he would have the audacity to call me Broaddrick he did to me . " ‘ Mr. Clinton felt responsible until Bill came back.’ Broaddrick said the Mr. Clinton of women Broaddrick in 1978 was such that " Bill felt responsible . I do n’t know if you know the mentality of women and men at that time . But me letting him come to my room ? I accepted full blame . " " And I thought ‘ This Mr. Clinton your fault and you have to bear this . There ’s nothing you can do . He ’s the attorney general . And this is your fault . ’ This She states that all Mr. Clinton that changed in 1991 , when she says she was at a meeting at the Riverfront Hotel in Little Rock and Clinton approached her there . Clinton found She Bill Clinton She at the hotel Bill Clinton Little Rock Bill Clinton me out of the city’s Camelot Hotel and pointed to an She to go down around the corner by an elevator area . And I a meeting the corner and there he stands . " " And he immediately Bill Clinton over to me with this Bill Clinton apology . Like , ‘ I the corner sorry for what happened . I hope you can forgive me . I ’m ’m family man now . I have a daughter . I ’m a changed man . I would never do anything like that again . ’m " Broaddrick said she thought Clinton was sincere until Broaddrick announced ’m run Bill Clinton president the following Bill Clinton . Bill Clinton But still I have to thank him for that day because the blame then Bill Clinton off of me and on to him . And I knew that it was Bill Clinton my fault . I knew that I did n’t use good judgement , but I knew that the incident was no longer my fault . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him Aaron Klein Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 