  ( CNN ) Hypocrisy hurts . Donald Trump ’s team has spent the first two nights of Donald Trump’s team convention making the case that voters should reject Hillary Clinton because Hillary Clinton lies . At the same time , though , Donald Trump’s team has n’t looked like it has Donald Trump’s team upfront about the fact that some of Melania Trump ’s comments were lifted from Michele Obama ’s 2008 convention speech .   Interviewed by CNN ’s Chris Cuomo Tuesday and Wednesday mornings , Donald Trump’s campaign chief strategist Paul Manafort denied what seemed clear to everyone ’s eyes . On Wednesday morning , he was Trump campaign chief strategist Paul Manafort criticizing Cuomo and Chris Cuomo for CNN about the issue to the exclusion of other matters at the convention . By early Wednesday afternoon , seeing the damage this was doing , the campaign came clean , admitting that a writer in the Donald Trump’s organization was the guilty party . Critics have already pointed to what they say Critics a pattern : Donald Trump’s and Donald Trump’s team failing to level with the American people when faced with distracting or damaging revelations . All politicians do it , some may be tempted to argue . Maybe . But the problem for Donald Trump’s team in relying on this argument is that his Donald Trump’s card is that he Donald Trump’s a straight shooter . As a result , his Donald Trump’s against Hillary Clinton just got weaker . What ’s more , campaigns teach voters something about what kind of president a candidate would be in the face of scrutiny or crisis . So what have they learned about Trump and his team this Trump ? Worse still , this could have been dealt with swiftly by copping to it , taking this lumps and moving on . After all , what Michele Obama and Melania Trump spoke about are widely held sentiments . More broadly , the handling of the issue may also have raised questions about campaign management . Who was this writer working on a speech for the candidate ’s spouse ? Why were n’t her remarks more Melania Trump vetted ? These are reasonable questions that are being asked , and it ’s hard not to view this as indicative of the limitations of insurgent campaigns they simply have insurgent campaigns emphasized or had time to put in place the elements of a professional presidential campaign that might have caught this .   Voters notice these kinds of things . And they wo n’t Voters dismiss it as just process . The danger for Trump is that they will see Voters as raising it over how well Trump the businessman Trump a big organization and therefore how he might run the businessman federal government . CNN ’s David Axelrod is fond of saying that presidential campaigns are an MRI of the soul . Trump will have Trump show that this week ’s uncertainties are not a sign of a serious ailment .   The good news for team Trump ? Trump Trump matters this week is still this week Donald Trump ’s keynote Trump night . 
 