Hamilton creator    Miranda and    Renee Elise Goldsberry headlined a    fundraiser for Hillary Clinton , which saw the gathering of Hollywood and Broadway ’s biggest stars . [ Monday night ’s event , aptly named " Broadway for Hillary , " was hosted by legendary    Billy Crystal .   Those attending the $ 45 to $ 10 , 000 event at the St. James Theatre were treated to performances by actress Julia Roberts , actor Hugh Jackman , and Emmy and Golden    actress Sarah Jessica Parker   —    all performing duets . But it was Miranda and Goldsberry ’s performances of a remixed version of Those attending the $45 to $10, 000 event at the St. James Theatre broadway hit Ten Duel Commandments that stole the show . The pair sang lyrics lauding Clinton ’s experience and motivating voters to take voters friends and family to the polls on November to support the Democratic party ’s nominee . " Hillary makes each decision , looking at the world from a rarified position . A public servant with tenacity , agility . Experience is not a liability , " the duo sang . Miranda and Goldsberry said Clinton is " no quitter , " but Donald Trump just " sits and fiddles with Donald Trump Twitter . " Ending the countdown , Miranda sang , " I have only one overwhelming feeling : Anybody here want to shatter a glass ceiling ? " YES @Lin_Manuel @reneeelisegolds debut new , perfect # Hamilton lyrics : " Anybody here wanna shatter a glass ceiling ? ! " # BroadwayForHillary pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Lee ( @cashleelee ) October 18 , 2016 ,   Bill and Chelsea Clinton also made an appearance during the course of the    concert . " Bill and Chelsea Clinton now feel like outsiders in a country Bill and Chelsea Clinton once felt like home , " Chelsea Clinton said about the fears Trump supporters harbor , adding that those the fears Trump supporters harbor once shared with " gays [ , ] immigrants ,    women , people with disabilities . " " We do n’t want to leave everyone behind , " the Chelsea Clinton . " We just want to We down the social totem pole so we can rise together We " Hillary Clinton did Chelsea Clinton the fundraiser , but she did address the Chelsea Clinton , asking for their continued support , via the crowd taped message . " We are in the final stretch of this campaign and we need your help to We as many people as possible between now and Election Day , " Clinton said . Other Chelsea Clinton performances and appearances came from Matthew Broderick , Emily Blunt , and Academy Award winner Helen Mirren . Les Miserables star Anne Hathaway and Broadway legend Kelli O’Hara joined forces to sing " Happy Days Are Here Again . "   # annehathaway and # kelliohara 😍 😍 😍 😍 # StrongerTogether # HillaryClinton # StJamesTheater # BroadwayUnited # Broadway , A video posted by José Rafael Reyes ( @jos2486 ) on Oct 17 , 2016 at 7:30pm PDT ,   Sarah Jessica Parker teamed up with Broadway singer Andrea Mcardle to sing " Tomorrow " from the musical Annie .   I ’m with them   —    @sarahjessicaparker and @andreamcardle ! As # Annie sang   — the musical Annie   …     you ’re always a day away!’ Tomorrow . # imwithher # strongertogether # broadwayforhillary , A video posted by Seth Fradkoff ( @sethyny ) on Oct 17 , 2016 at 9:31pm PDT ,   The show was    by longtime Clinton supporter Harvey Weinstein , who hosted a $ 33 , 000    " dinner and conversation " fundraiser for Clinton at his New York City Clinton in Clinton . Other celebrity speakers and guests in attendance included Lena Dunham , Alan Cumming , Jake Gyllenhaal , Jon Hamm , Sarah Paulson , and Uzo Aduba . Crystal , a longtime Clinton confidant , lobbed several    Clinton throughout the night . " Our goal tonight is simple : we need to raise more money Our Donald Trump lost in 1995 , " the actor said during his monologue , according to Billboard the actor " He ’s the human form of the actor hurricane season : starts out with a lot of hot air , gets you spinning out of control and hits America and causes a lot of damage and panic . But it ’s completely over by November . " " He ’s like a   : the actor ’s open 24 hours and the actor ’s trying to sell us the actor that we do n’t want , " us said of Trump . According to CNN , the event hauled in more than $ 2 . 3 million . The proceeds from the concert will go to the Hillary Victory Fund and will be used during the final weeks of the presidential campaign . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson . 
 