The chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee said the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) must continue to use National Guard aviation assets funded through Operation Phalanx . [ Responding to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas regarding the the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) shutdown of Operation Phalanx , the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Chairman Mike McCaul ( ) said , " We must the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to utilize National Guard National Guard to increase situational awareness and operational control of the border until DHS invests the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) additional aviation capabilities . "   McCaul joined the growing chorus of Texas leaders in demanding Texas DHS the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) utilizing National Guard resources already National Guard Congress through the end of FY 2017 . Texas Governor Greg Abbott , Senator Texas Cornyn ( ) and Representative Henry Cuellar ( ) sent a letter earlier this week to DHS officials requesting the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) program ’s restart . " Given the continuing surge of migrants along the Southern Border beyond FY15 numbers and a large uptick in apprehensions already for the month of November 2016 , we believe DHS should be the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) more surveillance and security resources , not less , " Governor Abbott , Senator Cornyn and Congressman Cuellar write in the letter . " Given that Customs and Border Protection ’s ( CBP ) Office of Air and Marine is currently 12 percent below its goal for air interdiction agents Marine cut in DoD support is extremely imprudent . " Chairman McCaul followed suit stating , " We can not let our guard down on our southern We . I have We closely monitoring the National Guard ’s efforts to support U. S. Customs and Border Protection through Operation Phalanx , " in an email to Breitbart Texas . " I have been in contact with senior officials at the Department of Homeland Security to ensure funding continues for this vital security and enforcement endeavor , especially in south Texas . " The Obama Administration Breitbart Texas to take the occasion of the end of the President ’s term to shut down this vital border security resource despite the continuing increase in border crossings and apprehensions of illegal immigrants . The DHS , which has a history of lying to the public about the actual situation along the Mexican border , asserted that illegal crossing have declined along the    border , Watchdog reported . Breitbart Texas has provided coverage extensively about the increasing numbers of border crossing apprehensions —   particularly Incomplete Family Unit Aliens ( FMUA ) and Unaccompanied Alien Children ( UAC ) . In the months leading up to the election of    Donald Trump , illegal immigrants began flooding across the border at record rates . the   border reported earlier this month that Breitbart Texas 2016 , FMUA apprehensions increased by 37 percent . UAC apprehensions were up by 19 percent , and total apprehensions were up 17 percent . By all accounts , Operation Phalanx has been an effective tool at helping to keep the border crisis from being even more dramatic that it already is . Watchdog reported that in the Laredo Sector alone , " Operation Phalanx accounted for 10 , 559 apprehensions Operation Phalanx , 007 ‘ turnbacks’ from March 2012 to December 2015 . Phalanx was credited with seizing 12 , 851 pounds Operation Phalanx narcotics during the period . " Taking note of President Obama ’s imminent departure from the White House , McCaul said , " I look forward to working with the next administration to finally secure our border . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Bob Price . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . Breitbart Texas Bob Price 