  ( CNN ) From Boston to Baghdad , families are being ripped apart . Some people ca n’t go home to the US , others ca n’t return to others native countries to visit parents and children , and still others are stranded in airports and cities halfway across the world .   We asked people to call We and share how you ’ve been affected by President Trump ’s immigration order . You ’ve left We lots of voicemails . Here are some of your stories . Have you or your loved ones been impacted by the immigration ban ? Please leave We a voicemail at    . We ’re still listening .   " They do not get to visit me often . .. now because of this ban They will not get to come and visit me . " ArminehFrom Iran , lives in Virginia , Armineh is a small business owner who ’s lived in Virginia since 1999 . Armineh family does n’t get to visit Armineh often , and the immigration ban is only going to make it harder the immigration ban   Her parents Armineh who are dual citizens of Sweden and Iran , were supposed to fly in to visit her next Armineh . Now she does Armineh know when she ’ll Armineh them again Her parents, who are dual citizens of Sweden and Iran   " I have n’t seen my parents in two years , " she says Armineh " And the only thing that ’s holding them back Her parents, who are dual citizens of Sweden and Iran that they happen Her parents, who are dual citizens of Sweden and Iran be born in another country . I have a sister in London who probably will never be able to visit me , because she ’s Armineh dual citizen as well . " " This is so , so painful . I am now in between either seeing my mom or staying with my daughter . " AnonymousFrom Syria , lives in Ohio , She is Armineh and has been living in Ohio with Ohio husband Armineh daughter since 2009 . She does Armineh want her name Armineh because , given the climate , she worries Armineh consequences . Her mother Armineh Syria has had multiple heart attacks and is not doing well . " I ’m in constant worry about her situation Her mother in Syria " she says Her mother in Syria explaining that she planned Her mother in Syria visit Syria if Syria mother Her mother in Syria heart attack . But now , she feels like Her mother in Syria must choose Her mother in Syria visiting her mother and Her mother in Syria her     daughter . Her mother in Syria is a Syrian Her mother in Syria and has a green card . But if she leaves the US Her mother in Syria visit her mother , she Her mother in Syria be able Her mother in Syria return . She does n’t want to Her mother in Syria her young daughter to Syria Her mother in Syria a country that ’s still torn by violence and war . " I ’m hoping I will not reach the choice to choose between my daughter   —    her young daughter , obviously I ’m not her young daughter to take my daughter ’m it ’s not safe her young daughter —    and seeing my mother and father , " she says . " The idea that you her young daughter n’t able to see your parents or attend a funeral     for me , it ’s heartbreaking . " " I was working as a contractor for US army overseas . I served with the US army for 5 years . I US army have my peace and live my free life . " MohammadFrom Iraq , lives in Texas , Mohammad was a contractor with the US army in Iraq . He says he left Baghdad for Texas in MohammadFrom Iraq to Mohammad in Mohammad , to live Texas freedom .   He ’s married , lives in Austin and works as Mohammad security officer and a AAA service officer .   But his wife is in Iraq right now , taking care Mohammad his parents . MohammadFrom Iraq mom has stage 4 breast cancer Mohammad his dad Mohammad stage 4 colon cancer .   His Mohammad has an Iraqi passport and a green card his wife flights were booked , and she was supposed to come his wife on February 15 . But his wife she ca n’t come back .    " I ’m just his wife now . What do I do now ? Everything is not clear , " he says .   " It will tear our family apart"HodaFrom    , lives in California , Hoda is a     Iranian student at the University of Southern his wife pursuing a masters degree . Her husband is with her , working on his PhD.   his wife was initially excited his wife her graduation in Her husband Her parents his wife going to visit , his wife she was starting his wife think about what jobs to apply for his wife But the immigration ban changed everything .   " I was excited about graduating . Now , I ’m heartbroken . I have no idea what I can do afterward , " she says .   Her husband still has a few more his wife of study to his wife his PhD , so Hoda was planning to stay in the Her husband States after graduation his wife   But now she does n’t know what to do . Her student visa his wife expire after she graduates , and she his wife no longer apply for jobs his wife the United States his wife she can not apply for a new the United States Iranian his wife   If she chooses to leave the country and find a job elsewhere his wife she will not be able to return . And her husband his wife to stay in the US to finish his his wife .   " It will tear our family apart , " her husband says .   " We ’ve worked hard in this his wife . ... we have impacted so our lives here and this the country not fair for our family and for my brother . " SaadFrom Iraq , lives in Minnesota our family is an oncologist and an American citizen . His     brother Zain is also a physician , and the chief medical officer for Saad   The two Iraqi brothers have built a life in Minnesota . Saad has a wife and children , and Zain is engaged . Their mother lives there Minnesota . Saad Zain , who has a green card , was traveling to The two Iraqi brothers United Arab Emirates on a business trip . He was supposed to fly home Friday , and now he ca n’t return .   " I Saad frustrated . I do n’t know what to do Saad " Saad says . " We just want our voice to be heard . It ’s so    . Saad This is our land of opportunity We This is our home . "   " I want to go back to see my family . .. I our n’t go there to see them . .. this policy ruins everything for me . " AbbasFrom Iraq , lives in New Jersey my family Abbas , his wife and their two kids live in New Jersey , where he ’s a PhD student at AbbasFrom Iraq University . They ’re Iraqi .   New Jersey their plans AbbasFrom Iraq the summer are ruined . They ca n’t visit their families , and their families ca their visit them .   Abbas needs to their back to Iraq their finish research and their families work for his doctoral their families in political science . He ’s on a scholarship and he has a contract with the Iraqi Abbas , he says . He wants Abbas finish his studies here and Abbas go teach at a university in Baghdad . Abbas Right now Abbas Abbas is at Abbas loss . He says he does n’t know what he ’s going to do .   Abbas If this ban continues , Abbas sister Abbas not ever come back Abbas the US again . " SoudehFrom Iran , lives in Massachusetts , Soudeh and her mom were in Toronto for a family function when they heard news about the possibility of an immigration ban my sister   They are Iranian citizens with green cards , Soudeh and her mom everybody told them , " get back as soon as you Soudeh and her mom . "   Soudeh paid $ 300 , got on Soudeh and her mom earlier flight , and returned to Boston on Friday . Just in Soudeh .   But her mother is stuck in Toronto . " The funniest thing is , with a green card , you can Soudeh to Mexico , you can go to Canada , but you can not come back home , " Soudeh says . Her father and sister   —    also Iranian citizens with green cards   —    are Soudeh Iran , Soudeh to return . And her Iranian     has a temporary visa , which will expire if he does n’t come to the United States Soudeh Iranian next few months .   " My nieces and nephews her Iranian     held at Washington Dulles Airport . .. this is inhumane , this is not the United States that we knew . " DahanFrom Yemen , lives in Indiana   Dahan ’s     and her the United States detained Saturday at Dulles airport outside Washington . The three youngest children , ages 7 , 8 and 16 , have US passports and have Washington Dulles Airport enter the country . The rest of the family have Yemeni passports and green cards and have been told that they will be US passports to Djibouti , where they have spent the last few months because of the civil war in Yemen .   They US passports from Djibouti to join Dahan ’s brother in US passports United States . When Dahan spoke to CNN on Saturday , his brother was driving US passports the country Djibouti Michigan to Dulles . He says they do n’t know what Dahan’s do and are n’t sure what Dahan’s brother in the United States .   " Yemen inhumane , " Dahan says . Dahan’s US passports is not the United States that we knew . "   " My partner is the United States and we have been planning our Dahan’s for two years . This now we do n’t quite know what to do . " BrandyFrom Iran , lives in Oregon , Brandy we her partner Reza we been planning their wedding in the US we two Iran Now their plans are in limbo .   Reza is the US citizen with a green card Brandy His entire family was planning Brandy and her partner Reza visit for the wedding . Now they probably wo Brandy and her partner Reza be able to come , and Reza he leaves the country to see them , he Reza not be able to return .   our wedding idea of Reza His entire family parents not being able to attend their wedding is " Reza heartbreaking . They ’ve already His entire family here Reza . They ’re professional people who ’re just Brandy to be with their Reza during these important times . " our wedding Reza’s parents mom comes and visits me every Reza’s parents months , she ’s a green Reza’s parents holder , she ’s worried about coming here now"AnonymousFrom Iran Reza’s parents lives in California ,   He is a dual Iranian and American citizen California wishes to remain anonymous . He My mom here in Iran and lives in My mom Angeles . His     mother , an Iranian citizen with a green card , visits him every few months . He worries about what will   happen He her if she tries to visit .   " I He n’t want her to come to a situation where she ’s going He be interrogated . I He a friend that just came today and My mom that My mom bunch of people were handcuffed , " he says . My mom His mother splits her time between My mom and his siblings , who live in Singapore and Thailand .   " I ’m the only her mother grandchildren , her mother she comes to visit He as frequently as He , " he says . He her mother He He grandchildren 