Washington ( CNN ) Republican elected officials and party elders lined up Saturday to denounce Donald Trump ’s incendiary remarks about women that Donald Trump made in 2005 . Some sitting members of Congress pulled Some sitting members of Congress support entirely , while others blasted the remarks but continued supporting the GOP   . Some said Some wanted Donald Trump to step aside so that Donald Trump running mate , Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , can lead the ticket . Here ’s a list of categories to determine where some of Some stand . Pulling support entirely , Some party members who were lukewarm on Donald Trump ran away from the nominee shortly after the comments came to light . Idaho Sen. Mike Crapo , who is up for reelection , on Saturday became the first sitting Republican senator to back away from Donald Trump following the comments . " This is not a decision that I have reached lightly , but his pattern This behavior has left me no choice . His repeated This and comments toward women have been disrespectful , profane and demeaning . " Soon after Crapo ’s announcement , Ayotte , who is also up for reelection , also said she would Crapo’s vote for Donald Trump . In August , Ayotte had said she would Ayotte for Donald Trump but not formally endorse him . Ayotte said Ayotte she will Ayotte be writing in Pence on Election Day . Arizona Sen. and former Republican Party nominee John McCain , who is up for reelection , said Donald Trump behavior " make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy . " Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice declared " Enough ! " in a Facebook post , adding , " Donald Trump should not be President . He should withdraw Donald Trump " Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski said Trump has " Donald Trump the right to be our party ’s nominee . " Maine Sen. Susan Collins , who had said after the Republican National Convention that she would not Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski Trump , reiterated Donald Trump stance that Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski is " Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski not voting for Hillary , and still plans to write in someone . " Alabama ’s Republican governor , Robert Bentley , said in a statement he " can Alabama’s Republican governor, Robert Bentley and will not vote for Donald Trump . Donald Trump the House , Alabama Rep. Martha Roby Alabama Saturday she will not vote Alabama Rep. Martha Roby him and that he Alabama Rep. Martha Roby step aside Alabama Rep. Martha Roby Roby is from a Alabama Rep. Martha Roby district and is often featuring in GOP family friendly initiatives . Ohio Sen. Rob Portman issued a statement Saturday night in which he pulled his support Ohio Sen. Rob Portman said Ohio Sen. Rob Portman would instead vote Ohio Sen. Rob Portman Pence . Friday night , House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz became the first sitting Republican congressman to pull his support for Trump House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz the wake of the 2005 video , which was surfaced by The Washington Post earlier in the day . Utah Gov. Gary Herbert on Friday became the first sitting Republican governor to withdraw his vote over the Utah Gov. Gary Herbert , which he called " offensive Utah Gov. Gary Herbert despicable . " Ignoring Trump going forward , Trump Speaker Paul Ryan told Republicans Monday he will no longer House Speaker Paul Ryan Trump     and will Trump the next 29 days to focus on preserving his party ’s hold on House Speaker Paul Ryan . " The speaker is going to spend the next month focused entirely on protecting our congressional majorities , " Ryan ’s spokeswoman , AshLee House Speaker Paul Ryan , said in a statement . Rep. Mike Bishop ,    said in a statement Monday that Trump was neither his first nor second choice Trump the Republican primary , and going forward would stop answering questions about Trump . He said in Trump statement Rep. Mike Bishop,    " Our a statement a campaign that is focused on the issues , something our 2016 discussions are solely lacking this close to Election Day . " Sticking by Trump , Many Republicans , beginning on Friday night and into Saturday , slammed Trump over the remarks but either Trump he was preferable over Democrat Hillary Trump or did n’t address their support for him at all either Pence said Trump does not " condone " Trump ’s remarks and " can Trump them " but is " grateful that either has expressed remorse and apologized . Trump Texas Sen. John Cornyn , the No . 2 Senate Republican , tweeted he is " disgusted by Mr Trump Trump words " and is Trump disappointed by the race to the bottom this presidential campaign has become . " House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said " there is absolutely no place " for Trump ’s language in American society and that Trump must " make a " full and unqualified apology . " Top Trump surrogate Ben Carson said " in no way do I condone Trump ’s behavior " but said he was " Trump " progressives knew about Trump Top Trump surrogate Ben Carson 2005 remarks but waited until now to damage Trump candidacy . Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise said " women Top Trump surrogate Ben Carson to be treated with respect . Period , " and that Trump should make " a direct apology . "   Trump Sen. Joni Ernst , a rising star in the party , called Trump ’s remarks " lewd and insulting . " Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul called Trump ’s comments " offensive and unacceptable "     but Trump spokesman did n’t respond when asked if Paul was still going to vote for Trump . Pence Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul president , Several Republicans said Pence Trump lead Mike Pence South Dakota Sen. John Thune , Mike Pence No . 3 Senate Republican and a member of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s inner circle , wants Trump to " withdraw , " saying , " Mike Trump should be our nominee effective immediately . " Nevada Rep. Joe Heck     who Several Republicans running for Democratic leader Harry Reid ’s Senate seat     said Trump should " step down and allow Republicans Senate opportunity Trump elect someone who will provide us with the strong leadership so desperately needed . "   Rep. Republicans Comstock ,    said Trump ’s comments were " disgusting , vile and disqualifying Trump called for Pence " or another appropriate nominee " to replace him . Rep. Ann Wagner ,    wrote , " I withdraw my endorsement and call for Governor Pence to take the lead so we can defeat Hillary Clinton . " Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner said if Trump wishes to defeat Clinton , he must " step aside Trump " adding , " I will not Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner for Donald Trump . " Utah Sen. Mike Lee posted a Facebook Trump Trump to step down : " Your conduct , sir , is Trump distraction . " Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk tweeted that Trump should drop out and that Republican Party leaders should engage rules Trump an emergency replacement . South Dakota Gov. Dennis Daugaard is backing Pence tweeting that " enough is enough " and " this election is too important " to keep backing Trump . Dan Sullivan , Alaska ’s junior Republican senator , called Trump Trump to step aside for Pence as the billionaire " ca n’t Trump on critical issue of ending domestic Pence and sexual assault . " " It would be wise for him to step aside and allow Mike Pence to serve as our party ’s South Dakota Gov. Dennis Daugaard , " Nebraska Sen. Deb Fischer tweeted . A special category for Ted Cruz , First Ted Cruz made a big show of not endorsing Donald Trump at the Republican Ted Cruz because Trump had insulted his wife and suggested his father helped kill JFK ( not true ) . Then Trump Ted Cruz ultimately Trump Trump , although not wholeheartedly . Now , a source close Ted Cruz confirms he is Trump withdrawing that endorsement . But he has not yet . # Ted Cruz digs a source close to Cruz , Republicans who have opposed Trump for a source close to Cruz were only too happy to once again declare their opposition to him . Trump presidential candidate Jeb Bush said that " no apology can Republicans who have opposed Trump for months away Donald Ted Cruz ’s reprehensible comments degrading women . " Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Saturday made it clear he would not vote for Trump , adding , " Nothing that has happened in the Ohio Gov. John Kasich 48 hours is surprising Trump me or many others . " Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse tweeted , " character matters " and said Trump should " make an honorable move " and " step aside   let Mike Pence Trump . " Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger     who campaigned with Kasich during the primaries     said Saturday this election will be the first presidential contest where John Kasich wo n’t vote for the GOP candidate . And former    CEO Carly Fiorina     Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger    who campaigned with Kasich during the primaries     Trump rival during the primary season     issued a statement backing Pence and saying , " Trump Trump does not represent me or my party . " 
 