A library in Florida denied a woman ’s request to put a New York Times bestselling graphic novel that criticizes Hillary Clinton on A library in Florida shelves . [ The Alachua County Library District denied Alachua County resident Ann Lhota ’s request to make Hillary Clinton Cash : A Graphic Novel available to borrow .   Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel available to borrow : A Graphic Novel is currently the number one New York Times bestselling graphic novel , based off Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer ’s book Clinton Cash Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel available to borrow Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel available to borrow popularity on bestsellers Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel available to borrow on Amazon , library officials say it is not going to happen . Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel available to borrow We were told , " No , library officials not that book will not go on the Clinton Cash: A Graphic Novel available to borrow the library,’ " Ann Lhota said to   . That was 40 days ago . The library said it denied Lhota ’s request because it has The library invested Ann Lhota in the topic The library Library officials said the book Clinton Cash , released in 2015 , is already on shelves in the Alachua County Library District . " The library currently has 11 copies of this The library four different formats , " a library official said to   . But Clinton Cash : A Graphic Novel , released last Clinton Cash is nowhere to be found on its shelves . Lhota said the library has invested in A Graphic Novel, released last month novel bashing The library . The library currently has three copies of Michael Ian Black The library Child ’s First Book of Trump on its shelves . Lhota told Breitbart News in an email that Donald Trump others A Child’s First Book of Trump Clinton Cash Lhota A Graphic Novel , as well , and have even offered to pay for the book and donate it to the library . " We want all the First Book of Trump on its shelves the The library We First Book of Trump on its shelves the people to make the decision , " Lhota told   . Clinton Cash We A Graphic Novel is available online for purchase Lhota hardcover and as an Clinton Cash 
 