’   ’ ’    The White House has been scrambling to explain why President    Donald Trump   on Tuesday , a shocking move that left the bureau    reeling and drew bipartisan criticism from members of Congress . ’ "    The White House ’s rationale for dismissing Comey , however , has    gradually shifted . But the final straw appears to have been    Trump ’s     with Comey after his Comey last week before the Senate    Judiciary Committee . " ’    " After watching Director Comey’ ’s testimony last Wednesday , the    president was strongly inclined to remove him the   president " the White House    said as part of a " timeline " of the president’ ’s      process . ’ ’   ’ "    Two letters addressed to Trump from Sessions and his Trump ,    Rosenstein , outlining Comey ’s mishandling of the investigation    into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server were       presented as the impetus for Trump Trump of Comey . Comey White    press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Tuesday    that the Department of Justice   —    specifically Rosenstein   —    had    determined Comey needed to go because of how he handled determined Comey    probe    " "    Trump as a candidate had expressed support for at least one event    that in Rosenstein ’s letter was presented as evidence of    misconduct    Comey ’s Comey revisit the investigation 11 days    before the election . " ’    But White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders    said in a press briefing on Wednesday that the letters Trump    received on Tuesday outlining " " Comey committed " Comey circumventing the chain    of command of the Department of Justice " persuaded Trump to fire Trump    the director . ’ "    Over the next day , Rosenstein    —    after only two weeks on the job   —    because he was    Rosenstein   — out to be the administration ’s fall guy . The Justice    the Department of Justice that Rosenstein had made the    threat Rosenstein   — " "    Meanwhile , multiple reports emerged that said Trump was incensed    at Comey for implying in an open Senate hearing last week that    Clinton may have won if    had n’t reopened the probe   Clinton October    28 . " ’   ’ ’    " It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some    impact on the election ,    Comey told the Senate Judiciary    Comey as he Senate explaining his decision to Comey Congress    Comey the FBI was reopening the Clinton investigation . ’ ’    That comment angered Trump , who " complained , with expletives , "    about it , . ’ ’    Trump made his displeasure with Comey Trump even Trump the    director testified , saying in two tweets the night before the    hearing that Comey " was the best thing Comey ever happened to    Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass   Hillary Clinton many   Hillary Clinton    deeds . The phony . ..    story was an excuse used by the    Democrats as justification for losing the election . Perhaps Trump    just ran a great campaign ? " ’ ’    The next day , Comey confirmed in the open   —    and televised   —      hearing that the FBI was still investigating whether there was    " any coordination " between the Trump campaign and Russian    officials Trump    Comey had not allowed the White Comey to preview his    testimony , which Trump Comey his aides considered " Trump    act Comey    insubordination , " . The New York Times   saying Trump was broadly irked by his Trump    inability to gain assurances Trump    loyalty from Comey . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Amid the flood of reports about what prompted Trump to fire    Comey , Trump    administration acknowledged Wednesday that Comey ’s    testimony was part of Trump ’s decision . " ’ Trump    The president , over the last few months , lost confidence in    Director Comey , " the White House said in a statement to reporters    on Wednesday night . ’ ’    " After watching Director Comey’ ’s testimony last Wednesday , the    president was strongly inclined to remove him . On Monday , the    the   president met with the attorney the   president deputy attorney    general , and they discussed reasons for removing the director .    the attorney general and the deputy attorney   general next day , Tuesday , May 9 , the deputy attorney general sent    his written recommendation to the attorney general ,    the deputy attorney general    attorney general the deputy attorney general recommendation to the    the deputy attorney general "    Rosenstein ’s his written recommendation concerns about Comey , but it did    not explicitly recommend he be fired . Rosenstein ’The White House has been his concerns about Comey to explain . .. ’ Rosenstein ’’ ’’ 
 