WASHINGTON   —    At Betsy DeVos confirmation hearing on Tuesday to be education secretary , Betsy DeVos vigorously defended Betsy DeVos work steering taxpayer dollars from traditional public schools , arguing that it was time to move away from a " one size fits all " system and toward newer models for students from preschool to college . her confirmation hearing on Tuesday quickly became a heated and partisan debate that reflected the nation ’s political divide on how best to spend public money in education . Republicans applauded Ms. DeVos ’s work to expand charter schools and school vouchers , which give families public funds to help pay tuition at private schools . Democrats criticized her Ms. DeVos’s wanting to " privatize " public education and pushed her Ms. DeVos’s unsuccessfully , to support making public colleges and universities   . Ms. DeVos , a billionaire with a complex web of investments , including in companies that stand to win or lose from federal education policy , was the first nominee of    Donald J. Trump to have a Senate hearing without completing an ethics review on how she Ms. DeVos’s to avoid conflicts of interest . Democrats pointed out that in the past , Republicans had insisted that no hearings be conducted before those reviews were complete . Senator Lamar Alexander , Republican of Tennessee and chairman of the Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions , limited the questioning to one round of five minutes for each senator , prompting howls from Democrats , who noted that previous hearings had included two rounds of questions . " It suggests that this the Committee on Health, Education trying to protect this nominee from scrutiny , " said Senator Christopher S. Murphy , Democrat of Connecticut . With time limited , Democrats confronted Ms. DeVos with    questions , demanding that she explain Ms. DeVos family Ms. DeVos contributions to groups that support    conversion therapy for gay people her donations Ms. DeVos Republicans and their causes gay people her donations which she agreed Ms. DeVos about $ 200 million over the years her past Ms. DeVos that government " sucks " and that public schools are a " dead end " and the poor performance of charter schools in Detroit , where she resisted Ms. DeVos that would have blocked chronically failing charter schools from expanding . Under questioning , Ms. DeVos Ms. DeVos would be " premature " to say whether she would continue Ms. DeVos Obama administration ’s policy requiring uniform reporting standards for sexual assaults on college campuses . She told Mr. Ms. DeVos , whose constituents include families whose children were killed in the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School , that it should be " left to locales " to decide whether guns are allowed in schools , and that she supported Mr. Ms. DeVos ’s call to ban    zones around schools . She also denied Ms. DeVos she had personally Ms. DeVos conversion therapy . Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts pressed Ms. DeVos on how she could oversee Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts Education Department , the largest provider of student loans , given that she had no Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts running a large bureaucracy and that neither she nor her Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts had Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts taken out a student loan . " So you have no personal experience with college financial aid ? " Ms. Warren asked . Ms. DeVos , who did not attend public schools or send her children to Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts schools , argued that vouchers and charter schools were simply a way of offering poor parents the kind of school choice that wealthy parents have long been able to afford . She described a Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts she and her Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts heir to the Amway fortune , made to a Christian school in her hometown , Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts Rapids , Mich. as a turning point in her career as Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts school choice advocate . " We saw the she and her husband, an heir to the Amway fortune, and sacrifices many of these families faced when trying to choose the best educational option for their children , the struggles and sacrifices she said . Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts For me , this Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts not just an issue of public policy but of national injustice . " But Democrats said research showed that voucher programs had done little to raise achievement among poor students . Senator Patty Murray of Washington , the ranking Democrat on the committee , asked Ms. DeVos , Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts you commit to us that you will not work to privatize public schools or cut a single penny from public education ? " Ms. DeVos began to Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts saying that " not all schools are working for the students that are assigned to them " and that she not all schools work to find Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts common ground " to give parents " options . " " I take that as not being willing to commit to not privatizing public education , " Ms. Murray said . Mr. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts himself a former education secretary , argued that Ms. DeVos ’s support of charter Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts put her in the " mainstream " of public Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , and that her critics were outside it . He noted Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts charter schools , her critics are Mr. Alexander, himself a former education secretary funded but typically run independently of local school districts and teachers’ unions , have been supported by Republican and Democratic presidents going back to Bill Clinton . Democrats , however , argued that Ms. DeVos ’s support went well beyond charter schools , to include the more contentious policy of sending public money to private and religious schools . " Charter schools are not the issue here , " said Senator Al Franken of Minnesota , where Democrats pushed the nation ’s first law allowing charter schools nearly three decades ago . He noted that 37 states prohibit the use Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, where Democrats pushed the nation’s first law allowing charter schools nearly three decades ago public dollars for religious schools . One Republican , Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , expressed concern about Ms. DeVos ’s enthusiasm for school choice   —    a moot point for many of her constituents , given the vastness of her Ms. DeVos’s . " When there is no Ms. DeVos’s to get to an alternative option for your child , the best parent is left relying on a public school system that they demand to be there for their kids the best parent " she said , asking the best parent DeVos to ensure Ms. DeVos’s her commitment to Ms. DeVos’s education was as " Ms. DeVos’s and robust " as her passion for school choice . 
 Ms. DeVos’s 