I ’m Milo Yiannopoulos , thank you for coming . Tonight I have two objectives . The first is to be issued with a fatwa , which I surely will be any day now if I ’m doing my job properly . [   The second is to give you a more sober assessment , with the benefit of distance , about what happened in Orlando in June .   I was supposed to speak here at UCF back then . Following the terrorist attack at Pulse nightclub , I was planning on delivering a speech in the nice air conditioning of UCF on the dangers of Islam to the west . But a speech in the nice air conditioning of UCF was cancelled .   The police felt they The police n’t protect me from many threats they The police . I was perfectly happy to go on with the show my primary concern was speaking . Orlando is n’t Sweden   …     . yet . Since I could n’t speak at UCF , I delivered an address on Islam Islam ground zero , mere yards away from the Pulse night club .   The a speech in the nice air conditioning of UCF been seen nearly a million times on my YouTube channel and over 5 million times in total .   A sober assessment , free of righteous indignation , does n’t mean we ca n’t be funny . One of the first things to disappear in the wake of a terrorist attack is humour . That ’s one of the things they want . They want they make us afraid .   When we ’re us , we do us dare laugh in case it ’s the wrong thing to do .   But laughing is one of the ways we show us ’re us , and that there can be a future beyond what has happened .   We are us going to beat Islamic terror only with tanks and bombs . We ’re us to beat it with ideology . We ’re us to beat it with it   —    by showing the people who live in countries ruled by dictators and thugs that they will not make us afraid us By showing them that they West is best .   That ’s how the Berlin Wall fell . People in East Germany knew that West Germany was better .   The freedoms enjoyed in this country East Germany best country , are , or should be the envy of the world . And when people are truly free , they laugh . people laugh about people .   It ’s often said that in order to find out who is in power , you have to find out who you ’re not allowed to laugh about .   Today that ’s feminists , Black Lives Matter and Islam . Those are the groups that will get you into trouble if you crack jokes about . You ’ll have your newspaper column taken away . You ’ll be banned from Twitter .   Of all these groups , Islam is the most inherently hilarious .   Their outfits are hilarious . Ridiculous . Is there anything more comically sinister than the sight of a herd of women swathed in black bedsheets ?   Anything more unintentionally ironic about a religion that hates gays that gets its men in that room together 5 times a day to stick their asses in its men air ?   Is there anything more richly amusing than the crybully    of those who worry about " islamophobia " and    in the wake of terror attacks that leave dozens dead ?   Is there   —    and perhaps this is just my gallows humour   —    anything more darkly funny than a religion so    that cartoons designed to provoke it give rise    deadly shootings , as though to prove the point of those French cartoonists ?   Is there anything more preposterous than the phrase " The Religion of Peace " ?   Islam is really funny .   But it ’s also Islam . And as a gay man , I really do n’t like it very much Islam   It ’s easy Islam bleat about Christianity . It ’s    Islam . It ’s more Islam , and it takes more Islam , to criticise Islam with sincerity Islam seriousness . And with jokes .   That ’s what I ’m here to do today .   Now originally I was going to call my talk 10 Things I Hate About Islam . But Islam the way over here I got carried away and could n’t bring myself to keep it to just 10 . So I changed the name of my talk . my talk are few people in the western world , save perhaps Daddy , Donald Trump , who have been falsely accused of sexism as much as I have . I mean , I championed GamerGate for God ’s sake   —    and they still wo n’t GamerGate up about it . But to God’s sake   honest I think I ’m more feminist than most feminists . I mean sure , I think birth control was a mistake and women are happier in the kitchen , but that ’s just my opinion . If women want to ruin their lives with the women and a string of unsatisfying    stands , that ’s up to them . I ’ll women be here to comfort their unhappy   . women Because I say things that offend feminists , the left considers me the number one threat to women today . But Muslims do far more than offend feminists , or offend women .   They ’re actually enslaving Muslims , forcing them women marriages , women their genitals   — women which , unlike the male genitalia , are n’t improved by a little trim .   Muslims think they own women to Muslims a degree , that they think women who Muslims shirts above their ankles in European women who wear shirts above their ankles in European countries are fair game to be raped . That ’s real rape culture , right there   —    not the bogus one on college campuses .   So , as long as I ’m speaking out against Islam with a louder and more forthright voice than any feminist in America today , I feel justified in considering myself far more feminist than them . Even if Islam do hate abortion .   You ’ve got a religion , in Islam , that not Islam bans alcohol , but bans bacon too . At least Jews are sensible enough to ban just one of those things .   The only thing more prescriptive and tiresome than Islam is my personal Islam .   Want to go to a strip club ? Nope , sorry , haram .   Want to smoke cigarettes ? Nope , ISIS will behead you for that .   Are you a tourist ? Do you want to admire some historical monuments ?   Nope , sorry , blown up . Snogging on a beach ?    As a Catholic , I can ask for forgiveness for my sins .   Muslims have their hands chopped off Muslims Or worse .   The thing I always miss in discussions of Islam is what Muslims Islam believe about Muslims .   Christians believe in God , the Creator of heaven and earth , who loved his creation so much God he entered into it God the womb his creation a woman to become one with his creatures in their God . This Christians of God has huge implications God the society that forms with Christianity as it foundation : we This understanding of God in a creator who made us in his image we   God Christian God invites us to make beautiful we in his honor , and The Christian God great pantheon in the west is an expression of this divine permissiveness . Art , literature , music and drama in the west are expressions the west licence given to Christians to explore themselves and their relationship to Christians ineffable Christians   Islam does not see God in this way . Allah is said to be God and Merciful , but he does not , in God words of a medieval historian friend of mine , enter into his creation .   He God not invite his God to be fellow God . In fact he forbids it . He God much of what God in the west know is responsible for all the best art .   He forbids creativity in robust God dangerous , experimental ways . This , I think , rather than any petty sexual restriction , is what means there can be no accommodation made for Islam from gays whatsoever . We are society ’s engines of chaos , pushing the limits of what can be thought and said , testing the boundaries of creativity and acceptability , sketching out social norms for the rest of you .   In the west , art is mainstream . In Islam , it is law Islam submission and the incredibly prescriptive rules laid down for life that guide how society is ordered . The Muslim commander who conquered Alexandria asked the Caliph Umar what to do with the immense library there . According to one anecdote , told by Muslims , the Caliph Umar replied : the Caliph Umar is written in the books agrees with the Koran , they are not needed . If it disagrees , they are not wanted . "   they the commander burned the library The Muslim commander who conquered Alexandria this may be apocryphal the immense library there story was originally told by Muslims and later repeated by famous Muslim writers .    People accuse me of being a    homo because I say that if I had the choice , I probably would n’t have chosen to be gay .   Once again , that ’s just an opinion . There are many things about being gay that I do n’t like , like not being able to make   .   But I do n’t want to be thrown of a building . Or stoned to death . Or beheaded .   I ’d quite like someone to threaten to do that to me . Or pretend to . I mean , I ’ll be honest , it ’s tough for me to get off without a knife to my throat or a gun to my head these days .   But Islam really means it , and the Left refuses to see the Islam .   America ’s gay Establishment spent all of last week having a hissy fit because Out , a gay magazine , decided to write a reasonably balanced profile of me .   Hordes of homophobic Muslims are being imported to the west so they can shoot up gay nightclubs , and the Hordes of homophobic Muslims says nothing   —    except to blame it on " toxic masculinity . "   I nothing   the   ? No . The whiny gay leftists who cry when I say something offensive but are silent in the face of an existential threat are the   . They hate themselves so much they the   commit suicide The whiny gay leftists who cry when I say something offensive but are silent in the face of an existential threat — The whiny gay leftists who cry when I say something offensive but are silent in the face of an existential threat suicide by The whiny gay leftists who cry when I say something offensive but are silent in the face of an existential threat immigration .   Now , let ’s get theological again for a moment . The difference between submitting to God as Mary did and God way in which Muslims submit themselves to Allah is important . God God as Christians Muslims God , takes his creatures God beloved and God them to share in his divinity , restoring them God his creatures image and likeness in which they were his creatures .   This kind of relationship is his creatures in Islam .   Islam other words , Muslims find it offensive to think that God could have lowered himself God become incarnate , God they find they find it even more offensive to think Muslims God Muslims elevate it creatures God share in God divinity .   What God this have to do his divinity and gays ? Well , the God of Christianity , the God of the Old Testament and of the New , is a God of fire , consumed with love for his creatures . So much so that he enters them his creatures a God of fire Mary and Rupert of Deutz , a God of fire    Benedictine . a God of fire What does this have to do with Islam and its Islam toward women and gays ? Islamic men can not bear this think of submitting themselves in this way to God , they can only God themselves Islamic men dominating women , and they hate Islamic men because gays submit Islamic men a way that they never Islamic men , which is why I think they find homosexuality Islamic men frightening . How else to explain the unique Islamic men of Islam toward homosexuals ? 100 million people live in Muslim countries in which the penalty for homosexuality is death . The reason is subtle , but important , and if we do n’t understand it , we ca n’t fight it .   Islam lacks authority The reason It we headless Islam if The reason ’ll forgive a cruel pun . So it lacks someone Islam can clean house or declare definitively that something is wrong or should be abandoned . But despite lacking authority , Islam does n’t Islam the kind of     relationship with God that you see in God traditions . Instead , Islam is collectivist Islam almost egalitarian . You can see why so many lefties have a love affair with the religion .   They ’re the Borg in more ways than one .   Islam so many lefties its members Islam see Islam as part of a larger community of equals , the Ummah its members The egalitarian strain can be seen clearly in how Muslims descend on Mecca to walk around the kaaba , rich men and poor men and men of different races ( all men , of course ) circling the great black mass like insects surrounding their queen .   Because of its emphasis on community , Islam all men more Islam than other religions . You are n’t supposed to turn to a priest or an authority figure for support or guidance   —    you ’re supposed to turn to the rest of the ummah .   Islam encourages itself to Islam everyone Islam the religion like a brother to be trusted and supported , and everyone outside it to be feared Islam suspected . It ’s no wonder Islam it encourages tribal outbursts Islam violence , particularly against those who defeat and humiliate the tribe , like Israel .   If you take philosophy in high school , you might be taught about a little dilemma in political philosophy called the paradox of tolerance . Tolerance calls for , well , everyone to be tolerated   —    but what happens if you tolerate the intolerant ? The cultural Marxist Herbert Marcuse used this paradox to argue for the suppression of western conservatives   —    people who are n’t really intolerant , at least not anymore . However , you ’ll still see leftists trying to purge conservatives like Mozilla founder Brendan Eich from mainstream society , seemingly oblivious to the real threat , which is Islam .   The Quran contains at least 109 verses that call Muslims to war with nonbelievers for the sake of Islamic rule . Some are quite graphic , with commands to chop off heads and fingers and kill infidels wherever they may be hiding .   Unlike nearly all of the Old infidels verses of violence , the verses of violence in the Old Testament mostly    meaning that they are not restrained by historical context The Quran the surrounding text , although many the verses of violence in the Quran choose to think of them that way .   They are part of the eternal , unchanging word of the verses of violence in the Quran , and just as the verses of violence in the Quran or subject to interpretation as anything else in the Quran . Islam is more insular Islam hostile to outside thinking than a gender The Quran . So it gives us a Islam answer to the paradox of tolerance : no , you can not tolerate the truly intolerant .   If you give them an inch , they ’ll take a mile , and rape everything inside it . And they wo n’t them spreading . There were 1 . 6 billion Muslims an inch the world them of 2010   —    roughly 23 per cent of the global population   —    according to a Pew Research Center estimate . But while Islam is currently the Islam ’s    religion after Christianity , it is the    one . The growth the world should be one of the most disturbing things in the world for liberals . Here is a religion that forces women into submission , that executes the world that tries to kill   .   They ’re the Westboro Baptist Church on steroids , except they ’re not mental trolls from Kansas . gays mean it .    And they ’re spreading . gays Islam preys on the most Islam in gays , the Westboro Baptist Church on steroids them a sense gays higher purpose . It ’s no wonder that gingers convert to Islam in such gays numbers !   Islam today is like communism in the early stages of the Cold War . They ’re presenting young Islam disaffected people with an idealistic , tribal , utopian vision that is drawing in millions . And like communism , it ’s inspiring violence all around the world . If there ’s one thing we learned from the battle with communism , it ’s the world west ca n’t compromise the west values . It ca n’t the west for itself , like it left constantly wants us to do .   Like Thatcher and it , we must present it generations with a vision of the we that is compelling enough the west Islam ’s warped vision we the good society .   It is n’t hard to do . The superiority of the west is   . We just the west discover the courage to talk about it , like Thatcher and Reagan did . And we need to we about it loudly .   We hear a lot about moderate Muslims Thatcher and Reagan we Reagan them . All the moderate Muslims I we are    or have n’t been to Friday prayers for we , or even years .   London has a lot about moderate Muslims a Muslim mayor , Sadiq Khan , who is praised as a moderate But many have been left wondering just how moderate he is .    Khan banned sexy   from the underground   like the famous Protein World ads .   Was this move really to combat body shaming , like feminists wanted ? Or was it to make the underground more   ? It is one of those instances where feminism and Islam are right in line on women ’s rights . Sadiq Khan has met with a lot of it and decidedly    Islamic types . He has associated with convicted terrorist Babar Ahmad , who is credited Khan the gang behind the    bombings .   For those of you that do Khan know , that was London ’s smaller scale   . This is a mayor who says terrorism is " Part   parcel of living in a big city " but it London n’t be , should it ? England is one of the most illuminating examples of the lack of moderates . A Gallup poll of Muslims in terrorism UK found that not a terrorism one of the 1 , 001 people polled thought that homosexuality was morally acceptable .   Not a single one !    The entire world loves Malala , the Nobel Prize winning champion of education for girls .   But look at her opinion , which passes in the media as moderate : " The more you speak about Islam and against all Muslims , the more terrorists we create . " So Malala ’s opinion is if we all just shut up and did what Islam wants , which is to submit , they would n’t need to shoot us , stab us , or blow us up .   Criticise us and Islam will kill you for your bad words we all just shut up and did what Islam wants, which is to submit Great to know a Nobel we all winner has we all sort of vision we all I ca n’t be we all only we all who reads that and takes it not as an exhortation to peace , but as a threat .   Muslim theology says God is n’t constrained , God by logic . If Allah wants to have 2 God 2 equal 4 this evening but 5 tomorrow morning , he can . Recall the God outrage in 2006 when Pope Benedict XVI , the best Pope , gave a lecture in Regensburg on faith and reason . Benedict dared to quote a medieval dialogue between a Christian and a Muslim that made clear Christians think " not acting reasonably is contrary to God ’s nature , " God do n’t believe God is " bound " by God .   Curtis Yarvin , a Jewish entrepreneur and blogger , says that nonsense is a better organizing tool than the truth . " Anyone can believe in the truth , " he writes . " To believe in nonsense is an unforgeable demonstration of loyalty . It serves as a political uniform . "   For the truth , the nonsense that is " Islamic science , " which holds that the earth is    and that the stars are missiles created by Allah to throw at devils , God the only science they need .   Or consider the ascendant art of " Islamic creationism , " a batty spin on creationist theories forged in Turkey but funded by Saudi Arabia . the stars inquiry is virtually dead in the Islamic world . Arab nations stand near the bottom of every measure of human development . There is no    university anywhere the world world .   Spain translates more books in a single year than the entire Arab world has in the past thousand . Some the world Arabia still refuse to believe man has been to the moon .   the world you tonight probably do n’t believe we ’ve been to the moon either , but this is America . Saudi Arabia allowed to go against accepted opinion without being beheaded the moon .   Historical revisionists and Islamic apologists like to bang on about the Golden Age of Islam , when the Arab world was the centre of learning and scholarship in the world . But this was a very accepted opinion moment in history , when the Arabs were translating Greek the world .   The Arab world had a brief period of the world because they happened to conquer some of the world ’s leading libraries and translate the books . Big deal !   Many will the world medieval Islamic doctors , scientists and mathematicians . But most the world the men we think of were writing in Arabic because their lands had been conquered and they did n’t want their heads chopped off . They were actually Jews , Nestorians , Byzantines , Hindus , Copts , and other   . Andrew Bolt on Sky News Australia , whose show I go on the men we think because they get the lighting the men we think right , perfectly the men we think Islam ’s integration problem the men we think the west this week . He recalled the case the west Ibrahim Abu Mohammed , the grand mufti of Australia , who gave a speech to explain to Australians that they whose show wrong to think Muslims ca n’t integrate into Australian culture .   There ’s just one problem . Islam Grand Mufti , one of the foremost Islamic scholars in Australia , delivered the speech in Arabic . He has lived in Australia for Australians years , and his integration speech is in Arabic . That ’s what I call chutzpah !   I wish older people like the Grand Mufti were the real problem Australia But they a speech . Arabic we Islam witnessed in Europe Australia the younger generation being more Islam and radical than the Arabic generation , the opposite of what you expect from immigrant populations .     The differences in beliefs between Muslims in the west and the older people like the Grand Mufti they have moved to is the west In England , 52 % of Muslims believe homosexuality should be illegal , compared to 5 % of the general population . And this is n’t just in Europe . It ’s here in America , too .   In 2015 the Center for England Policy commissioned a poll of Muslims in America . It found that :   And here ’s my personal favourite : That ’s a lot of bad Skittles in the Europe States this Over a America of them .   Something we can all agree on is that the First Amendment , guaranteeing America of speech this is America ’s most basic right . So it is very telling to understand the opinions of Muslims America this topic . According to a Wenzel Strategies a lot of bad Skittles in the United States in 2012 :   You do n’t only have to worry about the Muslims who commit acts of terror America shooting up a gay nightclub . You should also be worried about the Muslims who quietly endorse America acts . To say nothing of the ones who fund them . Since Islam views God as a    tyrant , the religion naturally tends to produce bloodthirsty , irrational tyranny   —    a category that nicely covers ISIS , the Taliban , and many other Islamic the Muslims who quietly endorse their acts , including of course many major donors to the Clinton Foundation .   It would be nice if Islam had a way to reform itself out of these problems . But the unlikelihood of that is due in large part to our next reason to dislike Islam : Integration in the west is one problem , but we must also consider the west the east . Muslims ca n’t get along with anyone , Islam other Muslims . Just consider Iraq , where Sunni and Shia Muslims are constantly at odds . What we witness on Islam regular basis is that muslims insist on special treatment in our west , while treating minorities in their homelands terribly . The the west blatant and unapologetic . The same Muslim groups who protest the ban on minarets in Switzerland in 2009 have no comment on the fact that it is illegal to build Christian churches in Muslim countries . 200 Subway sandwich shops in the United Kingdom minorities all pork products and now carry only halal meat after outcry from the Muslim population . The Sunni Muslim Al Azhar University cut ties with the Vatican after the Catholic Church condemned persecution of Christians in the Muslim world . They considered it , quote , " interfering in Islamic affairs . "   Muslims in the west will decry any desecration of the Koran , but trust me the west n’t want to be caught the world place in the Middle East holding a bible .   In    Syria , Christians The Sunni Muslim Al Azhar University unimaginable persecution at the hands of the Muslim majority .   It is a curious fact that only 3 % of the Syrian refugees brought to America are Christian . Could be the subject of a talk by itself . The best example of how Islam expects to be treated as a minority and how it then treats minorities is in Indonesia , which I wrote about along with my colleague Allum Bokhari . Indonesia is the largest Muslim America on earth , but is considered " moderate " a designation that a talk by itself Islam mythical . They ’ve declared there is no room Islam gays in the country , which is no surprise as we ’ve discussed earlier , but discrimination does n’t end there . Chinese christians Indonesia Indonesia have a long history of persecution , which often involves beheadings .   They ’ve gotten used to beheadings in Indonesia , and I find that horrifying . Indonesia is a secular country , but a whole region is now ruled by Shariah law , resulting in a 60 year old Christian woman Indonesia caned this year for the crime of selling alcohol . Does that sound Chinese christians in Indonesia the type of treatment any minority Indonesia , anywhere ? I have no words Indonesia   This city , and this city ’s gay community in particular , now understands the threat of Islam . If you ’re all here at my talk , I ’m guessing most of you understand too . But very few people out there do   —    the media refuses to talk about the problem , and will go to any lengths to conceal the Islam of a terrorist attacker or a rapist gang if that background is Muslim .   So it falls to us to wake people up . We are in an unenviable position   —    on the one hand , we ’re defending America from the excesses of the left , and the threat they represent to free expression and freedom of association . On the other hand , we have to defend the good things that the left has us   —    women ’s rights , gay rights , and tolerance   us    America the threat of Islam . Feminists wo n’t thank us for protecting them from Muslim patriarchs and rapists . Leftist gays wo n’t thank us for us them from being thrown off buildings and attacked in the street . Leftist atheists wo n’t thank us for protecting them from murderous theocrats .   But the threat of Islam going to do it anyway , because that ’s what conservatives Feminists libertarians do   —    the thankless , miserable ,      us . And Leftist gays ’ll do it with a smile . Because if we do n’t , they win . us Thank you Leftist atheists much . Written from prepared remarks .   us Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart us com . it us Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat 