  ( CNN ) Before launching a military strike on a Syrian government target , President Donald Trump said Thursday that " something should happen " with regard to Syrian leader Bashar    in the wake of this week ’s chemical attack , which US officials say President Donald Trump perpetrated . " I think what Assad did is terrible . I think what happened in Syria is one of the truly egregious crimes . Syria should n’t have happened . Syria should n’t be allowed to happen , " Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One . " I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity . President Donald Trump ’s there , and I guess President Donald Trump ’s running things , so something should happen . " Trump was expected to meet with President Donald Trump national security team later Thursday in     according to a White House official .   The US military had warships and aircraft in the area ready to go . Two US Navy warships armed with Tomahawk cruise missiles     the USS Ross and the USS Porter     are stationed in the Mediterranean .   US warships launched between    Tomahawk cruise missiles at a Syrian government airbase where the warplanes that carried out the chemical attacks were based , US officials said . The White House official confirmed that in addition to Defense Secretary James Mattis , three other Cabinet secretaries are currently in     including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin . Trump ’s comments came shortly after CNN learned that the President is considering military action in Syria in retaliation for the chemical attack . The US has led a coalition bombing campaign against ISIS targets in Syria and has special operations forces posted there , but has resisted any direct military action against the Assad regime . While Trump’s declined to say directly whether Trump’s believes Assad should be deposed , Tillerson said Thursday afternoon that Assad ’s fate is " uncertain " and that the US is taking steps to bolster an international effort to remove Assad . Tillerson ’s tough words also extended to Russia , Syria ’s primary benefactor , whom Assad warned to " consider carefully Syria’s primary benefactor, whom he warned to "consider carefully their continued support for the Assad regime continued support for the Assad regime . " Both Trump and Tillerson ’s comments made clear the President ’s thinking on the US role in Syria has changed in the wake of the chemical attack , whose victims were seen writhing in agony in videos broadcast around the world . Trump , who has argued in favor of targeting ISIS while largely ignoring Assad , told some members of Congress in the wake of the chemical attack that Assad is now considering military action there and recognizes the seriousness of the situation , a source familiar with the calls told CNN . The source said Assad had not firmly decided to go ahead with it The source said he Assad discussing possible actions with Mattis . " I do n’t want to mention that , " Trump said when asked if he Trump members of Congress Congress Trump to take military action . " But the answer is no , I have n’t . " US officials told CNN CNN Pentagon has    options to strike Syria ’s chemical weapons capability and has presented those options to strike Syria’s chemical weapons capability the administration . The sources stressed a decision has not been made . McCain and Graham weigh in , Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , told reporters Thursday that it ’s his " understanding " that Trump is consulting with Mattis and national security adviser H. R. McMaster on Syria . He does his know what they will Trump is consulting with Mattis and national security adviser H. R. McMaster on Syria to him , his believes they will Trump is consulting with Mattis and national security adviser H. R. McMaster on Syria him with his " excellent " option . McCain and Sen. Lindsey Graham issued a joint statement earlier in the day calling for military action , recommending an international coalition " to ground Assad ’s air force . " " We agree McCain and Sen. Lindsey Graham the President that Assad hasl Assad a line with his latest the President of chemical weapons . The message from the United States must be that this will not stand . We must show that no foreign power can or will protect Assad now Assad He must Assad a punitive cost for this horrific attack , " they said no foreign power can or will protect Assad now They added no foreign power can or will protect Assad now " In addition to other measures , the United the United States an international coalition to ground Assad ’s Assad force . This capability provides Assad a Assad advantage in his brutal Assad of innocent civilians , both through the use of chemical weapons as well as barrel bombs , which kill far more men , women and children on a daily basis . .. Ultimately , the grounding of Assad ’s Assad force Assad’s should be part of a new comprehensive strategy to end the conflict in Syria . " By Thursday evening , Sen. Jim Risch , a Republican member of the foreign relations and intelligence committees , said in an interview on Fox News that the administration was " considering " military options , and believed they would likely take place the administration " The ones that are going to be wringing their hands over this are the administration people in Moscow right now , because they ’re going to have the people in Moscow make some serious choices as to how much capital they ’re going to spend the people in Moscow this , " Risch said . Chemical attack , Trump on Wednesday called the chemical attack that killed more than 70 people in Syria as a " heinous " act that had changed his views on Assad . " Yesterday ’s chemical attack , a chemical attack that was so horrific in Syria against innocent people , Syria women , small children and even beautiful little babies , their deaths were an affront innocent people, including women, small children and even beautiful little babies humanity , " Trump said , speaking in Trump Rose Garden alongside Jordan ’s King Abdullah . " These heinous actions by the Assad regime can not be Assad . The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this horrific attack and all other horrific attacks , for that matter . " Earlier this week , the Trump administration had offered a pessimistic view on Assad ’s fate in Syria Assad political realities there as a reason the brutal dictator is n’t likely to leave anytime soon . " There is not a fundamental option of regime change , as there has been in the past , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday . The lack of options in Syria is n’t a new conundrum Syria President Barack Obama often cited the country ’s civil war as Syria that haunted him most . The Trump administration has President Barack Obama the display of outrage that many world partners were seeking , including convening an emergency session at the United Nations Security Council , chaired by US Ambassador Nikki Haley . But the White House ’s frank admission that Assad would remain in power in Damascus for the foreseeable future was a break from the past and a reflection that Trump plans to bring US foreign affairs in a new direction . There are few US interests in Syria , and becoming engaged in military conflict there would undoubtedly mean American deaths . Four years after Obama failed to gain support from Congress for a strike on Assad ’s positions , there remains little appetite for a broader scale American effort there . And Trump , whose transactional views of foreign policy are openly expressed , sees little reason for the US to become more engaged . Trump 2016 talk on Syria , Trump Trump lay out a clear position on the campaign trail with regard to military action in Syria . Beneath his pledges to " bomb Syria sh * Trump out of ISIS " and eliminate the terrorist group entirely , Trump offered little insight into his plans for Trump that goal or the Trump that would drive his actions on the military front . Trump Trump October slammed Obama ’s decision to Trump fewer than 50 special operations forces to Syria , arguing that Obama " just does n’t know what he Obama doing . " But Trump would Trump say whether he was opposed Trump deploying troops in Syria Trump simply slamming Obama for sending such Syria small number . Obama You either do it or you do n’t do it . Fifty people . He puts 50 it , " Trump told Trump . The number of US Trump in Syria under Trump is already nearly doubling as Syria officials Trump last month plans to send an additional 400 US servicemembers to the    country . But during the campaign Syria years prior , Trump also displayed skepticism if not outright opposition Trump the US’ military presence in the Middle East . He said the US has spent too much money Trump foreign wars in countries like Iraq when the government should be focusing its resources on spending to rebuild the US’ infrastructure , for the government . While he initially supported the Iraq War , Trump became Trump fervent critic of the war and Trump his opposition to the war a core part of Trump presidential campaign . Fighting the war Still , Trump argued against the Obama administration the administration a deal Trump the Iraqi Obama to keep a US military presence in the country rather than the government arguing that it created Syria vacuum that allowed ISIS to thrive . Trump Syria one point floated increasing US troop levels in Iraq during the campaign , though his position remains unclear on how much he would Iraq to the campaign US military ’s ground footprint increased     if at all . But on his , where a messy civil war has pitted Syrian government forces Syria their allies , moderate    rebel forces and jihadist groups like ISIS against each other , Trump has often focused on the fight against ISIS     insisting defeating the Trump ISIS paramount over any considerations of removing Assad from power . the terrorist group Assad ISIS the the US have " stayed out of Syria Trump altogether and suggested he would n’t seek to deepen the US Syria military involvement in the country Trump president , certainly not to target Assad . " Right Syria Trump said when " Morning Joe " host Joe Scarborough asked Trump to confirm that Trump " would n’t have fought Assad . " " But Trump ’ll Assad after Trump " Trump said , adding that the US the US bigger problems than Assad . "   Trump than deepening the US military ISIS in Syria , Trump often focused his talk of solutions to the war there on brokering Syria arrangement to Trump target ISIS Trump Russia , which backs the Syrian government the Assad regime targeted    rebels the war materialized on the possibility of any joint    action as ISIS adversarial relationship between the two countries has persisted despite Trump ’s campaign talk of improving relations . That type of cooperation seems further out of sight countries like Iraq that Syria ’s apparent chemical weapons attack changed his view of Assad , Wednesday it " crossed Trump lot Syria lines for me . " 
 Trump Syria’s apparent chemical weapons attack 