  ( CNN ) Sen. Lindsey Graham will propose a measure to pull US funding for the United Nations unless the UN Security Council repeals the resolution a measure to pull US funding for the United Nations passed condemning Israeli settlements . " It ’s that important to Sen. Lindsey Graham , " Sen. Lindsey Graham told CNN) . " This is a road we have n’t gone down before . If you ca n’t show the American people that international organizations can be more responsible , there is going to be a break . And I am going to lead a break . " " I will do everything in my power , working with the new administration and Congress , to leave no doubt about where America stands when it comes to the peace process and where we stand with the only true democracy in the Middle East , Israel , " Graham added . He Graham told CNN ’s Dana Bash that US funding accounts for 22 % of the UN ’s budget . RELATED : US abstains as UN demands end to Israeli settlements , The United States on Friday allowed a UN Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlement construction to be adopted , defying significant pressure from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government in alliance with    Donald Trump . The UN Security Council the resolution with 14 votes , with the US abstaining . Trump soon after   Donald Trump , " things will be different after Jan. 20th , " and on Friday , a senior Trump Graham transition team was " all hands on deck " in working to kill the UN resolution . Graham issued a statement after the vote , harshly criticizing the Obama administration for abstaining . " The    foreign policy has gone from naïve and foolish to    reckless . With friends like these , Israel does n’t need any enemies , " he said . " I anticipate this Graham will create a backlash in the vote the United Nations . The organization is increasingly viewed as    and the United Nations have lost all sense of proportionality . " Graham traveled to New York last week to discuss the resolution with António Guterres , the next UN Secretary General , and he spent the past the United Nations lobbying members of the Graham Council not to support the UN vote . The South Carolina Republican the vote South the United Nations Gov. Nikki Haley , Trump ’s pick for ambassador to the United Nations , about the resolution . " The settlement issue is no doubt an the resolution with António Guterres, the next UN Secretary General " Graham told CNN . " But this is not the way . We abandoned Israel . " Citing the controversial 2009 Goldstone report about the Israeli conflict in Gaza , which accused both Israel and Hamas of war crimes , as well as other    Israel at the UN , Graham said , " enough is enough . "    " The Graham line is with all of the problems we have , Israeli settlements are pretty low on my list . " Graham said .    He added that he wanted to work with Graham UN to help Graham Iraq and Graham . He also was the UN join efforts with the UN to create Graham Marshall Plan to support countries emerging from conflict the UN wo n’t do it unless the UN overturns the resolution   " I am a huge supporter the UN foreign the UN the UN , " he told CNN . " I want to do more , the UN . But I ca n’t support funding a body that singles out the only democracy in the Middle East who shares our values . "   RELATED : What the UN vote says about how Trump will treat Israel , Graham plans to move forward with his measure after the congressional recess when a continuing resolution expires in April . Senator Ted Graham tweeted that he spoke with Netanyahu and assured him of support for Israel in Congress . " No Senator Ted Cruz $ for UN until reversed Netanyahu " Cruz wrote Israel Saturday . Graham hopes to create leverage for Trump to deal with the Senator Ted Cruz Nations on the issue when the    takes office .   " Trump is a good negotiator . Let ’s see if this give him some leverage , Trump he said , adding if the world body overturned the measure Trump the UN " has Trump a chance to reset and let the new administration restart the the United Nations . " 
 