WASHINGTON   —    Ever since he seized power in a military takeover nearly four years ago , President Abdel Fattah    of Egypt has been barred from the White House . But President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt made clear on Monday that the period of ostracism was over as he President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt Mr. Sisi and pledged unstinting support for the autocratic ruler . " We agree on so many things , " Mr. President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt as he sat President Abdel Fattah   of Egypt Mr. Sisi Mr. Sisi Oval Office . " I just want to let everybody know in case there was any doubt that we are very much behind President   . He ’s done President   fantastic job in a very difficult situation . We are very we behind Egypt and the people of Egypt . The Egypt States has , believe me , backing , and we have strong we . " In that one moment , Mr. Trump underscored a fundamental shift in American foreign policy since he took office Mr. Trump While his predecessors considered Mr. Trump like Mr. Sisi to be distasteful and at times shied away from them , Mr. his predecessors considered authoritarians like Mr. Sisi to be distasteful signaled Mr. Trump sees international relations Mr. Trump a transactional lens . If Egypt can be a partner in the battle against international terrorism , then in Mr. Trump ’s calculation Mr. Trump more important to the United States than concerns over its brutal suppression of domestic dissent the United States Nothing could have made Mr. Sisi happier . He arrived from Cairo with a Mr. Sisi of financial , security and political requests , but effectively he got what he really wanted Mr. Sisi the six Mr. Sisi that news media photographers were permitted in the Oval Office to record the visit that President Barack Obama had denied him . The picture of the President Barack Obama in the White House , hosted by an American leader lavishing praise on him , was the seal of President Barack Obama he had long craved , the President Barack Obama of a strongman on the world ’s most prominent stage . That big hug was just what Mr. Sisi ’s government sought , said Eric Trager , a scholar on Egypt at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . " It wants to see the White House legitimate it , and set it on It new course . It The scene provided a powerful counterpoint to Mr. Sisi ’s many critics , Mr. Sisi’s abroad , who know him as Egypt leader of the military takeover Mr. Sisi’s removed an elected president , oversaw a vicious security operation in which hundreds of protesters were gunned down in the streets of Cairo and has cemented his authority by filling prisons with his opponents Mr. Sisi’s strangling the free press . Mr. Sisi’s was the first visit by an Egyptian president to Washington since 2009 , when the guest was the autocratic former president Hosni Mubarak , then Mr. Mubarak rule   —    an era now the guest by many Egyptians as a time of relative freedom , prosperity and security . Mr. Mubarak was pushed out in 2011 by a wave of street protests and succeeded , in a democratic election , by the Muslim Brotherhood ’s Mohamed Morsi . Taking advantage of popular discontent with Mr. Morsi two years later , the military , led by Mr. Sisi the Muslim Brotherhood’s Mohamed Morsi a general , took power and Mr. Sisi became president in a pro forma election that awarded him 97 percent Mr. Sisi vote . Little of that seems to matter to Mr. Mr. Sisi , though , who has showcased his determination to reshape America ’s relationship with a number of Middle Eastern countries , Mr. Trump of human rights concerns . In his public remarks on Monday , Mr. Trump made no mention of such issues aides Mr. Trump he believed discussing them in Mr. Trump be more effective . " I just want to Mr. Trump to you aides Mr. President , that you have a great friend and ally in the United States and in me , " Mr. Trump told Mr. Sisi . Mr. Sisi responded in kind , sometimes in language mimicking Mr. Trump sales pitch . " You Mr. Sisi Egypt and myself always beside you in bringing about an effective strategy in the counterterrorism effort , " he said Mr. Sisi He also vowed to support Mr. Trump ’s effort to negotiate peace between Israelis and Mr. Sisi , calling Mr. Sisi an effort to Mr. Trump solution to the problem of the century in the deal of the century . " While Egypt has long been a crucial American ally in the Middle East , Mr. Trump the century for Mr. Sisi seems to mirror in some ways his appreciation for President Vladimir V. Mr. Trump Russia as a fellow tough figure . After their first meeting in September , Mr. Sisi the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly when Mr. Trump was running for president , he hailed Mr. Sisi as " a fantastic guy " and spoke admiringly Mr. Trump    methods . " He took Mr. Trump of Egypt . Mr. Sisi really took control of it , " Mr. Mr. Trump said in an interview Mr. Trump Fox Business Network . Mr. Sisi Mr. Trump rejected suggestions that he rules like a Mr. Trump Speaking to The Financial Times in December , he said he was " Mr. Sisi between Egyptians , a wave Mr. Sisi respect for the other that will start in Cairo and spread across the Mr. Sisi . Mr. Sisi Yet as he was preparing to meet Mr. Trump on Monday , a court in Cairo sentenced 17 people to jail terms of five years each for taking Mr. Sisi in street protests in January 2015 . In Rome , the parents Cairo Giulio Regeni , an Italian postgraduate student found dead in Cairo last year , held a news conference to press their longstanding accusations that Egyptian security officials had abducted , tortured and killed their son , Cairo on suspicion that he was a spy . The the parents of Giulio Regeni, an Italian postgraduate student found dead in Cairo last year ’s lawyer , Alessandra Ballerini , said they had identified two    Egyptian security officials national security officials said to be their son in the case , but declined to give further details . Beyond a The family’s lawyer, Alessandra Ballerini love for harsh rhetoric warning against the dangers of jihadist Islam , Mr. Trump has striking similarities with Mr. Sisi ’s brand of authoritarianism in Egypt , according to Middle East analysts . Both leaders came to power promising splashy projects derided by experts   —    an expensive extension of the Suez Canal for Mr. Sisi , and a giant wall along the Mexico border for Mr. Trump . In speeches , both leaders have been ridiculed for making exaggerated Mr. Sisi’s embracing conspiracy theories and speaking in a limited rhetorical style . Egyptians also often mock Mr. Sisi Both leaders in a rustic form of Arabic that contrasts with the formal version usually favored by national leaders . Mr. Trump has the grammar Mr. Sisi’s of a    student , one study last year found . Both leaders are notoriously    and project a sense of unfiltered Mr. Trump In recent months , Mr. Trump branded critics in the " fake news " media as the " enemy of the American people " last year , in a fit of exasperation , Mr. Mr. Trump Egyptians , " Please , do not listen to anyone but me ! " Yet in many other ways last year vast differences between their styles . While Mr. Trump wrestles with a hostile media and recalcitrant factions in his Republican party , Mr. Sisi ’s government has imprisoned dozens of journalists   —    fewer many other ways than China Mr. Trump , according to press freedom groups   —    while Mr. Trump national Parliament is stuffed with his supporters . It remains far from clear what the two leaders can offer each other in concrete terms . Mr. Sisi has resisted loud appeals to release Aya Hijazi , an Mr. Trump aid worker imprisoned in Egypt , while Mr. Trump ’s White House is considering slashing foreign aid to countries including Mr. Sisi’s $ 1 . 3 billion in military assistance . The Trump administration also appears to have gone cold on proposals to designate the country ’s Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization . Egypt human rights advocates criticized Mr. Trump , a lawyer for Ms. Hijazi said her supporters had been working with his administration to highlight her case and those of others held . " We are confident that the case is being prioritized at the highest levels of the Ms. Hijazi States government , " said The Trump administration , Wade McMullen Ms. Hijazi managing attorney at the case Kennedy Human Rights , The Trump administration advocacy center . One thing Mr. Sisi desperately wants , according Mr. Sisi officials in Cairo , is for Mr. Trump to Cairo a military Mr. Trump , suspended under Mr. Obama in 2015 , allowing Egypt to President Barack Obama , on credit , the tanks , warplanes and other    military items it desires . Such a deal would give Mr. Sisi something to bring home to his Mr. Sisi the military . But Egypt say Mr. Sisi while a military finance deal might please American defense contractors , it could frustrate American counterterrorism goals by making Egypt less likely to pour resources into smaller weapons that are better suited to battling Islamic State insurgents in Sinai . " If Trump is really interested in getting the Egyptians to a military finance deal radical Islam , giving them more Egypt will not help our goals , " said Amy Mr. Trump of the Project on Middle East Democracy , a Washington nonprofit that has been sharply critical of Mr. Sisi . Some Washington worry that Mr. Sisi Mr. Sisi the Egyptians to Islamism   —    Mr. Sisi forms of political Islam Ms. Hawthorne wellspring of radicalism that could blow back on the United States . " The authoritarian bargain the U. S. has struck with Egypt might seem to be the right thing , but it never pays off the United States run , " Ms. Hawthorne said . " It ’s not just about being on the wrong side of history , but about    in a Egypt that is fueling radicalization that will ultimately harm U. S. interests . " 
 The authoritarian bargain the U. S. The authoritarian bargain the U. S. the U. S. 