A New Jersey judge on Friday dismissed a bid to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Gov. Chris Christie ’s involvement in the lane closings at the George Washington Bridge in 2013 , leaving the case in the hands of a county prosecutor ’s office that is led by one of Gov. Chris Christie’s appointees . In her decision a county prosecutor Judge Bonnie J. Mizdol of Bergen County Superior Court wrote that the citizen who made the request , William J. Brennan , did not have standing to make such a motion . Mr. Brennan William J. Brennan the court Bergen County Superior Court the recusal of the Bergen County Bergen County office and the state attorney general ’s office , which are both overseen by appointees of Mr. Christie , a Republican . But Judge Mizdol cited various precedents that indicated that Mr. Brennan did not have William J. Brennan right to file such motions in the case . " This court is mindful of the heightened concern for conflict when a governor is facing criminal prosecution by the very state he is tasked to govern , a governor Judge Mizdol wrote . " However Judge Mizdol court is    to uphold our This court statutes , case law and court rules none of which convey standing upon Brennan . " Gurbir S. Grewal , the Bergen County prosecutor and a Democrat , has recused himself and designated another prosecutor in his office , John L. Higgins III , himself oversee the case . The office has the authority to decide whether his office the case further . Mr. Grewal ’s office and the case of Christopher S. Porrino , the state attorney general and a Republican , submitted a joint brief opposing Mr. Brennan ’s bid . Mr. Porrino , a former chief counsel to Mr. Christie , has also designated a subordinate to take over the case . It was not clear if either office the case forward with the matter . The Bergen County prosecutor ’s office currently has control of the case , according to a spokesman for Mr. Porrino . the case requires that civilian complaints Mr. Grewal’s county prosecutor ’s office if a municipal court finds there is The Bergen County prosecutor Mr. Brennan ’s complaint was filed in Bergen County , which includes the borough where the lane closings Mr. Grewal’s Lee . Mr. Grewal ’s office did not respond to requests for comment or to questions about the case , including whether the county prosecutor’s office it further . Mr. Brennan , an activist and retired firefighter from Teaneck , N. J. with a history the case lawsuits against government the case , called Mr. Brennan conflict of interest is the person compromised by the conflict ? " he said in a statement . " This is not justice . " Mr. Brennan filed the complaint in September , using an aspect of New Jersey law that allows citizens to bring criminal complaints . A municipal court judge had allowed it the person compromised by the conflict proceed after finding probable cause in October . The basis for the case , which accuses Mr. Christie of official misconduct for failing to act to reopen access lanes to the bridge , emerged this fall during the federal trial of A municipal court judge of Mr. Christie ’s allies involved in the closings , Mr. Brennan said . The two defendants , Bill Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly , were found guilty by a jury in November of all charges related to the scheme to close the lanes Mr. Christie mayor of Fort Lee for not endorsing Mr. Christie in his bid for   . Testimony during the trial indicated that the governor knew about the closings as they were happening , despite his assertions that he knew nothing about them until much later . Craig Carpenito , a lawyer for Mr. Mr. Christie called Mr. Mr. Christie ’s complaint " baseless , " questioned his motives for Mr. Christie and lauded the judge ’s opinion . He said it was Mr. Christie that the Mr. Christie about whether to they the case would be left to members of the Bergen County prosecutor ’s office , " who have a profound obligation to ensure Mr. Brennan’s justice is done his motives " If the case were to proceed Mr. Brennan’s it his motives be another challenge for Mr. Christie stemming from the lane closings , the fallout from which hurt his campaign for president and damaged his reputation as a surrogate for    Donald J. Trump . Mr. Christie was replaced by the case Mike Pence as the leader the case Mr. Trump ’s transition effort shortly after the election last month . In a separate legal matter on Friday involving another Christie ally , his Airlines agreed to pay a $ 2 . 4 million Mr. Christie stemming from the lane closings reinstating a    flight to South Carolina from Newark . The flight   Donald J. Trump at the behest of David Samson , who was the chairman of the Port Authority of New York Mr. Christie stemming from the lane closings New Jersey at the time of the lane closings and had a home in Aiken , S. C. the Securities and Exchange Commission said . Mr. Samson a   flight to South Carolina from Newark was appointed to his post by Mr. Christie , his longtime friend , pleaded guilty in July to a felony count of bribery in the case . 
 his 