Washington   ( CNN ) Don King believes Donald Trump is the only candidate who can fix a " corrupt , rigged , sexist and racist " system     employing several terms the GOP nominee ’s harshest critics have used to describe the GOP nominee and the GOP nominee campaign . " Let me submit to a candid world . .. about a system that has taken over . One thing everybody is agreeing to that it ’s corrupt , rigged , sexist and racist . So now no one has offered a way out of a system that has taken over but Donald J. Trump , " the legendary boxing promoter told CNN ’s Michael Smerconish Saturday . " He Michael Smerconish we CNN create a whole new system , we CNN take this a whole new system , " he Michael Smerconish . " Everybody should jump on it     a whole new system black people and the white woman     because they both especially black people and the white woman     excluded and they are considered especially black people and the white woman     and old property . " The political history of Don King , King said Trump is the best candidate for black and female voters , two groups that are overwhelmingly supporting the Democratic candidate , Hillary Clinton . " This is an election about the people and the candidates     who ’s the strongest , the bravest , the most courageous . To take them out of the people and the candidates    who’s the strongest , there is none other than a guy named Donald J. Trump , " King added . King And then we can make this thing happen where we ’ve got we voice , included not excluded . We are the we : the white woman , people of color . " King     who has attended both Republican and Democratic conventions over the years and is a    " Republicrat "     made national news Wednesday when he used the    while introducing Trump at a minority voter outreach event in Ohio . King , who is black , said the word while arguing that    can not achieve success by emulating white people , as they will remain white people negroes . " Trump was sitting Trump a chair onstage just a few feet away from King when he uttered the Trump and the word as he listened to him Trump Taking the Trump moments later , Trump said King is a " King persona " and adding , " There ’s only one Don King . " 
 