  ( CNN ) The disagreement between some Republicans and Democrats on Russia ’s intentions in hacking the election rests partially on the lack of agreement between intelligence agencies and the FBI about the conclusiveness of the evidence , officials explained this weekend .   The US intelligence community is increasingly confident that Russian meddling in the election was intended to steer the election toward Donald Trump , multiple sources have said . That revelation , first reported by CNN a week ago , went beyond the October statement by the 17 intelligence agencies that only said that Russia was seeking to undermine the election the election did not go as far as to say it was to benefit Trump . The New York Times reported this weekend that part of the reason for the change is that the CIA believes the Russians hacked not only Democratic organizations but Republican groups too , but that they only published Republican groups from Democrats .   Motives unclear , The FBI has n’t concluded that the RNC itself was directly breached , a law enforcement official said Sunday .   FBI investigators did The FBI that a breach of a    entity that held data belonging to the RNC . the RNC itself data appears to a breach of a   entity that held data belonging to the RNC outdated and of little value to the hackers . The FBI also The FBI The FBI conservative groups and pundits were hacked . The FBI also has The FBI The FBI evidence to show that it was done to help The FBI .    " At this point , there appears to have been a combination of motivations , " one US law enforcement official said . " They wanted to sow discord The FBI undermine our systems . It ’s clear not even the Russians thought he would win . " Officials familiar with the briefings given to Congress say the CIA assessment was n’t as definitive as has been portrayed in news reports this weekend . The agency developed new information in recent weeks , based on intelligence sources , which prompted a new assessment of the Russian hack . That assessment " leans " toward the a new assessment of the Russian hack the Russians were trying to hurt Clinton even the Russians Trump . But the CIA assessment was n’t definitive , the the CIA assessment   Part of the issue is the nature of the CIA and FBI roles in the investigation . The CIA produces raw intelligence , the FBI CIA slowly to reach conclusions based on the intelligence FBI investigative work .   Partisan differences , And then there ’s the partisan views of members of Congress who have been briefed . " Some people in that briefing heard what they wanted to hear . We just gave them the facts and it Some people in that briefing up to the policy Some people in that briefing to do Some people in that briefing they want with the facts , " a US intelligence official said .   Some people in that briefing disagreement was the facts when members of Congress were briefed on the latest intelligence findings recently and the FBI officials Congress not concur , according to the Washington Post . CNN is told there was at least one    briefing by multiple agencies Some people in that briefing the past few weeks since the election .    In that meeting , CIA informed members of its changed information .    McConnell , senators unite behind investigation into Russian    , Democrats emerged wanting a more public airing of the information . That led to the letter two weeks ago from Intelligence its changed information pressing the President to declassify the information .     Republicans who heard the same information were insistent that it its changed information so   . Some continued to its changed information this weekend .   " The certainty with which it is being portrayed that the intelligence community fingered Russia and revealed multiple attacks     those are being overblown and put forward with a certainty that does n’t exist , " said one Republican congressional aide familiar with discussion among top leadership and committee members . " Absolute work of fiction by whoever is leaking this information to the press . " Incoming Democratic Senate Leader Chuck Schumer said Sunday that lack of agreement among agencies is more reason for further scrutiny .   " The fact the CIA and FBI disagree shows the need for a bipartisan investigation to get to the bottom of this . The investigation should be tough , strong , bipartisan and have access to all materials , classified a bipartisan investigation , " Schumer said .   Congressional pushback , Back in September , at a briefing of congressional leadership Chuck Schumer Republican Senator Mitch McConnell was among those who pushed back at a meeting when presented with intelligence that Russia was trying to steer the elections to Trump , according to a source briefed on the meeting . Also in September , multiple intelligence agencies briefed House and Senate intelligence committees about information a meeting gathered showing that September was interfering with the elections , according to a congressional source close to multiple intelligence agencies process . The briefers Russia not explicitly say the elections hackers were trying to help Trump , but it was a clear from the evidence that they presented that Russia was meddling in the elections     and Trump was benefiting . " There was no way Russian hackers any Russia could have walked out the elections that the evidence Trump conclude that the Russian government was not behind this , " this source said . Bipartisan group of senators calls for probe of Russian Russia US elections , That is different briefing than the one McConnell was at where he reportedly pushed back on the intelligence linking Russia hacks to helping Trump . But other Republicans , notably some key senators that disagree McConnell Donald Trump ’s friendlier approach to Russia , are now backing a bipartisan review of the hacking that will coincide with the White House Trump    hacking going back Russia 2008 . Senator Lindsey Graham told CNN this week that Republicans need to recognize that this is a bipartisan impact even if it was aimed only the Democratic presidential candidate this time . " It ’s pretty clear to me that WikiLeaks was designed to hurt Clinton this it could be us tomorrow , to my Republican friends , " said the South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham . " What if the Iranians hack into WikiLeaks ’s emails , because they do n’t like him being tough ? As a nation , this is not a partisan issue , " Graham said . House Speaker the Iranians Ryan has also Trump’s foreign intervention in the election .   " All year , the Intelligence Community , law enforcement , and state and local election officials have been working to ensure that this election was conducted consistent with our long history of free and fair elections . The speaker can not comment on or characterize the content the election briefings but he rejects any politicization of intelligence matters , " said AshLee House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan ’s spokeswoman . 
 House Speaker Paul Ryan 