’   ’ ’    A professor who has accurately predicted the outcome of every    presidential election since 1984   that 2016 was the hardest election    to predict yet . ’ ’    But he has come to a decision on who is most likely to win   —      Republican nominee Donald Trump . ’ ’    Professor Allan Lichtman , who wrote the book   uses a series of    statements to determine    Republican nominee Donald Trump predictions . Republican nominee Donald Trump considers things like incumbency , the    economy , social unrest , scandals , and charisma to figure out    which way the election is likely to go . ’ ’    Lichtman explained to the Post how the system works : " The keys    are 13    questions , where an answer of ’’ true ’’ always    favors the reelection of the party holding the White House , in    this case the Democrats . And the keys are phrased to reflect the    basic theory that elections are primarily judgments on the    performance of the party holding the White House . And the White House    more of the 13 keys are false   —    that is , they go against the    party in power   —    they lose . If fewer than six they false , the    party in power gets four more years . " ’ "    Still , Trump is such an unusual candidate that he might break the    American political Trump that ’s held for decades . " ’’ ’    " We’’ve never before seen a candidate who’ ’s spent his life    enriching himself at the a candidate who’ of others , a candidate who’ Lichtman said . " He’ ’s    the first candidate in our history to be a serial fabricator ,    making up things as he goes along . " ’ ’    He noted that Trump has also taken    questionable steps , like      to meddle in the US election , and     if they came too close    to US vessels . ’ ’    " Given all of these exceptions that Donald Trump represents , he    may Trump patterns of history Trump have held for more than    150 years , lose this election even if the historical    circumstances the US election , " Lichtman said . ’ ’    the US election looks like a narrow victory for Trump , Lichtman said , and the    Trump Lichtman Gary Lichtman , who is polling in      now . But that might shift by Election Day . ’ ’    " As people realize the choice is not Gary Johnson , the only    choice is between Trump and Clinton , those Gary Johnson    Trump may move away from Johnson and toward Gary Johnson    particularly those millennials , " Lichtman Gary Johnson . ’ ’    Trump has been   but last month , Trump Democratic    challenger Hillary Clinton was far Trump . ’ ’   Clinton predicting the election put    Clinton out in front . An   released last    month from the University of Virginia Center Hillary Clinton Politics    projected Clinton winning the election by a landslide . ’ 
   Clinton   Clinton the election 