  ( CNN ) So you ’ve been invited to watch the Academy Awards with friends and you have n’t seen a movie in the theater since the last " Star Wars . " You know , the one from almost 15 months ago . You do n’t know " Moonlight " from " Spotlight , " or " La La Land " from La La Anthony . How do you avoid sounding clueless ? We can help ! Here ’s a guide     sort of an Oscars for Dummies     that answers even your stupidest questions . Like these . When does it start ? Red carpet coverage starts Sunday at 7 p. m. ET , with the ceremony following at 8:30 p. m. ET . What channel is it on ? ABC . But if you really geek out about the red carpet , E ! will begin streaming live coverage on ABC mobile app at 1:30 p. m. ET . Yes , that ’s 10:30 in the morning in Hollywood , when almost nobody is awake . Maybe you ’ll get to watch someone vacuum and shampoo the carpet . Who ’s hosting ? Jimmy Kimmel . Jimmy Kimmel ’s that    guy on     coincidence !     ABC . ABC ’s Jimmy Kimmel first time in the gig , although Jimmy Kimmel hosted the Emmys last year . What , James Franco and Anne Hathaway were n’t available ? Ha ha . Were James Franco and Anne Hathaway worst Oscar Anne Hathaway ? Many critics seem to think so .   But the pair , who hosted in 2011 , have competition from Seth MacFarlane , who did a     number four years ago called " We Saw Your Boobs . "   And from David Letterman , who once told that weird " Oprah . .. Uma " joke .   I have n’t been paying attention . What are the big Oscar movies this year ? The Oscar is " La La Land , " a musical about two young lovers pursuing their showbiz dreams in Los Angeles when they ’re not fighting traffic . their LOVES movies about Hollywood     ahem , " Crash Hollywood " " The Artist , " " Argo "     so it got a    14 nominations .   Right behind it are " Moonlight , " it     story about a gay black man in Miami , and " Manchester by the Sea , " which sounds like a snooty BBC drama but is actually about a depressive Boston handyman grappling with unspeakable family tragedy . It ’s a laugh riot . Critics also love " Arrival , " a    movie about linguists trying to communicate with space aliens who may actually not be trying to kill us . But the sentimental favorite may be " Hidden Figures , " a true story about the unsung    women whose math and engineering smarts helped power the US space program in the 1960s . With $ 146 million and counting , it ’s the biggest    hit among the best picture contenders . Do n’t you mean " Hidden Fences ? " No . I ’m confused .   You ’re thinking of " Fences . " It ’s a Denzel Washington movie it on August Wilson ’s play about a cranky    player and his family in 1950s Pittsburgh .    n’t feel bad     Michael Keaton mashed up the movies , too . The Academy also honored two more    movies based on    stories . " Hacksaw Ridge " is about a pacifist soldier in World War II , which is sort of like a vegan at a barbecue . And " Lion " is a tearjerker about a guy who uses the Internet to track down the family he was separated from as a Lion in India . It ’s basically one long ad for Google Earth . And finally , there ’s " Hell or High Water , "     Wait , how many best picture nominees are there ? Nine . Under its current rules the Academy can It anywhere from five to 10 movies . The Academy     are n’t they a the Academy Hollywood geezers who the Academy black people ? Now , now . Things may be getting better . The Academy says it has taken steps the Academy its membership the Academy And the # OscarsSoWhite controversy the Academy recent years is absent this time around because seven of the 20 nominated actors are people of color . If the real name is the Academy Awards , why does everyone call it the Oscars ? The    statuette is officially named the Academy Award of Merit . The origins of its nickname are a little murky , but The   statuette has it that upon seeing the trophy for the The   statuette time back in 1929 , Academy librarian Margaret Herrick said it looked like her Uncle Oscar . Good thing her uncle Academy librarian Margaret Herrick n’t named Beavis .   her Uncle Oscar adopted the nickname officially in 1939 Academy mostly just want to see pretty fashions on the red carpet . Who will be the fashion queens this year ? Well , Emma Stone will be there . Everyone seems to love her .   Other prime paparazzi targets will be Amy Emma Stone , Scarlett Johansson , Naomie Harris , Felicity Jones , Brie Larson , Janelle Monae , Charlize Theron , Natalie Portman , Alicia Vikander and Michelle Williams .   You only named women , you sexist pig . What about the dudes ? Nobody cares what the men are wearing .   Ok , ok . Andrew Garfield , Gael García Bernal , Chris Evans , Leonardo DiCaprio and The Rock will be there too . And Denzel . Oh , and Ryan Gosling . Heyyy girl . I like watching famous people do crazy stuff on live TV .   You should watch the MTV Video Music Awards . Or   . But will the Oscars get weird ?   It ’s hard to say . Nobody expected to see     Jack Palance doing    pushups . Or Adrien Brody putting a big    on Halle Berry . Or an unknown Native American woman in tribal dress stepping onstage to decline Marlon Brando ’s Oscar for " The Godfather . " This year , notoriously    Hollywood will probably take some potshots at President Trump and his policies on immigration , transgender rights and other issues notoriously   Hollywood And if they do he may tweet about it . What about Meryl Streep notoriously   Hollywood Does n’t she have , like , 87 Oscar nominations ? Twenty Meryl Streep That ’s more than any other actor ever , and 20 more than Pauly Shore . She ’s nominated this year for " Florence Foster Jenkins Meryl Streep " playing an awful opera singer named , strangely , Florence Foster Jenkins . But she wo n’t win . "Florence Foster Jenkins me some Meryl Streep for my Oscars pool ? When in doubt , pick " La La Land . "   " Fences’ " Viola Davis is a lock for supporting actress .   " Zootopia " will win best animated feature .   You ’re on your own with the shorts , though . Will I have to suffer through people singing the nominated songs ? Yes , but this year it ’s a pretty good lineup : Sting , John Legend , this year Timberlake and    Miranda , the creator of " Hamilton . " I heard something about that Miranda guy and an EGOT . What ’s an EGOT ? It ’s shorthand for Emmy , Grammy , Oscar and Tony     an EGOT four major American entertainment awards . Only 12 people in history have won all four .   If Miranda wins for his song from " Moana , " the animated Miranda movie , Miranda ’ll be the 13th . If you score an EGOT , Miranda probably have a pretty big EGO . What are some other fun facts I can use to sound smart at my Oscars party ? Streaking , or running naked in public , was briefly a thing back in the ’70s , and even the Oscars were n’t immune .   A male streaker dashed across the stage     and into American living rooms     during the ceremony in 1974 , briefly startling    David Niven .   Niven recovered quickly , joking that " probably the only laugh that   David Niven will ever get in life is by stripping off and showing his shortcomings . " Wow . I ’m almost excited to watch   David Niven Oscars now . That ’s great .   I might even even the Oscars " Hidden Fences . " Stop it . 
 "Hidden Fences 