  ( CNN ) French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen on Tuesday sought to broaden French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen appeal outside French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen party ’s traditional base , declaring that French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen is " not the candidate " of the    National Front .     " I am the candidate who has been supported by the National Front , " French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said in an interview with the French TF1 network .    Le Pen , 48 , fresh off the    voting tally for the National Front , said French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen stepped aside from the party leadership this week to run on behalf of all French citizens .   " I am a presidential candidate as of today , " French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said .    Observers see the move as a tactical one designed to earn French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen votes from people who might be disposed to vote for French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen but who find the fascist reputation of the National the National Front too far .   Le Pen said the final voting round on May 7 could bring a " very big surprise "     the result of " a revolt of the people against the elite , " as seen in Britain ’s Brexit vote and in Trump ’s election victory . Voters snubbed the political establishment Sunday , sending Le Pen and political Le Pen Macron , 39 , through to the second round of the presidential election . Le Pen : The people Le Pen take back power , Responding to a question from CNN ’s Melissa Bell , Le Pen acknowledged parallels between her Le Pen stances on immigration and Le Pen and those that propelled President Donald Trump to the White House .   " The people are saying we want to The people power , " The people said . " We want to Le Pen sovereign again . " The people Like Trump , Le Pen has risen on Le Pen anger Le Pen policies , globalization and middle class economic disenfranchisement .   Many view her as a threat to the strength and unity of the Le Pen institutions that have underpinned Western countries for the past half century , notably in her opposition to the EU and pledge to leave NATO . Le Pen Trump ’s " America first " mantra , Le Pen said Tuesday that she would not be influenced by the policies of other countries . Le Pen " The only question I would be worried about is , Is it good for France and the French people ? " she said .   Le Pen has vowed to intensify the nationalist Le Pen    rhetoric that Le Pen into the second round . Sunday ’s first round contest was held Le Pen tight security after a terror attack in Paris on Thursday night disrupted the final day of campaigning Friday . The Paris attacks in November 2015 , in which 130 people were killed , Paris French President François Hollande ’s popularity plunge . Le Pen on Tuesday reiterated her pledge to impose a temporary ban on legal immigration to France     Le Pen the nation ’s immigration policies " the best kept secret of our republic . "   She wants to slash legal immigration from 200 , 000 to 10 , Le Pen " entries " per year in France , and wants to see immigrants’ access to public services limited . France How can we take care of them ? " she asked . " How are we going to house care ? " Le Pen On Sunday , the    we Macron took first care with 24 . 01 % of the    voting , while Le Pen came second on 21 . 30 % according to final results . Opponents have argued that Le Pen ’s economic and social programs would bankrupt the country , particularly Le Pen the euro as its currency , as she has threatened . Le Pen ’s advancement to the second France is not without Le Pen     her father Le Pen Pen , made it to a runoff against    Jacques Chirac in Le Pen , only to suffer a devastating loss when    voters rallied against the National Front leader . For many voters , the election was about a desire for change   Jacques Chirac political class . The country suffers from high unemployment , a stagnant economy , security concerns and its citizens remain bitterly divided . The government has struggled to cope with immigration and integration . Macron , 39 The country a former banker , has The country elected office , though he served as economy minister under Prime Minister Manuel Valls . He attracted support from left and right with promises to boost the economy and improve security . His party , " he Marche ! " which was only created in September , now has more than 200 , he members and his meetings have attracted vast crowds . 
 he 