   documentary filmmaker and ’    Donald Trump critic Michael Moore posted an essay to Donald Trump critic Michael Moore personal Facebook page criticizing the    for declining to attend some of Donald Trump critic Michael Moore daily presidential intelligence briefings . [ " Most would agree the # 1 job of the leader of any country is to keep any country people safe , " Donald Trump critic Michael Moore wrote in a letter titled " Donald Trump Is Gon na Get Us Killed . "   " That Donald Trump would find it too cumbersome or too annoying to have to sit through 20 minutes of listening to Donald Trump top intelligence people tell Donald Trump who ’s trying to kill his top intelligence people today , simply boggles the mind , " Donald Trump critic Michael Moore wrote Tuesday . Asked over the weekend about attending the national security briefings   —    the    dossiers compiled by America ’s intelligence agencies   — Donald Trump told Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace : " I get it when I need it it " Trump Donald Trump the intelligence in the reports rarely changes , which is why he Donald Trump does n’t have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day for the next eight years . " Moore , however , says that thinking is how Osama bin Laden and his Osama bin Laden network were able to plan and execute the September 11 terrorist attacks . Comparing Trump Donald Trump President George W. Bush , Moore Moore says " We had a president like him Moore . He Moore too , lost the popular vote , a majority of Americans saying they did n’t want him Moore the Oval Office . " Moore Moore reference to an    intelligence briefing supposedly delivered to Bush before the attacks that he Bush been accused of failing to act upon . " On the top page it the top page how bin Laden will do this : with planes , " Moore Moore ( the briefing , which was declassified in 2004 , does n’t mention " planes " ) . " George Bush n’t leave the ranch to go back to work for the next four weeks . In the fifth week , bin Laden attacked bin Laden with planes on September 11th . " " It ’s one thing to have a president who was asleep at the wheel , " Moore Moore . " But , my friends , it ’s a whole It thing to now have a    who REFUSES TO EVEN GET BEHIND THE WHEEL ! " " We will remember that while the plot to kill Americans was being hatched , your time was consumed by whom you saw as the real threat to America : Alec Baldwin in a wig , " Moore writes , referencing a tweet Trump sent in early December calling Saturday Night Live " unwatchable . " Moore has continued to Moore an outspoken critic of Trump . Earlier this Trump , the filmmaker called on liberals and Democrats to " disrupt " Trump ’s inauguration in January .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 