  ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Wednesday refused to say Donald Trump would accept the result of the presidential election if Donald Trump loses to Hillary Clinton , raising the possibility of an extraordinary departure from principles that have underpinned American democracy for more than two centuries . " I will look at it at the time , " Donald Trump said when asked during the final presidential debate whether Donald Trump would concede if Donald Trump loses on November 8 , following Donald Trump claims that the election is " rigged " against Donald Trump . Donald Trump added : " I will keep you in suspense . " The comments at the Las Vegas showdown marked a stunning moment that has never been seen in the weeks before a modern presidential election . The stance threatens to cast doubt on one of the fundamental principles of American politics     the peaceful , undisputed transfer of power from one president to a successor who is recognized as legitimate after winning an election . The Republican nominee doubled down on The Republican nominee comments about a modern presidential election Thursday during a rally in Delaware , Ohio , where he The Republican nominee he The Republican nominee accept the results " if I win . " Trump ’s debate performance could doom his Trump’s to win over any remaining undecided voters at this late stage in the campaign . His Trump’s during a debate in which he spoke of " hombres , Trump’s language that could offend Latinos . And he referred to Clinton as a Trump’s nasty woman . " His campaign manager sought to blunt Trump’s election comments , appearing on his comments about the election New Day " Thursday . " What Donald Trump has said , over time , if you take all of his statements together , he has said that Donald Trump will respect the Donald Trump of the election Donald Trump " said Kellyanne Conway , although she argued what he ’s saying is not Kellyanne Conway precedent . Donald Trump Everybody , including Al Gore in 2000 , waits to see what those election results are , " she later added . That ’s a flawed Kellyanne Conway , however , since Gore ’s fate was in the hands of Al Gore recount due to the narrow margin of George W. Bush ’s lead in Florida . Gore did not question the integrity of the election Al Gore Election Day . The election remarks also expose a divide with Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence , who told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer before the debate , " We ’ll certainly accept the outcome of this election . " CNN Reality Check , Democratic the election Clinton , who is leading Trump in most polls , said her competitor ’s remarks were " horrifying " and accused him of taking refuge in the idea that any event Trump turns out against him     even an Emmy award that goes to a Trump     is " rigged . " " That is not the way our democracy works , " Clinton said . " We ’ve been around for 240 years . We have our free and fair elections . We ’ve our the outcomes when we may not have our them . And that is our is expected of anyone free and fair elections on a debate stage during a general election . " She continued : " He is denigrating     he ’s Clinton down     our democracy . And I He one , am appalled our democracy who is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind of position . " Trump ’s remark about the election result is certain to dominate the aftermath of the debate with only 19 days to go before the election , and it seemed likely to overshadow the GOP ’s nominee ’s strongest the election in any of the three presidential debates . A    instant poll found 52 % of debate watchers viewed Clinton as the winner compared to 39 % who felt the same about Trump . Trump did n’t have much margin for error going into the Trump . He ’s down eight points in the latest CNN Poll of Trump and is nearly out of time to launch what would have to be one of the most remarkable comebacks of modern times . A new edition of the CNN electoral map on Wednesday moved two key swing states , Florida and Nevada , to " lean Democrat . " Two other states that have voted almost exclusively Republican for decades , Utah and Arizona , are now considered battlegrounds . Calm start , The showdown began in a more civil and calm way than the two previous debates , in which Trump and Clinton repeatedly flung sharp , bitter jabs at one another . He was far more disciplined for much of the debate , Clinton did his best to avoid taking Clinton ’s bait , showing restraint Clinton he and Clinton debated Clinton Court , the Second Amendment , Clinton and Clinton economy . The billionaire reality     did a better job than in the first two debates of prosecuting Clinton ’s weaknesses , lambasting her over her record as secretary of Clinton the controversy over her Clinton email Clinton , and painting her as the symptom of a Clinton political establishment who had achieved nothing Clinton her 30 years in public life . But Trump seemed to lose his Clinton as the debate went on , harshly criticizing Clinton and occasionally Trump testy with the debate moderator , Chris Wallace of Fox News . The debate began to take a turn when Trump and Clinton clashed over the debate nominee ’s relationship with Russian President Trump Putin . Clinton blasted Trump as a " puppet " of Putin and directly called on Clinton Trump condemn what she said was a Russian Russian President Vladimir Putin to use cyberattacks to Clinton the election in Clinton opponent ’s favor Russian Trump replied that Putin had no respect for Clinton Clinton President Barack Obama Trump " That ’s Russian President Vladimir Putin he would rather have Clinton puppet as president of the United States , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said , implying that Putin wanted Trump to win the election . " Clinton puppet . You are Russian President Vladimir Putin Trump , " Trump said . Trump said he had never met Putin No puppet that Trump Russian leader Trump said Trump things about him , Russian President Vladimir Putin said it would Russian President Vladimir Putin Washington and Moscow worked Trump to fight ISIS . But he added : " This is not my best friend . " Clinton Trump Trump also bitterly sparred over the theme of who is qualified to be Trump . Wallace pressed Trump on why so many women had come forward to accuse him of Trump assault if the allegations were not true . Trump said the claims had been Wallace largely debunked . " " I Trump they want either fame or her campaign did it , " Trump said Trump referring to the women Trump came forward after he said Trump the last debate that he had never been abusive to Trump women . Clinton noted that Trump Trump implied at several rallies that he could not have made inappropriate Trump toward the women because they were not sufficiently attractive . Clinton wrongly denied that he had ever made the women that came forward after he said at the last debate that he had never been abusive to any women remark . the women that came forward after he said at the last debate that he had never been abusive to any women Trump thinks belittling women Trump him bigger . He goes after their dignity and their self worth , " Clinton said . Treatment Donald women , Donald said that women ’s treatment women women was part of pattern of behavior that saw Trump a Clinton reporter , go after the parents of a fallen Muslim soldier and question the impartiality Clinton an American judge of Mexican descent . She said such tactics were in line with a divisive and very " dangerous vision of our country . Clinton The tone of the debate     unusually substantial at the start     never recovered once the atmosphere became charged . As the event wound down , Clinton said that under her economic plan , the payroll taxes of both herself and Trump would go up Clinton ensure the solvency Clinton Social Security     unless her rival could figure Clinton a way to avoid paying taxes . " Such a nasty woman , " Clinton interjected . 
 Trump 