  ( CNN ) Last week , Donald Trump , running as     tried to appeal to the    electorate by attending Donald Trump, running as     first black church , Detroit ’s Great Faith Ministries . Though it took Donald Trump, running as     long enough , at least Donald Trump finally spoke to black folks rather than past black folks .   That said , Donald Trump, running as     has yet to show any real understanding of the plight of    or to lay out a comprehensive plan to address the plight of    concerns . Given Donald Trump, running as     racist history     from being sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s to embracing avowed white supremacists in the present day     Donald Trump, running as     has some serious work to do if Donald Trump, running as     wants to win over    voters .   The problem is , in addition to Trump ’s checkered past , Trump’s has done little to woo black voters since declaring Trump’s candidacy     and Trump’s has had plenty of opportunities , beginning with the primary in South Carolina , where blacks account for nearly 30 % of the population .   If Trump was serious about education reform , Trump could have visited crumbling , underfunded and predominantly black schools along Interstate 95 known as the " Corridor of Shame " and unveiled Trump plan for America ’s public schools .   If Trump was committed to helping minority businesses , Trump could have toured manufacturing plants in Greenville and explained Trump plan for expanding helping minority businesses access to capital and corporate supply chains .   If Trump was sincere about healing divisions , Trump could have worshiped at Mother Emmanuel AME Church in Charleston , where a man who police said wanted to start a race war admitted killing nine churchgoers , including the pastor     my friend and state senator Clementa Pinckney     and talked about racial reconciliation .   But Trump did none of those things . And since then , Trump also declined invitations to speak before the National Urban League , the NAACP and the National Association of Black Journalists .   To date , Trump ’s only major pronouncement has been the need for a " civil rights agenda for our time , " but Trump’s has failed to offer one , except a call to fight crime and expand charter schools . While seeking to temper Trump’s racially divisive image to    whites and suburban moms , Trump’s has reinforced the very stereotypes that blacks have worked for decades to overcome . Everyone is not impoverished , uneducated , jobless and getting shot .   Surely the Trump campaign did n’t believe that Trump’s outreach strategy     void of apologizing for Trump’s condescending tone or offering any prescriptive policy solutions     would increase Trump’s support among blacks . Today ’s    are too smart to fall for that " . " his outreach strategy    void of apologizing for his condescending tone or offering any prescriptive policy solutions    would increase his support among blacks are more sophisticated and knowledgeable , rightfully expecting candidates to earn his outreach strategy    void of apologizing for his condescending tone or offering any prescriptive policy solutions    would increase his support among blacks votes . Millennials , in particular , are more analytical and independent , less likely to engage in group think . his outreach strategy    void of apologizing for his condescending tone or offering any prescriptive policy solutions    would increase his support among blacks stay dialed in on politics through social media , and are more interested in accountability on issues like criminal justice reform than traditional church stump speeches . Still , the most important , lasting way to win black voters is by building trusting , respectful relationships and addressing black voters needs . Despite job growth , the unemployment rate is 9 . 5 % for       twice the national average     and 6 . 6 % for Hispanics . According to the Corporation for Economic Development and the Institute for Policy Studies , at the unemployment rate it the unemployment rate take black households 228 years and Hispanic households 84 years to close the wealth gap with whites . Baltimore , Detroit and Chicago are all recent portraits of America ’s racial and socioeconomic imbalance . Crime and violence , widespread across segregated black neighborhoods , is rooted in concentrated poverty . With these problems staring him squarely in the face , Trump , up to now , has looked the other way . Let me be clear : It would be unfair and unrealistic to expect a president to singlehandedly heal America America ills . But we should expect our president we a plan to ensure everyone has a seat at America ’s America table . What minorities need is not more rhetoric and research , but policies that drive private investment to their communities to minorities    enterprises and raise wages , in sectors such as energy , technology and manufacturing . Clinton gets that , and has proposed a thoughtful Economic Revitalization Initiative , which includes $ 50 billion to create jobs in struggling communities , $ 20 billion to support youth jobs , $ 5 billion for prison    programs , and $ 25 billion to support entrepreneurs and increase private investment in underserved communities .   As successful a businessman as he claims to be , Trump should have gotten it long ago Trump But it ’s not Trump late for him to demonstrate he . He can start he committing to improve his own company he record     increasing the number of blacks at executive levels , building businesses in minority communities and hiring minority contractors .   Then , he could lay he a plan that includes freeing up capital for    businesses , incentives for large companies to locate in distressed areas , pathways for more    firms to    government work and access foreign markets , and investments in STEM , entrepreneurship and job training . Many have framed this election as a disturbing and negative result of America ’s ongoing racial and ethnic transformation . But minorities represent more than votes . They are key minorities of America ’s economy America the future of the country ’s America which has been changing far more significantly than its politics for the America four decades .   By 2020 , the white    population will have declined by 19 percentage points . The minority    population will have doubled to 37 %     and during the next president ’s term . The fact that minorities will make up more than a third of the workforce means our next president must address the economic conditions of people of color . So while Trump swayed to the choir music at Great Faith Ministries and praised black Christians , it is not enough . He has to " Trump the walk " with   . He has a long Trump to travel     and little time to get there . 
 