Wednesday on Fox News Channel ’s " On the Reccord , " host Greta Van Susteren used " host Greta Van Susteren " Off the Record " commentary segment to weigh in Republican presidential    Donald Trump ’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski being charged with misdemeanor battery in an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter , FL , campaign event on March 6 and the subsequent reaction from 16 conservative media figures calling for Lewandowski to be fired by Trump .   Conservative female journalists’ open letter to Trump : Tell Lewandowski ‘ You ’re fired!’ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Dylan Stableford ( @stableford ) March 31 , 2016 ,   Van Susteren argued the incident should have ended with an apology and have never gotten to this point . Van Susteren also said the call for Lewandowski to be fired brings into question these media figures abilities to cover the race impartially . Transcript as follows : Let ’s all go    . This has gotten way out of hand . A media scrum around a presidential candidate Donald Trump with routine pushing , and shoving ended with an allegation of a crime . That ’s a crime . Now , whatever happened in A media scrum around a presidential candidate Donald Trump with routine pushing, and shoving ended with an allegation of a crime , and I do n’t think the video or eyewitness statement is convincing , this incident never should have ended up as a crime . It this incident have ended with an apology . I ’m talking about grab gate or pinch gate , whatever you want to call it this incident Reporter Michelle Fields and the scrum around Donald Trump trying to get a sound bite from him Donald Trump grabbed , pinched , resulting in bruising . She said Trump Donald Trump Lewandowski did it intentionally . Yes , of course , grabbing someone accidently or even intentionally is not so nice . But is this one a crime ? Plus , do n’t forget court docket are already so overcrowded and now it has been blown court docket even more , 16 women in the media , some reporters , some analysts , signing a letter calling on Trump to fire Lewandowski Donald Trump Two things Trump’s Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski One , Lewandowski has n’t even Trump’s Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski a trial and they ’re calling for his head . Yes Trump’s Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski they have tried and they him . And second Trump’s Campaign Manager Corey Lewandowski each of these women has now shot herself in the foot . How can any one of them continue to cover these women presidential race by not waiting for the DA ’s decision to trial the case or not , or wait for a jury verdict ? But instead , coming out swinging , taking sides in such a public way ? It may be a hard sell for each of these women now covering this election to say she is fair . herself that ’s my     comment tonight . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 