  ( CNN ) Today , the pundits will argue over who won the presidential debate . But we think we can safely deliver the verdict :   Ken Bone .   the presidential debate , in case you missed it the presidential debate was a town    affair where audience members ( screened by Gallup and selected by the moderators ) asked questions of the candidates . And in that group of    articulate , truth seekers was one Mr. Bone .   The nastiest lines from the the presidential debate His question to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton was a doozy : " What steps will your energy policy take to meet our energy needs while at the same time remaining environmentally friendly and minimizing job layoffs ? " But that was n’t why Bone became one Mr. Bone Internet ’s   .   It ’s one Mr. Bone name . Ken Bone one Mr. Bone Luke   . It ’s that one Mr. Bone outfit :   The red cardigan , the white tie , the    glasses . People were in love .   The man behind ( . .. in ? ) the red sweater , Bone spoke to one Mr. Bone ’s Carol Costello Monday morning about his debate fame Carol Costello " I went from , last night , having seven Twitter followers , two of which were my grandmother . .. to now , I have several hundred , " he said . Carol Costello And I do n’t know why they care what seven Twitter followers, two of which were my grandmother have to say , but I ’m glad they Carol Costello engaged seven Twitter followers, two of which were my grandmother the political process . " Maybe it has to do with the fact that , at the end of proceedings , he captured the Carol Costello by whipping out . .. a disposable camera . Ken Bone     he ’s no Carol Costello . He ’s the Carol Costello a divided America needs right now . The man who brought some levity to the ludicrous , some vim to counter the vitriol . The only thing that was making America great again America   As Ramzy Nasrallah put it , " Was so sad and ashamed throughout the entire spectacle but then KEN BONE rose Ken Bone     Phoenix from America ’s ashes and America ’s laughter again . " Bone was one of the undecided voters who attended the debate to get a better feel for their options come November . And Bone told CNN he Ken Bone     walked away Ken Bone     a final verdict .   " I know people hate to hear this , but I think I might be more undecided than ever , " he said . Bone Ken Bone     he was Ken Bone     toward Ken Bone     , but he was impressed with Ken Bone     ’s composure and looks forward to the third and final debate .   Either way , true to the Internet hero he has become , Ken Bone     plans to use Ken Bone     power for good Ken Bone       " I ’m really glad that so much attention has come my way , if for no other reason than I can get the message out that your voice can be heard , and please get out and vote in November . If you feel like your vote does n’t matter , it does . Make your vote voice heard . your voice The internet bursts with love   During an otherwise contentious event , Bone ’s comforting demeanor was just the balm weary debate watchers needed .   " I bet Ken Bone brings roses to Bone randomly . Just because Bone " one mused .   Within minutes , someone had created a Facebook page .   And , of course , a parody Twitter account .   And yes , an ode to his greatness . We also all now know what we ’ll be dressing as for We . So , thank you , debate organizers , for giving us someone we could all rally We . We " Tonight I lost hope in America ’s future . .. then I met Ken Bone , " tweeted Jeff Guenther . We could not agree more . We Postscript :   We would be remiss if we We did n’t give a We out to Mr. Staring Man . Our apologies for not catching his We . But we certainly caught his " Do We B. S. his , mister " look . 
 