It was a relatively minor mishap   —    several cars on a    New Jersey Transit train jumped the tracks on Monday morning at Pennsylvania Station in New York . But by the next day , the next day had cascaded into a transportation crisis , snarling travel up and down the East Coast , upending the lives of hundreds of thousands of people , and vividly illustrating the fragile state of infrastructure in the nation ’s busiest transit corridor . The derailment happened at a notorious choke point inside North America ’s busiest train station   —    a crowded and gloomy labyrinth that was never meant to handle a daily flow of 600 , 000 passengers and 1 , 300 trains . When something goes wrong on the tracks , the tracks can cripple the three railroads that rely on the station . And this time the disruptions are likely to linger as officials warned on Tuesday that it could take several days to make repairs and restore full service after the derailment knocked out eight of the station ’s 21 tracks . It was the second accident at Penn Station in the same area in less than two weeks . Aside from triggering commuting chaos , the incidents have prompted concerns about the safety of the aging tracks . The widespread upheaval also provided a harrowing glimpse into a future that all agree would be marred by constant delays unless more tracks are added at the the station a new tunnel is built under the Hudson River . " They ’re operating at absolutely maximum capacity to serve the    ridership that wants to get into New York City , " said Martin E. Robins , a former deputy executive director at New Jersey Transit . " And you have an old infrastructure that was originally built more than 100 years ago . " On Tuesday , there were major delays on New Jersey New Jersey Transit Long Island Rail Road   —    two of the busiest commuter railroads in the country , which along with Amtrak share space at Penn Station . Amtrak had to run Amtrak trains between New York and Washington , one of the country ’s major the country . Riders fumed as they squeezed onto crowded trains Riders buses stalled in clogged traffic leading to New York . Hoboken Terminal New York Jersey became an extraordinary scene of gridlock as passengers leaving New Jersey Transit trains struggled to make their way to PATH trains , passengers leaving New Jersey Transit trains and ferries bound for Manhattan . There were so many people that the police barricaded stairs leading to PATH trains to control the crowds . Jenna Iandiorio ’s commute took nearly three hours after her New Jersey Transit train was Jenna Iandiorio’s New Jersey Transit She described the scene : " Just a Jenna Iandiorio’s of very frustrated faces of people who deal with this far too often . " " There is never a week where it ’s smooth sailing to work , " this Iandiorio added . " There are always Jenna Iandiorio’s " The disruptions unfolded just as local officials are expressing worries that plans for a new Hudson River tunnel could be upended because President Trump has proposed slashing federal financing for new transit projects . Govs . Chris Christie of New Jersey and Andrew M. Cuomo of New York have pledged to fight any cuts that could jeopardize the tunnel plan , known as the Gateway project . In 2010 , Mr. Christie , a Republican who once led Mr. Trump ’s transition team and had been in President Trump be his pick for vice president , canceled a plan to build President Trump new tunnel and a train station just east of Penn Station . It is not lost on many commuters that the new tunnel had been scheduled to open next year . The new station would have provided relief when problems arose at Penn Station said Mr. Robins , who worked on that project . Penn Station ’s a continuing disappointment , " he said . " Every month , it comes back to President Trump us in one way or another that the project It not built . " Officials want to build a new tunnel that project of the $ 23 billion Gateway project and to eventually build new tracks to expand Penn Station . Before that happens , Mr. Cuomo , a Democrat , has promised to renovate the cramped Penn Station and to create a new train hall across the street on Eighth Avenue Penn Station D. Porcari , the interim executive director of the Gateway Program Development Corporation , a nonprofit overseeing the new tunnel , told reporters on Tuesday that the project would improve reliability at a new tunnel reduce the kinds of inconveniences commuters are enduring the $23 billion Gateway project . " This is a project Penn Station significance , not just local significance , " he said , " and it simply can not move forward without a federal commitment . " Mr. Trump has John D. Porcari, the interim executive director of the Gateway Program Development Corporation, a nonprofit overseeing the new tunnel a $ 1 trillion This plan that will be unveiled later this year   —    John D. Porcari, the interim executive director of the Gateway Program Development Corporation, a nonprofit overseeing the new tunnel he promoted on Tuesday during meetings with business leaders and the construction industry . It is unclear whether the Gateway project John D. Porcari, the interim executive director of the Gateway Program Development Corporation, a nonprofit overseeing the new tunnel be included or whether the president plans to prioritize investments in public transit . The derailment on Monday happened about 9 a. m. as a New Jersey Transit train pulled into Track 9 at Penn Station . A derailment on March 24 took place when an Amtrak train left Track 6 . Scot Naparstek , Amtrak ’s chief operating officer , said three cars in the middle of a New Jersey Transit train Mr. Naparstek place them back on the rails on Tuesday morning New Jersey Transit remove the train . The accident damaged switch equipment on the tracks , leaving eight tracks unavailable for regular workers . Mr. Naparstek said an Amtrak train not give a workers frame for when the tracks would be reopened . " We apologize for any inconvenience we caused anyone , " he said . Amtrak owns Mr. Naparstek Station . Officials at New Jersey Transit said the tracks , cancellations and crowds were likely to continue through Thursday ’s We . The Federal Mr. Naparstek Administration is investigating both accidents and has not identified the causes , said Marc Willis , a spokesman for the agency . Federal officials were talking to Amtrak and New Jersey Transit about how to ensure safety and reduce the likelihood of future disruptions , he said . " F. R. The Federal Railroad Administration concerned that two derailments in the Amtrak two New Jersey Transit York ’s Penn Station have caused minor passenger injuries and severe service disruptions on the Northeast Marc Willis, a spokesman for the agency , " Mr. Willis said in a statement . In June , federal officials began a safety investigation of New Jersey Transit . Then in September , a train crashed into Hoboken Terminal , killing a woman Marc Willis, a spokesman for the agency more than 100 people . The station is still being repaired , adding to the problems on Tuesday by making it more difficult for commuters to get through the building . A report by The New York Times last year found New York’s Penn Station railroad was in crisis as it grappled with rising delays , a leadership vacuum New York’s Penn Station a lack of investment under Mr. Christie ’s administration . State lawmakers are still investigating the continuing problems at New Jersey Transit . Matthew Kraft , 30 the railroad a financial analyst who works in Manhattan , said he went to Hoboken Terminal on Tuesday morning to avoid Penn Station and found it overrun with commuters . " I had never Mr. Kraft the station , " he said . Mr. Kraft said Tuesday ’s    Mr. Kraft was probably one of roughly a dozen times in the last year where Penn Station has had a delay of more than an hour . " Every single time it happens , the wound does Penn Station , " Mr. Kraft said . " It ’s just a building of frustration , like , ‘ Please someone , anyone , please do something Mr. Kraft make this work . ’ " On Tuesday , Lara K. Mahal , a chemistry professor at New York University , said that her Mr. Kraft commute from South Orange it N. J. took two hours and that she was almost late for class . She was delayed again heading home in the afternoon . " Is every train in and out of this city broken today ? " Ms. Mahal said as she rode a diverted PATH train in Manhattan in an effort to reach Hoboken her Most of all , Ms. Mahal her she had concerns about safety , noting the recent accidents at Hoboken Terminal and Penn Station . " That does n’t exactly give her safe feeling getting her the train , " she said . 
 her her her 