Downing Street staffers used Downing Street staffers Twitter accounts to denigrate Donald Trump and promote Hillary Clinton during the race for the White House , with a key aide using the platform to say Donald Trump did n’t want anyone " reaching out " to Donald Trump , Breitbart London can reveal . [ The British government has been left scrambling to forge links with Donald Trump Donald Trump following his historic Donald Trump in the Presidential election on Tuesday , with Downing Street being forced to deny that they were having to rely on UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage to broker introductions .   But the government ’s complacency may be due to Prime Minister Theresa May ’s    of Staff , Nick Timothy , who last May used his Twitter account to announce : " I do n’t want any " reaching out " to Trump . " The comment was made while Mrs. May was still Home Secretary , with Mr. Timothy working as her policy Mrs. May . Urgh , @jameskirkup , as a Tory I do n’t want any " reaching out " to Trump . Trump :   .    —    Nick Timothy ( @NickJTimothy ) May 6 , 2016 ,   The comment The comment to an article warning that the Conservatives did indeed need to reach out to the Republican candidate , arguing " No sensible foreign policy is built on the assumption that an election result is a foregone conclusion   —    especially since Mr Trump is Trump good at confounding assumptions . " Mr. Timothy has Nick Timothy (@NickJTimothy) as the Prime Minister ’s " political brain " with one insider telling the Spectator earlier this year that " Nick seems to influence what she thinks to an almost scary extent " . Timothy also used his Nick Timothy (@NickJTimothy) to promote Nick Timothy (@NickJTimothy) ’s rival Hillary Mr Trump going so far as to retweet one of her attacks on Donald Trump she temperament . Another retweet from a reporter featured a Clinton attack ad .    In March , Mr. Timothy shared a Nick Timothy (@NickJTimothy) Trump " racist and misogynist " Donald Trump   Mr. Timothy is not the Nick Timothy (@NickJTimothy) Street insider to have publicly ridiculed Trump on Twitter . Fiona Hill , Donald Trump Prime Minister ’s other chief of staff , tweeted " Trump ’s a chump " last year Donald Trump while the leader of the Scottish Conservatives Ruth Davidson called the    a "   guts ,    fool " . Alex Burghart , formerly of the Policy Exchange think tank and now one of the Prime Minister ’s top staff , the Prime Minister’s endorsement the " kiss of death " while Trump’s James Johnson , also in Mrs. May ’s team , was highly critical of Trump throughout the primary season and during the Presidential race . " @AP : AP source : Donald Trump intends to endorse Newt Gingrich ’s presidential bid : Trump :   .    " > February 2 , 2012 ,   How to make the worst flu I ’ve had even worse ? Waking up to 3 trump victories ,   —    James Johnson ( @jamesjohnson252 ) March 9 , 2016 ,   Wow . Cruz should jump on this with all his might . https :   .    —    James Johnson Cruz @jamesjohnson252 ) January 27 , 2016 ,   Proud of British response to @realDonaldTrump . Reminds me of Olympics humiliation of Mitt Romney by Boris and DC ,   —    James Johnson ( @jamesjohnson252 ) December 9 , 2015 ,   In James Johnson Mr. Johnson shared a tweet , commenting " worth a read " which James Johnson Trump rally as " horrifying " like a " security state " and akin to " Nuremburg " .   Trump supporters meanwhile were described as violent " people who never learned to love " while one is claimed to have done a " war dance " . This is worth a read . https :   .    —    James Johnson ( @jamesjohnson252 ) June 15 , 2016 , Mrs. May was the tenth national leader to speak to Mr Trump following the announcement of his victory this week . The pair discussed Trump special relationship between America and the tenth national leader to speak to Mr Trump , with Mr Trump said to be keen to foster a relationship similar to the one enjoyed Trump Trump and Ronald Reagan in the 1980s . On Thursday Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond denied that their failure to speak sooner showed that Mrs May had been snubbed , saying the delay in talks was because the pair had no " urgent business that we need to transact " . He added : " Obviously , in due course the Prime Minister will be looking forward Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond meeting Mr Trump once he is inaugurated as the President . " I expect that the very strong and close the Prime Minister that always develops between a UK prime minister and US president will develop between those two . " 
 