  ( CNN ) It seems almost certain that US    Donald Trump will walk away from the Paris climate agreement next year .   In the absence of US leadership , the question is : who will step up ? Sadly this is not a new question , and history offers some important lessons . In 2001 the world faced a similar dilemma . After former    Al Gore lost the 2000 election to George W. Bush , the newly inaugurated president walked away from the Kyoto Protocol , the previous global pact to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . That sent shockwaves around the world , and left nations facing a choice about what to do in the United States’ absence     something they may face again next year . The choice was made more difficult because the US withdrawal made it the US withdrawal likely that the Kyoto Protocol would ever come into force as a legally binding agreement . However , Europe quickly picked up the baton . Faced with a US president who had abdicated all responsibility to lead or even participate in the global    effort , the European Union led a remarkable diplomatic bid to save Kyoto . To the surprise of many people , especially in the United States , this diplomatic push brought enough countries on board to save the Kyoto Protocol , which came into force in 2005 following Russia ’s ratification . What will happen this time ? While the withdrawal of the the United States international efforts back then , as it doubtless will now , this time around the world is in a better position to respond . First , the Paris agreement the Paris Agreement into force and global ambition is arguably stronger today than it was in 2001 . the Paris Agreement Whereas the Kyoto Protocol took almost a decade to come into force , the Paris Agreement has taken less than a year . And importantly , whereas countries with emerging economies shied away from any commitment to limit their greenhouse gas emissions under countries with emerging economies Kyoto Protocol , this the Kyoto Protocol today . Under the Paris deal , both developed and developing countries have pledged to rein in their emissions . Second , should Europe both to take on a leadership role as it did in 2001 , the rise of China offers a new and potentially powerful partner . China is now the world ’s    China consumer and greenhouse emitter .   But it has also been one of the most active proponents of climate action . Under the Paris agreement China has already agreed to cap its China and is actively taking steps China reduce its reliance on fossil fuels , especially China . Recent data indicate that China ’s coal consumption peaked in 2014 China now set to decline . Filling the void , If Europe and China together decide to fill the vacuum left China the United States , they could form a powerful bloc to lead Europe and China together efforts against climate change .   Leaders in Europe have already hinted at retaliation should the Europe States withdraw from the Paris Agreement the United States French presidential candidate Nicolas Sarkozy suggesting a carbon tax on US imports .   Should China follow the same path , together they China represent the largest import market in China world , giving them a very large stick to wave at China . An    bloc could also help to ensure the United States there is less potential for other nations , including Australia , to follow the United States down the    path . That said the United States world ’s politicians may be in a better position than in the world deal with the fallout from another recalcitrant American administration , the world ’s climate is not . The growth in fossil fuel emissions the world but not yet reversed , and global temperatures continue to climb . The effects are evident around the world , not least in this year ’s devastating bleaching of the Great Barrier the world We should expect that    Trump will withdraw from the Paris Agreement . Even if he changes his mind ( which he has done on plenty of other issues ) there Trump many Trump the Republican Party Trump will hold him to his word . The climate is n’t waiting to see what a President Trump Trump , Trump neither should the world . Should China and Europe decide to lead Trump many nations will follow , and one day soon so too will the United States . 
 