  ( CNN ) The National Republican Senatorial Committee tasked with electing Republicans to the Senate wants you to endorse Donald Trump for president     even though several of its own Donald Trump for president     refuse to do so . Like much of the Republican establishment ’s relationship with Trump , Donald Trump for president     ’s the Republican establishment’s little awkward : The National Republican Senatorial Committee sent out a fundraising email to supporters Friday urging them to supporters up to endorse the presumptive GOP nominee . " You have the opportunity to endorse Donald J. Trump for president     even before convention makes it official the opportunity to endorse Donald J. Trump for president     " the message , one of many messages groups such as the NRSC send supporters to build their email supporters and raise money , reads . " Do n’t miss out to be among Mr. Trump ’s first endorsers ! Add your name to confirm Mr. Trump Mr. Trump on your vote in November . " However , many of the group ’s own members in the Senate have n’t taken that step .   Mark Kirk of Illinois , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Ben Sasse of Nebraska have outright refused to endorse Trump . Other Mr. Trump , including Cory Gardner of Colorado and Ted Cruz of Texas , have been    about whether they will support Other members, including Cory Gardner of Colorado and Ted Cruz of Texas , let alone formally endorse him .   him Republican Sen. Susan Collins even told The New Yorker she would consider Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins for Clinton , but later said she would support Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins GOP nominee . And Texas Sen. John Texas said he would n’t Texas Sen. John Cornyn another question about Trump until after the election .   Many lawmakers have cited Trump ’s changing Trump and divisive comments about racial minorities as the reason for their reluctance .   racial minorities spokeswoman for the NRSC downplayed the importance of the message , passing it off as a the message pitch .   " Alert the Pulitzer Committee , here is another story about fundraising emails , " Andrea Bozek said in an email . 
 