Republican nominee Donald Trump dismissed the narrative at the Democratic National Convention ( DNC ) that America is on track , saying Democrats are living in a " fantasy world . " [ " Democrats ’re not talking about a "fantasy world , " Republican nominee Donald Trump stated Wednesday night during Republican nominee Donald Trump campaign rally in Davenport , Iowa . Republican nominee Donald Trump was referencing President Obama ’s speech referencing the billionaire and said the Democrats are n’t discussing or acknowledging radical Islamic terrorism , open borders , crime , or real wages .   Trump , in Iowa , Iowa Dems are being overly optimistic about the state of USA . " I watched last night , and it was like all beautiful roses . "   —    Ashley Killough ( @KilloughCNN ) July 28 , 2016 ,   " They do the Democrats talk about all of the problems we have in our country we education , " he added . " They ’re the Democrats talking about Obamacare   …     Obamacare is Obamacare   catastrophe . " " You ’re going to have increases , " Trump warned about the cost of Obamacare . Obamacare   It ’s    numbers . " " We want to have those numbers revealed prior to the election on November 8 , " he declared Trump alleging the Obama administration wants the numbers to come out in December . Trump also Trump Obama over Obama debt doubling under his watch Trump adding that ’s another issue not being discussed at the DNC . " We ca n’t go for another four years of Obama , Obama Trump stated Trump meaning Hillary Clinton . Trump ’s Trump released a press release Thursday evening , bashing the Democrats for their " fantasy the Democrats . " The press release a press release Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton week , Democrats have been speaking about a world that does n’t exist . A world where America has full employment , where there ’s no such thing as radical Islamic terrorism , where the border is totally secured , and where thousands of innocent Americans have not suffered from rising crime in cities like Baltimore and Chicago . In the Democrats’ fantasy world , there is no problem with Hillary Clinton maintaining an illegal , exposed server full of classified information that could have been hacked by any foreign enemy , and in which Hillary Clinton risked prison time to Hillary Clinton , 000 emails that were simply about yoga and wedding planning . In this world , there is no the Democrats’ fantasy world disaster in Syria , Libya and Hillary Clinton ISIS does n’t merit a mention , Iran is n’t on the path to nukes , convention stages do n’t need American flags , and our great men and women of law enforcement , our police , do not need to be honored . I propose a different vision for America , one where we can break up Washington ’s rigged system , and empower all Americans to achieve their dreams . In our vision , we will all Americans America First . If we deliver our change , America future is limitless our we will Make America Great Again for everyone . our his campaign America in Davenport , Iowa , Trump appealed directly to Hawkeye state voters by promising to keep Iowa the first in the nation caucus state during the primaries , to aide beef sales regarding trade deals , and to help evangelicals by removing the Johnson Amendment , which silences churches on political issues due to tax exempt status . " I ’m not in love with the caucus system , I have to tell you . No insult , " Trump says in Davenport . But promises he ’ll Trump Iowa 1st in nation ,   Trump    Jennifer Iowa ( @JenniferJJacobs ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Trump to Iowa : " If I ’m president they ’re Iowa na want your ’m ’m —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Trump appealed to Iowa farmers   —    there are   Trump to Iowa Iowa , 000 beef farms in the state   —    when discussing trade agreements with other countries . According to the Iowa Beef Industry Council , " In 2014 , Iowa ’s cattle industry contributed in excess of 7 Iowa billion dollars in business activity to Iowa ’s economy . " In addition to the farmers Iowa Trump appealed to evangelicals by promising to remove the Iowa farmers     —    created by Lyndon Johnson   —    which prevents churches from speaking out on political issues due to tax exempt status . " I figure that ’s one way I ’m getting to heaven , " Trump joked . The rally was packed , with no vacant seats inside Trump Adler Theatre , which holds 2 , 400 people . 
 