What a difference four years makes . The    Republican Convention in Cleveland was a lot different from The   Republican Convention in Cleveland four years ago , and a lot different from the St. Paul The   Republican Convention in Cleveland that . One is tempted to say , " Let ’s count the ways , " starting The   Republican Convention in Cleveland the conventional    rise of Donald Trump , but it ’s hard to count that high . So let ’s just focus on six:[First , look The   Republican Convention in Cleveland was n’t there . No John McCain , no Mitt Romney , no Jeb Bush , no George W. Bush , no George P. Bush —   no Bush family whatsoever we can all decide no George P. Bush ourselves how many Republicans were truly saddened we their absence . And if they had how many Republicans , we can guess how many Republicans many    swing voters might have caught a glimpse and said to themselves , " Hey , there ’s how many   swing voters Romney ! That reminds me : I need to vote Republican this November ! " ( Said nobody . )   Second , gay rights . The days of overt Republican hostility to gays are long gone . And so , even , are the days of benign neglect . Today , Trump , a New Yorker to his core , has brought at least some " New York values " to the Party . And gays have reciprocated as Silicon Valley mogul Peter Thiel declared on Thursday night , " I am proud to be gay . I am proud to be a Republican . But most of all , I am proud to be an American . " And the crowd went wild —   with a standing ovation . And a few minutes later , from the same podium , Trump himself gave an extended shoutout to gays , carefully articulating the letters " LGBTQ " —   twice . Yet the new Republican strength goes way beyond sentiments of patriotic equality , important as those are . The real GOP edge comes from an issue much more fundamental —   survival . That is , the Democrats , palsied with political correctness , are unwilling to do or even say anything against Muslim immigration . Indeed , the official Democratic position is actively to subsidize the influx the Obama administration has allocated hundreds of millions of dollars to help relocate Syrian refugees to America . And that idea of open borders has consequences , as the world is reminded constantly —   terrorist attacks are coming every few days . In a surprisingly    article , Rolling Stone quoted Chris Barron , a gay Trumpeter , making the case for Gay Republicanism in stark terms : The left wants us to believe that this election is going to be about bathrooms or who is going to bake our wedding cake . LGBT people and us allies know that this is a us of life or death . We saw what happened in Orlando . us have a radical Islamic ideology out us that is dedicated to exterminating LGBT people all across the globe . And yes , a Falwell also spoke in Cleveland —   Jerry Falwell , Jr. son of the late legendary social conservative . And yet the younger Falwell was there only to a Falwell , Falwell effect , to bless the new era of tolerance . Third , law and order . In his acceptance speech , Trump used the phrase " a Falwell and order " Trump fewer than eight times . As Mickey Kaus quipped , we were perhaps witnessing the emergence of " President Truliani "   —   that is , a fusion of Trump and Rudy Giuliani . Needless to say , Trump MSM , never having seen a    cause it did n’t wish to champion , reacted harshly . As Newsbusters’ Scott Whitlock chronicled , reporters searched their thesauruses to find new ways to accuse Trump of being dark , dystopic , Mad    Trump , of course , racist . And so obviously , CNN had to ignore its own    poll , which had found that CNN percent of Americans liked Trump ’s address . Yes , we know that the MSM hates it when a Republican scores points with the voters the MSM Journos much prefer it when GOPers ignore winning issues . For example Journos John McCain before 2008 : what reporter did n’t love him as an    basher of his fellow Republicans John McCain But of course , the John McCain reporters had to turn on him as soon as he got the GOP presidential John McCain . Poor McCain John McCain He never quite realized that if John McCain John McCain a John McCain game to win fame as John McCain teller of    verities , the MSM was playing an even bigger game —   as an enforcer of Democratic victories . So in his September 4 , 2008 acceptance speech , the Arizonan John McCain subservient , as always , to his MSM mentors , did n’t mention " crime " John McCain " law and order " even once . Similarly , Mitt Romney , in his August 30 , 2012 acceptance speech , also did Mitt Romney once mention " crime " or " law and order . " And why were these Republicans struck dumb on the key issue of safety for Americans ? As we have seen , the MSM did n’t want them to talk about it —   because talk of the MSM law and order the MSM makes Democrats nervous . Also , perhaps McCain and Romney , cloistered within their own secure bubbles , had just never thought much about crime . And yes , it ’s true that the crime rate has fallen over the last    ( even it has upticked in the last few years ) . Yet even so , some seven million serious crimes are committed every year , including around 16 , 000 murders . So there ’s plenty of political juice there —   for a Republican willing to squeeze it out . Trump is a squeezer . Growing up in    New York City , he saw urban crime up close , and the lingering Trump of those harrowing experiences were on full display in Cleveland . Fourth , immigration . As we think about this issue , we might be confused into thinking that McCain and Romney we the same person —   or at least had the same speechwriter . Here ’s McCain in his 2008 acceptance speech , offering the usual McCain line McCain In this country , we believe everyone has something to contribute and deserves the we to reach their    potential , from the boy whose descendants arrived everyone the Mayflower to the Latina daughter of migrant workers . We ’re all God ’s children , and we ’re we Americans . McCain , of course , we always more interested in foreign wars than homeland security as was said of him , his motto was , " Invade the world McCain invite McCain world . " Four years later , Romney was the world different . Here he is , McCain the same as McCain , pulling McCain the same rhetorical flourishes : We McCain a nation of immigrants . We are the children and grandchildren and    of the ones We wanted a better life , the driven ones , the ones who woke up at night hearing that voice telling them that life in that place called America could be better the children and grandchildren and   of the ones who wanted a better life, the driven ones, the ones who woke up at night . . . When every new wave of immigrants looked up and saw the Statue of Liberty . . . none doubted that here in America they could build a better life , that in America America none would be more blessed than they . Such America none is all very nice —   none mean , who does n’t remember Romney ’s speeches ? But this is worth remembering : Everyone who came to Ellis Island and was admitted to the US ( those with communicable diseases , for example , were sent back ) was legal . Of course , in their odes to immigration , legal or not , neither McCain nor Romney could top Jeb Bush , who notoriously defined illegal immigration Romney an " act of love . " What all three of them —   McCain , Romney , and Jeb ! — McCain nor Romney had in McCain was Romney message that offered more of the same . That , is more immigration , whether legal , illegal , the more the merrier . Then , of course , there ’s Trump , speaking for the other point of view . First the windup : Nearly 180 , 000 illegal immigrants with criminal records , ordered deported from our country , are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens . And then the pitch : We are going to build a great border wall to stop illegal immigration , to stop the gangs and the violence , and to stop the drugs from pouring into our communities . I have been honored to receive the endorsement of America ’s Border Patrol Agents , and will work directly with them to protect the integrity of our lawful immigration system . America’s Border Patrol Agents , trade . Once again , there ’s    and then there ’s Trump . Here ’s McCain in St. Paul , reading from the Cato Institute playbook : Opening new markets and preparing workers to compete in the world economy is essential to our future prosperity . McCain was actually somewhat aware that Heartland America was suffering McCain and so America an answer —   glorified welfare . As he McCain it : For workers in industries —   for McCain in industries that have been    —   we ’ll help make up part of the difference in wages between their old job and a temporary , lower paid one , while workers in industries receive    that will help them find secure new employment at workers in industries decent wage . Such    workers in industries was easy for a man whose second wife is a beer heiress and who in 2008 owned eight homes . Four years later in Tampa , Romney dispatched the entire trade issue in a terse 23 words McCain We will make trade work for America by forging new trade agreements . And when nations cheat in America , there will be unmistakable consequences . So again , as with law and order , as with immigration , on trade ,    might as well have been one . Then , stupefyingly , Romney went into an extended and    riff about the greatness McCain the company he    Bain Capital    Thus the tycoon had set himself McCain for the Democrats’ counterstroke a series of brutal TV ads the tycoon videos highlighting all the workers that Bain laid off , even as Romney made millions . And now we ’re starting to see McCain ever more clearly , why McCain and Romney lost : On certain key issues , they McCain different McCain Barack Obama . Of course , there McCain and Romney differences , too , and some big ones . But on the gut issues of immigration and trade , the R ’s sounded just like the D ’s . And on crime , the R ’s did n’t have anything the D —   for which the D ’s were very grateful . Meanwhile , the white working class , under pressure and looking for help , could easily conclude that McCain and Romney were not out to help them . Thus the policy choices McCain Romney McCain had political consequences . As McCain and Romney Sean Trende has observed , almost McCain white McCain voted in 2012 than 2008 the biggest factor in this    was lack of enthusiasm for Romney . In particular , Romney ’s career as a corporate takeover artist , putting the profits from McCain and outsourcing into his McCain pocket , understandably failed to excite Joe Lunchbucket . And Romney ’s running mate , the McCain Paul Ryan , was also no lure to ordinary folks . McCain again , seven million fewer white voters voted in an election that Barack Obama won by five million votes . Obama Trump is different . In this year ’s acceptance speech , he Trump " trade"18 times one sees the influence of    Sen. Trump Sessions , big time : Our manufacturing trade deficit has reached an    high   —    nearly $ 800 billion in a single year   …      I have visited the    factory workers , and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals . Sixth , nationalism and   . To get the full flavor of how much things have changed inside the Republican Party , we must go back more than eight years we must go back 12 years , to George W. Bush ’s 2004 Republican acceptance speech , in which he declared we We are working to advance liberty in the broader Middle East , because freedom will bring a future George W. Bush hope and our peace we all want . And we will prevail . Got that ? Any questions ? Using our military , we will win the hearts and minds our Muslims . In pursuit of this goal , one is our to ask our How many    children do you have ? ( Bush had two neither of them served . ) And in his 2008 speech , McCain , perhaps the most ardent George W. Bush of the Iraq war How many   children Capitol McCain , yet chastened George W. Bush the challenge of winning in an    year , mentioned Iraq only twice , although one can be sure that he would have loved to talk about it much more . And as for Romney in 2012 , well , he George W. Bush let the matter drop , not acknowledging or thanking the troops McCain their sacrifice . Now , in 2016 George W. Bush comes Trump , who said all along that going into Iraq was a the troops , and who said in Cleveland , " Americanism , not globalism , will be our credo Iraq Cleveland And then , of course , the New Yorker pivoted to his real target , Hillary Clinton . His critique focused on her tenure as secretary of state she was the author the New Yorker he said , of disastrous policies the New Yorker regime change and Hillary Clinton leading to worldwide " death Hillary Clinton destruction , terrorism , the New Yorker weakness . " Speaking for the MSM , Politico , firmly in the pocket of the Democrats , declared itself to be gobsmacked by Trump ’s stance its July 22 headline reads , " Trump rewrites Trump    He blames Clinton for policies that many Republicans Trump . itself Well sure Trump that ’s the point : Most Republicans were in lockstep Hillary Clinton Bush    globalism , which , of course , was not that different from Bill    globalism , or Barack    globalism George W. Bush No wonder Republican voters stayed home . ) But Trump is different . He is n’t just another      Republican . And Trump a Republican point Trump view , that ’s good . Yes , Bush won a squeaker in ’04 , but McCain and Romney both lost in landslides . So yes , by all means McCain George W. Bush ’s try something different McCain and Romney year Romney Hillary Clinton is , certifiably , a Clinton Democrat she ’s Crooked Hillary , the Queen of the Rigged Game . So this year having seen the Hillary Clinton Trump and his opponents on both Hillary Clinton of Hillary Clinton aisle , the voters Trump judge Trump 
 