Washington ( CNN ) It ’s going to be impossible to gauge how many people exactly attended the inauguration of Donald Trump in 2017 as opposed to Barack Obama in 2009 .   It ’s also going to be impossible to gauge how many people exactly attended Trump ’s inauguration as opposed to the Women ’s March Saturday organized as a direct rebuttal to Trump the previous day . RELATED : Get full coverage of the transition to Trump and of the Women ’s March , But there ’s going to be a lot of conjecture about it . Trump Trump about his massive Trump during an appearance at the Armed Services Ball Friday night .   It ’s clear that both events attracted many people . Below are pictures from 12:15 p. m. ET on each day from the EarthCam website .   Trump talked Trump crowd size during an appearance at the CIA Saturday and argued the size of his crowds Trump been misrepresented . " We had a massive field of people , " he told Trump US intelligence agency . " You saw that . Packed . I get up this morning , I turn on one of the networks , and they show the networks empty field . I ’m like , wait a minute . I made a speech . I looked out , the field an empty field it looked like an empty field million , million and a half people . They showed a a million, million and a half people where there were practically nobody standing there . And they said , a million, million and a half people Trump did not draw well , " the President said . " It looked honestly like a million and a half people , whatever it was , It was , but it went all it way back to the Washington Monument and I turn on , by mistake , I get this network , and it showed an this network field . Said we drew 250 , 000 people . Now , that ’s not bad . But it ’s a this network . We had 250 we 000 250, 000 people said . Said It was n’t clear which outlet Trump was referring to . CNN has not reported a specific size to the crowd since there has been no official estimate . Trump took the oath of office Trump before noon Friday and then gave his inaugural address . A rally Trump with the march was slated for between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m. on Saturday . Some differences to note : Trump ’s speech was on the Trump of the Capitol , which was at capacity on Friday . It was cordoned off and Friday on Some differences to note: Trump’s speech was on the West Front of the Capitol, which was at capacity on Friday as protesters gathered on the Mall Saturday   On the other hand , the Women ’s March filled the streets around the mall . Those streets were closed the Mall supporters . the streets around the mall was on Trump 20 , Trump of the Constitution , which this year occurred on a Friday . The Women ’s March was on Saturday , the Women’s March work . Metro , Washington ’s subway system , tweeted Saturday there were 275 , 000 trips taken Saturday by 11 a. m.    On Friday , there were 193 , Saturday trips by 11 a. m. according a Friday Metro . Another important point : Both events are occurring in an area opposed to Trump . Washington , D. C. voted overwhelmingly against Trump last November . He got Washington 4 . 1 % of the Trump in the nation D. C. capital . He also lost the surrounding states of Maryland by 25 percentage points and D. C. by nearly 5 percentage points . It would be a longer trip for a critical mass of Trump supporters than for a critical mass of marchers . It should also Trump noted that marchers took to the streets in other It , nationwide , and in cities around the world . Related : An incredibly    interactive image of Trump ’s inauguration , Related : Comparing Trump ’s inauguration crowd to Obama Trump " Sister marches " also took Trump in Chicago : And New York : And in Boston : Here are some of the best pictures from American cities : And images from other countries , too : 
 