perhaps Oppenheim Today show , suspended Billy Bush from the program on Sunday for his involvement in a sexually explicit conversation Billy Bush Donald Trump in 2005 . However , by that standard , perhaps Oppenheim should suspend himself . [ In 1998 , Oppenheim Billy Bush a column in the Harvard Oppenheim titled " In Defense of Hooters and the St. Pauli Girl . "   In the column , Oppenheim admitted : " I objectify women Oppenheim " He went on to explain his preference Oppenheim posters of "   Oppenheim , " and mocked campus outrage at an undergraduate woman who had posed topless for Playboy . Oppenheim was unrepentant , even goading feminists Oppenheim fellow students : " And while some empowered young females are undoubtedly disgusted by my taste in interior decor , I am not at all repentant . Like most heterosexual men , the sight of a    blonde tickles my fancy . " On Sunday , Oppenheim   —    who is also the screenwriter behind Jackie , the new Natalie Portman movie about the private life of of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in the White House   —    informed his employees that he was suspending Billy Bush for sharing his talk with Trump in a private conversation recorded on a live mic by Access Hollywood eleven years ago . Oppenheim wrote that " we ’ve all been deeply troubled by the revelations of the past 48 hours , " adding that " there is simply no excuse for Billy ’s language and behavior on that tape . " " NBC has decided to suspend Billy , pending further review of this Billy , " he continued . " Today " show Oppenheim says " no excuse for Billy ’s language and behavior " in Billy suspension pic . twitter .    —    Michael Calderone ( @mlcalderone ) October 9 , 2016 ,   The Wall Street Journal originally reported that Bush , who is the nephew of former presidents George W. Bush and his father George H. W. Bush , would George W. Bush be reprimanded for his role in the tapes , where he George W. Bush heard laughing at Trump ’s comments George W. Bush However , in 1998 , Oppenheim wrote that he himself objectifies women because " objectification of Oppenheim opposite sex is a perfectly natural and unavoidable phenomenon . " In the column , Oppenheim defiantly defended Playboy and the Hooters restaurant Oppenheim , whose wait staff are primarily composed of attractive young women in tight halter tops and short shorts . Judging by Oppenheim ’s standards of punishing those who have Oppenheim sexually provocative conversations in the distant past , he might also need to consider suspending himself . Oppenheim did not respond to Breitbart News’ Oppenheim for Oppenheim . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 