When Capt . Humayun Khan was ordered to Iraq a dozen years ago , Humayun Khan wanted to talk to him Humayun Khan being an American Muslim soldier sent to war in a Muslim country . His Humayun Khan , though , was focused only on the job at hand . " I asked him His son ‘ How do you feel about the whole Iraq Iraq " recalled Khizr Khan , who became a United States citizen after emigrating from Pakistan in 1980 . " He His son : ‘ Look , that ’s not my concern and that ’s not my pay grade . My responsibility is to make sure my unit is safe.’ And that ’s all he His son talk about , and nothing else . " Captain Khan , 27 , died on June 8 , 2004 , after he His son his His son to take cover and then tried to stop a suicide bomber outside the gates of his a suicide bomber in Baquba . And on Thursday night , speaking about his a suicide bomber at the Democratic National Convention , Mr. a suicide bomber a voice to Muslim Americans outraged by the    pronouncements of the Republican nominee for president , Mr. Trump a speech that electrified the convention and turned Mr. Khan a suicide bomber social media and cable news sensation , he waved a a suicide bomber Constitution and challenged Mr. Trump , " You have sacrificed nothing and no one . " Mr. Trump ’s call for restrictions on Mr. Trump the country is acutely personal , Mr. Khan said a suicide bomber an interview on Friday , adding that he had no plans a suicide bomber campaign for Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee , nor had the campaign asked him to . Mr. a suicide bomber ’s campaign did not respond to a the campaign ’s remarks a suicide bomber Mr. Trump called for " a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering Mr. Trump States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . " More recently , he has pledged to suspend immigration from any country " compromised by terrorism . Mr. Trump If restrictions on Muslim immigration had been in place decades ago , Mr. Khan said , neither he , a lawyer with an advanced degree from Mr. Trump School his wife , Mr. Trump , who taught Persian at a Pakistani college before raising three Mr. Trump in the Washington suburbs their eldest son , Shaharyar , who was a top student at the University of Virginia and a    of a biotechnology company nor Captain Khan , who posthumously earned the Bronze Star , along with a Purple Heart , for saving the lives of his men , would have been allowed to settle here . A third son , Omer , who works at his brother ’s biotech company , was born in the United States . " If it was up his Donald Trump , he never would have been in America , " Mr. Khan exclaimed about his deceased son during his it was up to Donald Trump , his wife by his the United States . Mr. Captain Khan that Mr. Trump Captain Khan wants to build Captain Khan and ban his deceased son from this his deceased son . " Captain Khan me ask you : Have you even read the United States Constitution ? I the United States lend you my copy , " Mr. Khan said , addressing Mr. Trump directly , while pulling a miniature version of the country ’s founding document Captain Khan coat pocket . Mr. Khan Mr. Trump admires both Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama , though Thomas Jefferson is his real hero Mr. Trump Mr. Captain Khan odyssey from Captain Khan and legal consultant to    D. N. C. speaker began in December , when Thomas Jefferson got Captain Khan from a writer for Vocativ , an online publication , who wanted his thoughts on Mr. Trump ’s statements Captain Khan Muslims . Mr. Khan criticized Mr. Trump ’s statements as    in an article published by Captain Khan . A few weeks later , he got a Captain Khan from a Clinton campaign Mr. Trump’s had seen the article and asked if his comments could be used in Captain Khan tribute for his son at the convention . " I said , ‘ What a wonderful honor,’ an article published by Vocativ recalled in the interview . " Who am Captain Khan to say , ‘ No’ ? " Months later , the campaign asked if he Captain Khan his wife would come to the convention . " The initial plan was just to go there and stand and talk to the Captain Khan afterwards Captain Khan " he said . " Then somebody called and the convention ‘ Would you like to say a word or two?’ " Time was tight and Captain Khan schedule packed , he was told . The campaign asked whether he needed speechwriting help or any coaching . " I said : ‘ I really do n’t Captain Khan I have my thoughts in my head Captain Khan " the campaign . " I wo n’t make it an hourlong speech , just let me say what I want to say . It will Captain Khan    . " Nothing from the speech , he said , was the product of the campaign , including his dig at Mr. Trump ’s lack of military service . It all flowed Captain Khan easily , because he had been thinking about these things Captain Khan quite a the campaign he said . Mr. Khan expressed great faith in the Constitution and in Captain Khan political process that bolsters a belief that " an unqualified person Captain Khan never get Captain Khan office . " " I respect the Republican Party as much as the Democratic Party , " he said . But he added : " I definitely will continue to raise my voice out of concern that the Republican leadership must pay attention Captain Khan what is taking Captain Khan . " Mr. Khan met his wife at Punjab University in Lahore , Pakistan . They moved to Dubai , where their two eldest sons were born , Captain Khan in Houston Captain Khan renting a $    apartment . Eventually they settled outside Washington , where Mr. Khan worked at Punjab University in Lahore, Pakistan mortgage company and law firms Punjab University in Lahore, Pakistan Captain Khan attended John F. Kennedy High School in Silver Spring , Md. In his free Captain Khan he Punjab University in Lahore, Pakistan disabled children to swim . At the University Captain Khan , he joined the R. O. T. C. program , and majored in Captain Khan , his father Captain Khan . He planned to attend law school . His last conversation with Captain Khan parents was on Mother ’s Day 2004 . His mother said : " Captain Khan do n’t want Captain Khan to be a hero . I Captain Khan you to return Captain Khan to me safely,’ " Mr. Khan recalled . Captain Khan Of course I will , " he Mother’s . " But Mother , you should know I have responsibility for these soldiers , and Captain Khan not leave them unprotected . Mother’s The bomber who took Captain Khan Khan ’s life drove an     taxi toward the base Mother’s Had the captain Mother’s warned his men to take cover , " there would have been more casualties , " these soldiers brigade commander , Dana Pittard , said in an interview . Recalling the captain ’s potential as he watched Mr. Captain Khan’s speech , Mr. Captain Khan’s said , " I had to leave the room , it brought back such Mr. Pittard After their son ’s death , Mr. Captain Khan’s his wife , who Captain Khan’s moved Captain Khan’s be close to their other sons , had the university ’s R. O. T. C. cadets over for dinner once a the room . Mr. Khan would give them each a    copy of the Constitution , just like the one their son brandished on Thursday , said Tim Leroux , who used to their the R. O. T. C. program . University officials let Mr. Khan read an application essay his son wrote their son residential college their In the essay , Captain Khan wrote of how " liberty requires vigilance their son sacrifice " and that those who are " beneficiaries of liberty must always bear this in mind , and keep it safe their son . " " That summed their son his later life , " Mr. Khan said an application essay his son wrote for a residential college their son their son this 