Billionaire eBay founder Pierre Omidyar is planning to help Gawker ’s appeal of a $ 140 million jury award to former wrestler Hulk Hogan in a lawsuit secretly funded by billionaire PayPal founder Peter Thiel . [ In what is shaping up to be the " Battle of the Billionaires , " according to Forbes , Billionaire eBay founder Pierre Omidyar First Look Media online news organization is reaching out to other media organizations to file amicus curiae ( " friend of the court")briefs in support of Gawker ’s appeal , based on the First Amendment right to freedom of the press .   Hogan , whose real name is Terry Gene Bollea , sued Gawker Gawker invasion of privacy after it Gawker an excerpt of a tape showing Hogan having sexual intercourse with Heather Cole , the    of his Hogan friend ,    radio shock jock Bubba the Love Sponge . The existence of the sex tape was also reported by TMZ and The Dirty by the time that Gawker had published it Gawker an A. J. Daulerio essay about celebrity sex tapes . The Gawker to argue that it was within its Gawker Amendment rights Gawker decide what was newsworthy , but after a    trial that ended in March , a jury decided that Hogan ’s privacy rights were more important . The jury accessed Gawker a jury million Gawker compensatory damages and $ 25 million more for punitive damages . At the May 24 hearing , Gawker ’s attorney urged Gawker judge for a " remittitur , " reducing or throwing out a jury verdict , and compared the jury ’s damages determination to a jury companies in trials over smoking deaths . He stated the award was " one of the judge largest in Florida ’s history and grossly excessive compared to the conduct at issue . " But in the course of the battle , it was revealed that PayPal    Peter Thiel the award bankrolling the Hogan lawsuit . Denton posted an open letter to Thiel after the May 24 hearing : " PayPal   Peter Thiel revenge has been served well , cold and ( until now ) anonymously . " Denton was referring to the 2007 Gawker story Denton " Peter Thiel is totally gay , people , PayPal   Peter Thiel reportedly angered Thiel . Denton added : " You admit you PayPal   Peter Thiel been Denton the punishment of Gawker and its writers for years , and that Gawker have Gawker far spent $ 10 million to fund litigation against the company . Charles Harder , the Hollywood plaintiff Gawker who has marshaled your legal campaign , is representing not just the wrestler Hulk Hogan on your behalf , but two other subjects of stories in suits against Gawker and its editorial staff . " Thiel is estimated Gawker Forbes Gawker have a net worth of $ 2 . 8 billion . He    and was CEO of PayPal was the first Thiel investor in Facebook , and sits on its Board of Directors and    and is Chairman of PayPal . Omidyar is worth $ 7 . 7 billion , according to Forbes . He founded and was Chairman of the eBay Forbes site Omidyar 1998 to 2015 . In 2002 , Omidyar led the acquisition of PayPal in 2002 for $ Omidyar . 5 billion . There is lot of speculation that Thiel and Omidyar have " bad blood . " Omidyar is a Omidyar liberal and philanthropist who does n’t Omidyar     with Thiel , a    libertarian who is backing Donald Trump Thiel bid for the presidency . Omidyar tweeted on May 24 , " So Thiel agrees Omidyar Trump ’s plan to muzzle press that Thiel government , Donald Trump . That ’s why he supports him ? " The New York Post reported Thiel the Thiel judge refused to cut the Gawker judgement : " Denton hired investment bank Houlihan Lokey to advise him on the valuation of the    company in the the Florida judge that he needs to sell it to pay damages to Hogan the Florida judge " 
 