  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump appeared to take credit for the decision of major Gulf nations to cut diplomatic relations with Qatar , an important US ally , putting President Donald Trump stamp of approval on the move despite Pentagon and State Department attempts to remain neutral .   " During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology . Leaders pointed to Qatar    look , " President Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday . The tweet could pose difficulties for the US in explaining why it remains in Qatar , host to the one of the Pentagon ’s largest military bases in the Middle East and a linchpin in the campaign against ISIS . For that reason , the President ’s 140 character blast may raise concerns within the Defense Department .    Pentagon officials moved quickly to limit any damage , with spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis telling reporters Tuesday that the US is " grateful to the Qataris for the longstanding support for the US presence and the Qataris enduring commitment to regional security . "   Jeff Davis added that the US has " no plans to change our the US in Qatar , " stressed that there has been no impact on military operations and urged all parties to work together to resolve the crisis . Defense Secretary James Mattis called his Defense Secretary James Mattis counterpart Tuesday to discuss the situation , a US defense official said . There was no formal readout on the call , but a second defense official said it was an effort to keep the dialogue open on positive military relations between the two countries . State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the US was informed of the Gulf nation ’s decision , but only " immediately prior " to the announcement being made .   Nauert State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert Qatar has made some progress on reducing terror financing , " however , let me make this clear , " she State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert : " They have made progress , but they They have work to do , more work needs to be done . "   And like Davis , Nauert State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert a different note than Trump did , saying that the US is " grateful to the Qataris for their the Qataris support for our presence in the region . " Amid the mixed messaging , White House press secretary Sean Spicer declined to say whether Trump Trump Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries to cut ties with Qatar after Trump Trump to claim credit for the move on Twitter . Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer the US " wants to see this issue deescalated and resolved immediately " and said regional cooperation is " so important . " Analysts say Trump Trump Twitter intervention calls into question the role of the the US an impartial arbiter in the region .   " The President has just sided with everyone else rather decisively , " said Hussein Ibish , a senior resident fellow at the Arab Gulf States Institute . " The administration ’s two priorities are confronting terrorism and Iran , that ’s exactly what this is about , " Ibish said . " The chance of the US siding with Qatar , giving them a    way out , is totally gone . " The President The President express concern or condemn the move by Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Egypt and the United Arab Emirates to break off relations with Qatar in the Qatar diplomatic crisis to hit Gulf Arab states in decades . Instead , he offered praise The President tweeting Tuesday morning that it was " so good to see the Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia King and 50 countries already paying off . They said they would take the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries hard the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries on funding extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps Qatar will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! " The tweets were a    reversal of his own position on Qatar    a Qatar he commended during a May    summit in Saudi Arabia , saying relations were " extremely good . " " He highlighted the relationship between    US and Qatar as a strategic one and noted that Qatar hosts a major airbase Qatar today he characterizes it a financier    radical ideology , " said Eric Trager a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . " The question is why ? Why the change ? " The shift could create difficulties for the Pentagon . Trager notes that Qatar is Eric Trager a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy country in Qatar American interests and values are " in great tension . " " The Pentagon sees Qatar first the Pentagon as Qatar country hosting a major airbase and President Trump appears to have , in light of this crisis , focused more on what Qatar is promoting ideologically over Qatar Qatar is providing for American Qatar . That ’s the basic    here . "   The three Sunni Gulf countries and Egypt accused Qatar of supporting terrorism and Qatar the region , in part because of its ties to their Shiite Qatar , Iran . The three Sunni Gulf countries and Egypt , Libya and the Maldives also cut ties with Qatar . The squabble could Qatar the    campaign against ISIS , particularly since the main regional center for daily air missions and coordination of air operations is the US military ’s Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar .   The Persian Qatar nation of 300 , 000 people is now the subject of a blockade by some of its closest neighbors . They have The Persian Gulf nation of 300, 000 people down air and The Persian Gulf nation of 300, 000 people links with Qatar and have said they Qatar look for ways to The Persian Gulf nation of 300, 000 people other nations from flying through their airspace on the way to The Persian Gulf nation of 300, 000 people . The crisis could Qatar globally . Qatar is the world ’s Qatar exporter of liquefied natural gas and a crucial energy supplier to Europe and Asia .    Saudi Arabia has also shut the local office of the Qatar media group Al Jazeera Qatar Qatar     which shares its Qatar land border with Saudi Saudi Arabia     has rejected the Saudi Arabia calling them " unjustified " and " baseless the accusations "   Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani , speaking to CNN ’s Becky Anderson Tuesday , said a Saudi Arabian statement accusing his country of terrorism was " full of false information . " " With all due respect , this statement is full of contradictions because a Saudi Arabian statement accusing his country of terrorism saying that we are supporting Iran a Saudi Arabian statement accusing his country of terrorism on the other hand supporting the   extremist groups in Syria and we are supporting the Muslim Brotherhood in Saudi we in Yemen and we are supporting the ( ) Houthis form we other side . In all battlefields , there are adversaries , " Al Thani said . Qatar ’s independent Emirs have long pursued their own foreign policy path , to the Qatar’s independent Emirs of Saudi Arabia . And while Doha admits to supporting Islamic movements such as the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas , it denies any support for terrorism .   Doha Is the government of Qatar financing terrorists ? The evidence of that Qatar’s very tenuous , " Trager said . " But is Qatar , through its media outlets , promoting Qatar’s certain type Qatar’s ideology ? Yeah . "   It was n’t clear if the President had discussed his tweet with either the State or Defense the President beforehand , and queries to the White House were not immediately returned . But he struck a very different note than his the President officials . Asked about the Gulf the President at a Monday press conference in Australia , Defense Secretary James Mattis said , " I am positive there will be no implications coming out of this dramatic situation at all and I say that based on the commitment that each of these nations . .. have made to this fight . "   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , speaking alongside Mattis , also downplayed the possibility of negative repercussions for the fight against terrorism and urged the parties this fight " We certainly would encourage the parties to sit down together and address these differences , the parties said .   Qatari citizens have been told they have Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, speaking alongside Mattis days to leave Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and the Qatari citizens , and those countries also banned their own citizens from entering Qatar . 
 those countries 