WASHINGTON   —    Speaker Paul D. Ryan delivered Speaker Paul D. Ryan party ’s weekly address on Friday   —    a rarity   —    giving a peek at the House Republican agenda that Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Speaker Paul D. Ryan colleagues will begin to roll out next week . the House Republican agenda was originally supposed to counter Donald J. Trump , whose views often stand apart from the party ’s policy traditions . But now that Mr. Ryan has officially endorsed his Mr. Ryan ’s presumptive nominee , he Mr. Ryan that his Mr. Ryan ideas will magically become Mr. Trump ’s , and that the nominee will help advertise them the nominee fall and eventually promulgate them the nominee the White House . The six policy task forces in the the White House release their prescriptions The six policy task forces in the House at a time over a course of Fridays this summer , under the broad title " A Better Way . " But perhaps it should be called " A Bedeviled Way . " Despite Mr. Ryan ’s efforts to take some control , however , here are four reasons Mr. Trump , not the House speaker , is far more likely to set the Republican agenda this summer this summer party ’s Mr. Ryan and into the fall campaign . Mr. Trump , long before he secured his Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump shown a remarkable ability for getting television coverage of his pronouncements . His remarks Mr. Trump building a Mr. Trump between the United States and Mexico ( not embraced by Mr. Ryan ) barring most Muslims from entering the country ( ditto ) and ending free trade deals ( again ) have gotten constant coverage . Mr. Ryan ’s promises to Mr. Ryan and to address executive authority ? Not so much . While Mr. Ryan has weekly news conferences Mr. Ryan talk about the House agenda , reporters tend to ask him almost exclusively about Mr. Trump . Mr. Ryan Republican candidates who ran for president this year , like Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz and the former Florida governor Jeb Bush , may have differed with Mr. Ryan on the margins on policy Mr. Ryan they hewed to the same core beliefs . Some Republican candidates who ran for president this year, like Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz and the former Florida governor Jeb Bush Trump did n’t simply beat those candidates Mr. Trump destroyed them , often in Some Republican candidates who ran for president this year, like Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz and the former Florida governor Jeb Bush personal Mr. Trump . The Some Republican candidates who ran for president this year, like Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz and the former Florida governor Jeb Bush Republican agenda is not selling this year . The speaker is widely viewed as endorsing Mr. Trump to provide the party with the unity Mr. Trump get House members    and to help Mr. Ryan keep his day job . But if there is any unity in Mr. Ryan party , it stems from Mr. Trump ’s agenda Mr. the party struggled to there is any unity in the party Mr. Trump legislation passed . " Trump Mr. Ryan votes to win the nomination in pretty convincing Mr. Trump , " said John Feehery , a Republican strategist and former aide to the House Republican leadership . " The speaker has had a tough time getting enough votes to pass a budget in the House , let alone pass the rest of his agenda , " he added . As Mr. Ryan was giving his modest The speaker to Mr. Trump The speaker the Manhattan businessman was garnering his latest Mr. Ryan headlines by suggesting that a federal judge overseeing the    suit Mr. Ryan Trump University was biased because of Mr. Trump has been a passionate voice against Mr. Trump ’s inflammatory rhetoric , may Mr. Trump a hard time pressing the " inclusive " agenda he has been promoting while at the same time promising allegiance to Mr. Trump . His voice of skepticism , not his agenda Mr. Trump is what got Mr. Ryan the most attention , and putting Mr. Trump the shelf Mr. Trump not serve him well . Mr. Trump Mr. Ryan the most attention 