’   ’ "    Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney is    Donald    Trump ’s top choice to lead the State Department in Trump    administration , . " "    Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee for president ,   over the weekend . Sources familiar with the    transition team ’s deliberations told The Journal that Trump is    leaning toward picking Trump for secretary of state . " "    But the decision is not yet set in stone   —    according to The Journal , some in Trump orbit want him Trump instead pick former    New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , who was viewed as the early      for the post . Others want him Trump look at candidates    aside from those two . " ’    Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , a top Trump ally , hinted on    Monday that he viewed Giuliani as the stronger pick . ’ ’    " That entirely is a question of the    and deciding    whether in fact Romney would be willing to be his secretary of Romney state or in fact Romney would work Romney make Trump Romney’ ’s version    of the presidency , " Gingrich said . ’ ’’ ’    He added : Gingrich I think they’’ve got to talk it through . they’’ve am for    whoever the    picks . I think there are huge    advantages to    Giuliani , frankly . I think that if you want    someone who is going to go out and be a very tough negotiator for    America and represent American interest in the way that Trump    campaigned , I think that probably Rudy is a Rudy Giuliani pick and has    the right temperament . " ’ "    Giuliani was one Rudy Giuliani Trump ’s earliest Trump    , while Romney    became one of Trump ’s most Trump    critics throughout the campaign . " ’    Romney spoke out Romney    Trump frequently and Trump    to endorse    him despite Trump Romney    Romney Trump    2012 . Romney   in Romney    election . ’ ’    Trump also   during the campaign , calling the campaign " spoiled Romney    brat " and " nasty guy . " ’ ’    After the election , Romney said the general election . Romney ’    Other developments on Tuesday indicate Trump’ ’s Cabinet is    starting to take shape . He said he’ ’s " " Trump’’s Cabinet neurosurgeon and former Republican    presidential candidate Ben Carson for secretary of housing and    urban development . ’ ’    The Journal also reported that Trump was likely to name retired     and favors South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as a    candidate for US ambassador to the United Nations . ’ 
 