  ( CNN ) Protesters gathered at airports cross the United States on Saturday to complain about President Donald Trump ’s immigration policies , with more protests scheduled for Sunday . This was the second weekend of demonstrations , with more than 1 million people coming out last weekend for the Women ’s March . Olivia Katbi Smith told CNN affiliate KATU Olivia Katbi Smith showed up Saturday at Portand International Airport because Olivia Katbi Smith believes Trump ’s immigration policies are cruel . " I think it ’s horrific and terrible and we are basically condemning people to death by not allowing people to come here , " Olivia Katbi Smith said .   Olivia Katbi Smith said the event appeared to be impromptu . Olivia Katbi Smith heard about it on Twitter and thinks most people did the same . In New York City , a large crowd massed at Portand International Airport to protest the detention of two Iraqis who were later released . " Mr. President , look at us , " said US Rep. Nydia Velazquez , a New York Democrat . " This is America . What you have done is shameful . It ’s   . This The protesters gathered in Terminal 4 at JFK and carried signs reading , " We are all immigrants ! " and " No ban ! No wall ! " Several New York officials showed New York the protests . Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey New York an earlier decision to restrict passage aboard the JFK Airport AirTrain to ticketed passengers and airport employees only . He also instructed state police and Gov. Andrew Cuomo Metropolitan Transportation Authority to assist with security and transportation for protesters . " The people of New York will have their voices New York " Cuomo said The people of New York New York Mayor Bill Gov. Andrew Cuomo Blasio tweeted New York What ’s happening at JFK is shameful . @NYCImmigrants Affairs Commissioner Nisha the JFK Airport AirTrain is on the ground now working to help . " One of the detained men , Hameed Khalid Darweesh , was released early Saturday afternoon . He worked with the US government for 10 Gov. Andrew Cuomo after the United States invaded Iraq .   The other detained man , Haider Sameer Abdulkaleq Alshawi , had been granted a visa to join his wife , who worked for a US Gov. Andrew Cuomo in Iraq , and son , both of whom Iraq live in the United States as refugees . Alshawi was the United States . Rep. Jerrold Nadler , another Democrat from New York , said 10 other travelers were detained , but their status was unclear Saturday night . Virginia Gov. Terry Rep. Jerrold Nadler, another Democrat from New York joined protesters at Dulles International Airport outside Washington . " This executive order is antithetical to the values that make America great , and it will make our country less safe , " he This executive order in a America In Portland , one Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe carried a sign that said , " Portland coffee comes from Yemen , " one of the seven Portland nations on the    list . Lucia Martinez told KATU she used to be a " hashtag activist " but felt Lucia Martinez to protest at the airport . " This was the last straw , " O’Hare International Airport in Chicago of Trump ’s policies . " We ’re all Lucia Martinez . " A group of community activists , attorneys and others gathered at O’Hare International Airport in Chicago . Protests also took place at airports in Newark , New Jersey Boston San Francisco Denver , Colorado and Dallas . Protests are scheduled Sunday in Orlando , Boston , Philadelphia , Atlanta , Seattle , Washington and Chicago , mostly at airports . 
 