  ( CNN ) A former Miss USA contestant says Donald Trump personally inspected each woman prior to the contest to the point where it was " the dirtiest I felt in my entire life . " Samantha Holvey , the 2006 Miss North Carolina , told  (CNN) that during an event in New York City in the month before the pageant , Donald Trump personally inspected each of the contestants . " Donald Trump would step in front of each girl and look you over from head to toe like we were just meat , we were just sexual objects , that we were not people , " Holvey said . " You know when a gross guy at the bar is checking you out ? a gross guy at the bar ’s that feeling . " As a     attending a private Southern Baptist college , she said she was not prepared for what she experienced before and during the pageant . she recalled private parties where the contestants mingled with " old , rich drunk guys ogling all over us . " At the time , she said , she told she mother what was going on . The final straw , she said , was when Trump and Trump wife , Melania , showed up backstage . " Trump was literally walking around just looking at the girls and then Trump and his wife, Melania walked in , " Holvey said . They both Trump and his wife, Melania to a doorway that led into the dressing room where other contestants were getting ready , she said . " I thought it was entirely inappropriate , " Holvey said . Holvey I told my mom about it . I it disgusted by the entire thing . I had no desire to win when I understood what it was all about . " Messages left with a pageant spokesperson and Trump ’s campaign were not immediately returned . In later years , other contestants also said Trump behaved inappropriately Trump’s Prior to the preliminary competition in the 2012 pageant , contestants remembered them parading before contestants and then Trump’s him onstage . Trump’s A few nights before the preliminary show , they kicked everyone contestants and they wanted us contestants do just a runway show for Donald Trump , Trump’s a contestant , who asked not to be identified by name because she continues to volunteer at pageants . " We had to literally us in front of him . " A Trump’s in the 2013 Miss USA pageant was also critical of Trump ’s behavior .   In a Facebook post earlier this year , Miss Washington Cassandra Searles wrote , " Do y’ all remember that one time we had to do us own stage introductions us this one guy treated us like cattle and us us do it again us we did n’t look us in the eyes this one guy Do you also remember when he then proceeded to this one guy us lined up so us could get a this one guy look at his property ? " Trump not be reached for comment . CNN reported last week that Trump told radio host Howard Stern in 2005 that he would " go backstage Trump everyone ’s getting dressed , and everything else , and you know , no men are anywhere , and I ’m allowed to go in because I ’m the owner of the ’m and therefore I ’m inspecting it . " ’m You the owner of the pageant , the dresses . ’Is everyone OK?’ You know , they ’re standing there with the dresses clothes . ’Is everybody OK?’ And you see these incredible looking women , and so , I sort of get away with things like that . But no , I ’ve been very good , " Trump said . 
 