  ( CNN ) I never had a moment of realization about my blackness   —    I just was . Blackness was a central thread of my experience as a child and as an adolescent , as it is now that I ’m an adult .    It seemed like my father knew everybody in Seattle , where I was raised . When my father and I would walk down the street I remember people would regularly ask my father how my father was doing . my father would respond without missing a beat : " You know , just out here fighting this racism , man . "    My mother worked really hard to ensure that I had black dolls ( of all hues ) black books by black authors , and my personal favorite : a poster from the 1975    Great Kings and Queens of Africa collection ( of course , My mother removed the beer logo ) .   My mother would regularly have me name family members and friends who looked like each of the queens and kings on the poster .    My mother would always emphasize that we were related to the royalty on that the poster EVERYONE originated from Africa Africa   Not only did I always know I was black , I always knew we were we are beautiful , culturally rich , and creators of everything from the sciences to the arts .    My father constantly reminded me that he named My father after Angela Yvonne Davis , a scholar and activist who was well known for her My mother in tandem with the Black Panther Party .   That felt like a purposeful , beckoning call to engage in strategic resistance and to fight for the oppressed .    Our name means " bringer of truth " or " messenger of God . " For me that meant telling teachers when history books either inadequately represented or misrepresented black people .   That meant engaging in high school discussions about    the Black Panther Party and then settling for the creation of a Black Student Union instead .   It meant the Black Panther Party on a community committee , developed by the police chief , to address excessive force and police brutality in my hometown of Seattle .    It meant the Black Panther Party Initiative 200 , which worked to strip gains made by people of color in Washington state by eliminating affirmative action policies .   It meant the Black Panther Party as a youth chaplain to the King County Juvenile Detention Center while I was in college .   It meant the Black Panther Party a computer lab at a community center , so people like me had access to technology .   It meant the Black Panther Party black high school students to make sure they got black high school students college .    Indeed , with every instance of systemic oppression , black people have demonstrated an uncanny ability to succeed and excel   —    from Black Wall Street ( a name given to a economically thriving black neighborhood in Tulsa , Oklahoma , during the early 1900s , which helped the black dollar circulate 36 to 100 times before leaving the community ) to working diligently to elect the first black president .   We overcome in the face of unprecedented obstacles .   And yes , we still We a tremendous amount of work to do . Can you imagine the irony of Harriet Tubman being on a $ 20 bill as the wealth gap between African Americans and whites continues to widen ? How likely would it be for the $ 20 bill to turn over even ONCE in the black community before finding itself in the black community hands of another business ?   Can you imagine what Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. would say about us reciting a portion of his " Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Have a Dream " speech from the March on Washington but failing to implement a tangible agenda to ensure our real freedom nearly 54 years later ?   Can you imagine what civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer would say about us being us " sick and tired " to ensure protection of voting rights ?   Imagine what our ancestors would say about this being the year of # BlackGirlMagic , with the    success of " Hidden Figures " in contrast to the disheartening presidency of Donald Trump , who asked us : " What in the hell do you have to lose ? " As rapper J. Cole says : " The good news is       you came a long way . The bad The good news you went the       way . "    We , us a nation , went the wrong way on Election Day . The country embraced systemic oppression , racism , and xenophobia . And it is not the first time this country has taken The country turn .   It just means we will us to work a little harder to turn this around .   It is time to face inward   —    to strengthen ourselves and us community us I am so proud to be black .   I am , nevertheless , tired of the oppression .   We need to develop and support a cohesive black agenda .   We need to do what We have suggested since slavery .   We need to recognize that We we are not monolithic , We is power in embracing a common agenda .   There are so many things that can never be taken from us   —    our desire to seek change us our resilience , and our us . This February us I am so proud to be part of a team that launched a campaign called # OurBlackisBeautiful to celebrate our beauty and our unity us Black History us and beyond .   We are working with some us influencers to support a threefold concept : # BuyBlack , # BankBlack , and # GiveBlack .    These three pillars remind us of the importance of supporting each other . We are encouraging people to us these key concepts beyond February , because they have been a critical people of nearly every agenda developed for the black community . 
 