Washington ( CNN ) The Senate Intelligence Committee heard Thursday from a    expert who described a sophisticated Russian propaganda machine that specifically sought to bolster and influence President Donald Trump . So who is Clint Watts ? Watts , who testified on a panel of experts as part of The Senate Intelligence Committee ’s ongoing investigation into Russian Russian in the US election , has a military and intelligence background , largely in   .   Watts Clint Watts to studying Russian Russian meddling almost by chance , when he Clint Watts a pattern of social media trolls attacking him Clint Watts for a 2014 article he Clint Watts about Syrian President Bashar   . He Clint Watts two social media analyst colleagues began studying the patterns and suspicious    WhiteHouse . gov petitions , leading them He and two social media analyst colleagues study the Russian social media propaganda machine .   Watts has been a fellow on national security and the Middle East at the Foreign Policy Research Institute since 2011 , and is a senior fellow at the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security at The George Washington University . He a senior fellow at the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security at The George Washington University research in November with Andrew Weisburd and JM Berger titled : " Trolling for Trump : How Russia Is Trying to Destroy Our Democracy . " Watts himself became the target of a cyberattack in 2015 after a post he Watts himself about the research , which prompted the FBI to notify his Watts himself , the Foreign Policy Research Institute , about the attack , he Watts himself during his Watts himself . Since then , Watts Watts himself his Watts himself have " watched and tracked the rise of Russia ’s social media influence operations witnessing their Watts and his colleagues of an old Soviet playbook known as Active Measures , " he Watts himself . He Watts himself works as a consultant and does training and research programs for a range of military , intelligence and law enforcement entities , his Watts himself said . Previously , Watts served as an Army infantry officer , an FBI special agent on a joint terrorism task force and was the executive officer of the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point . Watts Watts is a frequent writer and commentator     and often shows off his sense of humor . His his on the website War on the Rocks adds to his his : " His his to the nation has earned him his award of ’Platinum Elite’ from the Marriott Corporation . Follow him his Twitter @selectedwisdom where you will not understand most of his his . " While Watts is not known as a cyber expert , the associate vice president and director of the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security told CNN that his the associate vice president and director of the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security in understanding networks as part of his the associate vice president and director of the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security work makes him the associate vice president and director of the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security qualified to do the research he the associate vice president and director of the Center For Cyber and Homeland Security doing on Russian propaganda .   " A lot of the analytical and methodological kind of thinking have applicability to this , " Frank Cilluffo said . " So yeah , he Frank Cilluffo of came to it accidentally , but that background has a lot of relevance here as well . " Cilluffo Frank Cilluffo noted that Watts often operates outside the mainstream school of thought , allowing him Frank Cilluffo times to " push the envelope . " " He Frank Cilluffo a good researcher , he Frank Cilluffo operational experience , he Frank Cilluffo those up well and is an innovative or disruptive thinker , which I think can rub some people a little abrasively , but by and large he Frank Cilluffo spot on , " Cilluffo Frank Cilluffo .   During the hearing , Watts testified on a variety of fronts that the Russian propaganda effort extended beyond the campaign between Hillary Clinton and Trump . " This past week we observed social media campaigns targeting Speaker of the House Paul Ryan hoping to foment further unrest amongst US democratic institutions , " Watts Watts senators . Watts Watts noted that Russians likely targeted every candidate in the campaign     including one member of the Intelligence Committee , Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio .   " They Russians likely targeted every candidate in the campaign    including one member of the Intelligence Committee, Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio in full swing during both the Republican and Democratic primary season     and may have helped sink the hopes of candidates more hostile to Russian interests long before the field narrowed , " Watts said . " Sen. Rubio , in my opinion , you anecdotally suffered from these efforts . " Watts Watts highlighted research that has been mostly reported in niche circles , including that the Russian Russian strategically push propaganda when they the Russian bots Trump may be watching .   " I can tell you right now today , gray outlets that are Soviet pushing accounts tweet at President Trump high volumes when they know he is Trump and they push they theories , " Watts Watts . " So , if he is Trump click on one of those or cite one of those it just proves Putin correct     that we can use this as a lever against the Americans . " 
 