Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump said Sunday that Russian President Vladimir Putin wo n’t make a military move into Ukraine     even though Russian President Vladimir Putin already has done just that , seizing the country ’s Crimean Peninsula .   " Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s not going into Ukraine , OK , just so you understand . Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s not going to go into Ukraine , all right ? You can mark it down . You can put it down . You can take it anywhere you want , " Trump said in an interview on Sunday with ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos on " This Week . "   " Well , Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s already there , is n’t Russian President Vladimir Putin ? " George Stephanopoulos responded , in a reference to Crimea , which Putin took from Ukraine in early 2014 . Trump said : " OK     well , Trump ’s there in a certain way . But I ’m not there . You have Obama there . And frankly , that whole part of the world is a mess under Obama with all the strength that you ’re talking about and all of the power of NATO and all of this . In the meantime , Trump ’s going away . Trump takes Crimea . " Trump attempted to clarify Trump position on the conflict between Ukraine and Russia in a series of tweets Monday morning , after Trump was criticized for Trump muddled response in the interview . Trump explained that when Trump said Russia would n’t move into Ukraine , Trump was referring to a time when Trump is president .   " When I said in an interview that Putin is ’not going into Ukraine , you can mark Putin is ’not going into Ukraine down,’ I am saying if I am President . Already in Crimea ! , " Trump wrote . And Trump argued that the conflict over Crimea was the fault of the Obama administration , writing : " So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine , the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine have already taken Crimea and continue to push . That ’s what I said ! " Trump also pushed back against the criticism during a campaign event Monday in Columbus , Ohio . " You want to go back ? You want to go back and have World War 3 ? That was on Obama ’s watch , " Trump said of the invasion . Trump also responded to criticism that Trump has been too complimentary of Russian President Vladimir Putin : " Would n’t it be great if we got along with Russia ? " Trump said . During the ABC interview , Trump interjected to note that Trump has suggested Trump could recognize Russia claim on Crimea over Ukraine ’s     and Trump did n’t back away from that possibility in the the ABC interview   " I ’m going to take a look at it , " Trump said . " But you know , the people of Crimea , Crimea what I ’ve heard , would rather be with Russia Russia where they were the people of Crimea, from what I’ve heard And you have to look at that , also . .. just so you understand , that was done under Obama ’s administration . " Trump added : " And as far as the Ukraine is concerned , it ’s the Ukraine mess . And that ’s under the Obama ’s Obama with his strong Obama to NATO . So with all of these strong ties to NATO , NATO is the Ukraine mess . Crimea has been taken . Do n’t blame Trump for that . "   The Clinton campaign responded later Sunday , with senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan saying : " What is he talking about senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan Russia is already in Ukraine . Does the Ukraine not know senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan ? What else does n’t he know ? senior policy adviser Jake Sullivan " Today , ( Trump repeated Putin ’s argument that Russia was justified in seizing Russia sovereign territory of another country by force . This is scary stuff , " Sullivan said in a statement . " But it should n’t surprise us . This comes on the heels of his tacit invitation to the Putin to invade our NATO allies in Eastern Europe . " Stephanopoulos also pressed Trump on Putin to the Republican platform removing calls for the provision of lethal weapons so the people of Ukraine can defend themselves , which Trump said the people of Ukraine had nothing Trump do Trump .   And he asked about Trump ’s Trump in recent Trump he has a personal relationship with Trump .   " I have no relationship with Putin . I have no relationship Putin Putin , " no relationship with Putin " Just Trump you understand , he said very nice things about Trump . But I have no Trump with him . I do n’t     no relationship with Putin him , " said Trump . Putin in a November Trump Republican primary debate , Trump had said of Putin : Trump I got to Putin him very well because we were Trump on ’60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates . " 
 we 