MADISON , Alabama   —    2016 GOP presidential frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump picked up the most significant endorsement any presidential candidate in GOP can get here on Sunday : Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) . [ Sessions , the intellectual leader of the future of the conservative movement , has provided the brainpower behind the populist nationalist revolt against political elites that ’s been emerging since at least 2013 .    OO . ready ( function ( )   ) At a warm and windy rally here with thousands present in a packed football stadium just outside Huntsville , Sessions appeared on stage with Trump to back him Trump president . Sessions’ endorsement provides Trump Trump even more legitimacy as Trump Trump two remaining serious opponents —   Sens . Marco Rubio ( ) and Ted Cruz ( ) —   attempt to undermine him Trump a desperate bid by the donor class to regain control of the party from populists revolting in elections around the country . Sessions backing Trump Trump a significant blow to both Rubio and Cruz , as now the powerful Alabamian will be putting his the powerful Alabamian operation all in behind Trump Trump Sessions’ backing is the latest and    in a string of significant endorsements for Trump Trump campaign . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , after dropping out of the race himself despite New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie significant blows on Rubio in the final debate before New Hampshire ’s primaries , backed Trump this Trump , as did Maine Gov. Paul LePage and former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , as well as Reps . Duncan Hunter ( ) and Chris Collins ( ) . But all those endorsements pale in comparison to Sessions’ backing of Trump , Trump the Alabamian senator is universally respected —   and feared —   inside the beltway in Washington . Sessions is known for his tough views on immigration and trade and has repeatedly aimed to push the Republican Party in a more populist , nationalist direction . Sessions has helped frame the movement ’s views on both issues —   and more , like courts and judicial nominations , law and order and police matters , and on budgetary issues and the fiscal    of America —   while maintaining a formidable political and policy operation that his allies the fiscal   of America —   as invaluable and his enemies the fiscal   of America —   . Sessions is the most highly    endorsement because of his respect    and he ’s    cited by Cruz especially frequently on the campaign trail . He has    with Cruz at Cruz in Alabama , and with Trump in Mobile five hours south of here earlier in the cycle . He has    helped many of the GOP candidates , including Cruz and Cruz , craft their policy the GOP candidates and has been —   alongside his numerous    on Capitol Hill in the House and Senate —   a driving force in framing the populist nationalist future of the Republican Party . " Donald , welcome to my hometown , Mobile , Alabama , " Sessions said back in September when he appeared Donald Trump in Mobile —   while wearing a " Make America Great Again " trucker hat that Trump has Trump —   not an official endorsement then . " The American people , these people , want somebody in the Presidency who stands up for them , The American people, these people their interest The American people, these people and the laws and traditions of this country America welcome you here . Thank you for the work that you ’ve put into the immigration issue . I ’m really impressed with your plan . I know it will make your plan difference . And this crowd shows a lot of people agree with that . Congratulations . Welcome , and God bless . " Sessions’ old communications director Stephen Miller joined Trump ’s campaign earlier in the cycle as a senior policy adviser , and the two populists have been close before . But now it ’s official with Sessions’ public endorsement of Trump . Now Trump’s Sessions has officially backed Trump for president Trump’s his enormous respect Sessions’ old communications director Stephen Miller Republican voters nationwide —   and especially in Super Tuesday states like here in Alabama —   and among Republicans    in Washington is sure to give Trump a     Trump’s heading into Super Tuesday and Super states . If Trump wins big Trump’s Super Tuesday — Super he ’s polling Trump’s of his rivals in Trump’s every Super Tuesday state , except Cruz ’s Texas —   it sets him up for Trump’s significant battle to take down Rubio in Florida . Currently , Trump is polling Trump’s ahead of Rubio in the Rubio senator ’s Florida state —   an embarrassment for the young    senator . A win by Trump over Rubio Trump’s Florida would almost Florida end the Rubio presidential campaign Rubio as the young senator and his campaign have Rubio publicly they will win the young senator and his campaign . 
 Florida 