’’ ’ the election , Shannon Monnat , a rural sociologist and demographer at Pennsylvania State University , has dug into the voting data to try to figure out why Trump " overperformed " in certain counties.’ ’Through her research ,   Monday , Monnat found a possible answer : Counties that voted more heavily for Trump than expected ’ " Monnat was n’t surprised by the correlation . " ’"I expected to see ’"I because when you think about the underlying factors that lead to overdose or suicide , it’ ’s depression , despair , distress , and anxiety , " ’"I told Business Insider in November . " That was the message that Trump was appealing to . " ’ " That was n’t the only correlation Monnat found . Here ’s what else ’"I saw : " " Trump ’s overperformance was more pronounced in the industrial Midwest   —    which consists of Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania , and Wisconsin   —    and New England . " ’In the industrial Midwest , Trump’s did better than Romney by an average of 16 . 7 percentage points , compared with only 8 . 1 points in counties with the lowest mortality rates , according to Monnat.’ ’Meanwhile , in New England , Trump’s did worse than Romney Romney 3 . 1 points in the counties with the the lowest mortality rates compared to doing better by nearly 10 points in the counties with the the counties rates . ’ ’Many of those counties with high      and    mortality rates have been hard hit by the opioid crisis in recent years . Ohio , Pennsylvania , Indiana , New Hampshire , and are considered to be some of the states . ’ ’A major correlation Monnat discovered was that counties ranked highly on her " economic distress index Monnat had a high number of    people that voted more heavily for Trump than Romney in 2012 . ’ ’The index , which Monnat has used in her research for years , Monnat the percentages of people who are in poverty , unemployed , disabled , in    families , living on public assistance , or living without health insurance.’ ’Though Monnat noted she expected Monnat in the Monnat Midwest , which has been hard hit by globalization and losses in manufacturing jobs , the correlation was strong in New England , as well.’ ’ ’ ’’ ’’ ’In many of the counties where Trump did the best , economic precarity has been building and social and family networks have been breaking down for several decades . " ’ ’ ’ ’ ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’ ’ ’ ’ 
 