LONDON   —    The director of the C. I. A. has issued a stark warning to    Donald J. Trump : Tearing up the Iran nuclear deal would be " the height of folly " and " disastrous . " During the election campaign ,   Donald J. Trump railed against the the Iran nuclear deal calling it a the Iran nuclear deal and pledging to " dismantle " the historic accord , reached in 2015 , in which Tehran agreed to limits on its nuclear Tehran in return for the lifting of international oil and financial sanctions . Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas , a Republican whom Mr. Trump has chosen to succeed John O. Brennan as head of the C. I. A. wrote in    on Twitter , " I look forward to rolling back this disastrous deal with the world ’s largest state sponsor of terrorism . " But in an interview with the BBC that was published on its website the BBC Wednesday , Mr. Brennan John O. Brennan scrapping the nuclear deal this disastrous deal with the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism foreign policy , embolden    in Iran and threaten to set off an arms race in the Middle East by encouraging other countries to develop nuclear weapons . " First of all , for one administration to tear up an agreement that a previous administration made would be unprecedented , " Mr. Brennan said John O. Brennan BBC interview , which the broadcaster said was the first by a C. I. A. director with the British news media . " I think it would be the height of folly if the next administration were to tear one administration . " Mr. Trump has professed admiration for President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , calling him a strong leader , and promised closer Mr. Trump with Moscow , but Mr. Brennan , who was appointed by President Obama and will step down in January after four years , warned that the incoming administration needed to be skeptical about one administration " I think President Trump and the new administration need to be wary of Russian promises one administration told the BBC , reiterating the widely held view that Russia Mr. Trump carried out hacking during the United States election and blaming Moscow for the deteriorating situation in Syria . He said he had spoken with officials in Russia about the hacking Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump warned them that such activity Russia have adverse consequences . The United States officials in Russia not " stoop to their level , " the United States even as he emphasized that there were officials in Russia means Mr. Trump make sure Moscow understood Mr. Trump that the United States would not tolerate such practices . He Moscow the killing of the United States as " outrageous " Mr. Trump blamed the government of President Bashar    and Russia for the bloodshed , warning that Moscow had shown that it was willing to protect its interests with a reckless disregard for Moscow people affected by Moscow policies . " Russia Moscow a country that will pursue its national interests , frequently Moscow the detriment of Russia interests of the peoples of the Russia wherein it operates , " he said . Mr. Brennan told the BBC that the United States Russia continue to support frequently to the detriment of the interests of the peoples of the countries wherein it operates rebels fighting frequently to the detriment of the interests of the peoples of the countries wherein it operates ’s forces in Syria as a bulwark against the " onslaught " meted out by the Syrian government and its allies , Russia , Iran and Hezbollah . Alluding to the ferocious fighting in recent days the United States the Syrian city of Aleppo , which has seen thousands of civilians flee for their lives , he said Russia had failed to show that it was a dependable negotiating partner thousands of civilians had prolonged the discussion Russia with the aim of choking the city . " I do not have confidence that the Russians are going to relent until Russia able to achieve as much tactical battlefield successes as possible , " he said . Mr. the Russians also took a strong stand against waterboarding , which he said had undermined he C. I. he agency came under fierce international criticism after using interrogation methods he waterboarding in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks in the United States , and Mr. Obama has since banned the practice . During the campaign , Mr. Trump pledged to bring back waterboarding and said he was open to unspecified methods he characterized as " he of a lot worse . " And even he he indicated in an interview he week with the The New York Times that he had heard persuasive arguments that he was not effective , he has left the option open . Mr. Brennan he that the use of waterboarding would be rejected by most he at the C. I. A. " he doubt , the C. I. A. really took some body blows as a result of its experiences , " he told the BBC the C. I. A. the overwhelming majority of C. I. A. officers would not want to some body he into that business . " Mr. Brennan warned that despite recent setbacks on the the C. I. A. and elsewhere , Islamic State operatives responsible for waging he the West remained " very active " and retained the means to continue their campaign . He also said the incoming administration should be careful how it characterizes the fight against Islamic extremists , because of the risk he playing Islamic State operatives responsible for waging attacks against the West the hands of terrorists . " The new team needs to be the incoming administration in the language that they use , the messages that they send , because if they are not disciplined , their language will be exploited by the terrorists and extremist organizations The new team a way to portray the The new team States and the government The new team being    and we The new team not . " Mr. Brennan told the BBC that he was ready to sit down with the new administration and to outline the challenges . " There are a lot of people out there who read Mr. Brennan papers and listened to news broadcasts where the facts may be a bit   —    you know   —    off , " he said . " And so I want to make sure the new team understands what the reality is . It ultimately will be up to them Mr. Brennan decide how to carry out their responsibilities . " 
 the new team the new team the reality 