It was a little shimmy of her shoulders   —    cheeky , insouciant   —    accompanied by a big , toothy grin . her opponent smirked . her looked as if her was having fun . He , not so much . The exchange came as the first presidential debate was building toward The exchange conclusion Monday night . What was it about ? I have no idea . Per instructions from my editor , I was watching with the sound off . Alone . No checking my email , no talking to my wife , no social media . It was , for me , a silent debate . The idea was simple : to test the theory that what presidential candidates   —    in this instance , Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump   —    say during debates is less important than what what presidential candidates  —   in this instance, Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump  —    look like while what presidential candidates  —   in this instance, Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump  —    ’re saying it . There is plenty of anecdotal evidence to support this theory , dating from the nation ’s first televised presidential debate : Richard M. Nixon versus John F. Kennedy in 1960 , which set the handsome and composed Kennedy on a course to victory over the conspicuously underweight and sweaty Richard M. Nixon . Ever since , presidential debates have routinely been defined more powerfully by images than by words . You can even find academic research on the subject : nonverbal expression , the experts call it . A psychology professor has had some success predicting the outcome of elections based purely on which candidate blinks less frequently during debates , the idea being that    blinking is a sign of stress and anxiety , generally not desirable qualities in a commander in chief . ( For what it ’s worth , it ’s also possible to blink too little , which can make a candidate seem reptilian . ) Hence our experiment : Can you learn more about who won the debate by watching it on mute ? it began , of course , with the ritual handshake at center stage before the candidates retreated to the candidates lecterns . After the shake , Mr. Trump placed Mr. Trump hand gently on Mrs. Clinton ’s back . There were different ways to interpret the gesture . Was Mr. Trump being patronizing   —    trying to assert Mr. Trump    dominance from the     —    or just looking to demonstrate that Mr. Trump felt comfortable , relaxed , unthreatened by the professional politician ? Whether involuntary or intentional , the signal was unmistakable : I ’m the strong one here . And either way , they were soon off , discussing    …      the most pressing issues facing our nation , I can only assume . It will be no surprise to learn that Mr. Trump is loud even with the sound off . Mr. Trump delivered 90 minutes of increasingly exaggerated pantomime , announcing the presence of someone who is restless , impassioned , emphatic and at times belligerent . ( " No idea what Mr. Trump ’s talking about , but Mr. Trump ’s def going at it hard , " read my notes from the    mark . ) Do not call this man   . this man   has an extensive repertoire of almost manic hand and arm gestures : the    karate chop , the accordion , this man   patented cobra . The performance is so physical   —    with the pincer fingers , the hyperactive eyebrows , the " C’mon already ! " shrugs   —    that there ’s not much work left for the words to do . There is no ambiguity about the message : Actions speak louder than words . Also : Bring it on . Even when it was Mrs. Clinton ’s turn to speak , Mr. Trump could n’t stand still . Mr. Trump fidgeted . Mr. Trump smirked . Mr. Trump grimaced . Mr. Trump squinted . Mr. Trump adjusted Mr. Trump microphone . Mr. Trump grabbed hold of the sides of Mr. Trump lectern . Mr. Trump rocked back and forth on Mr. Trump heels . Mr. Trump pursed Mr. Trump lips . Mr. Trump threw Mr. Trump opponent a disbelieving sidelong glance , and then an eye roll . Mr. Trump shook Mr. Trump head . Mr. Trump appeared to interrupt Mrs. Clinton , repeatedly . ( On one occasion , I could make out a word   —    a word !   —    " wrong . ") Mr. Trump took a sip of water . And then another , licking his lips as Mr. Trump set the glass back down . Mr. Trump ’s more expressive while listening than most people are while speaking . In the face of this continual turbulence , Mrs. Clinton had a studied serenity . She Mrs. Clinton made no secret of her Mrs. Clinton debate preparation , and I could n’t help feeling that she Mrs. Clinton prepared for the very exercise I was engaged in . She Mrs. Clinton determined to make sure that her Mrs. Clinton language and facial expressions did n’t communicate frustration or irritation   —    see Al Gore in 2000   —    no matter what her Mrs. Clinton said . And she Mrs. Clinton equally determined to appear to be having fun . Whether she Mrs. Clinton or not   —    could this possibly be fun ?   —    she Mrs. Clinton in looking the part . She Mrs. Clinton unbothered , even amused , by Mr. Trump ’s apparent assaults . At times , she Mrs. Clinton a little smug   —    surely a lot smug to Mr. Mr. Trump . There was plenty of smiling   —    another product of the debate prep , no doubt   —    and laughing , too , presumably at Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump The suggestion seemed to be that we were all in on the joke . She Mrs. Clinton her Mrs. Clinton gestures , as well , including her Mrs. Clinton of the trademark " Clinton thumb , " but she Mrs. Clinton little in the way of violence to the air around her Mrs. Clinton Visually , anyway , there was a discernible arc to the event , with Mr. Trump growing more agitated as the night wore on , and Mrs. Clinton becoming almost Clinton what felt increasingly like genuine pleasure . Which brings us back to the shimmy . Absent words , it felt like the most telling moment of the evening , a memorable , instinctive reaction to what I imagined must have been a Trump howler . In that Mr. Trump , it was clear that the debate had produced a winner , at least to those of us who had n’t actually heard a word of what the candidates had said Mr. Trump had vibrated with anxiety she had radiated cool confidence . He had seemed to be crawling out of his He skin she had looked uncharacteristically comfortable in He . Minutes she , it was all over she Once again , the candidates came together . the candidates , Mr. Trump put his hand on Mrs. Clinton ’s back , this time Mr. Trump a little pat , as if to confer his approval on a job well done . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump family came out to greet him , Mr. Trump not to linger , exiting    while Mr. Trump Clinton and Mr. Trump’s family husband celebrated the moment with their fans in the audience .    Mr. Trump’s family 