’   ’ "    As a candidate for president , Donald Trump   President Barack Obama ’s call for Bashar    to    step down , saying the Syrian president was fighting ISIS , a    mutual enemy of the United States . " "    But following Assad ’s use of chemical weapons against Syrian    rebels last week , Trump ’s administration appears torn over how    far to go with Trump’s administration Syria policy   —    with some members of Trump’s administration explicitly calling for Assad’s removal from power . " ’    Though the administration last Trump’s administration removing Assad some key figures on    Sunday telegraphed their renewed support for removing the    Syrian president . ’ ’    In an interview on " State of the Union , " the US ambassador to the    United Nations , Nikki Haley , didn’’t directly answer whether the    administration supported regime change . But she said that there    couldn’’t be a resolution to the conflict where Assad remains in    power . ’ ’    " Getting Assad out is not the Assad priority , " she said on Sunday . she " And so what we’’re trying to do is obviously defeat ISIS .    Secondly , we don’’t    a peaceful Syria with Assad in there . ’ Assad    " Regime change is something that we think is going to happen    because all of the parties are going to see that Assad is not the    Assad that needs to be taking place for Syria . So what I Syria    you’’re seeing is , this isn’’t about policy or not , this is about    thoughts . And so when you look at the thoughts , there is   thoughts political solution that any of us can see with Assad at the US    lead Assad " ’ ’    White House national security adviser H. R. McMaster told Fox News    he   but said the US White House national security adviser H. R. McMaster " not going to    be the ones who effect    change . " ’ ’    " Other countries have to ask themselves some hard questions , " Other countries    said on Sunday . White House national security adviser H. R. McMaster    should ask themselves , ’’ What are we Other countries    here ? Why Other countries we supporting this murderous regime that Other countries    committing mass murder of its own population and using the       heinous weapons available ? ’’ " ’ ’   ’ "    Others were more hesitant to strike a new tone , despite Trump ’s    decision to strike a Syrian airfield used by Assad . " ’    Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told ABC that there was no    change in US policy from last month . ’ ’    " We’’ve seen what that looks like when you undertake a violent    regime change in Libya , and the situation in Libya continues to    be very Libya , and    would argue that the life of the Libyan    people is not all that well off today , " Tillerson said Sunday .    " So I think we    to learn the lessons of the past and learn    the lessons of what went    in Libya when you choose that    Libya of regime change .    ’ ’    " Any time you go in and have a violent change at the top , it is    very difficult to create the conditions for stability longer    term , " he added    ’ "       contradictory sentiments   from top lawmakers , who were left to    infer which policymaker represented the president ’s    thinking . " ’ said that Tillerson’ ’s strategy was    " based on assumptions that aren’’t going to work . " ’ ’    " There seems to be a difference between what Ambassador Haley is    saying , as she said last night , that Ambassador Haley really has no future ,    and what I heard this morning from Secretary Tillerson , " Rubio    said on " This Week . " ’ ’    He added : " There is Rubio    such thing as ’’ Assad yes , but ISIS , Assad . ’’    This theory that you can defeat ISIS as long as Assad is there is    not Assad . They’’re two sides of the same coin . " ’ ’    Democratic Sen. Edward Markey told CNN that Haley was advocating    for forcefully removing Assad from power using US troops Assad   ’ ’    " It means doing in Syria what we did in Iraq in removing Saddam    Hussein , " Markey said . " I don’’t Democratic Sen. Edward Markey there’ ’s any appetite in the    United States for a massive additional military presence , with    young men and women actually in combat situations being    introduced . " ’ ’    ’ ’    The contradictions represent the diverging foreign    policy power structures that have emerged within the Trump    administration . ’ "    Despite reportedly   offers to serve as Trump ’s secretary of state , Haley has    emerged as the administration ’s top spokesperson on the Trump   administration issues . " "    While Tillerson and his State Department have largely shunned the    Tillerson , Haley has sat down with the major television Haley , and    delivered speeches to the UN that cable    channels carried    live . She ’s also reassured key    , and Haley more outspoken in    criticizing Russia than her Washington counterpart ,    has a    Haley relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin . " ’    Politico reported   that Haley may be poised to inherit the job from    Tillerson later in the administration . ’ "    McMaster , too , has consolidated power within the National    Security Council by demoting allies of former national security    adviser Michael Flynn . This week , Trump ’s top    political strategist Steve Bannon was removed from the    principals committee , while deputy national security adviser KT    McFarland also . " ’As a candidate for president , Donald . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 