Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , spoke in both English and Spanish at the Democratic National Convention on Monday evening , highlighting the successes of Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Mexican immigrant family and letting the crowd know that Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus believes Hillary Clinton is " a badass and ready to lead " America . [ Speaking in Spanish at the conclusion of Hillary Clinton speech , Sanchez said , " Hillary Clinton is badass and ready to lead . Let ’s win in November . " She Hillary Clinton several phrases in Spanish throughout her Hillary Clinton .   " Who we vote for says a lot about our values , " Sanchez Sanchez . She Hillary Clinton that she Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton other siblings are the children of immigrants from Mexico   —    her Hillary Clinton , an industrial mechanic , and her Hillary Clinton an elementary school teacher . Together , they she and her six other siblings are the children of immigrants from Mexico  —   her father, an industrial mechanic, and her mother an elementary school teacher seven children through college . " Donald Trump believes that Mexican immigrants are murderers and rapists , " Sanchez said . ( Trump Donald Trump statement was : " When Mexico Mexico its Mexico , they ’re its people sending their best its people …      They ’re its people people that have lots of problems , and they ’re its people those problems problems . They ’re its people drugs . They ’re its people crime . They ’re its people . And some , I assume , are good people . ") Sanchez continued , " But what about my parents Donald ? Let me tell you what my parents are my parents Donald are the only my parents Donald in our nation ’s    history to send   —    not one   —    but TWO daughters to the United States Congress . " Her sister , Rep. Loretta Sanchez ( )   —    a candidate for outgoing Sen. Barbara Boxer ’s seat   —    joined her on stage . Her President Barack Obama has endorsed her rival , California President Barack Obama General Kamala Harris . Vice President Joe Biden has done the same . ) " Too many of our children are watching and learning the wrong lessons from Donald Trump , " Sanchez told the crowd , adding : " We know our children are n’t We hate or racism in their hearts . They learn our children from watching our children world around them and following the example our children the adults in their life . Too many our children our children are watching and our children wrong lessons from Donald Trump . " In conclusion , Sanchez echoed the same statements made by several political figures before her , attempting to discredit Trump Sanchez " Make America Great Donald Trump " campaign slogan . " And Donald , let me just say this : America is great , " Sanchez America with conviction . " Sanchez is the country that gave my family the opportunity for a better life , just like all immigrants who came before them . It is because of my family diversity that we are the envy of the our . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 