Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is " horrified " by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s " rhetoric " and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton " demagoguery . "   Partial transcript as follows : TODD : Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton , is that an ad   —    have you moved on ? Are we going to view this ad as the fist one of the general election ? It this ad pretty clear you ’re targeting Donald Trump . CLINTON Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Well , certainly I have n’t moved on . I know that I still have work to do to win the nomination . And I ’m going to keep reaching out to every voter everywhere in these remaining contests . But I also think it ’s important to draw some pretty clear lines between what I think most Americans and certainly what I know most New Yorkers believe about who we are as a people , what the values of our country are against some of what we we hearing from the other side . And , you know , it ’s both Donald Trump as we we well aware , but also Ted Cruz . I know he Donald Trump a critical comment about New York values some months back . So I want to really hold up the importance of New New York what we stand for . And , you know , we are we state that represents the diversity of America , the role that immigrants have played over the centuries in building our nation . And the Statue of Liberty stands in the harbor . So I wanted to start out with a very clear message about our values and why I think it ’s important we stand our for them . TODD : And in that ad though , you do include footage , that awful footage , of a Trump supporter cold knocking essentially a protester at his rally . Why amplify that image ? CLINTON : Because I was horrified by it , Chuck . And I think most Americans were horrified by it . it you , as I ’ve said before about Donald Trump Trump his rhetoric , his Trump when you Trump violence you are acting like a political arsonist . I want people to understand there ’s a very different way of working toward our common ground that we have to seek our find in order to move our country forward . We may have differences our of course we do . But our do n’t condone our . We do n’t say our ’ll pay the our fees of people who punch other Americans who are protesting , attending an event , that is just not appropriate behavior when you ’re running for president . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 