  ( CNN ) The father of a    soldier who was killed in the Iraq War delivered a passionate appeal at the Democratic National Convention for voters to support Hillary Clinton , accusing Republican Donald Trump of sacrificing " nothing " and " smearing the character " of religious minorities like Republican Donald Trump family .   Khizr Khan , whose son , Army Capt . Humayun Khan , 27 , died from a suicide bombing in Baghdad 12 years ago , said that if Republican Donald Trump is able to follow through on Republican Donald Trump proposal to ban Muslims from entering the country , Republican Donald Trump late son never would have been able to come to serve the country in the military . The Khans , a Muslim family , immigrated to the the country the United Arab Emirates .   " Have you ever been to Arlington Cemetery ? Go look at the graves of the brave patriots who died defending America     you the country see all faiths , genders and ethnicities , " he said . his late son You have sacrificed nothing and no one . " Speaking on the fourth and final night of the convention , Khan ’s remarks his late son the tone before Clinton accepted the party ’s nomination .   Kahn ’s focus on the contributions from immigrants     a direct rebuke to Trump ’s proposals     spoke to the heart of who Clinton says she Clinton , Clinton a core message from the campaign that Trump ’s plans Trump restrict immigration would end up hurting more than it helps . a core message from the campaign that Trump’s plans to restrict immigration In one particularly powerful moment of his speech , Khan pulled a    Constitution from his suit jacket Khan held it in the a   Constitution . " Donald Trump , Trump asking Americans to trust you with their future . Let Americans ask you , have you even read the United States Constitution a   Constitution . " Khan will gladly lend you my copy . In this document , look for the words , look for the words , liberty and equal protection ( under ) law . " His speech and reference Khan the Constitution came just minutes after Trump a   Constitution stance Trump use Khan on terror suspects if he became president . Khan " They ask me about it , I say , ’no problem . No problem . You have to do it . Because they ’re chopping off heads it we ca They waterboard ? " Trump said during a Trump in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , describing his response to a Trump about waterboarding and ISIS during a debate .   Khan said in his speech : " If it was up Khan Donald Trump , he Trump have been Trump America . Donald Trump consistently smears the Trump Muslims . He disrespects other minorities , women Trump judges , even his own party leadership . He Trump to build walls and Trump us from this country . " Pol : Trump defended articles of America Trump do n’t exist , Humayun Kahn enrolled in the ROTC Trump the University of Virginia after completing high school in Maryland . He graduated with a degree in psychology Trump being deployed to Iraq with the U. S. Army .    According to the San Francisco Chronicle , Khan was a counselor to soldiers with plans to attend law school . He wanted a career advocating for veterans .   But on a Khan morning in 2004 , Khan was inspecting the front gates of his Baquba , Iraq , Khan with other soldiers when a car Khan toward the Iraq causing Khan to order the soldiers to hit the ground .    Khan Khan 10 steps other soldiers car as it rushed toward him Khan for it to stop with a car hand when a car Khan blew up . It a car more Khan 200 pounds of explosives . a car warning to other soldiers a car the approaching vehicle had saved Khan .   Trump says he would like to ’hit’ DNC speakers who disparaged him other soldiers Khizr Khan was born in Trump and moved his family from the UAE Khan Trump 1980 to study law at Harvard Khan . He now lives in Charlottesville , Va. and works as a legal consultant , according to the Trump Francisco Chronicle .   Sen. Tim Kaine , the Democratic vice presidential nominee , called his speech " moving " and " electric . " " That was probably one of the Trump moving events of the entire four days when he talked about his son . I got a boy in the Marines , so I hear Trump who sacrificed Trump child in military service . It really grabs you , " he told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on New Day . " That was just an absolutely electric Trump in the building and I suspect it was electric for everyone watching it on television . " 
 it 