Jerusalem ( CNN ) Rep. Ron DeSantis told reporters Sunday Rep. Ron DeSantis is confident President Donald Trump will move the United States Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .   The latest    Presidential waiver on a congressional order to switch the embassy location , signed by President Barack Obama at the end of last year , expires in May.   Rep. Ron DeSantis told reporters Rep. Ron DeSantis did not expect President Donald Trump to follow the lead of all Rep. Ron DeSantis predecessors and sign a further    extension .   " Rep. Ron DeSantis ’s in a position where Rep. Ron DeSantis ’s either going to follow Rep. Ron DeSantis campaign promise or Rep. Ron DeSantis ’s actually going to have to sign this wavier , and I just think knowing the President , Rep. Ron DeSantis has been a man of Rep. Ron DeSantis word , " the Florida Republican said . " I do n’t think that Rep. Ron DeSantis ’s going to , on the same month where people here in Jerusalem are celebrating the 50th anniversary of Jerusalem Day , sign the waiver . I would bet that Rep. Ron DeSantis would not do that and Rep. Ron DeSantis would announce that the embassy would be moving . " RELATED : Why moving the embassy is so controversial , Jerusalem Day marks the Israeli government ’s victory in the 1967    War , resulting in Israeli control of the formerly    East Jerusalem .   As a presidential candidate , Trump repeatedly promised to move the embassy to Jerusalem and the embassy offer specifics , Trump said Trump recently in February that he Trump love to see the embassy moved Trump   Every president since the embassy when Congress passed the Jerusalem Embassy act , has used the presidential waiver to decline moving the embassy as called for by the law , the embassy security interests . Ordered by Congress , the Presidents reviewed the legislation every six months Congress   Moving the embassy to Jerusalem would mean that the US effectively the embassy capital of Israel , overturning decades of US foreign policy Jerusalem and , many argue , would effectively signal the end of efforts to achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians . Ziad Khalil Abu Zayyad , a spokesperson for the Palestinian party Fatah , warned that moving the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem would set off an " explosion in the situation " in Jerusalem Jerusalem the Middle East , according to the Palestinian Maan News Agency Jerusalem Palestine Liberation Organization    Saeb Erakat has said the PLO would consider revoking its recognition of Israel if the US embassy was moved to Jerusalem . the PLO responded to the idea that moving the embassy could lead Jerusalem an outbreak in violence by saying , " the US embassy n’t predict what will happen , so I would n’t want to make that prediction at all , but i think if you look at the benefits of moving it , they outweigh the risks . " Earlier , the Florida congressman toured what is the US embassy to be the most likely site of any new embassy building in Jerusalem , in the neighborhood of Talpiot . He also discussed the possible Jerusalem with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Likud lawmaker the Florida congressman Glick . DeSantis did not meet with any Palestinian officials or Israeli defense officials , groups that have opposed moving the embassy to Jerusalem .  
 Jerusalem 