’   ’ "    Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid has joined the onslaught of    criticism from Democrats against James Comey , on Sunday accusing    the FBI director of playing partisan politics and saying the FBI director of playing partisan politics may    have violated federal law by revealing that the FBI director of playing partisan politics office was    continuing the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a    private email server . " ’    " Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing    double standard for the treatment of sensitive information , with    what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over    another , " Reid wrote to Comey   published on the senator’ ’s website . ’ ’    Comey   that    the FBI would renew the Clinton email investigation after finding    potential new evidence in an unrelated investigation of former    congressman Anthony Weiner . ’ ’    Top Clinton campaign staffers have accused Comey of breaking with    department guidelines for informing the public about ongoing    investigations , describing Comey actions as an attempt to influence    the results of the presidential election . ’ ’    But Reid’ ’s comments may be the fiercest condemnation yet of    Comey . The outgoing Senate minority leader said Comey’ ’s actions    may have violated the   a federal    law that ensures " that federal programs are administered in a    nonpartisan fashion . " ’ "    Reid argued that Comey had demonstrated a double standard , making    an explosive claim that the FBI director was withholding    information about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s    possible ties to Russia . " ’    " In my communications with you and other top officials in the    national security community , it has become clear that you possess    explosive information about close ties and coordination between    Donald Trump , his top advisors , and the Russian government   —    a    foreign interest openly hostile to the United States , which Trump    praises at every opportunity , " Reid said . ’ ’    Reid continued : ’ " Reid Reid the frustrations of several of Clinton ’s surrogates ,    who have insisted that the newly discovered emails that attracted    the FBI ’s interest may be duplicates of ones already reviewed by       FBI . " ’   ’ ’    " The clear       by your actions strongly       that your highly selective approach to publicizing    information , along with your timing , was intended for the success    or failure of a partisan candidate or political group , " Reid    said . ’ ’    Comey was a registered Republican for most of his Comey , though he Comey said in July that he Comey   with any party . ’ ’    Reid , who is not seeking reelection in November , ended his letter    to Comey bluntly . ’ ’    " Please keep in mind that I have been a supporter of yours in the    past , " he his . " When Republicans filibustered your nomination    and delayed your confirmation longer than any previous nominee to       position , I led the fight to get you confirmed because I       you to be a principled public servant . ’ ’    " With the deepest regret , I now see that I was wrong . " ’ ’ ’ 
 