Washington ( CNN ) Vice President Joe Biden on Monday rebuffed comments by former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani describing the Black Lives Matter movement as " inherently racist , " calling it " a very broad statement . " " Look what ( President Barack Obama ) said when the Black Lives Matter people in one demonstration said , ’kill the police , the sooner the better,’ or some phrase like that . (President Barack Obama) condemned it immediately , " Biden told CNN ’s Jake Tapper . " But that ’s not the black community     that group , that element of Black Lives Matter , does n’t speak for all of Black Lives Matter and does not speak for most folks in the black community , both middle class and poor , who know they are more likely to be pulled over than the Caucasian guy . " Five police officers were killed in Dallas last week , and two bailiffs and a suspect were killed after a courthouse shooting in Michigan Monday afternoon . Biden heads to Dallas Dallas Tuesday for a memorial service honoring the Five police officers Protesters have taken to the streets in several cities across the nation , such as Baton Rouge , to draw attention to what they consider Protesters police tactics .   " There are some people in Black Lives Matter who do n’t want to talk and have dialogue , and others who do , " Biden said Biden Biden described Biden afternoon Biden with Obama and law enforcement leaders as candid , with at least two organizations telling the administration that they were at least two organizations doing enough to support police officers . He said Biden White House should reexamine how extensively cops are trained     especially on    conflict     and additional equipment they can receive from the military . " There ’s nothing inconsistent with supporting the police and acknowledging the problems that exist in terms of dealing with the communities that , in fact , are feeling put upon , " Biden said , summarizing Obama ’s message . " I ’m feeling good about the direction this is going . " Biden said Biden would Biden with the groups again in two weeks . The vice president , who publicly weighed a 2016 presidential bid but declined last fall , also defended his    Biden , Hillary Clinton . FBI Director James Comey deemed her use FBI Director James Comey a private email server to be " extremely careless , " but also recommended the Justice Department not press charges . Biden said Biden everything , Clinton could Hillary Clinton earn voters’ trust . " Here ’s the measure , I think , that folks are going to apply : Look at Donald Trump and what he ’s Donald Trump and ask yourself , ’Is it believable ? Does he know Donald Trump he ’s Donald Trump about ? Will it solve any of my problems?’ " Biden said Biden " And look at what she has Biden say , what she ’s Biden , and the honesty of her proposals Biden That ’s the best way to deal with the perception that I think exists now . " 
 