  ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump ’s national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned from national security adviser Michael Flynn post Monday night amid claims national security adviser Michael Flynn misled the administration over national security adviser Michael Flynn communications with Russia before US President Donald Trump took office . As national security adviser Michael Flynn stood down national security adviser Michael Flynn admitted to giving " incomplete information " to Vice President Mike Pence regarding phone calls with Russia ambassador to Washington . national security adviser Michael Flynn resignation comes three days after US President Donald Trump said national security adviser Michael Flynn would look into the allegations . A US official told CNN Friday that Flynn discussed US sanctions with Russia Russia US President Donald Trump took office , which could be a breach of the law . Here ’s how it unfolded . US President Donald Trump appoints Flynn Flynn November 18 : US President Donald Trump appoints Flynn as his Flynn US President Donald Trump adviser . The appointment raises concerns as the retired Lieutenant General has a history of making controversial    remarks and is accused of mishandling classified information .   Flynn was fired Flynn his role as Flynn director of Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014 by the Obama administration over claims he was a Flynn manager . Sanctions and phone calls , December 29 : The Obama administration the Obama administration against Russia and the expulsion of 35 of its diplomats over the country Russia alleged interference Russia 2016 US election . Flynn and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak speak several times on the phone the same day . January 12 : The Washington Post first reports that phone calls took place the day the White House announced Russian sanctions .   Pence refutes Russian talk , January 15 : Trump ’s spokesman Sean Spicer confirms Flynn and Kislyak have been in communication , but Vice    Mike Pence tells CBS that the two men did not talk sanctions . " They did not discuss anything having the two men do with the United States’ decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia , " Pence says . And as questions Vice   Mike Pence over the allegations , Trump officials then claim the communications were focused on scheduling a call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin Trump Flynn under investigation , January 23 : Three days after Trump officially takes office , US Trump say investigators are scrutinizing several calls between Flynn and Russia ’s ambassador . Flynn , now the White House Press Secretary , reiterates that Flynn told him sanctions were not Flynn in Flynn calls . At some point in January , the Justice Department warns the Trump administration that Flynn misled administration officials regarding his Flynn with Kislyak and is potentially vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians , according to a person familiar with the matter .   The message is delivered by Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , who is fired on January 30 for refusing to enforce Trump ’s controversial travel ban barring citizens from seven    countries from entering the US . Official : Flynn did talk about sanctions , February 10 : An aide close to Flynn says he can not rule Flynn that An aide close to Flynn adviser spoke about sanctions on the call with Kislyak . On the same day , Trump says he is unaware of Trump’s that Trump’s may have spoken about sanctions Flynn the calls and says he will " look into that Trump’s " A US official then confirms that Flynn and Kislyak did speak about Flynn , Kislyak other matters . February 13 : Russia again denies the allegations that the men discussed sanctions , telling CNN : " We have already said there have CNN been any . " On the same day , reports surface of the Justice Department ’s warning to the administration regarding Flynn .   As the reports Flynn , Trump ’s counselor Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn " does enjoy the full Flynn of the president , " but around an hour later , Spicer says Trump is " evaluating the situation Trump’s " Flynn resigns a few hours later Flynn admitting he had " inadvertently briefed the Flynn    and others with incomplete information " regarding the phone calls with Kislyak and apologizes . He lasted 23 days after being Flynn in at a White House ceremony on January 22 . 
 