Toledo , Ohio ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton laced into Donald Trump on Monday for living a billionaire ’s lifestyle while " contributing nothing to our nation , " in Hillary Clinton first public remarks about a New York Times report that revealed Donald Trump might have avoided paying federal income taxes for close to two decades . Speaking at a campaign rally in Toledo , Ohio , the Democratic presidential nominee attacked her Republican opponent as representing " the same rigged system that the Democratic presidential nominee claims the Democratic presidential nominee ’s going to change . " " While millions of American families , including mine and yours , were working hard and paying our fair share , it seems the Democratic presidential nominee was contributing nothing to America . Imagine that , " Clinton said . " In other words , Trump was taking from America with both hands and leaving the rest of our with the bill . " The Times story , Clinton Clinton , " tells our everything our need to know about how Trump Trump business . " " After he Trump all those bad bets and lost all that money , he Trump n’t lift a finger to protect his Trump , or all the small businesses or the contractors he Trump hired , or the people of Atlantic City , " she Clinton . " They all got hammered while he Trump busy with his Trump trying to figure out how he Trump keep living like a billionaire . " Donald Trump ’s weekend meltdown , Clinton also mocked Trump Donald Trump his Clinton losses during the 1990s , saying they They all Trump Donald Trump that he is Clinton successful businessman who can help revive the US economy .   " Here is my question : What kind of genius loses a billion dollars in a single year ? " Clinton said Clinton   The New York Times story , which published online Saturday evening , has the potential to be deeply damaging for Trump in Donald Trump final weeks of the presidential election .   Through an examination of portions of Trump ’s Donald Trump tax records , the New York Times determined that Trump declared Donald Trump 916 million in losses in his 1995 Donald Trump tax returns     " a deduction that could have allowed him to Donald Trump avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years , " the article stated .   The Times the New York Times the New York Times at Trump ’s Donald Trump . It obtained one page the New York Times his New York Donald Trump resident income tax returns as well as the first page of New Jersey and Connecticut nonresident returns . CNN has not independently verified the documents , but the Trump campaign has Donald Trump questioned their accuracy . The the Trump campaign offers powerful ammunition to Clinton as the 2016 campaign enters the Trump campaign .   The the Trump campaign secretary of state has already been highly critical of Trump and his Donald Trump returns during the general The former secretary of state . She has gone after the real The former secretary of state investor for defying the tradition that modern presidential nominees have followed by refusing to release his tax returns ( Trump insists it Donald Trump because his recent returns are under IRS his , though that does not preclude him from making them public ) his   During the first debate last week , Clinton suggested that Trump was hiding Donald Trump     including , potentially , that " he ’s paid nothing in federal Clinton . "    Clinton takes the lead , In Clinton on Monday , Clinton once again suggested that Trump Clinton be Donald Trump up something . " You may have heard that he has long refused to release Clinton tax returns the way every Clinton nominee for president has done for decades , " she said . " What is Clinton hiding ? It must be Clinton terrible . " Clinton ’s top surrogates are also Clinton in the action .   Vice President Joe Biden , campaigning for Clinton in Orlando and Florida on Clinton , said : " ( He ) says , ’I did Clinton pay any federal taxes possibly for more than 18 years.’ He said , ’that makes me Clinton What does that make the rest of Americans ? " Trump went on offense Monday in his first rally since Monday New Trump Times story published . Speaking in Pueblo , Colorado , Trump said he has " brilliantly Trump " Trump laws to his benefit and downplayed his alleged Trump losses from the Trump . " The news media is now obsessed with an alleged tax violation from the 1990s , at the end the 1990s of the most brutal economic downturns in our country ’s history , " Trump said .   Monday marked Trump first time Clinton has campaigned in Ohio since Labor Day . Recent polls have shown Trump with a small advantage in Trump heavily white and    state Trump   But the Clinton campaign and its allies insist that Clinton state Trump still within reach , and that Ohio is a    for the Republican Ohio . As a part of the strategy to appeal to    workers in this region , Clinton on Monday went after what she Clinton " egregious corporate behavior " Clinton undermines the   .   One of her prime targets was Wells Fargo and Clinton recent revelation that the bank created a slew of accounts without customers’ consent to collect fees .   " Look at Wells Fargo     really shocking , is Wells Fargo ? " Clinton said . " One of the nation ’s biggest banks , bullying thousands of employees into committing fraud against unsuspecting customers , secretly opening up millions of accounts for people without their consent , even their knowledge , misusing people personal information and people customers with hidden people . " 
 