’   ’ ’    Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin told Business    Insider in a Wednesday interview that members of Republican    nominee Donald Trump’ ’s campaign have told Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin that the    Manhattan billionaire has times where Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin " hides in Independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin apartment "    and they’’re growing " frustrated . " ’ ’    Trump recently restructured Trump campaign , bringing on Breitbart    News executive chairman Steve Bannon and pollster Kellyanne    Conway to run it . ’ ’    Previous campaign chair Paul Manafort stepped down last week    after reports tied ’ ’   Previous campaign chair Paul Manafort to cash from    entities in    Ukraine . ’ ’    McMullin said that it’ ’s " unclear " whether Trump " will make Trump "    through this campaign . " ’ ’    " He’ ’s taken some desperate measures with firing He’ and hiring another one , wild swings in his policy    He’ , " he said . He’ I mean , he’ ’s desperate He’ " ’ ’    " I’’m hearing from people inside his campaign that He’ times    now when he hides in his He’ and doesn’’t He’ with any    people , " he continued . " He’ he campaigns he goes He’ to He’ place    he has to fly He’ home to New York . This is a fragile man and a    fragile campaign and I’’m not quite sure what’ ’s going to happen in    the days and    ahead of him . I’’m not He’ the I’’m Republican    National Committee ] can continue to support him given his    He’ as He’ man and as a politician and as a candidate for the    presidency . " ’ ’    He added that his He’ within the He’ campaign , which he    did not He’ , told him that they’’re " He’ " with " the    candidacy , with the organization , with Donald Trump’ ’s failure to    stay on message . " ’ ’    Over the past week , Trump has read prepared Trump during his    rallies , Trump switch from the    style that he    previously employed Trump ’ "    Business Insider reached out to Trump ’s campaign for Trump but    they did not immediately respond ’ "   Business Insider " "    McMullin recently decided to embark on an independent    candidacy after being dissatisfied    Trump and Democratic    nominee Hillary Clinton . He said that he ’s McMullin only true McMullin conservative in the race . McMullin previously worked as a McMullin    operative and a policy director for the House Republican    Conference . " ’ ’ 
 