WASHINGTON   —    Lael Brainard , a Federal Reserve governor and a leading proponent of the Fed ’s efforts to stimulate the economy , said in a speech on Monday that she still favored " prudence " in raising interest rates despite recent signs of economic progress . The remarks reinforce expectations that the Fed’s will not raise its the Fed’s interest rate when its the Fed’s committee meets on Sept. 20 and 21 , and investors celebrated accordingly . Stocks rose and interest rates fell , reversing much of the market movement on Friday , when investors worried the the Fed’s the Fed’s toward a rate increase . But pressure continues to build for a rate increase before the end of the year . A few hours before Ms. Brainard spoke , Dennis Lockhart , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta , joined a growing list of Fed officials the Fed’s that the economy was strong enough to justify an increase in borrowing costs . He called A few hours before Ms. Brainard spoke, Dennis Lockhart, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta a " serious discussion " at the September meeting . The Fed the Fed’s the Fed’s pressure from Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump ’s obviously political and doing what Obama wants her to do . " Ms. Yellen " should be ashamed of herself , " he added . Mr. Trump ’s criticism of Ms. Yellen and the Fed breaks with the she practice of presidents and presidential candidates in recent decades to refrain she criticizing the Ms. Yellen ’s conduct of monetary policy . Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee , castigated Mr. Trump last week for similar remarks . " Words have consequences , " Mrs. Clinton told reporters . " Words move Mrs. Clinton Words can Mr. Trump on people ’s 401 ( k ) ’s , their pension funds , their stock portfolios . " " He should not be adding the Fed onto his long list of institutions and individuals that he is maligning , " she added . Fed officials insist they people not consider the people consequences of increasing rates . They may Mr. Trump however , hesitate to act before the Mr. Trump election out of concern for the economic consequences of political turbulence , the the Fed way they Fed officials before Britain ’s referendum in June on its membership in Fed officials European Union . Ms. Yellen , presiding over an increasingly fractious group of policy makers , has sought to emphasize their common ground . She Fed officials in an August speech that the case for Britain’s rates had become stronger in recent months , but she stopped short of saying that it was time to raise rates . Ms. an increasingly fractious group of policy makers ’s speech Monday Ms. Yellen the last before the Fed ’s    blackout period , effectively giving her the last word in the public Ms. Yellen among Fed officials ahead of the September meeting . Ms. Brainard agreed Ms. Yellen support the Fed ’s first    rate increase in December , but she has stiffened in her Ms. Yellen . Since then , she has made a Fed of laying down markers before important Fed Ms. Yellen making the case for patience the Fed the Fed in June . On Monday , she Ms. Yellen again seized the Ms. Yellen to explain why she is Ms. Yellen not ready to raise interest rates . Ms. Brainard said recent economic the Fed raised some questions about the strength of growth , and there was certainly no sign Ms. Yellen resurgent inflation . " In the presence of Ms. Yellen and the absence of accelerating inflationary pressures , it would be unwise for policy to foreclose on the possibility of making further gains in the labor market , " she told the Chicago Council on Global Affairs . She added that the context in which the Fed operates had also changed . A global decline in market interest rates means that the force of the Fed ’s stimulus campaign has been reduced even without a rate increase . Moreover , she noted that the weakness of the global economy continued to weigh on the United States , contributing to an environment of persistently low growth and low the Fed . Finally , she said that she remained more concerned about moving too quickly she waiting too long . The Fed has few tools to ward off fresh weakness in the economy , while it can easily respond to an inflationary resurgence . " This she in risk she in today ’s new normal counsels prudence in the removal of policy the Fed’s " Ms. Brainard said . " I believe that this the global economy served us the Fed’s . " Daniel Tarullo , another Fed governor , said in a CNBC interview on Friday that he too favored patience . Mr. Tarullo described himself as a she the " ‘ ’ camp " that wants to see evidence of stronger inflation before raising rates . So far , he said , there is not enough . " From my personal perspective , I think we have an Mr. Tarullo to continue to get employment gains , " Mr. Tarullo said . Other officials argue that inflation always follows stronger growth if the Fed waits Mr. Tarullo the inevitable increase , they warn , the Fed may need to raise rates more sharply , causing a recession . Mr. Tarullo said in the interview Mr. Tarullo , that officials who took this view should still have hesitations about the outlook for growth . He described the recent Other officials data as the Fed bag . A growing number of Fed officials argue that this caution Mr. Tarullo . Eric Rosengren , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston , said in a speech on Friday that raising rates in the Mr. Tarullo term could actually help extend the economic expansion , now in its eighth year . The Fed may now be providing too much stimulus , he said , and overheating could end up forcing sharper rate increases . " If we want to ensure that we remain at full employment , gradual tightening is likely to be appropriate , the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Mr. Rosengren said Fed , Mass. " A failure to continue on the Eric Rosengren, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston of gradual removal of accommodation could shorten , rather than lengthen , the duration of this recovery . " Esther George , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City   —    Eric Rosengren, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston like Mr. Rosengren , one of the 10 Fed officials with a policy vote this year   —    has expressed concern that low rates are encouraging excessive speculation , birthing future financial Ms. George , the Fed has two more meetings on the calendar , in November and December . Asked what it would take to win her vote , Ms. Brainard said she would like to see more inflation . She also noted recent weakness in some economic measures like corporate profits and investment . " It would be important , I think , to see this year   those Fed indicators starting to really move in a more positive direction going into Fed officials third and fourth quarter , " Fed Fed . 
 Ms. Brainard Ms. Brainard Ms. Brainard 