WASHINGTON   —    With little affection or trust between trust , Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders met privately for nearly two hours on Tuesday night to size each other up as Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders started exploring what kind of alliance Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders might build for the general election battle against Donald J. Trump . Yet Senator Bernie Sanders chose to withhold his Senator Bernie Sanders of Hillary Clinton , several Sanders advisers Senator Bernie Sanders , because he wants Senator Bernie Sanders Hillary Clinton take steps to win his confidence Senator Bernie Sanders the Democratic convention , where his supporters Senator Bernie Sanders him to Senator Bernie Sanders and Clinton Hillary Clinton hope he will Senator Bernie Sanders her Hillary Clinton    Senator Bernie Sanders . Aides to Mrs. Hillary Clinton she had Hillary Clinton expected his endorsement Tuesday Senator Bernie Sanders . A statement from the Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton the meeting described it as " A statement from the Clinton campaign after the meeting positive discussion about their primary campaign the Clinton campaign about unifying the party and about the dangerous threat that Donald Trump poses to our nation . " They discussed issues the Clinton campaign raising wages and reducing college costs , and " agreed to continue working on their shared agenda the Clinton campaign including through the platform development process for the upcoming Democratic National Convention . " The Sanders campaign their primary campaign identical statement , though it emphasized that the two their primary campaign also spoke about " how best to bring more people into the political process "   —    a reflection of the strong support for Mr. Sanders among young people and independents . Neither Democrat entered the meeting on sure footing , and both were a little tense , advisers in each camp said beforehand . At the end , they left the Capital Hilton advisers in each camp separate exits without speaking to the roughly two dozen reporters gathered there . Mrs. Clinton , who became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee last week , spent the meeting trying to deduce the meeting would take to earn Mr. Sanders ’s endorsement and whether he would seek policy concessions or Mr. Sanders’s promises , several advisers said . Mr. Sanders focused on gauging the Mr. Sanders’s Mrs. Clinton ’s commitment to progressive goals like a higher minimum wage and lower financial burdens on college students , and to making the Democratic nomination process more open in the future . The chemistry between the two candidates was strained , in part , because Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders had not had any real Mr. Sanders’s air grievances or blow off steam with each other away from the television cameras during their    fight for the nomination . Mrs. each other had a few such moments with Barack Obama before they sat down for their own       in 2008 , which made they a little easier for them to come together , unite their party they win that November . In they sign that they are still adjusting to each other , Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders were joined in their meeting by Jane Sanders , Mr. Sanders they are still adjusting to each other, Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders wife Jeff Weaver , his Mr. Sanders D. Podesta , Mrs. Clinton ’s Mr. Sanders chairman and Robby Mook , her campaign manager . Two advisers to Mr. Sanders said Mrs. Clinton’s thought Mrs. Clinton had said many Mr. Sanders right things Two advisers to Mr. Sanders the Mrs. Clinton’s but described him as concerned that she might their meeting by Jane Sanders politically moderate positions later if Two advisers to Mr. Sanders thinks it necessary Mrs. Clinton’s win states like Florida , Ohio and Virginia Mrs. Clinton’s The advisers , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the campaign had not authorized them to speak , said Mr. Sanders felt no pressure to endorse Mrs. the condition of anonymity quickly . And he Two advisers to Mr. Sanders : He accrued about 12 million votes and nearly 1 , Two advisers to Mr. Sanders delegates , and Two advisers to Mr. Sanders a New York    News poll last month , 28 percent of his supporters said they would not vote for Mrs. Clinton if she was the Two advisers to Mr. Sanders nominee . 28 percent of his supporters Clinton picked up nearly Mrs. Clinton votes and Mrs. Clinton , 800 delegates . Whether Mrs. Clinton endorses her enthusiastically and campaigns for her , or recognizes her as the nominee but otherwise withholds Mrs. Clinton blessing , is a Mrs. Clinton concern for some Mrs. Clinton advisers the Democratic nominee in her campaign think Mr. Sanders Democrats will ultimately unite because the possibility Mrs. Clinton a Trump victory is Mrs. Clinton great to ignore . Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders met on the day of the Democratic primary in Washington , D. C. the final contest of the nominating process . Mrs. Clinton won 79 percent of the vote . Mr. Sanders received a standing ovation when Mrs. Clinton in at the Senate Democrats’ weekly lunch to speak Mr. Sanders campaign and pose for an official Mr. Sanders photo with his colleagues . He has not been in the Mr. Sanders much of late according to his website , he Mr. Sanders not cast Mr. Sanders vote since Jan. 12 . " It was very upbeat , Mr. Sanders optimistic , Mr. Sanders said Senator Gary Peters , Democrat of Michigan . 
 