   Donald Trump will nominate South Carolina governor Nikki Haley as   Donald Trump administration ’s ambassador to the United Nations , according to the Charleston Post   Courier and several other sources . [ Haley , currently serving South Carolina governor Nikki Haley second term as governor , would hold the job once done by Susan Rice in the Obama administration and now held by Samantha Power .    Haley , the first woman governor of South Carolina , is a rising political star in the Republican establishment and was a Trump critic during the presidential campaign . Haley, the first woman governor of South Carolina met with Trump last week , despite their differences expressed during the presidential campaign . Haley, the first woman governor of South Carolina prominently criticized Trump Trump her Haley, the first woman governor of South Carolina to Obama ’s State of the Union address in January . " During anxious times , it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices , " Haley said . " We must resist that temptation . " Campaigning for Sen. Marco Rubio ’s presidential campaign in March , she Haley, the first woman governor of South Carolina the chorus of Republicans who demanded that Trump release his tax returns Trump Trump responded on Trump : " The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley ! " he wrote . Trump October , however , Haley said she Nikki Haley vote Nikki Haley Trump , despite Trump reservations about Nikki Haley character . Nikki Haley This is no longer a choice for me on personalities Nikki Haley I ’m not a fan of either one , what it is about is policy , " she said . Nikki Haley official announcement from the Trump transition Trump today . UPDATE : In a news release , Trump says : Governor Haley has a proven track record of bringing people together regardless of background or party affiliation to move critical policies forward for the betterment of her state and Nikki Haley country . She is also Nikki Haley proven dealmaker , and we look to be making plenty of deals .   She will be Nikki Haley great leader representing us on the world stage . 
 