Just in time to celebrate Donald Trump ’s victory in the New Hampshire primary Tuesday night , leftwing comedy website Funny or Die has released a    fake Donald Trump biopic based on Donald Trump book The Art of the Deal with Johnny Depp starring as Donald Trump . [ The    Art of the Deal : The Movie   —    presented as an ’   Movie of the Week   —    began streaming on the site on Wednesday . In addition to Depp Johnny Depp the film stars Michaela Watkins as Ivana Trump , Henry Winkler as Ed Koch , Alfred Molina as Jerry Schrager , and Patton Oswalt as Merv Griffin . Director Ron Howard delivers the movie ’s intro .    " Donald Trump has it all . Money , power , respect , and an Eastern European bride , " the website ’s synopsis of the film reads . " But all his Donald Trump did n’t come for nothing . First , he Donald Trump millions of dollars from his Donald Trump father , then he Donald Trump New York City by the balls . Now you can learn the art of negotiation , real estate , and    brass in this illuminating     special feature . " In the the film intro , Howard jokingly explains that Trump wrote , produced and starred in the     the film 1980s , but locked it away in a vault forever after a Monday Night Football game went into overtime and scuttled its release . The it centers on Trump ’s quest to Trump the Taj Mahal in Atlantic City while he spars with Koch and Griffin , enlists the help of his " c — he " attorney Schrager , battles the NFL , and celebrates his 40th birthday . he , the film takes plenty of shots at Trump . Among them : his secretary plenty of shots at Trump him he the actress his secretary Maximum Overdrive is named Marla Maples , " ( whom he would later go his secretary to marry and divorce ) and that he is " no his secretary a registered Democrat . " Funny or Die , founded by comedian Will Ferrell and    Adam McKay , has long served as both a liberal creative tastemaker and as a functioning outreach vehicle to plug Democrat policies . In September 2013 , the site released a comedic video starring Jennifer Hudson to promote Obamacare . A few months later , Zach Galifianakis interviewed President Obama on his " Between Two President Obama " web series , where the president urged young President Obama sign up for health insurance through the exchanges . In April of last year , the comedy site announced the site an office in the site , D. C. and hired former Obama administration official Brad Jenkins to manage it . The site has also the site lampooned the site skits like " Prop 8 : The Musical " and " Indiana ’s    Tourism Commercial . " According to the New York Times , the new Trump film ’s existence was kept secret for months . Depp reportedly filmed his part in four days in early December Depp Watch the trailer for The Art of the Deal : The Movie above . Watch the full film here . 
 the new Trump film 