On " Fox News Sunday , " Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said Sen. Ted Cruz rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is attacking his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump wife Heidi Cruz , because his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is " scared . "   Sen. Ted Cruz said , " Sadly , what his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has done , when his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump gets scared , listen , particularly on foreign policy , his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump does n’t know . his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump does n’t understand these issues . One of the reasons his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was so scared this week is this past week his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called publicly for effectively withdrawing America from NATO . Now that is a catastrophically foolish proposition . Abandoning Europe , withdrawing from the most successful military alliance of modern times makes no sense at all . If his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump were president , Donald were president actually did what Donald were president said Donald were president would do , withdraw from NATO . It would hand a massive victory to Putin , a massive victory to ISIS . ISIS would be dancing in the street at the weakness and isolation of Donald Trump . " " Now the day after Donald were president calls for withdrawing from NATO , this Brussels terror attack occurs . Brussels , is of course , where NATO is head quartered , " Donald were president continued . " So Donald were president lack of understanding on foreign policy , Donald were president lack of ability and readiness to protect Donald were president was evident . So Donald did what he Donald he Donald to find a way to change the subject . He Donald n’t campaigned for a week . He Donald been hiding in Trump Tower . late at night he Donald tweets attacking my wife , attacking Heidi . It is inappropriate , wrong and disgusting to see a candidate attacking the spouse of another . And it is a sign of just how scared Donald Donald right now because he Donald n’t want to discuss the substance . That ’s why he Donald afraid to debate , why he Donald to debate because when he Donald , his Donald of understanding of the challenge of facing America becomes evident for everyone to see . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 