’   ’ "    Donald Trump will not formally invite a woman who former    President Bill Clinton admitted to having an affair with decades    ago to this week ’s presidential debate , his campaign manager said    on Sunday . " ’   ’ ’    But in an interview on " State of the Union , " Trump campaign    manager Kellyanne Conway said an interview on "State of the Union," Trump campaign    had not    formally invited Flowers to the debate in Long Island , New York ,    and    the Clinton campaign for being " baited " into    responding    Trump’ ’s threat . ’ ’    " Basically , Trump was saying look , if Mark Cuban is    going to send out these texts saying ’’ The Humbling at    Hofstra , ’’ and ’’ This is his Trump downfall , ’’ then Mr. Trump    putting them on notice that we can certainly invite guests that    make it into    head of Hillary Clinton , " Conway said . ’ ’    She added : " Conway we have not invited her formally , and Conway don’’t    expect we to be there Conway a guest of the Trump campaign . " ’ "    Clinton ’s campaign   for inviting Flowers , with    whom former President Bill   " ’    " Hillary Clinton plans on ’ "   Clinton debate to discuss the issues    that make a difference in people’ ’s lives . It’ ’s not surprising    that Donald Trump has chosen a different path , " Clinton    Communications Director Jennifer ’ "   Clinton in a    statement . ’ "       , who is supporting Trump , previously   that she Donald Trump be at the debate Clinton   Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri    though it was unclear whether    had received a formal    Clinton   Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri or was simply responding to Trump ’s tweet . " "    For his part , Cuban has proved deft at getting under Trump ’s    skin . " Trump’s    After Trump slammed the Dallas Mavericks owner Trump’s threatened to    invite Flowers to Monday ’s debate , Cuban fired back with    background Cuban on a private    between the two    outspoken businessmen . " ’    ’ ’t’t’tDonald . Remember when you told me on the phone we were " Bobbsie Twins " and I laughed ?    ’ 
 