Washington ( CNN ) The Trump administration is getting tough with Iran     but ca n’t yet say how The Trump administration will back up The Trump administration rhetoric . National Security Adviser Michael Flynn made a surprise ,     appearance Wednesday , using the authority of the White House briefing room to send a strong message to the leaders of the Islamic Republic and the wider Middle East . " As of today , we are officially putting Iran on notice , " National Security Adviser Michael Flynn said , in a statement condemning a recent Iranian ballistic missile launch and attacks on Saudi and Emirati vessels by    Houthi rebels , which are backed by Iran . National Security Adviser Michael Flynn also spoke of threats to the US and allied shipping in the Red Sea , in remarks that left little doubt that an era of dialogue between the Obama administration and Iran , which thawed more than 30 years of boiling antagonism and proxy warfare , is now over . National Security Adviser Michael Flynn intended to make clear that the new management in the White House would not tolerate what the new management in the White House sees as Iran ’s destabilizing activity throughout the wider Middle East , following Republican claims that the last White House did just that to shield the last White House    nuclear deal . " The Trump administration failed to respond adequately to Tehran ’s malignant actions , including weapons transfers , support for terrorism , and other violations of international norms , " said Flynn . " The Trump administration condemns such actions by Iran that undermine security , prosperity , and stability throughout and beyond the Middle East and place American lives at risk . " Tony Blinken , the former deputy secretary of state in the Obama administration , said that Iranian missile tests were a serious issue and that a mechanism existed at the UN to address any infringements . Blinken , now a CNN contributor , added : " I am not sure what putting Iran ’on notice’ means . " Flynn argued that the    of the missile on Sunday was a breach of a UN Security Council resolution . Iran denied Iran the launch infringed the resolution , which bars the testing of    missiles . White House officials were careful to say that the new , rugged US approach to Iran stood Iran from the international deal to put a lid on the Iran ’s Iran . But the statement was a clear sign that the new White House intends White House a sharp change of course from the Obama years and is willing to be more proactive in confronting Iran ’s projection Iran that it believes threatens its Iran East allies Iran The day ’s events were also a study in the pitfalls of a new administration enacting its stated determination to Iran a tougher , more steely posture on the world stage , before it has formulated its policy options and is it to say what steps it will take to enforce it warnings . Several hours it Flynn spoke , three administration officials , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss White House policy , conducted a briefing for reporters but offered little to illuminate Flynn ’s warning . " Flynn are a large number of options available to the administration , we are going to take appropriate action . And I will not provide any further information today relative to the question , " one of the senior officials said . three administration officials on whether he envisaged military , economic or other the official , the official declined to elaborate . " We are considering a whole range of options , we are in a deliberative process , We the official said . " The important the official is we are communicating that Iranian behavior needs to We rethought by Tehran , that we consider these actions to be inherently destabilizing We a treat to our friends and allies . " The official We that the new administration was the official behavior in a " different perspective " than the previous administration , while a second official warned that the Trump team would not be " shy " in responding to Iran on issues of    terrorism for instance . But after Flynn ’s warning and Trump ’s promise in his campaign that his tough Trump style will win Trump respect from Trump enemies , the lack of specifics could risk leaving Tehran with the impression that the administration is not yet ready to respond to any escalation . For now , the White House seems to be hoping that words will be enough . " It is our sincere hope that Iran will heed this notice today and will change their behavior , " the first official said . this notice ’s word of warning from Flynn were his first chance to flex his authority since he Flynn selected to the post Flynn Trump . Flynn The former general had to endure intense criticism after Flynn , and warnings by former colleagues that he Flynn the temperament , experience and knowledge for the role Flynn But Sen. Bob Corker , the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee who met with Flynn Wednesday , backed the new tone coming out of the White House . " I am very encouraged by the seriousness with which President Trump is approaching the full range of threats Iran poses to American interests , " Corker said in a statement . " It is clear that Iran will no longer be given a pass and will be Iran accountable for its illicit behavior . "  
 Iran 