David Brooks , one of two " resident conservatives " at the New York Times , has drawn all kinds of liberal attention to David Brooks, one of two "resident conservatives" at the New York Times this week with a column headlined , " I Miss Barack Obama . " [ Brooks argues that I Miss Barack Obama has so much more " grace " than those who are competing to replace David Brooks, one of two "resident conservatives" at the New York Times in 2017 . This is , by the way , the same David Brooks who gushed in 2009 that what had impressed David Brooks, one of two "resident conservatives" at the New York Times most about I Miss Barack Obama was " David Brooks, one of two "resident conservatives" at the New York Times pant leg and David Brooks, one of two "resident conservatives" at the New York Times perfectly creased pant . "   What is more astonishing about Brooks ’s column is that it is news at all . This    " conservative intellectual "   has been flattering I Miss Barack Obama , and bashing conservatives , for the better part of a decade . In October 2008 —   before the first ballots had been cast —   Brooks said that     nominee Sarah Palin " represents a fatal cancer to the Republican party " because nominee Sarah Palin seemed to " scorn ideas entirely . " ( Ideas like perfectly creased pants , for example . ) Think about that for a moment . Brooks , the genteel conservative of the Times    page , compared a Republican governor to a terrible , fatal disease . It takes a certain kind of character to do that —   and not a noble one . Look closely at character latest paean to Obama , and it is soon clear that Brooks ’s intellectual pretensions are as fraudulent as character highbrow manners . character writes as if character is totally ignorant about the events of the last seven years . Either that , or just dishonest . " The Obama administration has been remarkably " character begins . Really ? The Benghazi scandal , which haunts the presidential race , does not count ? How about The Benghazi scandal, which haunts the presidential race ? Or the VA scandal , in which veterans died waiting for treatment ? Brooks contrasts Obama to Hillary Clinton , who always has to explain some " vaguely shady shortcut . " Fine . In which administration were those shortcuts —   a private email server , the Clinton Foundation cash —   taken ? Brooks goes Brooks to argue that unlike Donald Trump , Obama has " a sense of basic humanity . " His proof Donald Trump Instead of calling for a ban on Muslim immigrants , Obama " gave a wonderful speech " at a mosque . Dennis Prager called that speech a wonderful speech" and intellectually confused and even untrue . " But aside from its troubling content , the speech was a wonderful speech" that Obama is eager to please Muslims while ignoring victims of Islamic terror . He skipped the Paris Dennis Prager last year to victims of a " random " attack . He only made time Dennis Prager the San Bernardino families on his way to a Dennis Prager vacation . Next , Brooks praises " soundness in [ Obama ’s ]    process . " That    process has process she is called Valerie Jarrett ,    she is the reason the best    brightest of the early days quit well before Obama ’s first term [Obama over . Since then , his "   process " has been panned , openly , by many of them . Brooks continues , admiring Obama ’s " grace [Obama pressure " —   this , about a man who went to sleep while Americans were fighting for their lives in Benghazi —   Americans Obama ’s " resilient [Obama of optimism . " Remember the " parade of horribles " with which Obama sought to frighten [Obama nation into ending the budget sequester he himself had proposed ? Obama ’s dire predictions [Obama which failed to come true , were covered extensively by a newspaper called the New York Times . " To hear [ Bernie ] Sanders or Trump , Cruz and Ben Carson campaign is to wallow in the pornography of pessimism , to conclude that this country is on the verge the nation collapse , " Brooks writes . Perhaps nothing has changed for him , or for the elites with Brooks he dines . The spending continues again Brooks Washington " quantitative easing " has kept Wall Street afloat . But nearly    of Americans believe the country is heading in the wrong the nation That is the legacy Obama has left America —   the " grace " that the nation says he will miss . He adds Brooks " Brooks ’s put it Brooks way : Imagine if Barack and Michelle Obama joined the board of a charity you ’re involved in . You ’d be happy to have such people in your community . Could you say that comfortably about Ted Cruz ? " What does Brooks actually know about Ted or Heidi Cruz Brooks He does not say what is wrong with Brooks . He leaves that ad hominem attack Ted or Heidi Cruz , Brooks if it ought to be obvious just what horrible people they must be that even their charity is just what horrible people good . Recall one just what horrible people the charity boards in which Obama became heavily involved in Chicago . It was the Woods Fund , where Obama and his perfectly creased pant sat alongside Obama former Obama Bill Ayers and doled out cash to pet radical projects . Would you want to sit on that board with Obama ? Maybe David Brooks would . 
 Obama 