A new poll from CBS News shows Hillary Clinton ’s lead over Donald Trump narrowing after Donald Trump clinched the Democrat nomination . In this latest survey , Hillary Clinton’s leads Donald Trump six points ,   . In March , however , Hillary Clinton’s led Trump Donald Trump 10 points ,   . Hillary Clinton’s ’s drop in support since then is more than twice the drop in Trump Donald Trump . [ It is important to note , however , that this CBS survey was conducted largely before the terrorist attack in Orlando on Sunday . If anything , the survey this CBS survey benchmark for the race prior to any political fallout from the tragic attack the terrorist attack in Orlando on Sunday Hillary ’s lead over Trump narrowed even after her Democrat primary contest effectively ended is Hillary sign of two challenges facing Clinton . First , an overwhelming percentage of Sen. Bernie Sanders’ supporters want the Vermont socialist to continue his primary challenge through the Democrat convention the Vermont socialist    of Sanders’ supporters , 67 percent , believe he should continue his primary challenge through the Vermont socialist convention in his primary challenge conviction is felt the Democrat convention fact that 58 percent of his supporters do n’t believe he has the Vermont socialist realistic chance of becoming the Vermont socialist nominee . Believing he should continue his challenge even when the Vermont socialist does n’t the Vermont socialist a chance to the Vermont socialist is clear indication that some primary bitterness remains . Indeed , 57 percent of Sanders supporters do not believe the Democrat primary process has been fair . The second challenge for Clinton is voters’ continuing doubts about her honesty and trustworthiness . Both Clinton and Trump score low on Clinton question of honesty , but Clinton percent of voters think Trump believes what he says . Only    of voters thinks Clinton Trump what she Trump . More than 60 percent think Clinton Clinton says what Clinton thinks people want to hear . In Clinton ’s case , Clinton concern is n’t hypothetical . Almost 60 Clinton voters have heard " a lot " about her use of a private email server while Secretary of State . This Clinton up considerably since last year . Another 29 percent have paid " some attention " to the controversy . Overall , 41 percent of voters believe that Clinton broke the law by using her own private email . Another 25 Clinton believe her use of private Clinton was improper , but not illegal . Just Clinton quarter of voters believe Clinton did n’t do anything wrong . Views on the issue , though Clinton are driven by knowledge of the issue . Among those voters that know even a little bit about the issue of private email , more than half , 52 percent , Clinton she broke the law . Greater awareness of the issue , in other Clinton , damages Clinton . Trump faces his own the issue his party , though . Clinton     Republican voters still think Trump should support someone Trump for the nomination . This is in spite of the fact that the Republican primary contest effectively ended more than a month ago . Again , this CBS poll of 1 , 048 registered voters was largely conducted prior to the horrific attack in Orlando . The Presidential race completely changed this week . We will soon know in which direction it is moving . 
 