’   ’ ’    It was quite a week . ’ ’    From when Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the    United States last Friday through the end of this week , news    broke from the White House at a    pace unlike anything    seen previously . ’ ’    Donald Trump signed executive orders    most of which cemented    concrete action on Donald Trump most prominent campaign    promises . Donald Trump also allowed access into Donald Trump White House , providing    interviews to The New York Times , ABC , and Fox News , among    others .   ’ ’    At the same time ,    on       rhetoric ,    stirring controversy over falsehoods    spread related to the    size of    inauguration crowd and beliefs    held that millions    voted illegally in the November election , costing    the popular    vote . ’ ’    " President Donald Trump has signature moments every hour , " Matt    Mackowiak , a Republican strategist and president of the Potomac    Strategy Group , told Business Insider in an email . ’ "    Here ’s how the week that was   —    the first of President Donald Trump presidency   —      went down : " "    The first full day of the Trump President Donald Trump was highlighted by    nationwide   —    and international   —    marches in opposition to him .    The Women ’s March in Washington , DC , one of the   in history ,       a larger crowd gather than did for his       ceremony the day before . " ’    The march , coupled with a swathe of reporting about the size    of the inaugural crowd from the prior day , led Trump to make a       of questionable decisions on day one . ’ ’    First ,   ’ ’     ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " Anger ? " . " There’ ’s plenty of anger right    now . How can you have more ? " ’ ’    " David , David   —    I mean , I know you’’re a sophisticated guy , " he you’’re later added . " The world is a mess . The The world as angry as it    The world . What , you think this is going to cause a little more anger ?    The    The world angry place . " ’ ’   ’ ’ was a supporter who tried to cast a ballot    in Florida on Election Day . Trump said Langer was told he could    Trump vote , while two other people " who did not look as if they    should be    to vote , " were able to cast provisional    ballots , the Times wrote . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 