Washington ( CNN ) The moment that Donald Trump took the oath of office and became the 45th President , a transformation occurred     online . Simultaneous with the formal transfer of power that occurred on the steps of our nation ’s Capitol , the entire White House digital presence was changed over . The White House website changed from the administration of former President Barack Obama to that of Donald Trump . As a result , The White House website appeared to Internet users that the administration of former President Barack Obama former President Barack Obama vanished     tweets and all . Numerous social media posts noted Friday afternoon that former webpages that hosted White House policies on climate change and LGBT rights were no longer available .   But the transformation was much larger and covered every policy area . The    digital footprint was archived and those pages were migrated to the archived Obama administration website former President Barack Obama At the same time , White White House accounts like the @POTUS , @FLOTUS , @VP , @PresSec and @WhiteHouse were changed to match their new owners . the @POTUS, @FLOTUS, @VP, @PresSec and @WhiteHouse The switchover was planned as part of the formal presidential transition , as the National Archives and Records Administration prepared to preserve all the material from the Obama administration . Records Administration a    blog post now available at the Obama White House website former President Barack Obama all digital properties were started fresh for the Trump administration .   " Records Administration Clinton and Bush White House websites , President Obama ’s WhiteHouse White House be preserved on the web and frozen after January 20th and made available at ObamaWhiteHouse . gov , " former White House digital staffer Kori Schulman wrote . " The White House House will receive the WhiteHouse . gov domain and all White House has been posted WhiteHouse . gov during the Obama administration will be archived former President Barack Obama NARA . WhiteHouse Trump ’s new White House website already had several policies posted on it , including White House , law enforcement , energy and foreign policy . Trump’s The National Records and Archives Administration preserves documents and material from the US federal government of historical significance going back to the nation ’s founding , including the Constitution and Declaration of Independence .   Obama , his wife and advisers created new Twitter accounts , and the @POTUS and @FLOTUS Obama were transformed around noon on Friday with pictures of Trump and his wife , Melania , and cleared of previous tweets . Followers were migrated Obama   Already the new administration had continued one tradition started by the Obama White House     receiving citizens’ petitions . Within hours , two petitions had Obama created on We The People     to release Donald Trump ’s tax returns and for him to fully divest from his business interests . 
 Donald Trump’s Donald Trump’s 