Evan Osnos writes that Donald Trump " may seek to shape the outcome " of the Republican National Convention by priming Donald Trump supporters to riot . [ From the New Yorker :   More than three months before any ballots have been cast at the Republican National Convention , Roger Stone , Donald Trump ’s      consigliere , has delivered the campaign equivalent of a severed horse head to delegates who might consider denying Trump the Donald Trump’s      . Trump ’s Donald Trump’s      find you in your sleep , he merrily informed Donald Trump’s      this week Trump’s supporters He did not Donald Trump’s      it metaphorically . this week …      By now , we know most of the chapters in Trump ’s Donald Trump’s playbook : the epithets for " " Jeb and Lyin’ Ted and Little Marco , and the bombshell provocations —   about , say , a nuclear strike in Europe —   as a way to draw attention away from unfavorable news and missteps . And , throughout , of course , the mockery of women . But as we approach the growing prospect of a contested convention , in which delegates can make    choices about whom they will support delegates it ’s becoming clearer that Trump may seek to shape the outcome by using his most unwieldy Trump of all : the latent power of usually peaceful people . It ’s easy to mock Trump for his Trump fixation Trump the size of his audiences , Trump that misses a deeper point : you ca n’t have a riot without a mob . Even before he was a Trump , Trump displayed a Trump gift for cultivating the dark power of a crowd . In his role as Trump primary advocate of the " birther " fiction , he proved himself Trump be Trump maestro of the mob mentality , capable of conducting his fans through Trump of rage and    and suspicion . Speaking to the Times editorial board , in January , he said , Trump You know , if it gets a the Times editorial board boring , if I see people starting to sort of , maybe , thinking about leaving , I can sort of tell the audience , I just say , ‘ We will build people wall ! , ’ and they go nuts people "    …      And therein lies the key to Trump ’s ability to introduce menace into the convention : he does not Trump’s to call upon his supporters to Trump’s anything but protect their newfound sense his supporters identity and purpose . Read the rest of the article here . 
 