Donald Trump ’s campaign is alleging that the FBI colluded with the Department of State on changing the classification of Hillary Clinton ’s emails , which were being investigated due to Hillary Clinton’s use of a personal , private email server as secretary of state . [ Unbelievable . https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 17 , 2016 ,    " These FBI documents provide undeniable proof that Hillary Hillary Clinton’s with the FBI , DOJ and State Department to cover up criminal activity at the highest levels , " alleges Trump adviser Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn in a press release on Monday , adding : Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s put our national security at extreme risk . We have men our women putting their lives on men and women line for this country . If any person had done a fraction of what she has done Hillary Clinton’s our sensitive information our would be criminally charged and those in our military would our   . Hillary Clinton acts as though she is above Hillary Clinton law and therefore , she is not Hillary Clinton to serve as Commander in Chief . Flynn ’s statement comes after news broke that FBI officials allegedly discussed a quid pro quo deal in return for changing email classification with the Department of State . The Washington Examiner reports : FBI notes released FBI show that Patrick Kennedy , State ’s undersecretary for management , pressured the FBI to FBI classified markings on an email that had been upgraded to " secret . " One section of the notes indicates that FBI notes released Monday a classification change Patrick Kennedy " B9 , " and said that change would allow him to " archive the Patrick Kennedy in the basement of DOS never to be seen again . " The notes then indicate that FBI notes released Monday official said he would " look into the another unnamed official matter if KENNEDY would provide authority concerning the Patrick Kennedy ’s request to increase its personnel in Iraq . " the FBI’s FBI issued a statement , the FBI’s change of classification never occurred and that a quid pro quo deal never took place . 
 