Washington ( CNN ) Ask Sen. John McCain if Sen. John McCain sees a comparison between Presidents Donald Trump and Ronald Reagan and the veteran Republican answers without hesitation . " No , I do n’t , " Sen. John McCain told David Axelrod on " The Axe Files , " a podcast from the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . McCain said McCain found " appalling " Trump ’s assertion in an interview earlier this year that the US lacked the moral standing to question Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s human rights abuses . " We ’ve got a lot of killers . What do you think , our country ’s so innocent ? " Trump said at the time . " To state that there ’s some moral equivalency between an imperfect nation     that ’s the United States of America     and Russian President Vladimir Putin is appalling , " McCain responded . " And I think it ’s pretty clear that there ’s a difference between , well , are n’t we killers and the guy that stood there and said , ’Mr . Gorbachev , take down this wall,’ " he Gorbachev , recalling Reagan ’s historic challenge to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev delivered in a 1987 speech at the Berlin Wall . In contrast to Trump ’s posture toward Russia , Reagan Reagan spoke out for the captive nations " under Soviet rule and gave hope to the citizens there , McCain said . " That ’s a pretty big difference . "    McCain McCain shut down if continuing resolution is on the table , By assaulting a foundational principle of American democracy , McCain McCain , Russia Russia interference in the 2016 presidential election was an act more destructive than if the US had been attacked through conventional warfare . " It ’s one thing to destroy a building with a bomb or inflict damage , but if you destroy the fundamentals of a free and open society , which is what democracy is all about , you inflict incredibly heavier damage , " he McCain . The White House did not immediately return a request Saturday for comment on McCain ’s remarks . Multiple congressional investigations and an FBI probe are underway to determine if there was any collusion between figures associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election . But McCain McCain cautious when asked if he McCain consider any contacts between Americans and the Russians who interfered with the the 2016 election be an act of treason . " There ’s one thing to have a conversation . It ’s another thing to plot together , " he McCain . " But I think it would be something that that individual would have to be held accountable . " During this conversation , which also aired on CNN Saturday night , McCain , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , expressed concerns about the philosophical gulf between Trump ’s national security team and key members of his White Trump staff . Registering his strong Trump for Defense Secretary James Mattis Lt . General H. R. McMaster , Trump ’s Trump security adviser and John F. Kelly , the Homeland Security secretary , McCain called the group " the strongest ( national security team ) I ’ve seen . " But the Arizona Trump appreciation for global the group "the strongest (national security team and America ’s leadership role stood in contrast with the views of his chief strategist , Trump Bannon , and policy director Stephen Miller , who are seen as the architects of Trump ’s    " America First " rhetoric . " I know that the President has great respect for these former military people that he has given the the President important national security posts , " McCain said . Yet Trump he added , " Trump tells me that Mr. Bannon has his ear constantly . Mr. Bannon there is a contradiction within this administration . " The President ’s foreign the President navigate their internal divisions while at the The President’s foreign policy team time confronting " a world in incredible turmoil , " McCain said . The Trump Republican presidential nominee , who ran against Barack Obama , ascribed much of that turmoil to Obama ’s policies , which he Barack Obama " Trump disaster . " " I am more worried about this country than I ’ve been in Barack Obama lifetime , " he said . " Trump are seeing strains on the world order . " To hear the whole conversation with McCain , click on Trump The Axe Files " podcast every week , subscribe at 
 