  ( CNN ) Members of the Congressional Black Caucus launched what Members of the Congressional Black Caucus admitted was a " longshot " effort to block Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions’ nomination to lead the Department of Justice in    Donald Trump ’s Administration . " He has been hostile to every community that DOJ is supposed to protect from discrimination , " Indiana Democratic Rep. Andre Carson told reporters at a Capitol Hill news conference Thursday . A number of Senate Democrats have signaled A number of Senate Democrats will oppose Sessions’ nomination , but Republicans control the chamber and none have expressed any opposition . West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin has also praised Sessions and said West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin would vote for West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin , another factor indicating West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin is on track to serve as the next attorney general . Sarah Isgur Flores , a spokeswoman for Sessions , defended West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin record . " As attorney    Jeff Sessions has been endorsed by    and civil rights leaders who know West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin and know that West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin has has dedicated West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin career to upholding the law and ensuring public safety , " Flores told CNN . " Those groups that want to score cheap political points by smearing West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin name do not have the facts on Those groups that want to score cheap political points by smearing his name side . " Louisiana Democratic Rep. Cedric Richmond , who chairs the CBC , acknowledged the chances were slim that Louisiana Democratic Rep. Cedric Richmond, who chairs the CBC ’d be able to successfully derail his confirmation as attorney general . " None of our fights have ever been easy and our do n’t let the fact that it may be a longshot ever deter our and our are fighting for the justice of everyone in America , " Richmond said .    Thirty years ago , Sessions was nominated for a federal judgeship but during a federal judgeship Senate confirmation hearing a federal judgeship was accused of making racist remarks , a charge a federal judgeship vigorously denied . The Senate Judiciary Committee voted down a federal judgeship nomination , but the Alabama Republican went on to serve as attorney general in a federal judgeship home state . a federal judgeship was elected to Senate in 1996 and was one of the first members of Congress to endorse Trump ’s presidential campaign . RELATED : Sessions dogged by old allegations of racism , Richmond , asked if a federal judgeship believed that Sessions was racist , did n’t directly answer but said a federal judgeship " a federal judgeship beliefs are discriminatory , a federal judgeship actions are discriminatory . "   a federal judgeship added " if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck , quacks like a duck , it it a duck . " Multiple members of the black caucus pointed to concerns with Sessions’ positions on voting rights , immigration and civil rights . They Multiple members of the black caucus took issue with his position on the Justice Department ’s role in addressing clashes between local communities and police departments . Sessions’ supporters maintain that the Capitol Hill group does not speak for all African Americans and that the Alabama Republican has support from a number of black leaders .   Currently there are 49 members of the CBC , but only two are Senators     New Jersey Senator Cory Booker and California Sen. Kamala Harris . Neither participated in Thursday ’s news conference focused on Session ’s nomination . RELATED : Arrests end NAACP    at Jeff Sessions’ office 
 