  ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders is poised to endorse Hillary Clinton at a campaign event Tuesday in New Hampshire , provided that final disagreements in the Democratic platform can be resolved during a weekend party meeting in Orlando , people familiar with the talks say . For three weeks , Bernie Sanders has been steadily walking closer to throwing Bernie Sanders full support behind Hillary Clinton , but has been withholding a formal endorsement until the Democratic platform is written . Bernie Sanders repeated Bernie Sanders pledge to help defeat Donald Trump again Thursday in an interview with Bloomberg View ’s Al Hunt .   " We have got to do everything that we We to defeat Donald Donald Trump elect Hillary Clinton , " Bernie Sanders said . " I do n’t honestly know how we would We four years of a Donald Trump as president . " Bernie Sanders has been seeking policy concessions from Clinton on college tuition     which happened Wednesday , as Clinton rolled Clinton a proposal to make tuition free at    public colleges and universities for those earning less than $ 125 , 000 per year for a family of four . Also on Sanders’ wish list : A commitment on health care to allow those aged 55 and older to buy into Medicare , and concessions in the Democratic platform to oppose the    Partnership , a    trade deal negotiated by President Barack Obama ’s administration , even in a    session of Congress before a new president is sworn in .    If the Orlando meeting goes smoothly , people familiar with the talks say , Sanders and Clinton appear to be on track to a joint appearance in New Hampshire on Tuesday .   Plans for that joint a joint appearance in New Hampshire on Tuesday fall apart , and patience is running thin among some     with Sanders insistent Sanders policy concessions and Clinton aides Clinton he ’s Clinton in the race too long after Clinton became Clinton presumptive Democratic nominee . Sanders was Sanders in a meeting with House Democrats on Wednesday for failing to support Clinton . Clinton are set to meet Friday and Saturday in Orlando to finalize their platform ahead of Democrats party ’s convention in Philadelphia later this month . 
 