Washington   ( CNN ) The sting of defeat is still fresh .   But Democrats are embarking on a    exercise to determine how Democrats ended up in the political wilderness , losing the House , the Senate and the White House at a time when President Barack Obama ’s approval ratings are at record highs . How Clinton spent the morning after Clinton concession , Clinton may very well still win the popular vote , and there are myriad theories about why Democrats fell short when it came to electoral college math : inaccurate polling and modeling , an unprecedented surge of white voters for Trump , Clinton Clinton to ignite enough enthusiasm and excitement among women , blacks and Latinos .   But the former secretary of state ’s stunning losses in the Rust Belt spoke to deeper problems facing a Democratic Party that has become unmoored from its roots the Rust Belt Most stark in the results was the party a Democratic Party that has become unmoored from its roots white    voters .   The primary exposed the deep divide between the progressive and centrist wings of the party , which clearly have not healed . And strategists learned the hard way just how difficult it is to replicate the Obama coalition without the President at the top of the ticket .   Baffled Democrats , As they sift through the Baffled Democrats , most baffling to some Democrats was how some voters who supported Obama in 2008 and Obama ended up backing Trump . As Clinton retreated to private life in Chappaqua , New York , and the President prepares to the President , it was clear that there was no consensus about who should lead the party , or even lead the discussion about where the party needs to go the party . Trump calls Obama ’a very Trump man’   Elizabeth Warren , Bernie Sanders , Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will play leading roles . But there are broad policy disagreements among them , as well as competing Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer .   Schumer , for example , must Chuck Schumer his eye on the 2018 races Chuck Schumer he will have slew of Democrats Chuck Schumer for    in conservative states . Clinton ’s unexpected losses in industrial states like Wisconsin and Pennsylvania     as well as the    race in Michigan , which CNN has not called   —    underscored the view of Democratic strategists who privately complained throughout 2016 that Clinton had n’t found a message Clinton connected with    Americans . Though polls showed many Latinos and women were repelled by Trump before Election Day , Trump actually slightly outperformed Mitt Romney Trump Latinos . And Clinton drew a slightly smaller share Clinton women to the polls than Obama did in 2012 , according to exit polls .   She won the lowest share of Clinton households of any Democrat since 1980     notching 51 % of union households to Trump ’s 43 % according to Trump polls . By comparison , Obama won 59 % of union Obama in 2008 . Trump ’s campaign was vacuous . Trump his policy proposals were unachievable , even Trump the eyes of his supporters . Yet his populist message Trump a chord with Trump across the ideological spectrum . " Clearly what this election demonstrated     from the primaries through the general election     was that the centrist , more moderate wing of the ( Democratic ) party has no standing with working class and middle class voters in this country , " said Jeff Weaver , who was campaign manager Weaver progressive wing to reassert themselves and offer a bold agenda to the American people , " Weaver said . " The real losers in this campaign were the progressive wing Democratic and Republican establishments . People clearly wanted change . Trump became the vehicle for that change in the general election . I think many people voted for him in spite of his outrageous positions , as opposed to in favor of them . So we need to demonstrate to people Trump we stand with Trump , not with the wealthy and powerful . " many people Trump ’s America , Though Clinton was raised in we    household many people with economic struggles , she never managed to find Trump that connected with struggling working class families . That was particularly ironic considering she ran against a Clinton who lives in the penthouse of a gold plated tower . Long before Trump was viewed as a real Clinton , Bill Burton , a former adviser to Obama , recalled discussing the message challenges facing Democrats Trump 2016 as far as two years ago .   Obama coalition , He argued then that no one would be able to recreate the Obama coalition , because Obama was simply a uniquely Obama candidate and Obama special guy . " Democrats already knew at that time , Obama said , that Obama had a problem with    white voters " that we ’re not paying attention to . " He believed Obama if the party Democrats n’t fix that , they could n’t win .   " And that ’s what happened , Obama Burton said in an interview Thursday . " We could the party win a race where we did n’t have enough white voters to make up for the gaps in the Obama coalition the party There ’s any number of reasons the party that     from ( FBI Director ) James Comey to Donald Trump having a message that appealed in middle America . " Kaine : ’This is n’t a time to give up’ " There ’s going to be a lot of soul searching , and there ’s no one answer for it     anyone who suggests that there is , is just wrong , " he said . " In 2020 , we ’ve got to be thinking about a coalition of voters that builds on the Obama coalition (FBI Director) James Comey to Donald Trump the best that we can , but also reaches out to a big group of voters in the middle of the country who feel like they ’ve been left behind . " The conversation about how to do that will unfold over many months , after operatives and activists have time to digest the data and missteps from this campaign . One early proxy for the internal struggles of the party will be the election of the party ’s chair next year .   On Thursday , Sanders said he would back Minnesota the Democratic Party Ellison of Minnesota as the next the Democratic Party the Democratic National Committee and attributed Tuesday ’s losses to a lack Sanders enthusiasm . Bernie Sanders on if he Minnesota have won : ’What good does it do now?’ Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean pointed to what he views as Sanders problems Thursday , Sanders he also threw his hat into the ’What good for party chair . " The Dems need organization and now?’ Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean on the young , " Dean tweeted . now?’ Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean Need a now?’ Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean State strategy and tech rehab . I am in for chairman again . " Donna Brazile is currently serving as now?’ Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean party ’s interim chair through March 2017 after stepping in replace Debbie Wasserman Schultz in July when Wikileaks released emails showing that Democratic officials tried to help Clinton clinch the nomination , instead of playing the role of neutral arbiter in determining the nominee . Democratic strategist and CNN commentator Hilary Rosen noted that the margins in battleground states where Clinton lost were relatively close , making the discussion about what to do even more complex .   Many Democrats were stunned by the fact that Clinton Clinton Trump were separated by only about a percentage point in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin —   and the race in Michigan still looks even closer than Clinton . Sanders supporters noted it was hard to imagine him losing states like that in the Industrial Midwest . ( Obama won Michigan , which is still too close to call , by 9 . 5 Sanders points in 2012 ) . " What I do n’t think even a win would have masked , though it would have masked it more easily , is the divide between center left and left " in the party , said Rosen , a Clinton supporter . She noted that it Sanders supporters will argue he might have done more to galvanize young voters and the Democratic base , but that could have come Clinton the expense of votes from independents and Sanders that Clinton won . Team Trump is already filled with Washington insiders , In the annals of history , the election may be remembered as having been decided Clinton Pennsylvania , Wisconsin     which nudged Trump over Wisconsin electoral votes     and Michigan , where the vote count continues . When Trump ’s advantage in those three states Trump Trump , it currently amounts to close to 110 , Michigan votes out of tens of Donald Trump’s America were cast ( the final turnout figure may not Donald Trump’s America known for some time ) .    " By virtue of those 110 , 000 votes , we ’re now going to have the conversation in the Democratic Party that we thought the Republicans were going to have in their party , " Rosen said . 
 the Democratic Party CNN commentator Hilary Rosen we the Republicans 