Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election . Hillary Clinton will introduce running mate , Tim Kaine , at a campaign event at Florida International University in Miami . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates .   All times eastern .   —    6:45 : Kaine reportedly considered using a boat last night to evade reporters : Tim Kaine considering using a boat to evade reporters last night last night :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) July 23 , 2016 ,   6:35 : Some of Ted Cruz ’s most important donors slamming him . Bad Ted Cruz’s for him ahead . Ted Cruz’s : Trump : They do n’t look presidential : Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together . ISIS and our other enemies are drooling . They do n’t ISIS and our other enemies presidential to me !   Ted Cruz’s    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 23 , 2016 ,   4:30 : Trouble on the left : Green Party candidate Jill Stein urges Bernie Sanders to withdraw his endorsement of Bernie Sanders in light of the Wikileaks emails : " On the eve of the Democratic National Convention , I invite Bernie Sanders to Bernie Sanders endorsement of Hillary Bernie Sanders in light Clinton new facts , and to consider joining forces outside of the corrupt Democratic Party that sabotaged his campaign , " Bernie Sanders said . " I Clinton again urge Bernie to sit down Bernie Sanders me to explore potential collaboration Clinton the Green Party to ensure the corrupt Democratic Party that sabotaged his campaign revolution will prevail . "   —    Sanders campaign wants accountability : Bernie Sanders camp manager Bernie Sanders tells me somebody with DNC has to be " held accountable " for    @ABCPolitics ,   —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) July 23 , 2016 ,   2:50 : Kaine celebrated with champagne during his flight from RI to MIA last night Kaine per aides ,   —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) July 23 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Bar was set low , and Kaine jumped over it .    I ’ve Kaine a lot Bar @TimKaine speeches   …     he is always good .. but nothing like Kaine before .. he has raised his game to a major Kaine level , Kaine —    Ryan Nobles ( @ryanobles ) July 23 , 2016 ,   extremely effective Kaine debut ,   —    John Harwood Kaine @JohnJHarwood ) July 23 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Kaine frames election : Kaine framing    choice Kaine " you ’re Kaine " v " you ’re hired " " " v " " " me first " v "   first "   —    John Harwood ( @JohnJHarwood ) July 23 , 2016 ,   He slams Trump for not releasing tax returns Kaine 1:58 : He says he and Hillary " will not Kaine " Kaine more gun control laws are enacted . " We wo n’t rest until we get universal background checks , " he We . He says the NRA has Kaine against him Kaine he ’s    in elections . Kaine @timkaine Kaine Harry Truman : " America was not built on fear . " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:50 : Kaine says he and Clinton will champion a " strong Kaine and " progressive " agenda . He asks everyone to go to a naturalization Kaine , saying it ’s one of the most powerful things a naturalization ceremony [ When Democrats speak , the mainstream media always seem to lose their sarcasm , vitriol , and snark . Democrats 1:40 : Kaine going over his biography . He says Kaine time in Kaine changed his Kaine in Kaine many ways . He Kaine he saw a dictatorship in Honduras Kaine a Kaine people at the top Honduras everything and it convinced him to fight for equality for everyone . Kaine praises former Virginia GOP Gov. Linwood Holton Kaine Kaine is married to his daughter ) for   integrating its schools Kaine Kaine talks about his accomplishments   a civil Kaine lawyer and Kaine , " I like to fight for right . " Kaine talks about it being cool that his Kaine went to the same public schools Kaine after their grandfather . Kaine now talking about his his kids in law Kaine Linwood Holton , Kaine Republican governor of VA who integrated the state ’s schools .   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:35 : Kaine touting his extensive experience as a career Kaine in Kaine year of the outsider . " I ’m one of only 20 people in American history to serve as a mayor a governor and a united states senator , " Kaine says ,   —    Liz Goodwin Kaine @lizcgoodwin ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:33 : Kaine says when Donald Trump says he has Kaine back , you better watch Kaine . He also talks about his son , who Kaine about to deploy Kaine . Kaine tells the crowd here in Miami that Kaine oldest son is soon deploying to Europe Kaine work with NATO . Tailor made knock on Trump .   —    Dan Merica ( Donald Trump ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:32 : Soul mates ? Tim Kaine :   " Companeros de alma " pic . twitter .    —    Gary Detman ( @GaryDetmanNews ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:28 : Kaine says he feels a lot of gratitude Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic says Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic is grateful for the trust Clinton has Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic in her . He immediately speaks Spanish while addressing Clinton crowd Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic Kaine basically immediately breaks into Spanish . Welcome Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic Miami ! pic . Spanish .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:22 : Clinton says Kaine has a " backbone of Clinton " Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic his smile . " Just ask the NRA Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic " she says . " Over and over again Clinton he has had the courage to stand up Tim Kaine:  "Companeros de alma" pic the gun lobby in their own backyard . " 1:20 : . the gun lobby gives a big shout to DNC chair @DWStweets for rigging the process . Job well done ,   —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:16 : Clinton says Kaine is everything " Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not . " She says Kaine is qualified to step in Clinton lead Kaine day one . She frames Kaine as a " progressive " Clinton Sanders Kaine supporters may disagree ] who likes to get things done . She ’s her kind of guy . She Clinton they Clinton grew up in the Clinton and raised by fathers who were small businessmen . She touts Kaine ’s " lifelong commitment to Clinton justice Kaine " Clinton says Kaine could have done anything after Clinton Law Kaine , but he chose to become a civil rights lawyer Kaine take on housing discrimination . She says while Kaine was taking on housing Clinton cases , Kaine Trump was denying housing to   . [ Look for more of this from Clinton to gin up minorities to vote against Clinton . ] . @HillaryClinton : " @timkaine Donald Trump his own salary and invested in education from @timkaine through college and beyond . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:14 : Clinton says they will offer a very different Clinton next Fox News (@FoxNews) July 23, 2016,  1:14 . She talks about " building bridges , not Clinton " and embracing diversity . She is thrilled to announce Kaine as a Clinton who shares and lives those values . VA Gov. McAuliffe praise pick : Tim Kaine is an excellent choice   — Kaine good friend , a strong liberal , experienced . All who know him like   respect him . Will make amazing Kaine !   — Kaine Terry McAuliffe ( @TerryMcAuliffe ) July 23 , 2016 ,   1:11 : Clinton says after everything we ’ve seen at the Republican convention , being here is " truly like a breath of fresh air . " Clinton says she sees " America ’s future " Clinton she Clinton out at the crowd . She says Clinton of the " fear and anger Clinton resentment , " she senses optimism because " we are stronger together Clinton " Clinton says Trump is wrong to think that America Clinton in decline and declares that America ’s America days are still ahead of us America Clinton says she knows that nobody does anything all Clinton and Clinton Trump for declaring that he ’d fix America ’s Trump . 1:08 : Clinton and Kaine America on stage .    Clinton takes the stage pic . twitter .    —    Amy Chozick ( @amychozick ) July 23    2016 ,   12:35 : Robert Reich calls on Clinton to dump   : Hillary should fire Debbie Clinton Schultz . Now . Do n’t wait until next week to replace her . Yesterday WikiLeaks   …      https :   Debbie Wasserman Schultz    —    Robert Reich ( @RBReich ) July 23 , 2016 ,   12:00 : Debbie Wasserman Schultz now on stage as the crowd awaits Debbie Wasserman Schultz hypes the Dem . the crowd week and vows to " make Debbie Wasserman Schultz case to the American people about our vision . " She is slamming Florida Gov. Rick Scott on healthcare our She says she Debbie Wasserman Schultz two words for Donald Trump : " stronger together Debbie Wasserman Schultz " Debbie Wasserman Schultz that build up , her two words = Clinton ’s canned campaign theme ? Lame . ] She Debbie Wasserman Schultz the crowd to chant , " I ’m with her . " Debbie Wasserman Schultz Listen to all of the " objective " pundits and Debbie Wasserman Schultz journalists " speaking about   . They sound like WWE rasslin’ announcers trying their darndest to get wrestlers fans do not like " over " with them . They : Kaine being hammered for    on    Partnership Kaine Liberal fan They Huffington Post completely and comically uncritical :    Kaine told Clinton he would n’t support the Kaine in its Clinton form https      .    @mmcauliff ,   —    Sam Stein the TPP @samsteinhp ) July 23 , 2016 ,   Kaine told Clinton he would n’t support the Kaine in its Clinton form https :   .    @mmcauliff ,   — the TPP Stein ( the TPP ) July 23 , 2016 ,   11:35 : Trump : Tim Kaine is , and always has been , owned Kaine Trump . Bernie supporters are outraged , was their last choice . Bernie fought for nothing !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Bernie supporters July 23 , Bernie ,   The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine , who represents the opposite Bernie supporters for . Philly fight ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July Bernie , 2016 ,   11:25 : Wall Street breathes sigh of relief while    base jeers Kaine pick . 11:00 : Interesting observation . Kaine Elizabeth Warren nor Bernie Sanders has said anything about Kaine ’s selection .    10:50 :    Kaine debut today in Miami : Bernie Sanders @HillaryClinton rally in # Miami . Miami ’s expected to appear with    pick Miami . I will FB live the event . pic @timkaine twitter .    Elizabeth Warren    Sam Sosa ( @SamanthaSosa _ ) July 23 , 2016 , 
 