Washington ( CNN ) For Donald Trump , this was supposed to be a week in which Donald Trump established Donald Trump as the only presidential candidate fit to serve as commander in chief . But that ’s not working out so easily for the Republican presidential nominee . Donald Trump is back at the center of controversy following an NBC News forum Wednesday in which Donald Trump praised Russian President Vladimir Putin , falsely asserted Donald Trump opposed the Iraq War , seemed to criticize US generals , politicized nonpartisan intelligence briefings and stood by a tweet that implied military sexual assault is the result of women in the armed forces . RELATED : Trump defends tweet on military sexual assault , Hillary Clinton pounced on Trump performance at the event , escalating the battle between the two candidates with less than three weeks before they the two candidates on stage together for the first time to debate . " We have never been threatened by a single candidate running for president as we We been in this election , " she Hillary Clinton at a news conference Thursday , arguing that Trump Trump treating the campaign as his Trump " celebrity reality TV program . " Trump Trump by accusing his Trump of trying to change the subject . " She Hillary Clinton to make up for her Hillary Clinton performance last night , it was a horrible performance , so she Hillary Clinton on the tarmac and told more lies , " Trump Trump , blasting a news conference Clinton held on the tarmac of a New York airport . Indeed , Clinton Clinton during the forum to fend off questions about her Clinton of a private email server during her Clinton as secretary . Though the moderator , Matt Lauer , has faced criticism for spending so much time on the issue , her Clinton also underscored the challenge she Clinton in moving on . Trump Trump clear Thursday they would n’t back Trump from the candidate ’s performance at the forum . Trump continued to deny claims that he backed the Iraq Trump , pointing to an interview he gave with Esquire Trump in August 2004 , over a year after the war started , the Iraq War said that the Trump was a mess . However , in an interview with Howard Stern in September 2002 before the war began , he the Iraq War whether Trump supported the idea Trump an invasion . " Yeah , I guess so , " Trump replied . CNN ’s Jeremy Diamond asked Trump on Thursday about his comment Trump March 2003 that Jeremy Diamond recent invasion looked " like a tremendous success from a military standpoint . " The billionaire replied : " You know what I meant . " Meanwhile , GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence backed Trump ’s comments in which he Trump was a better leader GOP vice presidential nominee President Barack Obama     despite the fact the Kremlin strongman is accused of domestic repression and of seeking to check US power abroad . " I think it ’s inarguable that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger leader Putin country than Barack Obama has been in Putin country , " Pence said in an his country CNN ’s Dana Bash at the Reagan Library in California . RELATED : Trump praises Putin , pans US generals as Clinton pivots Putin email , And as Trump faced criticism about Putin comments , the GOP Trump gave an Putin to Larry King ’s program on RT , a    cable news channel . Trump demurred questions about whether Russia , which has Trump accused of being behind the hack of the Democratic National Committee , is trying to influence the US election . " It ’s probably unlikely , " Trump told King . " Maybe the Democrats are Trump that Larry King’s . Who knows ? "   Another presidential candidate     Libertarian hopeful Gary Johnson     also spent Thursday trying to bounce back from a    moment in which he blanked on a question about how he would Gary Johnson     the carnage in the Syrian city Gary Johnson     Aleppo . " What is Aleppo during an interview on MSNBC ’s " Gary Johnson     Joe . " Clinton had her own shaky moments at the forum . She was plied with questions Clinton her private email server , seemed defensive Clinton unwilling to abide by time Clinton on her responses . For Clinton , the challenge ahead is deciding whether cloaking Clinton in the conventional Clinton of experience and sobriety distinguishes her from Trump Clinton might not jibe with public anger at the Washington Clinton . She described herself at the forum as offering " steadiness . An absolutely Clinton steadiness Clinton mixed with " strength to be able to make the hard decisions . " She sought to move forward on Thursday as the popular website Humans of Clinton York published interviews in which Clinton spoke candidly about perceptions that she can sometimes come off as " cold or unemotional , " describing Clinton struggle to control her emotions without seeming " walled off " and Clinton in personal terms Clinton what it ’s like to campaign as a woman . " Sometimes I think I come across more in the ’walled off’ arena , " she said . " And if I create that perception , then I Clinton responsibility . I do n’t view myself as cold or unemotional . And neither do my friends . And Clinton does my family . But if that sometimes is the perception I create , then I ca n’t blame people for thinking that . " 
 