  ( CNN ) Four young people accused of torturing a Chicago    teen and broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live were ordered held without bail Friday afternoon . Four young people accused of torturing a Chicago   teen and broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live face hate crime , kidnapping , unlawful restraint and battery charges in their Four young people accused of torturing a Chicago   teen and broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live role in the attack .   " I ’m wondering where was the sense of decency that each of you should have had ? " Cook County Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil asked the Four young people accused of torturing a Chicago   teen and broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live " When the mom reached out asking about his child Cook County Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil .. Where was it ? I do n’t see it . it The decision to deny them bail Four young people accused of torturing a Chicago   teen and broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live cheers in the courtroom . After the hearing , Assistant State ’s Attorney Erin Antonetti told reporters the     victim suffers from schizophrenia and    hyperactivity disorder . He   Assistant State’s Attorney Erin Antonetti friends with one of the suspects , Jordan Hill , and was voluntarily spending time with him , Assistant State’s Attorney Erin Antonetti on New Year ’s Eve , she said Eve The attacks started in the back of a stolen van after Hill apparently became angry because the victim the    victim asked about her son ’s location , Eve said .   Hill took the teen to Hill    apartment in Chicago , where he was bound and gagged , beaten over several days by the two male and two female suspects and forced to drink toilet water , with some of the attacks broadcast on Facebook Live , she said . " During Eve course of the attack , defendant Hill communicated with the Hill Hill and demanded $ 300 ransom in exchange for getting her son back , " Eve said . The youth finally escaped Tuesday when police came to the apartment because the suspects argued with    residents who ’d complained about the noise , she said . The victim Eve treated at a the victim’s mother released . Hate crime charges , Jordan Hill , 18 Tesfaye Cooper 18 Brittany Covington , 18 and Tanishia Covington , 24 , have each been charged with a hate crime , felony aggravated kidnapping , aggravated unlawful restraint and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon .   Hill , Cooper and Brittany Covington also face charges Tesfaye Cooper residential Brittany Covington Hill faces an additional charge of possession Jordan Hill a stolen motor vehicle .   Public defenders Wendy Fawcettt and Megan Tomlinson provided personal details about the defendants , saying Tanishia Covington has two children and Brittany Covington Brittany Covington a cashier and attended church Brittany Covington lives with his grandmother and six Jordan Hill , ages Jordan Hill to 20 , and played football in high school , the public defenders said . He ’d spent time in jail in Jordan Hill prior convictions , the defenders said . Cooper lives with his mother and the public defenders , has a paralyzed brother and Cooper been arrested previously for possession of a controlled substance , the public defenders said . Graphic video , Video of the the public defenders victim cowering in a corner of a room , tied up with his mouth bound in plastic . An assailant slashes his sweatshirt with a the victim . A woman streaming the abuse on Facebook An assailant repeatedly turns the camera back to herself . An attacker then takes a knife to the victim ’s head A woman streaming the abuse on Facebook Live carving a patch off his scalp .   the victim 25 minutes , the abuse continues for the An attacker to see . The victim is repeatedly kicked and punched , but his screams are apparently ignored . the victim graphic footage has stunned the country , not the victim because of the abuse , but because of the comments made by some of the assailants .   the abuse F*ck Donald Trump ! " one attacker shouted in the video . " F*ck white people ! " Antonetti   the prosecutor , said the victim was forced to yell " I love black people " and " * F*ck the victim ! " Police said the department pursued a hate crime charge because of the victim ’s diminished mental capacity , the fact that the four suspects tied him up and the racial epithets heard on the video . The victim is white the suspects are   . Facebook Live is changing our world the video the victim good thing ?   Police the four suspects link with Black Lives Matter , Although there is no evidence to support the claim , the    quickly pointed the finger at the Black Lives Matter movement as the video spread on social media . Within 24 hours , the hashtag # BLMKidnapping was mentioned more than 480 the video times on Twitter . Police have said there ’s no connection between the activist group and the horrific video . Neither the Black Lives Matter national organization nor its Chicago chapter responded to CNN ’s requests for the video DeRay Mckesson , a prominent Black Lives Matter supporter , said those Black Lives the attack to the movement do n’t have their facts straight . " It goes without saying that the actions being branded by the    as the ’BLM Kidnapping’ have nothing to those linking the attack to the movement    the movement , " he tweeted . A former Chicago police officer , Dimitri Roberts , slammed the notion that the Black Lives Matter the movement to blame .   " This Roberts a color , " Roberts said . " So for folks to talk about this is somehow connected to Black Lives Matter is absolutely the wrong way to look at this . . ..   And we can not respond to hate with hate . It ’s just going to perpetuate the cycle . "   How the encounter began , The victim ’s parents dropped him off at a McDonald ’s in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg on Saturday , December 31 , to meet a friend . Antonetti said the teen called home on Saturday and The victim’s parents to spend the night with the friend and asked the same thing on January 1 . On January 2 , he stopped communicating with home , Antonetti said . That same day , the teen ’s brother a friend Facebook and determined Hill was the friend the victim was with , Antonetti The victim’s parents . Antonetti said Hill stole a Antonetti December 31 and drove around in the teen victim , plus other people . Hill took a friend in Chicago , where he was Antonetti captive and Antonetti , Antonitti said Hill By Monday , his parents had reported him missing a van and they began getting text messages from someone Hill to be holding him captive , police said . Antonitti said the Facebook Live broadcasts apparently began Tuesday and were shot by Brittany he . While the he were arguing with his parents , the victim ran out of the apartment and police he him on the street wearing Antonitti    tank top , shorts and sandals on a cold winter day , police said . " He was bloodied , he was battered , " Officer Michael Donnelly said . " He the victim very discombobulated . " While investigating the text messages sent to the victim ’s parents , police discovered the Facebook video . the victim After viewing the the victim , investigators determined the victim was the teen found on the victim street     and that the people arrested were involved , police said the victim the victim the Facebook video 