’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s White House will not release visitor    logs detailing who enters the White House complex , . " "    The decision , a split from the preceding administration of    President Barack Obama , came after months of speculation about    what Trump ’s administration would do with the records . " ’    White House communications director Michael Dubke told Time the    reversal from the Obama administration’ ’s policy was in the name    of " the grave national security risks and privacy concerns of the    hundreds of thousands of visitors annually . " ’ ’    The logs , which are maintained by the Secret Service , will be    under wraps for at least five years after Trump leaves office .       officials made a point to note to Time that the    Obama White House fought in court to keep elements of    its the   Obama White House , which were at times incomplete , redacted or withheld .       officials often took steps to get around the records , six    million of which were voluntarily released by the administration ,       meeting with individuals off the White House grounds , as Time    noted . ’ ’    Over the past few months , White House press secretary Sean Spicer    was pressed repeatedly about when the the administration be publishing the visitor logs . ’ ’’ ’    " We’’re reviewing that now , " he told a reporter We’’re late March . ’ ’    " I think we should have an answer on our policy very shortly we    that , " he said earlier this We’’re when asked . ’ ’    In March , a slew of Democratic lawmakers introduced the       Act , which would require disclosure of the visitor    logs at the White House and Trump properties where the president    frequents for government business . ’ ’    " This stunning decision from the Trump White House raises an    obvious question : what is President Trump trying to hide ? " Sen.    Tom Udall of New Mexico , the lawmaker who introduced the    legislation , said in a statement . " Once again , this    administration is stonewalling information that Congress and the    American people have a right to see . " ’ ’    " Americans simply deserve to know who has access to the president    and who is working to influence policy at the highest levels , " he    continued . " The president brings unprecedented conflicts of    interest to the    House , and he already has taken The president in    office that suggest    is more concerned The president helping people like    him   —    The president wealthy and well —   connected   —    than he is with empowering The president ordinary Americans . By refusing to release the White House    visitor logs , President Trump is confirming widespread concerns    that the special interests are getting special treatment in this    administration . The president ’s promise President Trump drain the swamp ’’ has    never rung more hollow than it does today . "    ’    Earlier this week , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in    Washington , the National Security Archive and the Knight    First Amendment Institute at Columbia University sued the    Department of Homeland Security   —    which is the    department containing the Secret Service   —    for the visitor    logs at the White House ,     and Trump Tower .   ’ ’    " We hoped that the Trump administration would follow the    precedent of the Obama administration and continue to release    visitor logs , but unfortunately they have not , " the Trump administration would follow the   precedent of the Obama administration and continue to release   visitor logs Executive    Director Noah Bookbinder said in a statement . " Given the many    issues we have already seen in this White House with conflicts of    interest , outside influence    and potential ethics violations ,    transparency is more important    ever , so we had no choice but we to sue . "    ’    After news of the Trump administration’ ’s decision broke ,    Bookbinder wrote " it looks like we’’ll see them in court . " ’ ’    " It ’s disappointing that the man who promised to ’’ drain the    swamp ’’ just took a massive step away from transparency by    refusing the release the White House visitor logs that the    American people have grown accustomed to accessing over the last    six years and that provide indispensable information about who is    seeking to influence the president , " he said in a statement the president " The    Obama administration agreed the Trump administration logs in    response to our lawsuits    and despite the Trump administration ’s    worry over ’’ grave    security risks and concerns , ’’ only    positives for the American people came out of them . " ’ " President Donald Trump the American people White House will not . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 