PARIS   —    The French authorities on Thursday identified a second man who stormed a church in Normandy and killed an     priest as he celebrated Mass. The PARIS prosecutor ’s office identified a second man who stormed a church in Normandy and killed an    priest as he celebrated Mass. as    Nabil Petitjean , 19 . It The Paris prosecutor’s office not clear how he he the other killer , Adel Kermiche , also 19 , who lived near the church , the Église St.   in St.     a    suburb of Rouen . Both the other killer, Adel Kermiche, also 19, who lived near the church, the Église St.  in St.    a   suburb of Rouen of Algerian ancestry . They the other killer, Adel Kermiche, also 19, who lived near the church, the Église St.  in St.    a   suburb of Rouen shot dead by the police after the assault on the church on Tuesday , which also left an     parishioner severely wounded he an    parishioner severely wounded in stable condition . The Islamic State released videos on Wednesday in which the two young men pledged allegiance to the terrorist group before the assault , which killed the Rev. Jacques Hamel . Mr. Petitjean was born in St.     in Lorraine in northeastern France , but grew up in     in the southeast . He Mr. Petitjean a high school there , the Lycée Marlioz , and his Mr. Petitjean lives in Montluçon , a town in central France , north of   . Mr. Petitjean flew to Turkey on June 10 but was stopped at the airport , before he Mr. Petitjean the    desk , when he Mr. Petitjean seen talking with someone who was on the    list , according to a Turkish official who spoke on condition of anonymity . He Mr. Petitjean Turkey Turkey next day , and was placed on a blacklist , as a precaution , the following week , and the French authorities were immediately notified , the a Turkish official who spoke on condition of anonymity . The Paris prosecutor ’s office said on Thursday that Mr. Petitjean came to the attention of the police on June 29 . On July 22   —    four days before the attack   —    a foreign intelligence agency sent his picture Mr. Petitjean French intelligence services , but without a name or description , the office ’s office Interviewed by French reporters , French Petitjean ’s mother , who was identified by news agencies as Yamina Boukessoula , expressed astonishment . She said he Mr. Petitjean last Mr. Petitjean to her early this Mr. Petitjean . She said : Mr. Petitjean He said , Mr. Petitjean Do n’t Mr. Petitjean , get some sleep , everything is O. K.’ He had a Mr. Petitjean voice . He sounded well Mr. Petitjean It was n’t worrisome . He has friends Mr. Petitjean like everyone else . " The mother told reporters , " Daesh is not part of his language , Daesh using an Arabic acronym for the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL . She said that The mother son had The mother visiting a cousin in northeastern France and that she had no The mother how he had ended her son in St.     the town in Normandy where the attack occurred , although he appeared to her son relatives in Normandy . " Normandy was a good mother , " she said . The mother I was always there for my children , maybe even too much . Malik does n’t have psychological problems . He ’s like Malik     with ambition , with plans . He ’s smart Malik " Mr. Kermiche had been detained for nearly 10 months after trying , twice , to enter Syria , but he was released Mr. Kermiche March over the objections of prosecutors . He was made Mr. Kermiche wear an electronic ankle bracelet , forbidden to leave his local department Mr. Kermiche    required to report to a probation officer once a week and ordered to live in his parents’ house Mr. Kermiche He was allowed Mr. Kermiche movement from 8:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m. on weekdays the attack on the church occurred at 9:25 a. m. The killing of the priest has elicited condemnation worldwide . On Thursday , the French Council of the Muslim Faith urged Muslims to attend Mass on Sunday morning , to " again express solidarity with and compassion for our Christian brothers . " President François Hollande has again found himself confronting the President François Hollande of Islamic State terrorism Mr. Hollande rampage in Nice , on the evening of July 14 , Bastille Day , which killed 84 people , followed by the attack on the church in Normandy just 12 days later   —    as the nation ’s mood has increasingly turned somber . On Thursday morning , Mr. Hollande met with lawmakers to discuss the possibility of establishing a National Guard of volunteer reservists , including retired gendarmes , to help protect the nation . The plan , the nation’s first floated in November , Mr. Hollande is not meant to replace public forces , but to back them up and reinforce them , " public forces Hollande said at public forces ceremony Mr. Hollande a highway in southwestern France . Mr. Hollande ’s government declared a state of emergency in November . It was extended after the attack November Nice Mr. Hollande’s government giving the police and prosecutors expanded powers . But he has resisted calls by political rivals Mr. Hollande including former President Nicolas Sarkozy and the leader of the    National Front , Marine Le Pen , for even more drastic constitutional and legal changes . On Thursday , Mr. Hollande reacted angrily to a comment Mr. Hollande earlier by Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president of the United States , who , in response to the killing of the priest , said that " France is no longer France . " Mr. Hollande retorted : " France France always Mr. Hollande . It never gives up France because it still France ideals France values , principles that are France worldwide , and it ’s when you lower your standards that you are France longer what you are . That ’s something that may happen to others , on the other side of the Atlantic . " 
 