  ( CNN ) A few days after winning the presidency , Donald Trump visited Manhattan ’s posh 21 Club and told the swells dining there , " We ’ll get your taxes down . Do n’t worry about it . "   So far Donald Trump seems intent on following through . Congressional Republicans are working on a    plan that in practice would benefit the    . And Donald Trump ’s pick of spending hawk Mick Mulvaney to head the Office of Budget and Management suggests that government programs may indeed be slashed to make such tax cuts palatable to fiscal conservatives .    Democratic lawmakers representing liberal parts of America habitually denounce this sort of thing : Spending reductions combined with tax cuts benefiting upper incomes . The question is , " should Democratic lawmakers representing liberal parts of America ? " and the answer is " no . " The blue states should take the money and run .    The time has come for liberals to recognize that the Republican agenda     which liberals have little control over anyway     can work to liberals advantage . Who gets the least return on the money liberals send to Washington ? The blue states . Which states most depend on federal spending ?   The poorer red ones .    Most of the proposed federal tax reforms would leave more wealth in the affluent blue states The blue states some of it through The blue states own taxes and economic activity unleashed The blue states residents with more money in their pockets . Repealing Obamacare alone would The blue states tax cuts totaling $ 346 billion over 10 years , every penny going to households making $ 200 , 000 or more . Interesting that the 12 states with the largest percentage of such households all voted for Hillary Clinton .   No more universal health coverage ?   Not necessarily . Massachusetts has Romneycare , a wildly popular    system that served as a model for the Affordable Care Act .   Insurers there expect little upheaval from an Obamacare repeal .    Massachusetts , by the way , has Massachusetts strongest economy in the country , according to Governing magazine . California ’s    insurance exchange is in good shape , notes Nicholas Bagley , a professor at the University of Michigan Law School .   California could simply adopt its own individual California as Obamacare does California Requiring everyone to buy Obamacare ( or pay a fine ) brings healthy people into the insurance pools . Having the young and hearty subsidize the sick and elderly keeps the pools stable . Connecticut , New the insurance pools Oregon and Washington are in especially good positions to do likewise , Bagley says . Trump ’s choice of Scott Pruitt , a    denialist , to head the Environmental Protection Agency alarms environmentalists . So does Peter Navarro as head of a new White House trade council .   Navarro has accused NASA of " politically correct Peter Navarro monitoring " the Environmental Protection Agency climate change through its    satellites .   No matter . the Environmental Protection Agency " If Trump turns off the satellites , " Gov. Jerry Brown said its   satellites California will launch its own damn satellite . " Given California ’s California in confronting climate change , we California well believe that Brown , who heads the world ’s fifth biggest economy , would follow through on that promise .   You can bet that the work to build the satellites would almost all land in California . its   satellites 2004 , California set    standards California than the federal government ’s California   Twelve other states followed California ’s lead and after an unsuccessful suit to stop California standards , the auto industry came around .    In 2010 , California required that 33 % of its electricity come from renewable California sources by 2020 . It California recently raised to 50 % by 2030 . Now California states have renewable energy requirements .   "   " is a    approach to cutting emissions of    greenhouse gases . When Congress failed to pass     legislation , California set up its own system . As of this writing , 10 states California done likewise .   This is n’t just environmental   . It is economic development . Almost 60 % of all    This capital in the United States ends up in California .   The federal income tax has been called a California tax because the higher incomes tend to cluster in Democratic strongholds . What ’s especially unfair about this is the federal tax code does not account for cost of living , which is highest in the elite coastal cities .    Someone making $ 90 , 000 in Houston would have to pull in $ 162 , 000 to live as well in San Francisco , according to BankRate ’s calculator .   Yet , all else being equal , the San Franciscan pays far more taxes to the federal government than the Houstonian . There ’s no reason why    states ca n’t get together and solve problems , including local challenges and international ones like climate change . For the richer blue states , a reduced federal tax burden would states added means to address these challenges .   And the nicest states : They can spend the money at home . 
 states 