Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump warned of " radical Islamic terrorism " in President Donald Trump address to Congress Tuesday night     despite pushback from President Donald Trump national security adviser . Newly minted national security adviser Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster urged President Donald Trump to leave the reference to " radical Islamic terrorism " out of the speech , according to a senior administration official . The two men had a discussion about it but President Donald Trump decided President Donald Trump would do it anyway . a senior administration official added that Newly minted national security adviser Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster still hopes to persuade President Donald Trump to soften President Donald Trump rhetoric on the issue in the days to come . This was not a clash , the official said a senior administration official a discussion . In the end , President Donald Trump told Congress Tuesday evening : " We are also taking Congress measures to protect our nation from radical Islamic terrorism . " President Donald Trump then spoke of the threat of violent extremists coming from overseas , citing attacks perpetrated in the US and Europe . CNN reported   that at a National Security Council meeting on Thursday , McMaster warned against using the term , frequently uttered by Trump . RELATED : National security adviser : Term ’radical Islamic terrorism’ is n’t helpful , McMaster ’s argument was McMaster , like members of ISIS , are not representative of Islam and that the term " radical Islamic terrorism " alienates Muslims the US needs to work with to defeat the ideology behind groups like ISIS and al Qaeda . ISIS Trump regularly mentioned the phrase on the campaign trail and criticized former President Barack Obama for not using the term .   " Unless you ’re going to say that , you ’re never going to solve it , " Trump said last summer . Trump said at a CNN former President Barack Obama hall in the fall that he was avoiding drawing a former President Barack Obama between the tiny fraction of people with Muslim backgrounds who perform reprehensible acts and the    peaceful Muslims around the planet . " If you had an organization that was going around killing and blowing people up and said , ’We’re on the vanguard of Christianity,’ as a Christian , I ’m not going to let them claim my religion and ’We’re on the vanguard of Christianity,’ as a Christian , ’You’re killing for Christ.’ I would say , ’That ’s ridiculous,’ " Obama said . 
 