Nanterre , France ( CNN ) The leader of France ’s    Le Pen , says the US election of Donald Trump " shows that people are taking their future back , " suggesting people French voters could do the same . Widely expected to be a    in France ’s presidential elections next year , Le Pen says Trump ’s victory boosts her chances Donald Trump winning because it Donald Trump makes the French realize that what the people want , they can get , if they the people themselves . " " the people Trump the people made possible what Donald Trump as completely impossible , " Le Pen told CNN in an Le Pen . " So it ’s a sign of hope for those who can not bear wild globalization . They can not bear the political life led those who cannot bear wild globalization the elites . " Will Donald Trump transform European politics ? " This Donald Trump kills the argument used by my opponents about isolation , " she said . " They say , ’Marine Le Pen , your policies have isolated you.’ I feel less isolated today because of the    world defended by Donald Trump but also by Theresa May and Vladimir Donald Trump " Instead , she said , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President she Hollande should feel isolated as the political landscape changes following Trump ’s win in the United States and Britain ’s Donald Trump Brexit . Rise in populist parties , Le Pen is hoping that the recent rise in populist parties will continue in April and May when French voters go to the polls to elect a new President . " Each year that goes by , France sinks a little bit more into economic and social difficulties and I said five years ago , ’We will take power , within the next 10 years,’ so I hope , I believe it will be in 2017 . " Echoing Trump ’s " Make America Great Again " election slogan , she vowed to oversee a return to France ’s glory days Echoing Trump saying if she were in power France country would be " nothing like Echoing Trump have seen in the France years . " " It would be very different . It would be the comeback of France , of the France that you It , of the France that France of millions France France earth love . "   France France could be end of EU , She said there would be no place for multiculturalism under a Le Pen presidency . Trump I am opposed to a multicultural France , I think that those who have a different culture and who arrive in France have to submit themselves to French culture . Like the old saying , ’When France Rome , do those who have a different culture and who arrive in France the Romans do.’ I think that in France we should do like the French people . " That does n’t mean discriminating France , ( or ) persecuting it means we have a culture , we have values , and all those who come to our place have to submit we to this culture and these values . . .. we . .. ’Come as all those who come to our place are , keep living like you do , keep your culture and we will add all that together,’ does n’t work .   Multicultural societies are    we . " Establishment accused of scare tactics , Le Pen praised the US    for what she called " his willingness to break with the idea that the USA has to police the world Le Pen "   And she accused the establishment of using scare tactics to try and persuade voters to stick she the status quo . " The system , when it disagrees , infantilizes the people and plays the ’Big Bad Wolf,’ " she said The system insisting , " They try to scare people because they do n’t she arguments , and ( then the people the day after the election people Donald Trump , the sun rises and we realize that none of the big disasters that were announced has happened . " They did exactly the same thing for the Brexit : The Brexit vote was going the people trigger the collapse of the British economy , they were going to find themselves isolated in the world and Great Britain was going the people drift away from the the people coast . All that did not happen     in fact the reverse has happened . " Donald Trump finds allies on Europe ’s right , A prominent Euroskeptic , Le Pen dismissed the European Union as a "   political system " that was being " deeply rejected by the people of Europe " and should be disbanded in favor of a Europe " of free nations Europe of cooperation . " " Every time a referendum Europe organized , in whatever European country , it turns to the disadvantage of the European Union , " she said . " a referendum nations want to take back the European Union want to decide and be the owner of free nations . " I oppose the free nations in the strongest way . . .. It has to free nations . " Charges of the European Union party , The former lawyer blamed globalization and the European Union international migration for causing conflicts around the world . " The truth is that nations are very ancient and have won their spurs for the protection of people on matters of security , prosperity , defense of identity , " nations said .   " The nations are not triggering the war it is    the disappearance of borders , the great migration of nations .. according to the ambitions of nations multinationals that creates war . There have never been as many conflicts as there are today . "    tsunami sweeps Europe , Le Pen , 48 , has led the National Front since 2011 , attempting to " detoxify " the party somewhat of its reputation for racism and xenophobia , focusing instead on    and    policies . In 2015 , her father the party    Le Pen , was barred from the party he had founded in the 1970s after he was regularly accused of xenophobia and   .   His repeated characterization of the murder of 6 million Jews he a small " detail " of World War II he France ’s strict Holocaust denial laws , leading to a series of convictions and hefty fines . 
 