Following Sen. Ted Cruz ’s " voterless victory " in Colorado , Donald Trump ’s senior policy advisor Stephen Miller called on Sen. Ted Cruz to demand an election in Colorado . [ " Sen. Ted Cruz should be demanding an election in Colorado if Sen. Ted Cruz really is a man of the people , " senior policy advisor Stephen Miller said in a Fox Business interview Monday morning . senior policy advisor Stephen Miller explained that the lack of a primary means Colorado soldiers , who fought to give Iraqis the right to vote , could not vote in Iraqis own home state for Iraqis desired presidential candidate .   " Cruz performs better with party insiders . Trump preforms better with voters , " senior policy advisor Stephen Miller said in a separate Monday morning Fox News interview . senior policy advisor Stephen Miller pointed out that Cruz has " only won three primaries outside of senior policy advisor Stephen Miller home state . Cruz does n’t win with voters , Cruz wins with insiders . " senior policy advisor Stephen Miller said that " one of the big media myths I would like to bust " is that " Cruz is n’t winning more delegates because of a superior organization . Cruz is winning more delegates because of inferior ideas . In other words , Trump is challenging forty years of failed orthodoxy on trade and immigration , so Trump threatens established interests . Cruz does n’t , " senior policy advisor Stephen Miller said . " Cruz is a demagogic supporter of cheaper goods are always better : if China can devalue their currency and bring something in cheaper , that ’s good , " senior policy advisor Stephen Miller said on Fox Business , referring to Cruz Cruz of opposing efforts to crack down on Chinese currency cheating and support for globalist trade pacts . senior policy advisor Stephen Miller says : You have Ted Cruz who styles himself —   I guess , more recently —    as a man of the people , crowing about a delegate win in the state that canceled   —    I repeat , canceled   —    its election    There was not an election in Colorado    …      Just to give a sense of the magnitude of this . Think of this as this example   —    let ’s say that you are a soldier in Colorado , Colorado served overseas in Iraq to provide Iraq with Iraq safe and secure election   —    remember everyone with the purple fingers a few years back . That same soldier , let ’s say ’s returns That same soldier Colorado having Colorado    Iraqis an election , that soldier That same soldier ca n’t vote for That same soldier she wants to be her That same soldier . Cruz should That same soldier demanding an election in Colorado if Colorado    really is a man Cruz the people . Miller noted that one of Cruz key questions worth asking is " Should there be an election ? Should one person have one vote ? The Trump campaign says yes . The Cruz campaign says no The Trump campaign said . In the Cruz News interview , Miller also said that : Cruz in four delegates are chosen by the party , so they ’re going to tend to favor Three in four delegates Cruz . Are we Cruz fight for every delegate ? Of course we are , but Cruz is n’t winning we delegates Cruz of superior organization , Cruz Three in four delegates with party insiders Cruz Trump preforms better with voters . Cruz has only won   — Cruz in the entire country   —    two primaries outside his home region . He won Cruz [ and ] Cruz in his home region and only two Cruz primaries outside his home region   —    Cruz three primaries outside his home state . Cruz does Cruz win with voters Cruz Cruz wins with insiders . 
 Cruz 