’   ’ ’    There is something extremely Donald Trump about holding a    celebration in the White House Rose Garden to mark the passage of    a bill just through one house of Congress   —    especially when that    bill faces considerable hurdles before   bill can become law , and    especially when   bill is very unpopular . ’ "    Republicans in the House voted to pass the American Health Care    Act despite not knowing what the   bill do . They say the American Health Care   Act    the American Health Care   Act n’t wait for a Congressional Budget Office study because they    the American Health Care   Act    put much stock in CBO ’s estimates of costs or coverage    levels   —    but it ’s not like they have their own they study    they relied they . " "    They just they n’t care . They know they bill cuts taxes on rich    people . Those are the important numbers . " ’    The specific effects of this piece of legislation may not matter    much anyway , since Republican senators say they will Republican senators out    the House bill and write their own Republican senators And the Senate the House bill almost surely be very different from the House bill . the House bill Several Republican senators , including Shelley Capito of West    Virginia , Tom Cotton of Arkansas , Cory Gardner of Colorado , Dean    Heller of Nevada , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , and Rob Portman of    Ohio , have expressed concern about how the loss of the Medicaid    expansion would affect their states . Four of these the Medicaid   expansion wrote    a letter the Medicaid   expansion leader Mitch McConnell   would have to provide " stability for    Medicaid expansion populations . " ’ ’    Murkowski and Susan Collins of Maine have also expressed great    concern about whether this bill sufficiently subsidizes insurance    for    people in high cost areas . Insurance premiums are    very high in Alaska ; the House bill would provide flat subsidies this bill for area costs , that would make    unaffordable    for many in the state . ’ "    These two issues Alaska little attention in the House ;    addressing the senators’ concerns on them could add a lot of    costs . Murkowski These two issues Collins also support continued funding       Planned Parenthood , which is stripped in the House bill . " "    Whether a health care bill ever reaches Trump ’s desk will depend    on whether House Freedom Caucus conservatives , who yanked the    House bill to the right , will be a health care bill ( and vote for )    the Senate ’s likely approach to health care . " ’   ’ "    I am skeptical . If they ’re prepared to roll over and accept a    bill whose approach will be blessed by Susan Collins , what was    the point of their blocking the previous version of this bill in    March ? " they    If they wo n’t roll over , we ’re likely to end up in they situation    where both the House and the Senate succeed in passing a health    care bill , but they ca n’t combine it into a single bill both    houses can they on . " a health   care bill    The most important political effect of Thursday ’s vote may then    be that nearly the entire House Republican conference is now on    the record for the proposition that health insurers should be    able to charge patients more if they have preexisting health    conditions    " "    In fairness to health insurers , that ’s how most insurance products    are priced : If your house is located on the oceanfront , you ’re    going to pay more for coverage against hurricanes . But the       unpopularity of medical underwriting ( that is , the    practice of charging people more if they ’ve had cancer , etc . )    reflects a public consensus people health risks are different from    other kinds of risks ; that the financial costs associated with    them are appropriately pooled across the population instead of    stuck disproportionately on people people most likely to need    medical care    " "    Being at elevated risk for cancer is misfortune enough ; it    should n’t also come with the obligation to pay a whole elevated risk for cancer of    extra insurance premiums . " ’    Republicans have claimed to believe in this principle . Part of    the reason I believed this bill would not pass the House is that    so many Republicans insisted , very publicly , that they would       any bill they vote for would align with this so many Republicans .    "    Preexisting so many Republicans coverage is a visceral issue this principle House    Republicans will have to defend themselves in next year ’s    elections to an electorate that really does n’t House   Republicans the stance    they have taken . And they ’ll have to justify their choice to    party in the Rose Garden they a very unpopular president they    after they voted to do so . " ’There is something extremely Donald Trump about they .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 