  ( CNN ) Actor and activist George Takei recalls the day  (CNN) Actor and activist George Takei life changed forever . " I remember  (CNN) Actor and activist George Takei as a     boy gazing out of the front window of our living room , " George Takei said at a preview of an exhibit at the Japanese American National Museum in Los Angeles . " I saw two soldiers marching up our driveway . two soldiers carried rifles with shiny bayonets on two soldiers . " George Takei remembers being put on a rail car with other   . George Takei was incarcerated with George Takei family at the camps near Rohwer , Arkansas , and Tule Lake , California . " I remember the barbed wire fences that confined us , " George Takei said . " I remember the tall sentry towers , with the guns pointed down at us . I remember the searchlights that followed me when I made the night runs from us barrack to the latrine . " Sunday marks the 75th anniversary of a dark chapter in American history     a moment when the country denied residents civil liberties , based solely on race and nationality . On February 19 , 1942 , President Franklin Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 , following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in World War II . " Executive Order 9066 profoundly changed the lives of 120 , 000 people , " Takei said . " I was one of them . " The order Executive Order 9066 way for the forced removal and incarceration of people of Japanese descent ,    of them US citizens them They were sent them remote prison camps and lost their homes , them and possessions . Anyone who had    Japanese ancestry was ordered into a camp . Exhibit reflects on executive order , The museum ’s Exhibit in history . " Instructions to All Persons : Reflections on Executive Order 9066 " runs through August 13 . The exhibit includes the original    Exhibit Roosevelt ’s signature , on loan from the National Archives . It will be on display for the first time on the West Coast .   " This year ’s Day of Remembrance commemorates the 75th anniversary of this historic miscarriage of justice , recognizing its continued relevance in today ’s political climate and supporting civil and human rights for all , " the museum says on its website . Read a CNN producer its personal story , The government called the mass arrests and imprisonment " internment "     but the word does not capture the extent of the horror inflicted on them . Joyce    82 , bristles at the word " internment . " She was 7 when she was rounded up with her family She   " We were She and put into a concentration camp , "    said . " ’Incarceration’ or ’imprisonment’ is better ( to describe it ) . ’Internment’ is a euphemistic word promoted by the government to make it seem less harsh . " Pat Sakamoto , 72 , was born at the Manzanar War Relocation Center , where her mother and toddler sister were imprisoned She the war . Sakamoto ’s father , born in the United States , refused to sign a loyalty pledge to his country that was forcing him into Sakamoto camp , so he Sakamoto deported to Japan , a Sakamoto he had never visited . " My Sakamoto never had contact with him again , so I never met Sakamoto biological father , " says Sakamoto . She said she stayed at Sakamoto’s camp My mother November My mother . President a camp signed legislation in 1988 that paid reparations to the    who were imprisoned . The legislation apologized for the government action , legislation in 1988 that paid reparations to the   who were imprisoned was based on " race prejudice , war legislation in 1988 that paid reparations to the   who were imprisoned , and a failure of political leadership . " Troubled by Trump ’s Policy , Sakamoto and others say they are troubled by President Donald Trump ’s executive Sakamoto and others on immigration , signed last month , that temporarily barred citizens from seven    countries from entering the United States . The president is vowing to roll out a new executive order next week that will be tailored to a federal court decision that blocked his travel ban . " In some way , The president is repeating itself , " Sakamoto said . " I ’m fearful for a lot of the Latinos and Muslims , because they are being sent back . It is because a lot of the Latinos and Muslims what we look like     you could tell us from the white population . "    agreed we   " It is absolutely wrong and against the Constitution to target one group of people and pass certain laws against that group , "    said . Takei said one group of people executive order " had the same animus and prejudice and ignorance " as the one signed by Roosevelt in 1942 . " But it is a different America today , " Takei added after noting the mass protests sparked by Trump Takei order . " I never thought I ’d Trump’s any political thing but I feel I need to say something now , " said Sakamoto . " My mother did what she was told to do . It makes me sad she My mother n’t express how she felt . I need to My mother my mother ’s voice My mother " 
 