’’ ’Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are now looking toward the general election ,   than ever now that ’Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have all but dispatched of ’Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump primary challengers.’ ’But while Donald Trump has benefited from Donald Trump    mudslinging , Donald Trump opponents have had a hard time matching Donald Trump bombastic style without getting dragged down into the mud themselves.’ ’"It’ ’s important that Clinton lays out a contrast that shows why you shouldn’’t vote for Clinton opponent , " Ben LaBolt , a veteran Democratic strategist who worked on President Barack Obama’ ’s two presidential campaigns , told Business Insider.’ ’"The trap is to jump at the tabloid headlines that Donald Trump is trying to drive every day , " Donald Trump added.’ " To that end , Clinton on Thursday delivered a blistering    speech in California , attacking Donald Trump competency to serve as the nation ’s commander in chief and blasting his the nation’s commander in chief positions . It was the latest in a line of       of the Republican presidential nominee . " ’"It’ ’s very challenging for Hillary to make a good    argument against Trump , " Ian Bremmer , a geopolitical expert and president of the Eurasia Group , told Business Insider in an email after Clinton’ ’s Thursday address.’ ’"Most of what he’ ’s arguing for is completely implausible ( nukes for Japan ; a trade war with China ) ; some is unconstitutional ( a Muslim ban , sending back immigrants ) . But he’ he’ not in any way being punished for his he’ agenda . " ’ ’Clinton tried to rectify that on Thursday   —    she ’ ’Clinton after Trump harder than ever before with zingers like this one : " He ’ ’Clinton he ’ ’Clinton    experience because he ’ ’Clinton the Miss Universe pageant in Russia . " But it remains to be seen whether she ’ ’Clinton command the kind of attention that Trump Trump with his Trump attacks on his Trump ’Trump packed rallies during primary season and locked down the Republican nomination while mounting vicious attacks on other candidates . He Trump up with simplistic nicknames for those running against him Trump like Sens . Ted Cruz ( " Lyin ’’ Ted " ) and Marco Rubio ( " Little Marco " ) . And he Trump news coverage with    outrageous pronouncements.’ " When one of his Trump , Rubio , tried to beat Trump at his Trump game , he Trump his Trump beyond repair . After weathering repeated personal attacks from Trump Trump on Rubio offensive ,   during a rally in February . But it did n’t help him at the Trump   —    he lost even Trump home state Trump Florida weeks later   —    and he has since Trump " " Stephanie Cutter , a political consultant who was Obama ’s deputy campaign manager in 2012 , advised hitting back at Trump , but carefully . " ’"I don’’t think it’ ’s possible to stay out of the fray , " Cutter said at a panel discussion at The Common Good Forum in New York recently . " . .. I don’’t think you don’’t to bite back in the same way , but I think that there’ ’s a lot of ground that hasn’’t been covered on Donald Trump . Trump " Clinton has acknowledged that while she ’s looking forward Clinton running against Trump in the general Trump , she ca n’t sink Clinton his level . " Clinton , I don’’t think it’ ’s as fraught with complexity as some people are suggesting , " she told New York Clinton . " I think the trap is not to get drawn in on his terms . We saw what happened to those Republicans who tried . " ’ ’’ ’Cutter said the differences between Trump and Clinton will become apparent during the general election.’ ’"We’’re in a general election , " Cutter said . " We’’re talking about a different set of voters " compared to the primary contests that help decide the party nominees.’ ’"Now you’’re talking about roughly 6 % of the vote you’’re going after , you’’re we call ’’ persuadables . ’’ Do they want to be hearing about Vince Foster ? " she continued , referring Vince Foster the former White House counsel in    Bill Clinton’ ’s administration.’ ’Trump has recently mounted attacks centered on Foster , who committed suicide in 1993 and whose death has been the subject of numerous .’ " Clinton ’s strategy to tear down Trump will likely be centered largely on economic issues , considering that the    mogul emphasizes his business background as the   mogul he ’d be a the   mogul negotiator for the US . And economic issues are likely to be especially relevant this election cycle   —    that economic growth is the top issue voters think the federal government should address . " ’"Donald Trump is running on his record as what Trump says is a Trump businessman , so the Clinton campaign is actually taking a look at that record and the his record surprising , " LaBolt said . " I think one thing they found is rampant fraud . " ’ ’"This is somebody who ran what he called a ’’ Trump ’’ that handed out nothing more than PowerPoint presentations and a participation certificate that didn’’t look anything like a degree after a couple of days in a conference room , " LaBolt said of the .’ LaBolt   accusing Trump of " trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people ’Clinton   Trump U. " ’ ’And Trump campaign press secretary , Brian Fallon ,   that Trump University was " devastating " because it’ ’s a " metaphor for his whole campaign : promising her campaign press secretary, Brian Fallon,  that Trump University was "devastating" because it’ Americans [ a ] way to get ahead , but all based on lies . " ’ " Cutter detailed other issues surrounding Trump ’s business background that Trump thinks should be investigated her " " Democrats seem to be rallying behind Clinton in her attacks on Trump ’s her record . Trump’s Obama on Wednesday delivered a speech in Indiana that served . Obama excoriated Trump ’s proposals and Obama Trump Trump’s recovery in Indiana , making the case that a Indiana in the White House will keep the country on a path to prosperity . " ’And the Democratic National Committee   called " taxesbytrump . com , " which plays on the fact that Trump hasn’’t yet released his tax returns . Whenever users attempt Trump hasn’’t click on a large red " see returns " box , it zips away from the cursor.’ ’"This is somebody who multiple times   and still won’’t release his returns , " LaBolt said of ’"This . " . .. So obviously that suggests he’’d set up an economic system that would be rigged for him . " ’ ’Trump’ ’s campaign he’’d Corey Lewandowski   that Trump seeks to " pay the smallest Trump of taxes possible , " arguing that " that’ ’s the mindset you want to bring to the government . " And for his part , Trump has   for    people.’ " Trump is also likely to continue to hit Trump on national security and foreign policy Trump with her speech Thursday serving as the latest Clinton in her argument that she ’s more suited Clinton the job Clinton commander in chief . " ’Trump , in contrast , spent much of a    rally raising the bar of his attacks on Clinton . The former secretary of state , he suggested ,   because of the his involving her use of a private email server.’ Clinton right , I said it , " he said . " She has to his to jail . Clinton ’ ’Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are now . Clinton ’ 
 