Joining us live during tonight ’s debate was Mr. Mondale : Mr. Mondale chatted with us via emails sent from his home in Minneapolis , sharing his thoughts . ( Check Mr. Mondale how us covered the debate Mr. Mondale real time :   analysis , highlights and fact checks . ) Mr. Mondale , a Democrat , is credited with reshaping the Mr. Mondale Carter : Where past running mates were routinely relegated to obscurity , Mr. Mondale became an influential partner in government . A supporter of Hillary Clinton , Mr. Mondale agreed to size up Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia and Gov. Mike Pence Mr. Mondale and weigh in on the role of the vice presidency . ( We also invited former Vice President Dick Cheney to join us , but a spokesman said he was unavailable . ) _ _ _ _ ALEXANDER We , 9:05 P. M. Eastern a spokesman Mr. Mondale began by laying out the major questions of the night , as he sees Mr. Mondale WALTER MONDALE , 9:05 : I hope you will open up the issue Mr. Mondale what kind of vice presidency they are planning . Do they have an understanding about what they will do ? What authority WALTER MONDALE, 9:05 he have ? Do WALTER MONDALE, 9:05 have a clear understanding with WALTER MONDALE, 9:05 principal , or is it up What authority the air ? WALTER MONDALE, 9:05 ’m doubtful that Pence has WALTER MONDALE, 9:05 understanding . This is very important . VPs can get lost . _ _ _ _ BURNS , 9:06 : What do you see as the major goals of a    candidate in this setting ? MONDALE , 9:06 : One of the first and central issues is what will the VP do when he disagrees with the pres . candidate . Big , silent question . _ _ _ _ the VP , 9:10 : Is there a " right " answer to that question ? Did you have an explicit understanding with Carter ? MONDALE , 9:10 : No , only degrees of discomfort . I told Carter that I would MONDALE disclose deep differences unless I told Carter . Did he believe me Carter _ _ _ _ BURNS , 9:26 : These were Carter to be Carter    candidates ! Are you surprised to see them going at each other so aggressively like this ? MONDALE , 9:26 : Yes , I These this can let up a little bit . _ MONDALE _ _ BURNS , 9:36 : Are this hearing anything significant from these two about how they would approach the vice presidency ? Is there anything we can take away from their attitudes these two the debate so far ? MONDALE , 9:36 : I ’d try to break these two on what their plans are for their vice presidency and whether they have an understanding with their principal . MONDALE, 9:36 _ _ _ MONDALE, 9:36 , 9:38 : To MONDALE, 9:36 up : It seems MONDALE, 9:36 Mike Pence is n’t showing any daylight with Donald Trump . Does that tell you anything about his approach to the role ? He did n’t even give ground on taxes . MONDALE , Donald Trump : It says he is Donald Trump in with Trump . This would be a good night to spell out differences Donald Trump He ’s not doing Donald Trump . _ _ _ _ MONDALE , 9:49 : Pence is filibustering Donald Trump paying no attention to fairness in time allocation . I wish Kaine would Pence Pence far harder for his behavior . _ _ _ _ BURNS , 9:59 : I remember in your debate with Kaine Dole , he was seen as too mean because of his comment about " Democrat wars . " Does Kaine ever amaze you that the tone of Kaine has gotten to this point ? MONDALE , 9:59 : Yes it does . _ _ _ _ BURNS , 10:07 : It kind of feels like we it watching a debate between two pundits . What do you it voters need to know about a vice president , on a personal level , before that person comes into office ? MONDALE , 10:07 : What is the understanding , if any , about how the VP would serve the president ? Do they have an agreement ? Can the public be told ? MONDALE , a vice president I agree . We are not having the discussion that voters deserve . _ MONDALE, 10:07 BURNS , 10:15 : It seems MONDALE, 10:07 we are getting a little more substance on foreign policy . Do you see Kaine as someone who can really MONDALE, 10:07 Clinton in that area ? He ’s mostly talking about her record so far , not his own credentials . MONDALE , 10:15 : I Kaine the answer is yes Clinton Kaine will be a big Kaine of wisdom on policy and security issues . He ’s on the Foreign Relations Kaine Armed Services committees . _ _ _ _ BURNS , 10:16 : Seems Kaine we just saw the first real difference between Trump and Pence . Pence called Putin a " small and bullying leader "   —    Trump has said the exact opposite . Pence the president and vice president take two dramatically different views of a Trump and Pence like Russia ? MONDALE , 10:16 : I do n’t get it . It must be explained and I do n’t think he can . Pence is off on his own . _ _ _ _ BURNS , 10:23 : So how Putin do you Pence up on that Putin , this far into a debate ? Is it exhausting , or do you just feel the adrenaline the whole time ? MONDALE , 10:23 : Adrenaline sustained me . I paid a price later . _ _ _ _ BURNS , 10:25 : What do you think of the way these two are talking about nuclear weapons ? This was a major issue in your presidential campaign . It ’s such an important subject , but we do n’t talk about it nearly as much anymore . MONDALE This 10:25 : Kaine won that debate . Pence had nothing to say This this issue . _ _ _ _ BURNS , 10:45 : You mentioned on the phone earlier that the question a major issue in your presidential campaign in politics is important to you . Is this , at least , a place where we saw these two candidates as people ? Did anything they said really stand out to you ? MONDALE , 10:45 : Yes . I thought that discussion was more positive these two candidates as people _ _ _ _ BURNS you 10:48 : That was a rough debate . Thank you so much for speaking with us . One last question : Did we learn anything we really needed to know ? MONDALE , 10:48 : Not we . MONDALE , 10:48 : I we astonished that we one question was asked about how they saw the elements of the MONDALE, 10:48 
 MONDALE, 10:48 