  ( CNN ) It ’s been one month since the historic US election , and Van Jones wants the country to come together . But first Van Jones wants to explain " The Messy Truth " about the political climate in the United States .   " The Messy Truth , " a special program hosted by Van Jones , airs at 9 p. m. ET Tuesday on  (CNN) . Jones Van Jones his Van Jones live TV special , " The Messy Truth , " on  (CNN) on Tuesday night with what could be described as a cold dose of reality .   " It feels nearly impossible to have a productive conversation with ’the other side’ , " he Van Jones . " We are still acting like one side is always right and one side is always wrong . " Van Jones : The messy truth about the gulf between Trump and Clinton voters   An outspoken Democrat who once was President Barack Obama ’s environmental adviser , Jones Van Jones he Van Jones guilty of such behavior as well .   But at some point , he Van Jones , " We have got to do better . " Jones Van Jones both parties need to take a long look in the mirror . Why ? " Because right now , they both parties of suck , " he Van Jones .   " At our best we ( our ) are the champions of America ’s downtrodden working folks . But it ’s also true that some very obnoxious elitism has found a home in our party . Democrats have gotten so used to saying stuff like ’red state voters are stupid’ that we do n’t even get how stuck up and terrible that sounds to anybody with good sense . That elitist attitude may have cost us the Rust Belt . And this election . " Jones said , pointing to the states that Hillary Clinton lost in Donald Trump ’s upset win .   He also Jones his take Jones " The Messy Truth " about the Republican Party . " ( Republicans ) are the party of colorblind individual merit . That sounds great .   But as much as Republicans hate to admit it , some nasty strains of some bigotry and some bias , including some actually scary white supremacists , have found a home in their party supremacists they do n’t supremacists to want to acknowledge that or even confront it in a it way . "   It may be easy to try to blanket both parties with general statements , but Jones said , " I am not saying that every Democrats is an elitist . And I am certainly not saying that every Republican is bigoted . Far from it . I every Republican is bigoted saying something else . I ’m saying : ’m major political party today seems to truly respect all Americans . In fact , both parties seem both parties an awful lot of Americans , an awful lot of the time . That is no longer a partisan problem . That is now an American problem . "   It is normal to have some disagreements with your friends and family when it comes to politics , Jones said , but he called into question Jones we ’re handling such disputes with one another . " Disagreement is good ! In a dictatorship everybody has to agree . In a democracy , nobody has to agree . It ’s called freedom . That ’s the whole point of America , " Jones said . 
 Jones 