Donald J. Trump is " America ’s blue collar billionaire , " Rev. Jerry Falwell told delegates at the 2016 GOP convention , 32 years after Rev. Jerry Falwell father , Rev. Jerry Falwell , offered an opening prayer at 1984 Republican National Convention . [ Jerry Falwell , who leads the Lynchburg , Virginia school Rev. Jerry Falwell father founded , said Trump is     loves America and the American people . " Trump is a true patriot and a champion of the common man , " Falwell said .   One example of Trump ’s reverence for traditional American liberties is Trump’s support inserting for a plank in the GOP Platform which calls for the repeal of the    Johnson Amendment , Falwell said . the   Johnson Amendment is a 1954 change in the federal tax code , sponsored by Sen. Lyndon B. Johnson ( ) which restricts political activity of    organizations , principally churches . " Conservative universities and churches have been investigated , while authorities has too often have turned a blind eye toward liberal groups , including universities , where    ideology is so pervasive that they Conservative universities and churches in effect become Democratic voter indoctrination camps , " said the attorney . " Trust me . The repeal of the Johnson Amendment would create a huge revolution for conservative Christians and for free speech . " Falwell said the country is at a crossroads , where the first priority must be saving the the country " We must unite behind Donald Trump and Mike Pence , " he Falwell . Falwell Falwell addressed the controversy from the previous night , when Sen. Ted Cruz ( R. ) refused to endorse Trump and Donald Trump this morning told the Texas delegates that he refused Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) be a " servile puppy " to Trump . Donald Trump course , a year ago March , Cruz launched Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) own run for president at Liberty . Then , Cruz positioned Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) as Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) champion of religious liberty and the voice of the white evangelicals , who eventually swung to Trump . Donald Trump If you are a conservative , a decision not to vote or to vote for a    candidate is a de facto vote for Hillary Clinton , " he said Sen. Ted Cruz (R. ) " If Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton to appoint the next few Supreme Court justices , that in itself could be a fatal blow to our Republic . " A vote for Trump " Donald Trump a vote to uphold the Second Amendment right to bear arms , a vote to stop Iran from funding terrorists and harming Israel , " he said . Trump " A vote for Trump is a Trump " to appoint conservative ,    justices to the Supreme Court . " Falwell said in his father ’s Falwell days , he joked with Falwell that he dreamed that Falwell had been Falwell by Chelsea Clinton about the three greatest threats to America , He replied , Falwell The three greatest threats are : Osama , Obama and your mama.’ Well , Osama is now Osama , Obama has six Obama left in his term and Osama only way to ‘ Make America Great — America and One Again’ is to tell Chelsea ’s mama Osama ‘ You ’re fired.’ 
 