’   ’ ’    Donald Trump has slammed President Barack Obama’ ’s statement on    the shooting of police officers this weekend in Baton Rouge ,    Louisiana , and lamented that the US is " totally divided . " ’ ’    Six    officers   and at least    three have died . The man identified by authorities as having    carried out the attack died in a shootout with the police , who    also detained two " persons of interest . " ’ ’    " Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching , "    Trump     on Sunday after Obama’ ’s statement . " our are not looking good , our    are not looking smart , our are not looking tough ! " ’ ’      Trump took a direct shot at Obama in a subsequent tweet . ’ ’    " Obama just had a news conference , but he Obama have    a clue , "   Trump .    " Our country is a divided crime scene , and it a divided crime scene only get       ! " ’ ’’ ’    In his statement Sunday afternoon , Obama Obama the recent    attacks on police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge and promised    " justice will be done . " ’ ’    " There is no justification for violence against law enforcement .    None . These the recent   attacks on police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge the work of cowards who speak for no    one , " Obama Obama in the statement . " The officers in Baton Rouge Baton Rouge the officers in Dallas   Dallas    they were our The officers in Baton Rouge,   the officers in Dallas  —    Americans , part of    our community , part of our country , with people who loved and    needed them , and The officers in Baton Rouge,   the officers in Dallas  —    need us now   our    all of us   — our to be at our    best our " ’ ’    Speaking to reporters later in the White House briefing room ,    Obama struck a contrast with Trump by calling for unity and    warning against heated political rhetoric . ’ ’    " Everyone right now focus on words and actions that can unite    this country rather than divide it further , this country Obama said . Obama We    don’’t need inflammatory rhetoric . We don’’t need careless    accusations thrown around to score political points or score an    agenda .    need to We our words and We our hearts . We ’ 
 