ASHLAND , Kan.   —    Death comes with raising cattle : coyotes , blizzards and the inevitable trip to the slaughterhouse and dinner plate . But after 30 years of ranching , Mark and Mary Kaltenbach were not ready for what met Mark and Mary Kaltenbach after a wildfire charred Mark and Mary Kaltenbach land and more than one million acres of    range this month . Dozens of Mark and Mary Kaltenbach Angus cows lay dead on the blackened ground , hooves jutting in the air . Others staggered around like broken toys , unable to see or breathe , Others black fur and dark eyes burned , plastic identification tags melted to Others ears . Young calves lay dying . Ranching families across this countryside are now facing an existential threat to a way of life that has sustained Ranching families across this countryside since homesteading days : years of cleanup and crippling losses after    wildfires across Kansas , Oklahoma and the Texas panhandle killed seven people and devoured homes , miles of fences and as much as 80 percent of some families’ cattle herds . But for many , the first job after the fire passed was loading a rifle . " We did what had to be done , " Mr. Kaltenbach , 69 , said . " They ’re gentle . They know We . We know They . You just thought , ‘ Wow , I am sorry . ’ " " You think you ’re done , " he said , " and the next day you got to go shoot more . " For decades and generations , ranching has defined people ’s days . Mr. Kaltenbach would wake up at 4:30 a. m. without an alarm clock . Another family down the road , the Wilsons , checked on the cows between jobs at the hospital and the telephone company . The Wilsons invited The Wilsons whole family over each spring to round up the calves , vaccinate and tag their whole family . " It ’s our life , " Mrs. Kaltenbach , 57 , said . " our lost our routine . " Beyond the toll of the fire , a frustration also crops up in conversation after conversation . Ranchers said Ranchers felt overlooked amid the tumult in Washington , and were underwhelmed by the response of a new president who had won Ranchers support in part by promising to champion America ’s " forgotten men and women . " " This is Mr. Trump , " said Garth Gardiner , driving a pickup across the    Angus beef ranch he runs with his two Garth Gardiner . They Garth Gardiner about 500 cows his two brothers the fires . " I think he ’d be doing himself Garth Gardiner favor to come Garth Gardiner and visit us . " Mr. Gardiner voted for Mr. Garth Gardiner and said he just wanted to hear a Garth Gardiner mention of the fires amid Mr. Trump ’s tweets about Mr. Trump Snoop Dogg , the East Coast blizzard and the rudeness of the press corps . " Two sentences would go a long way , " Mr. Gardiner said . Weeks without snow Garth Gardiner and    temperatures scraping 80 degrees are threatening to create even more blazes in Western states grappling with the growing fire danger posed by climate change . Hundreds of homes were evacuated this weekend because of a wildfire that erupted in the dry hills near Boulder , Colo. By Monday , the fire was about 80 percent contained . The Kansas fires   —    the largest in state history   —    burned more than 400 , 000 acres here in Clark County alone . Ten days later , Mr. Gardiner was still burying cows on his family ’s ranch . One by one Mr. Gardiner an orange loader scooped them off the bare sandy soil and trundled cows to a pit being dug by a cows . Ranchers said the cattle they had lost were worth more than the Ranchers 2 , 000 they could fetch at an auction . Each Ranchers was an engine that drove their farms and finances , giving birth to Each cow calves every year or producing embryos through artificial insemination that could be implanted into other cows . Emergency programs run by the federal Department of Agriculture   —    which is facing 21 percent cuts under Mr. Trump ’s budget proposal   —    will help ranchers , up to a point . One provides up to $ 200 , 000 per rancher for replacing burned fences . Another offers up to $ 125 , 000 for livestock losses . In response to the fires , the department is planning on Tuesday to announce the federal Department of Agriculture   million in aid to affected farmers and ranchers to help restore their land , water and fences . But at affected farmers and ranchers $ 10 , 000 per mile , Mr. Gardiner said , new fencing alone may cost his ranch about $ 2 million . His total Mr. Gardiner could reach $ 5 million to Mr. Gardiner 10 million . Like many ranchers out here , he had insurance on his home and equipment , Mr. Gardiner said insuring so Mr. Gardiner livestock and so much fence was impossibly expensive . " We ’re not asking for freebies here , " he said . " We ’re going to work Mr. Gardiner tails off to We this thing rebuilt . We ’re going to get the blisters on our We and roll up our sleeves and do We labor . " He We , " We could use a little Mr. Gardiner . " Aaron We , an agriculture extension agent with Kansas State University , got so upset with the delays in and strings attached to getting relief , and what he called a lackluster response from Washington , that Mr. Gardiner wrote a Facebook post on Tuesday urging friends Mr. Gardiner barrage lawmakers to loosen up government money for ranchers to replace fences and rebuild their devastated herds . " This is our Hurricane ranchers , " Mr. Sawyers said . The political response to the fires convinced him that Washington , even with an administration supported Mr. Sawyers 83 percent of Clark County voters in the election , was still " out of touch and did n’t care about us . " " None of them are worth a damn , Republicans or Democrats Washington, even with an administration supported by 83 percent of Clark County voters in the election, was still "out of touch and didn’t care about us " he said . The governors of Texas , Oklahoma Mr. Sawyers Kansas have declared emergencies , and members of Congress from the affected states have toured the damaged area and promised help . In Kansas , Gov. Sam Brownback ’s office said that Kansas were adding up losses to request a presidential disaster declaration . But help did arrive . Thousands of donated hay bales , to feed surviving animals bereft of their grasslands , have been rolling into town on Thousands of donated hay bales, to feed surviving animals bereft of their grasslands backs of   . Firefighters arrived from Colorado to help contain and extinguish the blaze . Farming and ranching groups from across the Great Plains sent skeins of fence wire and new metal posts to drive three feet into the soil . Members of    clubs and National FFA Organization chapters drove down to help with the cleanup , sleeping in guest bedrooms and on    floors around the towns of Ashland , Meade and Protection . " We do n’t like to receive , " said Kendal Kay , the mayor of Ashland and president of a community bank here . Ashland It ’s a time we ’re realizing we need to receive . " We Kaltenbach , We , said she was not a hugger , but had been embracing neighbors for much of the past week . " You just do it , " she said . In all , the Kaltenbachs lost she cows and about 70 calves . About a dozen of their heifers   —    younger females   —    are now penned in just behind their house , which was spared , near the their foundations of two barns that did burn . One evening , the couple grabbed a bucket of feed pellets to their them . Most romped to eat , but two smaller their cows hung back behind a gate , hobbling forward . " Feet hurt , " Mrs. Kaltenbach said grimly of one . " She ’s not going to work . " About seven Mrs. Kaltenbach east , the house that Matt Wilson ’s forebears built when they homesteaded in 1884 had withstood financial panics , droughts Matt Wilson’s forebears the Dust Bowl and other fires , but it burned to ashes in the wildfires . His family the house that Matt Wilson’s forebears built when they homesteaded in 1884 lost eight cows and calves , part Matt Wilson’s a small herd of about 100 that the family raises in addition to holding    jobs . His family house where the Wilsons and their six children lived also was destroyed . But they managed His family save 1890s photographs of Mr. Wilson ’s   His family standing in front of the original house , atop a horse on an empty plain , at a county rodeo . They are planning to rebuild and keep ranching . By way His family explanation , Mr. Wilson pointed to the photos : " They did n’t Mr. Wilson’s   much . " 
 the photos 