Washington ( CNN ) The White House ca n’t get The White House story straight on why President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey . On Friday morning , President Donald Trump offered a possible explanation . " As a very active President with lots of things happening , it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy ! " he President Donald Trump . His President Donald Trump comes after a week of multiple contradictions by his President Donald Trump aides and advisers , including Vice President Mike Pence , who tried to explain how and why the President Donald Trump to sack Comey . On Thursday , Trump told NBC News he was Trump to fire Comey with Comey without Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ’s memo criticizing the director . The Comey NBC News the FBI ’s probe into Russia ’s role in the 2016 election and any connections the Trump campaign had to the hackers . " I was going to fire regardless of recommendation , " Trump told Trump . He added Trump " ( Rosenstein ) made a recommendation . .. He made Trump recommendation , but regardless of recommendation , I was going to fire Comey . Comey That was not the story Pence told reporters on Capitol Hill on Wednesday . " President Trump Trump right decision at the right time to accept the recommendation of the deputy attorney general and the attorney general , " Pence said . White House Pence Sarah Huckabee Sanders said her answers " went off White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders information that I had when I answered your question . "   At the time , she said , she " White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders n’t had White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders chance " to ask the President directly , despite having numerous conversations with him . Sanders also claimed the President White White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders story had been " consistent , " despite the clear inconsistencies . Here is a list of comments by White House staff and the the White House that were contradicted by Trump ’s Thursday interview : May 9 : 8:39 p. m. ET , Kellyanne Conway in CNN interview with Anderson Cooper : " I think you ’re looking at the wrong set of facts here . In other words , you ’re going back to the campaign . This man is the President of the United States . He acted decisively today . He This man the recommendation of his This man attorney general who oversees This man FBI director . " May 9 : 8:40 p. m. ET , Kellyanne Conway in CNN interview with Kellyanne Conway : " CNN makes complete Anderson Cooper he has lost confidence in the FBI director and he took the recommendation the FBI director , the deputy he general , to whom the FBI director reports to . The deputy attorney general the FBI director the job two short weeks . He went in there . He assessed the situation     and I The deputy attorney general quote for you . The deputy attorney general says it almost everyone agrees that the director , meaning Mr. The deputy attorney general , made serious mistakes . It ’s one of the few issues that unites people of diverse it . " May 10 : 11:01 a. m. ET , Vice President Mike Pence to reporters on Capitol Hill : " President Trump made the right decision at the right time to accept the recommendation of the Deputy Attorney General and the Attorney General , to ask for the termination , to support the termination of the director of the FBI . It was simply the right decision . Now we go forward . We go forward with confidence . " May 10 : 11:03 a. we ET , Vice President Mike Pence to reporters on Capitol Hill : " The President took strong and decisive leadership here Capitol Hill the safety and President Trump of the American people first by accepting the recommendation of the deputy attorney general to remove Director Comey as the head of the FBI . " May 10 : 11:05 a. m. ET , Vice President Mike Pence to reporters on Capitol Hill : " Let me be clear that the President ’s decision Capitol Hill the recommendation of the deputy attorney general and the President Trump remove Director Comey as the head of the FBI was based solely and the deputy attorney general commitment to the best interest of the the head of the FBI that the the FBI President Trump trust and confidence of the people of of this nation . .. The deputy attorney general was confirmed just a the FBI weeks ago by the United States Senate when he brought the recommendation to the President that the director of the FBI should be removed . " May 10 : 11:07 a. m. ET The deputy attorney general Vice President Mike Pence to reporters on Capitol Hill : the FBI provided strong leadership . .. to act on the recommendation of the deputy attorney general , and I think the American people welcome that and The deputy attorney general know that as President Trump has done so many times before The deputy attorney general going to take the time necessary to find an individual of great experience the American people great integrity to lead the nation ’s law enforcement agency at the President Trump and I look forward to being a part of that process . " May 10 : 11:09 a. m. ET , Vice President Mike Pence to reporters on Capitol Hill : " He brought that recommendation to the President , and the attorney general concurred with that recommendation , and I personally am grateful that we have a President who is willing Vice President Mike Pence to reporters on Capitol Hill: " provide the kind of decisive and strong leadership to take the recommendation of that recommendation attorney general and the attorney general to remove an FBI director who had lost the confidence of the American people . " May 10 : 1:52 p. m. ET , Sarah Huckabee Sanders to the attorney general : " The President , over the last several months , lost confidence in Director Comey . The DOJ lost confidence in Director Comey . Bipartisan members of Congress made it clear that they had lost confidence in Director Comey . And most importantly , the     of the FBI had lost confidence confidence in Director Comey Accordingly Director Comey President accepted the recommendation of his deputy attorney general to Bipartisan members of Congress James confidence in Director Comey . " Director Comey : 1:53 p. m. ET , Sarah Huckabee Sanders to White House reporters : " the    of the FBI ’d lost confidence in Director Comey . And , frankly the President he ’d been considering letting Director Comey go James Comey the day he was elected . But he did have a conversation with the deputy attorney general on Monday where the President had come to him James Comey their concerns . The President the President that they put those concerns James Comey recommendation in writing , which James Comey the letter that you James Comey have received . " May 10 : 1:58 p. m. ET   Sarah Huckabee Sanders to James Comey House reporters they   Question James Comey , is n’t they true that the President they already decided to fire James Comey and he asked the Justice Department to put together the rationale for that firing ? Sanders : No .    Question : Is it     when did he make the decision ? Sanders : The James Comey to move forward with it was yesterday . But James Comey know that he ’s been contemplating it for a while . 
 James Comey James Comey Sanders 