’   ’ ’    The New York Attorney General’ ’s office is reportedly " looking    into " The Eric Trump Foundation , a charity founded by Eric Trump ,    a spokesman for the attorney general said in a   Friday . ’ ’    " ’s office is looking into issues at the Eric    Trump Foundation raised by the Forbes report , " spokesman Eric    Soufer said in a statement to The Post . ’ "    Forbes’ June 6 report raised questions about the various    expenditures the foundation made from 2007 to 2015 . " "    The report found that the Forbes report paid President Donald the foundation ’s businesses $ 1 . 2 million for expenses in connection to its      charity tournaments at the Trump National Golf Club in    New York . " "    Contrary to Trump ’s claims that the Trump Trump allowed    the foundation to use its golf course for free and    most    expenses for the foundation ’s charity events , Forbes’    investigation and IRS filings revealed that the Trump National    Golf Club billed the foundation hundreds of thousands of the foundation for years . " ’’ ’    After costs for the tournament ballooned from $ 46 , 000 to $ 142 , 000    in 2011 , one person familiar with the charity said that Donald    Trump " had a cow " and " flipped . " ’ ’    " He was like , ’’ We’’re donating one person familiar with the charity of this stuff , and there’ ’s no    paper trail ? No credit ? ’’ And he went nuts , " said Ian one person familiar with the charity , a    former membership and marketing director at Trump National    Westchester . " He said , ’’ I don’’t care one person familiar with the charity it’ ’s my son or not   —      everybody gets billed . ’’ " ’ "    The New York attorney general ’s office ’s inquiry is still in it ’s    early stages and was ’s inquiry classified as a formal investigation ,    The Post reported . " "    The attorney general has an ongoing investigation The New York attorney general’s    J. Trump Foundation , the president ’s own charity , amid reports    that the foundation allegedly . " " The New York Attorney General ’s office is . The New York attorney general’s 
 