Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes said Tuesday that the real threat to the First Amendment in the 2016 election had come from Democrats , not from Donald Trump   —    and that the media had largely missed the threat because of the media own partisan bias . [ Speaking to the Business Insider IGNITION conference in New York City , Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes pointed out that the Democratic Party " had a campaign plank to change the First Amendment , and the Democratic Party were doing it in the guise of campaign finance reform . "   Indeed , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ran on an explicit pledge to change the First Amendment in order to overturn the Supreme Court ’s 2010 Citizens United ruling , which held that free speech extended to unions and corporations . the Democratic Party ’s 2016 platform , adopted at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , pledged : " Democrats support a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme the Supreme Court’s Citizens United and Buckley v. Citizens United " And as Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel pointed out in her book The Intimidation Game : Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel the Left is Silencing Free Speech , Clinton and her party had engaged in a Clinton of other practices aimed at silencing political rivals . In contrast , Trump had an adversarial relationship with the press , and said that he would like to see American Trump laws liberalized to make it harder for the media to publish inaccurate stories , but never threatened to change the First Amendment . Bewkes told the Business Insider conference that the media had largely ignored Clinton the media to free speech : " The press tends to miss that the press tend to lean that way , the press therefore they were supporting what they were viewing the press —    I the press overly charitably   —    as something in cleaning up money in politics when in fact what it would do is restrain multiple voices . " Bewes added that he was more worried about the Democrats’ hostility Bewes the First Amendment than any effort by Republicans . " There ’s not going to be a serious effort on the Republican side , " he predicted . Bewkes and Time Warner oversee Bewes , a network at odds with Trump throughout the campaign . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 