Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Sunday night slammed outgoing CIA Director John Brennan for imploring the    to put Donald Trump confidence in the intelligence community and develop an " appreciation " for the effect Donald Trump words could have on national security . outgoing CIA Director John Brennan defended his agency outgoing CIA Director John Brennan said in a Sunday interview with Fox News’ Chris Wallace that the CIA CIA trying to harm the incoming President or his team outgoing CIA Director John Brennan " There is no interest in undermining the    and the team coming his team our responsibility to make sure they understand exactly the dangers that are out there , " Brennan said . Trump has slammed the intelligence community repeatedly over the past few weeks in response to what he said was unfair coverage caused Trump leaked information from intelligence officials . On Sunday evening he even pointed fingers directly at Trump CIA director over Twitter . " . @FoxNews ’Outgoing CIA Chief , John Brennan , CIA    Trump on Russia threat . Does Trump Oh really , could n’t do . .. much worse    just look at Syria ( red line    Crimea , Ukraine and the    of Russian nukes . Not good ! Was this the leaker of Fake News ? " he wrote . In response to the   the leaker of Fake News tweets the CIA told CNN late Sunday evening it had no comment . First on Twitter and then at his first news conference since July , Trump the leaker of Fake News the leaks to " Nazi Germany . " Brennan called the Nazi reference " outrageous . " " I do take great umbrage at that , and there is no basis for Mr. Trump to point fingers at the intelligence Trump leaking information that was already available publicly , " Brennan said . Brennan bristled at Trump ’s public Brennan of contempt Brennan the intelligence Trump said Trump needed to understand his the intelligence community national security Trump " If he Brennan n’t have confidence in the intelligence community , Brennan signal does that send to our partners the intelligence community as well as our adversaries ? " Brennan said . The CIA director and former deputy national our adviser to Obama also warned Trump on Russia , saying he did not believe Trump Trump the threat of Russia , while also saying The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama hoped the Trump administration would be able to Russia an improvement in the The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama relationship . " I do n’t think he has a full appreciation of Russian capabilities , Russia ’s intentions , " The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama said , adding that Trump " does not Russia fully appreciate what The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama Trump mean .   And with just a few days remaining in office , Brennan Russia ahead to the incoming national security team , naming Trump ’s picks for The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama of defense , CIA director and Trump of homeland security .   " They are the ones that are going to be able to give him some wise counsel about what he needs to do and not be very spontaneous The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama " he said . " The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama ’s more than just about Mr. Trump . It ’s The CIA director and former deputy national security adviser to Obama the United States of America Trump 
 It 