   Donald Trump has named Lt . Gen. Keith Kellogg as the chief of staff and executive secretary of   Donald Trump National Security Council ( NSC ) furthering   Donald Trump campaign promise of a much more skeptical view of Islamic ideology . [ A Vietnam veteran who advanced to command the 82nd Airborne Division , Kellogg has served as a national security adviser for Trump ’s presidential campaign . In addition ,   Donald Trump was   the vice president of strategic initiatives at Cubic Corp.   Donald Trump also served as the chief operations officer for the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq in 2003 .   Kellogg Kellogg set to be one of the   ’s important national security advisers and will serve under retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , who Trump Trump as his   Donald Trump national security advisor on December 17 .    In a sharp break from the policy set by President Barack Obama , both Kellogg Kellogg Flynn view    and Iran ’s Islamic government , as enemies of the United States . In an October article , they wrote : There is no difference between the ideology of ISIS and the Iranian regime , except ISIS ISIS Sunni and Iran Iran Shiite . They Sunni and Iran goals of establishing an Islamic global caliphate using military force . Iran Iran directly responsible for killing at least 500 American troops in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars and wounding hundreds more . Iran Iran and supplied Shiite militias in Iraq with Iraq lethal bombs known as explosively formed penetrators or EFPs , which were powerful enough to destroy U. S. Humvees and breach tank hulls . Yet today , the Obama administration is partnering with those very same radical Islamic leaders and militias that took so many American lives . " The United States is an exceptional country and these are two exceptional individuals who have agreed to fulfill the   ’s pledge of putting America first The United States again , " Mike Flynn , Trump ’s choice for national security advisor , said in a statement released by the transition office . " I am honored to have General Kellogg and Dr. Crowley on the National Security Council team . " For his part , Kellogg said he is his forward to serving in the upcoming administration . " I am honored to not only be a part of this historic the upcoming administration to be serving with General Flynn and K. T. McFarland , who are widely respected as some of the most experienced and strategic national security minds , " Kellogg said Kellogg the statement . " Together , with the incredibly talented Dr. [ Monica ] Crowley , the NSC will help lead    Trump ’s national security agenda . " The advancement of Kellogg brings Kellogg number of generals in Trump ’s proposed administration Trump four . Kellogg will Kellogg three other retired generals including Marine Gen. John Kelly , who is set to head up Homeland Security , with Marine Gen. James Mattis , up for Defense Secretary , plus Flynn . The Thursday , Dec. 15 announcement was accompanied by the appointment of Monica Crowley as the NSC ’s senior director of strategic communications . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 