After starring in and directing a string of critical and financial box office disasters ,    activist and Hollywood actor George Clooney is sticking to what George Clooney knows best : Alienating conservative moviegoers by marginalizing conservative moviegoers as racists . [ Clooney and his wife Amal will be hosting a pair of fundraisers for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton next month .   Ahead of the fundraisers   —    and a contest in which a raffle winner will meet Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton at the Clooney ’s California home   —    the actor is ramping up the actor criticism of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , whom the actor previously described as a " xenophobic fascist . " In a letter being sent out to supporters of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s White House bid by Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton campaign , Clooney describes Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton as a " voice of tolerance and experience " and attempts to besmirch Trump as a racist Islamophobe who wants to commit " war crimes . " While Clooney does not use Trump name in the letter , he Trump share some choice words for the New York billionaire and anyone who agrees with him Trump immigration and national security . " If you listen to the loudest voices out there today , you ’d think we ’re a country that hates Mexicans , hates Muslims , and thinks that committing war crimes is the best way to make America great again , " Clooney writes in the letter , which was obtained by Variety . " The truth is that the only thing that would prevent America America being great would be to empower these voices . " Clooney Clooney :    …      In all of this clutter , there ’s been one consistent voice . A voice of tolerance and experience , from a candidate who ’s spent a lifetime fighting for the rights of the less fortunate . A candidate who knows firsthand the complexity of our international relationships .    …      That A candidate who knows firsthand the complexity of our international relationships.    Hillary Clinton .    …      As this primary process continues , Hillary could soon have an insurmountable delegate lead and with that , the Democratic nomination , " Clooney declares . " That would then make her the Hillary    in the room . And if ever there was a time for a    that time is now . The Hail , Caesar ! actor then jokes about the Apr. 16 event at his home : " The good news is , I ’m not cooking . " Variety reports a donation to the Clinton campaign is not required to enter the contest , although her campaign the Clinton campaign $ 10 donations in the Clooney letter . Those interested in meeting Clinton and Clinton Hollywood Clinton can enter the contest by the contest to 47246 . Tickets to the event at Clooney ’s Los Angeles home are priced at $ 33 , 400 per person , with money going to the Hillary Victory Fund . The couple will also Tickets to the event at Clooney’s Los Angeles home fundraiser for Clinton a day earlier , on Apr. 15 , in San Francisco . While the outspoken Clooney used to be CLOONEY of Hollywood ’s most bankable male leads , he has not carried a the outspoken Clooney over $ 100 million since 2000 ’s The Perfect Storm . His most recent film , the outspoken Clooney Coen brothers’ Hail , Caesar ! was the worst opening ever for a Coen film released on more than 1500 screens . To date , the movie has grossed under $ 30 million domestically since its Feb. 5 release . the movie 