During a Monday afternoon campaign appearance in South Carolina , Republican frontrunner Donald Trump declared the Republican National Committee in " default of the Republican National Committee pledge . " Here ’s the full quote :   But what happened is that some of the college kids sold some of the college kids [ debate tickets ] to the special interests for good money , some of the college kids made a couple of bucks , I do n’t blame a couple of bucks . But the RNC does a terrible job . A terrible job . And just remember what I said , remember in this room : I signed a pledge , but a pledge ’s a    pledge .   As far as I ’m concerned , some of the college kids ’re in default of some of the college kids pledge . According to Ali Vitali at NBC News , Trump is referring specifically to the " terrible job " the RNC did when it comes to those invited to the primary debates . The State adds , " Trump Trump the debate audience was stacked with lobbyists and big Republican donors . " The " pledge " in question is the one Trump Trump last year agreeing not to run as a    candidate . In exchange , however , the Party agreed to a level playing field . Later that same day at a South Carolina town hall covered by Breitbart ’s Alex Swoyer , Trump Trump his Breitbart that " the The "pledge" in question n’t being honored by the RNC . " The debate audience Saturday night was a disgrace , a stacked deck against Trump Trump behaved like a bunch a children at a high school basketball game . Trump Trump relentlessly and loudly interrupted with boos , even before he Trump finish his Trump sentence . Establishment favorites Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio were just as loudly cheered . The audience not only made the Republican Party look childish and not ready to lead , it was a terrible strategic move on the audience The audience . During the debate , the audience made The audience the Establishment Fighter his Trump love . And now this audience has handed The audience valid reason to violate the pledge he Trump not to run as a third party candidate . There is no question the RNC did not play the Republican Party , and a level playing field was the deal . Related :   " Why We Lose : Stacked Audience Turns GOP Debate Into National Clown Show "    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 