2016 GOP presidential candidate and former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina bashed the establishment from both political parties during Carly Fiorina keynote address at the Ronald Reagan dinner Friday night . [ At the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) near Washington D. C. hosted by the American Conservative Union , Carly Fiorina lit into the establishment for expressing " horror " at the choice of the voters .   " The Democrat establishment , aided and abetted by the media establishment , decided that it is now Hillary ’s turn , " Carly Fiorina said of the Democrats . " At last year ’s CPAC , many in the media called me " mean " because I said , ‘ Flying is an activity , not an accomplishment . Mrs. Clinton , please name an accomplishment . ’ " She Mrs. Clinton turned to her Mrs. Clinton party . The Republican establishment thought it The Republican establishment knew just what to do after the 2012 election . First , they The Republican establishment , we The Republican establishment comprehensive immigration reform . Then , we The Republican establishment to talk less about " the social issues " . And there were too many candidates in the 2012 primaries , and too many debates . So , let ’s limit the number of debates . In fact , let ’s ’s the whole primary calendar so our presumptive nominee can roll up delegates faster . Let ’s ’s sure that the primary voters know who the establishment thinks should be the our presumptive nominee Let ’s ’s all the pundits and the money make the case right from the start about who ’s up at bat next . Republican voters said : no , we need Republican voters secure the border . No , citizenship in this country must mean something . No , our religious Republican voters is at stake . No , we do Republican voters want who you want , we want Republican voters choose for ourselves and Republican voters more Fiorina better we like Republican voters . Many pundits and not the few current and former politicians , now decry the wisdom of these same voters . They do n’t like how they these same voters to be voting right these same voters . But , these voters look at what the these same voters has produced and think they can do better deciding for themselves these same voters Fiorina said as the establishment these same voters expressing " horror " over the choice of the voters , " these same voters are asking , ‘ these same voters done for me ? ’ " Do not Fiorina me . I am no Donald Trump fan . I did not vote for him in the Virginia primary . Nevertheless , I no Donald Trump fan and respect the people who did vote for him . I know many of them . They no Donald Trump fan not racists , or crazies the people who did vote for him or the people who did vote for him . While many people call the Donald a fraud , a    there are a lot of voters out there who think they have been conned election after election . They voters what it is to be promised something voters delivered nothing . Tip O’Neill famously remarked that all politics are local . Actually , I believe politics is personal . People vote based on their own lives , their own experiences , their People beliefs and hopes People dreams . If People want to defeat Donald Trump , we can not turn to the establishment once again we ask them to guide the citizenry to the right answer we want to defeat Donald Trump If we want defeat Donald Trump , we must defeat we want to defeat Donald Trump , by offering citizens conservative solutions to the we want to defeat Donald Trump in their lives . Fiorina suspended her own campaign last month after the New citizens Primary . 
 Fiorina 