’   ’ "    White House press secretary Sean Spicer would neither confirm nor    deny during Friday ’s press briefing that President Donald Trump    has recorded audio of President Donald Trump    private White House conversations ,       his President Donald Trump    dinner with ousted FBI Director James    Comey . " "    Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer comments came as a response to Trump President Donald Trump    to serve as a threat to Comey . " ’ ousted FBI Director James   Comey " James Comey better hope ousted FBI Director James   Comey are no ’’ tapes ’’ of our    conversations before he starts leaking to the ousted FBI Director James   Comey ! " . ’ ’    The first series of questions Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer in the briefing    centered around the tweet . ’ ’    " I’’ve talked to the president " about that tweet , Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer the tweet " The president has nothing further to the president that . " ’ ’    " Why did he say that ? " Reuters White the president correspondent Jeff    Mason said . ’ ’    " As I mentioned , the president has nothing further to add the president that , " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer . ’ ’    " Are there recording devices in the Oval Office or the    residence ? " Mason then asked . ’ ’    " Reuters White House correspondent Jeff   Mason I’’ve said for the third time , there’ ’s nothing further to add    to that , " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer . ’ ’    " Does he White House press secretary Sean Spicer it’ ’s appropriate to threaten someone like Mr.    Comey not to speak ? " Mason asked . ’ ’    Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer Reuters White House correspondent Jeff   Mason White House press secretary Sean Spicer the tweet was " a threat . " ’ ’    " He’ ’s simply stated a fact , " Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer . " The tweet speaks for    itself . I’’m the tweet . " ’ ’ the tweet "    Later , Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer asked by another reporter if Trump had a tape    of his conversation with Comey in late January . Trump another reporter NBC ’s    Lester Holt Thursday that Trump provided him during the dinner    with an Comey that Comey president was not under investigation .    Since late July , the FBI has been conducting a    counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion    between the Trump campaign and Russian government officials . " ’ Trump Additionally , the New York Times reported Thursday that during    that dinner , Trump   to pledge his loyalty . He declined Trump so at    Trump twice during Trump dinner , The Times reported , citing two      that dinner to the New York Times the New York Times knowledge of the conversation .    ’    " I’’m not aware of that , " Spicer said of a potential tape . ’ ’    Earlier Friday , a " source close to Comey "   the    ousted FBI director " hopes there are tapes . " ’ ’    " That would be perfect , " the source told NBC . ’ ’    The top House Democrats a "source close to Comey"  the   ousted FBI director " Oversight and Judiciary Committees    sent a letter to White House Counsel Donald McGahn to request    copies of " all recordings House of the White House    regarding this matter . " ’ ’    Those Democrats , Reps . Elijah Cummings of Maryland and John    Conyers of Michigan , also requested " all documents , memoranda ,    analyses , emails , and other communications relating to the    President ’s decision to dismiss Director Comey   —    a decision which    the president declared yesterday he planned to make " regardless    of [ Deputy the   President’s Rod Rosenstein’ ’s the   President’s recommendation "   —      and all discussions with Director Comey . " ’ ’White House press secretary Sean Spicer would . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 