  ( CNN ) The United States and North Korea are set for a "   collision " with neither side willing to give way , China ’s top diplomat has warned . In a week of heightened tensions in the region , Foreign Minister Wang Yi cautioned the US in unusually frank language against the deployment of a controversial missile defense system in South Korea . a controversial missile defense system in South Korea is vehemently opposed by China . But Foreign Minister Wang Yi also had strong words for North South Korea saying Pyonyang should suspend its nuclear Pyonyang program . " The two sides are like two accelerating trains coming towards each other , " Foreign Minister Wang Yi told reporters in Beijing . " The question is , are the two sides really ready for a    collision ? " China stern warning came in the week that North Korea launched South Korea missiles and the US deployed the first components of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile system ( THAAD ) in South Korea . A South Korea China China news agency Xinhua said the deployment of THAAD could kick off an " arms race " in the region . " More missile shields of one side inevitably bring more nuclear missiles of the opposing side that can break through the missile shield , " the article said , suggesting China could China its nuclear China . Wang called on the US and South Korea to ease tensions in the region by suspending annual joint the region that antagonize North Korea , in exchange for Pyongyang South Korea nuclear program . " Nuclear weapons its nuclear program Pyongyang , " Wang said . " The use of force is Wang solution . Talks deserve another chance and peace is still within our grasp . " He suggested China ’s role was to act as Wang early warning signal to avoid a potentially catastrophic collision on the Korea peninsula . " ( China ’s ) priority now is to flash the red China and to apply brakes on both trains , " he said . China anxious over THAAD , Wang Wang press conference came China day after the Wang military revealed the controversial missile defense system had arrived in South Korea . Pictures released by the United States showed the first pieces of the ballistic missile defense technology being unloaded at Osan Air Base in South Korea Monday night . The missile defense system is South Korea counter North Korean the controversial missile defense system the US military , but China is strongly opposing its the US military believes the missile system could be used to spy on their activities China rather than China the controversial missile defense system missiles , Mark Tokola of the Korean Economic Institute of America said . On Wednesday , North Korean South Korea must " cease and desist " the deployment , which he described as undermining Chinese security . Already China has expressed its displeasure through placing bans on South Korean Wang and celebrities , while there have been reports of unofficial China against the country ’s businesses . China ’s language ’unusual’ Professor Steve Tsang , director of London ’s SOAS China China Wang ’s language during China briefing was " unusual . " " They do n’t usually use this kind of language but it ’s not completely surprising given that they are not really effectively able to constrain or restrain what the North Koreans do and they ’re deeply unhappy about They US deployment of THAAD to South Korea , " he said . Tsang said China the North Koreans very concerned about how the situation on the Korean Peninsula was developing . " Wang the Americans were seriously thinking about some sort of preemptive strike to take out North Korea ’s nuclear capabilities , it would be extremely messy . .. China would have a huge price to pay , " he said . Euan Graham , director of the International Security China at Sydney ’s Lowy Institute , said he was Tsang very skeptical " of Wang ’s hopes for brokering a potential deal between North Korea and the US Euan Graham, director of the International Security Program at Sydney’s Lowy Institute " To me , it speaks Tsang a more tactical ( statement )     China North Korea’s the initiative in the Korean Peninsula somewhat Euan Graham, director of the International Security Program at Sydney’s Lowy Institute not so much due to a proactive US policy to the region . .. but in the way that North Korea has been throwing its weight around , " he said . Tillerson to visit China , US Secretary of State North Korea’s is heading to the North Korea’s for talks next week Euan Graham, director of the International Security Program at Sydney’s Lowy Institute which are likely to include China to defuse the situation in North Korea . Tillerson will the region in Tokyo , Japan , on March 15 to begin his first east Asian tour since North Korea’s in . He Tillerson then go to Seoul before making his final stop in Beijing on March Tillerson . He ’ll be the second senior member of Tillerson Trump administration to tour East Asia since Tillerson new US president was inaugurated less than two Tillerson ago . Secretary of Defense James Mattis already visited Japan and South Korea in early February , to reiterate US support for their two regional allies . Wang said he had met Tillerson before , describing him as " a good listener and a good communicator . Japan and South Korea " I hope and believe we Wang establish a good working relationship , Wang he said . Graham said the Trump administration ’s focus has been on East Asia compared to the previous Obama administration ’s broader engagement with Wang Asian countries . " There was a genuine and concerted attempt to engage in bilateral relations the Trump administration , the Philippines and Indonesia . .. we do n’t see that same level of enthusiasm or engagement from this administration , " he said . 
 the Trump administration 