Washington ( CNN ) A government watchdog has told lawmakers that A government watchdog would look into the security costs associated with President Donald Trump ’s routine trips to Florida and whether the United States Treasury has received payments from President Donald Trump’s routine trips to Florida for profits he has made from foreign government visits to he hotels . In a letter to Rep. Elijah Cummings , top Democrat on the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , the Government Accountability Office said Monday the Government Accountability Office would begin the inquiry into President Donald Trump’s routine trips to Florida     visits " shortly , " after Cummings and Democratic Sens . Elizabeth Warren , Sheldon Whitehouse and Tom Udall requested the probe . The scope of the the inquiry into Trump’s    visits "shortly include how classified information is protected at the private club , what type of security measures are taken to screen " individuals with access to    " and what measures are in place " to ensure charges for    expenses in connection with providing protection for presidential trips to     are fair and reasonable . " The government watchdog will also look into whether Trump is keeping his promise Trump take any profits made at his hotels Trump foreign governments and transfer them to his hotels from foreign governments US Treasury . Trump ’s Trump at a news conference in January that , in an effort to avoid conflict of interest , he would n’t Trump’s lawyer such profits . " He is going Trump’s lawyer voluntarily donate all profits from foreign government payments made to his hotels to Trump’s lawyer United States Treasury , " said Sheri Dillon , Trump ’s tax Trump " This way it is the American people who will profit . " CNN has reached out to the White House for comment . The watchdog inquiry comes as Democrats raise questions about the costs and security questions that comes with Trump ’s frequent trips Trump a private club he has owned since 1985 Trump a home he has visited for six Trump since becoming president in January . Variations in each trip make it difficult to estimate how much it actually costs for Trump to spend weekends in Trump . But a 2016 GAO report about a    trip President Barack Obama took to Florida in 2013 found the Florida cost to the Secret Service and Coast Guard was $ 3 . 6 million . Security concerns were heightened in February when Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Trump Abe appeared to be strategizing over how to respond to a North Korean missile test while having dinner in plain sight on    ’s candlelit patio . " We have accepted this request to review security and    travel expenses related to the President ’s stays outside the White House at   " Chuck Young , managing Young Young said there is no time frame yet for their review , but that they will first work to " determine the full scope Young what we will cover Young the methodology to be used . " " Until that is complete , we do n’t have any projected dates , " Young said . " We handled we as we do all requests , from either Young of the aisle we using our standard we . " The GAO inquiry comes as Democratic Sens . Udall , we , Jack Reed and Tom Carper introduced legislation in the Senate that would require the White House to publish a list of people who visit    . Rep. Mike Quigley , an Illinois Democrat , introduced the same legislation in the House . The Making Access Records Available to Lead American Government Openness Act     the White House Act , for short     would treat the Florida club like the White House , where a log of visitors is required . The act would allow for very few exceptions , including visits that would spark security concerns American Government Openness Act    or    Act purely personal " visitors . 
 