  ( CNN ) A new letter from the leading Democrat on the House oversight committee , Rep. Elijah Cummings , reveals new information about former national security adviser Michael Flynn and what former national security adviser Michael Flynn told investigators about former national security adviser Michael Flynn ties to foreign governments when former national security adviser Michael Flynn was interviewed about former national security adviser Michael Flynn security clearance . According to the Report of Investigation , which Cummings refers to in former national security adviser Michael Flynn letter to committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz , former national security adviser Michael Flynn made false statements to investigators about who funded former national security adviser Michael Flynn foreign trips , including a 2015 trip to Russia where former national security adviser Michael Flynn was paid roughly $ 45 , 000 to speak at an event in Moscow . According to the letter released Monday by Democrats on the committee , former national security adviser Michael Flynn claimed that former national security adviser Michael Flynn trips were funded by " US companies . " The report stated that former national security adviser Michael Flynn said former national security adviser Michael Flynn " had not received any benefit from a foreign country . " former national security adviser Michael Flynn also claimed to investigators former national security adviser Michael Flynn had no substantial contacts with foreign government officials , saying former national security adviser Michael Flynn only had " insubstantial contact . " former national security adviser Michael Flynn was shown sitting next to Russian President Vladimir Putin at the 2015 dinner . Interactive : The many paths from Trump to Russia , The committee Democrats say Chaffetz must subpoena documents from the White House to determine what the White House was told about these foreign contacts and trips . " We need to know what the President , Vice President , White House Counsel , and other top officials knew about former national security adviser Michael Flynn and when they knew it , the President, Vice President, White House Counsel, and other top officials Cummings writes in the letter . The request comes after a blockbuster New York Times report that Flynn ’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn informed the Trump transition team weeks ahead of the inauguration that Flynn was under former national security adviser Michael Flynn for allegedly working for the Turkish government during the 2016 presidential campaign .   The letter also comes the the letter that Flynn said he former national security adviser Michael Flynn not former national security adviser Michael Flynn with a Senate intelligence committee subpoena for information and will invoke the Fifth Amendment .   In the letter , Cummings accuses Chaffetz the letter the interests of the investigation by not subpoenaing the records . Time is ticking as Chaffetz is expected to step down as Chaffetz member of Congress on June 30 . " In refusing our requests for a subpoena , you have made the same argument as President Trump     that you believe the White House bears no responsibility for vetting General Flynn for the position of National Security Advisor because he received his latest security clearance renewal the position of National Security Advisor the the position of National Security Advisor Administration in early 2016 , " the letter goes on . The oversight committee had previously sent a bipartisan request to the White House that it wanted any the White House the Trump transition The oversight committee vetted Flynn as well as any communication White House officials may have had about Flynn ’s the White House to foreign nationals . 
 Flynn Flynn 