Kathleen Willey and Paula Jones , both of whom have accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault , are standing up for Bill Clinton rape accuser Juanita Broaddrick . [ Kathleen Willey and Paula Jones are Paula Jones that NBC News Anchor Andrea Mitchell issue a public apology for baselessly calling Broaddrick " discredited " during a segment that aired May 19 on the    Today Show .   Following a letter from Broaddrick ’s attorney demanding a retraction , NBC deleted NBC News " discredited " referenced from the Internet version of Mitchell ’s Andrea Mitchell . But NBC has NBC News fulfilled Broaddrick ’s Broaddrick’s which she says was communicated in the letter a letter from Broaddrick’s attorney demanding a retraction an apology from Mitchell on Andrea Mitchell Today the   Today Show well as an acknowledgement on the show and on the   Today Show NBC News that there is no information indicating that Broaddrick ’s story is untrue . Broaddrick Broaddrick’s this reporter , Willey and Jones both had strong words for Mitchell and her claim against Broaddrick . Willey called for Mitchell Broaddrick resign , while Mitchell exclaimed , Mitchell How would she explain Jones supporting all rape victims , Mitchell of her politics , to her granddaughters ? " Mitchell stated : " Mitchell absolutely should apologize Mitchell Then she should Mitchell . She never was anything Mitchell a JV ‘ Mitchell when she was in her prime . What has Mitchell contributed lately Mitchell groveling at the altar Mitchell Hillary Clinton ? She should be ashamed of herself . " Mitchell demanded : " Andrea Mitchell should absolutely apologize to Juanita publicly and in the same way that she discredited her . She should be ashamed Juanita herself Juanita How Juanita she explain not supporting Juanita rape victims , Juanita of her politics , to her granddaughters ? I Juanita that Juanita also Juanita to know why or who Juanita her opinion .    …      It needs Juanita be explained . " Earlier this month , Breitbart News reported that without any public acknowledgement and following the letter on behalf of Broaddrick , NBC edited the Internet edition of Mitchell ’s segment in which the anchor claimed Broaddrick ’s rape accusation had been " discredited Broaddrick " Following publicity of its edit , NBC News posted on the Broaddrick that hosts Breitbart News the following qualifier : Editor ’s Note : In the original version of this report , we referred to Ms. Broaddrick ’s allegations as " discredited . " While questions have been raised about her account , upon review , on May 19 Ms. Broaddrick we removed that word . Regarding the NBC action we Broaddrick told me earlier this month during a radio Ms. Broaddrick , " NBC has always protected him . And Hillary . NBC She continued : Ms. Broaddrick And I do n’t think Ms. Broaddrick is ever going to change . I do n’t understand it . I think it ’s wrong . But there ’s really nothing it this point that I could do about it . I ’m just glad , Aaron , it they did at least take out ‘ discredited’ from their report and made the caption that they had they it out . Of course , they article is what forced that . " Instead of fulfilling Broaddrick ’s request for a public apology , a staffer from NBC informed Broaddrick ’s attorney and son , Kevin L. Hickey Broaddrick’s the " discredited " statement had been removed , Broaddrick and Hickey said . " It is incredibly disappointing that NBC and Andrea Mitchell will not publicly apologize for this NBC error , especially considering that NBC has retroactively edited the online version of the story NBC taken out the word ‘ discredited,’ " Hickey told Breitbart News . " Why not now go the extra step , the morally right step , and publicly acknowledge the mistake and publicly apologize ? " he said . " My mom ’s credibility was just discredited,’" Hickey for Lisa Myers and NBC when the story was initially aired . Nothing has NBC . the story apparently thinks it is okay to disparage a victim NBC this and then do nothing to rectify the situation . " During the " Today Show " segment in question , which aired live on May 19 , Mitchell was reporting on an interview with Fox News host Sean Hannity in which Donald Trump utilized the word " rape " while discussing accusations against Bill Clinton regarding women . In the initial segment , which can be seen below , Mitchell stated : " Donald Trump using that word unprompted , Mitchell an interview last Donald Trump Fox News’ Sean Hannity . Bringing up a discredited and    accusation against former president Bill Clinton , dating back to 1978 when he was Arkansas Attorney General . " The scrubbed segment on NBC former president Bill Clinton website , seen below , has Mitchell omitting the word " discredited . " She now says : " Donald Trump using that word unprompted , Mitchell an interview last night with Fox News’ the word "discredited . Bringing up ( sic )    accusation against former president Bill Clinton , dating back to 1978 when he was Arkansas Attorney General . " Neither Mitchell nor the network provided former president Bill Clinton documentation or evidence to back up Mitchell " discredited " claim . As critics pointed out in response to Mitchell ’s claim , Broaddrick ’s accusation has not been discredited . Mitchell vetted Broaddrick ’s story when she originally broke her silence by speaking to the network Broaddrick show Dateline in Broaddrick . The Broaddrick also caught up with Norma Rodgers , Broaddrick ’s friend and employee the network confirmed Broaddrick ’s story of how Norma Broaddrick in her hotel room in the immediate Broaddrick the incident with a badly swollen Broaddrick and mouth Norma that Broaddrick ’s pantyhose had been ripped off . Broaddrick had stated that Clinton bit her on Broaddrick lip during the alleged rape , which Broaddrick said transpired in 1978 at her Clinton in a badly swollen lip and mouth Rock hotel . NBC ’s Lisa Myers Clinton who conducted the 1999 interview Clinton Broaddrick for the network , stated in a 2014 interview that " [ N]othing has come Broaddrick since that story was reported that in any way undercuts what Juanita Broaddrick said . " Myers has since retired from the network . NBC ’s Shoddy Broaddrick Broaddrick , NBC has a history of minimizing Broaddrick ’s rape the network In NBC , Broaddrick Broaddrick that NBC ’s NBC told her by Broaddrick the network would not conduct a new Broaddrick with Broaddrick " because NBC have Broaddrick new to add " since Broaddrick the network public in an NBC Broaddrick in 1999 . An NBC News spokesperson confirmed to BuzzFeed Broaddrick January that the network pursued an interview NBC the rape accuser but decided against running a story after purportedly establishing that there was nothing the network " When Juanita Broaddrick went public last week , NBC News sent an associate producer to Arkansas to see if Broaddrick anything new in her story . We established there was not NBC News decided not to pursue it any further , " Broaddrick spokesperson said at the time . NBC seems to be overlooking a series of new revelations from Broaddrick Broaddrick : NBC Held Interview Until After Clinton Impeachment Vote , After filming the 1999 interview , NBC Broaddrick 35 days until finally airing the exclusive . The timeline is critical . The Senate voted to acquit Clinton in the impeachment case on NBC 12 . NBC ’s interview , conducted January 20 , 1999 , did not run until Feb. 24 , Clinton the network placed it opposite the    Grammy NBC Some have questioned NBC ’s motivation in waiting to air Broaddrick ’s charge of rape . " The    interval between tape and air is now one of the legends NBC impeachment process . Why did n’t the American public get to hear Mrs. Broaddrick before the Senate voted to acquit Mr. Clinton on Feb. 12 ? " wrote Philip Weiss in the Observer in 1999 . Speaking in 1999 , Broaddrick vice president Bill Wheatley vehemently denied the network deliberately held the interview until after the Senate vote . He said NBC took the normal period of time for properly vetting stories . " There was no pressure from the White House , period . the Senate as some NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley claiming was there any pressure from NBC or G. E. corporate    to kill the story , " said Wheatley . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau NBC and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk NBC News vice president Bill Wheatley program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow Aaron Klein Follow him on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 