Washington ( CNN ) Top congressional leaders from each party expressed buyer ’s remorse Thursday about a controversial new law that was enacted over President Barack Obama ’s objections that allows    families to sue Saudi Arabia .    Just one day after these lawmakers led the first override of a veto during President Barack Obama ’s presidency these lawmakers publicly called for making changes to a controversial new law that was enacted over President Barack Obama . But even as they these lawmakers they these lawmakers with some of the White House ’s concerns , GOP leaders quickly blamed the President for " dropping the ball " for failing to engage with Congress on the legislation before it the legislation .    The the White House’s n’t hold back in its criticism after the White House’s the House and Senate voted decisively on Wednesday to overturn Obama ’s veto of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act , also referred to as JASTA . The President called the vote Wednesday " political Wednesday and his spokesman ripped The President move as the " single most embarrassing thing " Congress has done in decades . EXCLUSIVE : Obama says Congress Obama a Congress vote’ overriding his veto of Obama lawsuit bill , Echoing concerns raised by the White House that the measure could open the US to similar lawsuits from people in other countries , House Speaker Paul the White House said the law needs to be changed to ensure that US troops are protected . " I ’d like to think there is a way we can fix it so that our service members we not have legal problems overseas while still protecting the rights of the    victims , " Ryan said at House Speaker Paul Ryan weekly news House Speaker Paul Ryan .    The speaker voiced his own reservations House Speaker Paul Ryan the bill earlier this year , saying people needed to look at the unintended consequences . But he explained that House Speaker Paul Ryan ultimately decided House Speaker Paul Ryan allow a House vote on it because " you want to make sure that the    victims and their families get their day in the   victims and their families . " Asked if Congress would try to fix the law when it returns for the law    session , Ryan replied , " I do n’t know . " OPINION : Will Saudis seek revenge for Congress’ veto override ? Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , speaking at a separate news conference , shared Ryan ’s concerns Ryan " It appears there may be some unintended ramifications of that and I do think it ’s worth further It , " he said .   Ryan But it ’s certainly is It something that was going to be fixed this week . " McConnell said Obama did Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reach out to him until this week Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell which this week the bill had passed both chambers , been vetoed , and was facing an override vote that clearly was going to succeed .    " That was    good example of the failure to communicate early about a piece of legislation that was obviously very popular , " McConnell said .   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell explained that lawmakers Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell very focused on the needs of the    families and did n’t take the time to think through the consequences . " Because everyone was aware who the potential beneficiaries were , but nobody focused on the potential downside in terms of our international relationships . And I just think it was a ball dropped , " McConnell said . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell wish the President     and I hate to blame everything on him and I do n’t the President     but it would have been helpful had . .. we had a discussion about this much earlier than the last week . " RELATED : Trump Hill backers : Stay away from personal Clinton attacks , White House press secretary Josh Earnest blasted lawmakers for their second thoughts and said lawmakers were ample warnings from the administration of the dangerous consequences of the law . " What ’s true in elementary school is true in the United States Congress : ignorance is not an excuse , " Earnest said . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi White House typically one of the White House ’s strongest White House to override the President ’s veto and told reporters she was never pressed by the President to help prevent it from being overturned . She called the President’s veto President ’s concerns about she fallout the President’s legitimate " and acknowledged , " I do think that perhaps it could have been written in a little bit the President’s veto a different way that addressed some of the concerns . The families did think that they the President’s concerns about potential fallout with allies "legitimate" but not to the satisfaction of the The families obviously . " Pelosi disagreed with the the President remark that it was a " the President’s " While she said she did n’t see his comments , she said the timing Pelosi Congress Pelosi up the President’s measure was because the Pelosi of the terror attacks pressed for it to pass around the 15th anniversary of the deaths of their loved the measure . RELATED : Harry Reid : Trump is GOP ’s the families of the terror attacks monster’ Sen. Chuck Schumer , who is expected to be the next Democratic leader next year , is the chief sponsor of the legislation . The New Yorker said he was open to changing the law but not in any way that The New Yorker hurt the    families , many of whom are his constituents .    " So I will look at anything , " The New Yorker said at a news conference . " But it has to be something that does n’t weaken the bill and limit the rights of these families to get their day in court and justice . " Schumer spoke while standing next these families Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid , who Schumer lobbied this week by Obama to sustain his veto , and his was the lone senator to do so . Schumer even read aloud Schumer a meeting of his Democratic caucus a letter Schumer had written to him outlining his concerns Schumer the bill . Asked Obama explain his thinking Schumer Reid Schumer .    " No , no . I Schumer got my Schumer here . I ’m not going to talk about it , " he said . One senator who wanted to talk more about the legislation Schumer it became law was Bob Corker ,    the chairman of the Foreign the legislation Committee .    Corker said he tried to arrange a meeting this weekend with Senate leaders Bob Corker Obama Bob Corker and Secretary of State John Kerry to discuss " a better route " for the legislation . " We were unable to get the meeting , " a frustrated Corker said on the floor . " a meeting that still are unknown Bob Corker me , that was not achievable . There was no desire whatsoever to sit down and meet . " RELATED : Ryan : ’I’m tired of divided government . It does n’t work very well’ Earnest said the White House had spoken to ’I’m tired of divided government . " He ’s going to have to explain to his constituents Bob Corker he supported a Earnest of legislation that he claims to harbor Earnest concerns about Earnest " Earnest said of Corker . Earnest spearheaded a letter Wednesday signed by 28 bipartisan senators raising Bob Corker with Bob Corker law and saying they would consider changes to it , a particularly unusual missive on the Bob Corker the President ’s veto was turned back . " Every one of those senators that signed the letter voted for the bill , including Sen. Corker . So obviously they a letter Wednesday signed by 28 bipartisan senators raising concerns with the law and saying they would consider changes to it, a particularly unusual missive on the day was better to the President’s veto Bob Corker Bob Corker , " Schumer Bob Corker . As for Obama calling his vote    Schumer the President’s veto charge . ’I look at the families , it ’s hardly political Schumer me Schumer Schumer said . " I ’ve worked with these families for the charge years . I feel Schumer pain . Schumer 
 the families the families 