Hillary Clinton responded to a popular Internet meme which suggests that the Democratic presidential candidate ’s debate wardrobe was highly influenced by the    recording label Death Row Records in an interview on radio program The Breakfast Club this week . [ " I think Death Row and a lot of other fashion sources have influenced my look , do n’t you ? " Hillary Clinton said .   . @HillaryClinton has seen the Death Row Records meme ! Watch the full interview here : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Breakfast Club ( @breakfastclubam ) October 26 , 2016 ,   The question became relevant after a photo of Hillary Clinton wearing nearly identical outfits as Death Row Records founder Suge Knight and rappers Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg went viral online . We gone sit here and act like Hillary Clinton ai n’t been representing Death Death Row Records all 3 debates ? pic . twitter .    —    BlackGoldLuxury . com ( @double_cupp_me ) October 20 , 2016 ,   Clinton Hillary Clinton that she Hillary Clinton take time to pay attention to Internet memes , like the one above . When asked how to best " get guns off the streets , " Clinton Hillary Clinton gun violence is a " public health epidemic " and the " number one cause of death for young    men . " Clinton Hillary Clinton said that dealing with police brutality has been her Hillary Clinton highest priory through this campaign . " " We have to face up to systemic racism we see it We jobs , we see it We education it we see it in housing it " Clinton Hillary Clinton . " But let ’s be really it , it ’s a it part of what where ’s facing in the criminal justice system . " Clinton Hillary Clinton took a few jabs at Trump supporters while explaining how she Hillary Clinton to " heal all these divides . " " What Trump has done Trump to make it possible for people who have racist and sexist and all kinds of prejudices and bigotry to put them right out people who have racist and sexist and all kinds of prejudices and bigotry , " Clinton Hillary Clinton . " But what he Hillary Clinton done really [ is ] unleashed a lot of darkness and divisiveness . " The interview occurred on Clinton Hillary Clinton 69th birthday . Legendary singer Stevie Wonder also appeared during the interview . The interview black jacket with white letters that said " 1st ♀ president , " Wonder endorsed Clinton Hillary Clinton Legendary singer Stevie Wonder and Clinton’s a special rendition of Legendary singer Stevie Wonder Happy Birthday . " In an April interview on the same New York radio show , Clinton Hillary Clinton to pandering to black voters by feigning affinity for    culture . As Breitbart News reporter Charlie Spiering notes , Clinton Hillary Clinton the interview celebrating singer Beyoncé an April interview on the same New York radio show that she Hillary Clinton n’t pronounce her Hillary Clinton Clinton Hillary Clinton for using the term " " to describe    black people she praised Steve Harvey ’s fashion singer Beyoncé , and talked about playing dominos in Harlem , among other things . Watch the full interview below .     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 