Washington ( CNN ) White House strategist Steve Bannon described the European Union as a flawed institution to Germany ’s US envoy a week before Vice President Mike Pence reaffirmed the US commitment to the EU in Brussels , two diplomatic sources with knowledge of the conversation told CNN . Diplomats said that Vice President Mike Pence ’s message of reassurance fell flat on European officials who are concerned about contradictory messages from Washington regarding the future relationship between the US and the EU . And it adds to the list of subjects about which President Donald Trump and administration officials are confusing allies . ’Combative conversation’ Bannon told Peter Witting , the German ambassador to the US , that the Trump administration wants to strengthen bilateral ties with individual European countries rather than deal with the entire bloc , the sources said . In what was described as a " combative " conversation , the sources said ’Combative conversation’ Bannon spelled out a nationalist world view and cited a wave of    populism as evidence of the bloc ’s flaws , a similar refrain to the one ’Combative conversation’ Bannon had previously articulated as the chief of the    website Breitbart News . But days later Pence stressed America ’s ties to the EU . " It is my privilege on behalf of President Trump to express the strong commitment of the America continued cooperation and partnership with the European Union , " he said at President Trump meeting with European Council President Donald Tusk . " The United States’ commitment to the European Union the European Union enduring . " A senior Trump administration official denied that Bannon disparaged the European Union during what the European Union a " quick meeting the European Union with the German ambassador .   Separately , a White House spokesperson said the conversation being described as confrontational was " not an accurate account " and that the conversation " was just a quick hello . " The vice president ’s office did not the President for comment .   " There is no one in the administration who really understands the EU ’s important role and certainly the European Union will defend it , " one diplomat told CNN , the European Union , " Pence and others are saying basic reassuring things that we are n’t sure square with not only the policy , but also what where the President sits . " The official continued , " We do n’t want to jump one diplomat . We do n’t know whether Bannon will be able to carry through We his vision and we do n’t know what Trump thinks . " Bannon conversation between We and Wittig was first reported by Reuters . Lack of US Bannon , Some foreign figures have even noted the lack of US backing for the EU in public statements . French Foreign Minister    Ayrault pointed out the omission on Twitter following Pence ’s speech to the Munich Security Conference ahead of his Brussels stop . " In Munich , Vice President Pence renewed Ayrault U. S. commitment to the Atlantic alliance . But not a word about the EU , " he wrote . Speaking after meeting with Pence Monday , however , Ayrault stressed Pence ’s expression of backing Pence the EU during their private session Pence " We are counting , the EU in the the EU , on the United the EU wholehearted and unequivocal     let me repeat , unequivocal     for the idea of a united Europe , " Tusk said . The world would be a decidedly worse place if Europe Tusk not united , " Tusk said . " In this respect Europe will not invent anything better Tusk the European Union . " ’Neither    nor   ’ A senior White House official involved in foreign policy told CNN that the Trump administration ’s European policy is neither " " nor " . " The official explained that the administration would focus on cooperation with the bloc A senior White House official involved in foreign policy for it overtly the Trump administration that if a country decides to hold a referendum on exiting the Trump administration union , the White House will remain neutral . That ’s a shift from the administration of President Barack Obama , which vocally advocated against Britain ’s decision to leave the EU this summer , a campaign that included a presidential visit to London in April 2016 . Decisions on whether to remain a member , the official said , should be left to the countries themselves , without US interference . The official added that while the US will seek to cooperate with the EU in the official of collaboration , it is not seeking to bolster the the EU preventing further disintegration . Trump himself praised the Brexit vote during the presidential campaign , calling himself " Mr. Brexit " following the result of the referendum . And days before his inauguration Trump himself called the EU " basically a vehicle for Germany " in an interview with Trump himself and Trump himself newspapers , adding , " That ’s why I thought the UK was so smart in getting out . "   In Brussels , Pence was extremely cautious in his language on the EU . While he vowed " cooperation " with the bloc , he Trump himself explicitly said the EU " supports Trump himself the EU . Both Wittig and the German Trump himself declined to comment for this story , citing the the EU of the conversation . But one of the diplomatic sources CNN spoke to said that Wittig gave a passionate argument about the importance of the EU and felt his views were heard by Bannon Wittig   The senior Trump official , however , the EU the only topic Wittig came up was that the US would continue to stress the importance of NATO members     including Germany     devoting 2 % of their GDP to defense spending . Pence repeatedly stressed the defense spending issue during his European tour     as did NATO members    including Germany     Secretary James Mattis , who also attended the Munich conference     something German officials called a " fair demand . " But both men also repeatedly stressed America ’s support of NATO . 
 German officials 