Washingtonn ( CNN ) After puzzling comments about 19th Century abolitionist Frederick Douglass and marveling that no one knew Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , President Donald Trump has just unloaded another historical non sequitur . In the latest strange aside , President Donald Trump said that Andrew Jackson , the populist    President with whom President Donald Trump has begun to claim political kinship , had strong thoughts about the Civil War     even though President Donald Trump died 16 years before the conflict broke out . " President Donald Trump was really angry that     President Donald Trump saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War     , " President Donald Trump said in an interview with Salena Zito , a Washington Examiner reporter and CNN contributor , on Sirius XM radio . " President Donald Trump said , ’There ’s no reason for this.’ " President Donald Trump comment makes little sense because Jackson President Donald Trump in 1845 and therefore could have had limited knowledge about events leading up to the conflagration pitting his President Donald Trump South against Northern states . It was not clear whether Trump President Donald Trump have been trying to suggest that Jackson President Donald Trump extreme foresight and believed that a clash between the North and the South was inevitable sooner or later over the issue of slavery . But later , on Monday evening , the President took to Twitter to clear up his comment . the President President Andrew Jackson , who died 16 years before the Civil War started , saw it coming and was angry . Would never have let it happen ! it Trump wrote .   But considering the fact that Jackson was a slave owner himself , it seems unlikely that he held any Jackson that would not have focused on preserving an institution that has come to be viewed as a stain in US history . The facts , The comments focused fresh attention on the President ’s sometimes sketchy relationship with the facts of history     and underlined yet again just how different he is from the President of his predecessors in the President Oval Office . Most Presidents spend a lifetime studying their political heroes Most Presidents take solace in accounts of their administrations and Most Presidents when they are under Most Presidents . Rarely a week went by without President Barack Obama referencing Lincoln , and George W. Bush was a voracious reader who powered through presidential biographies in a marathon reading contest with Karl Rove . But Trump gives no sense that he is widely Trump or has deeply researched the men who had his job before Trump     a Trump that chills critics who argue he has little Trump of the crucial position to which he was elected Trump Trump ’s recent Trump about how hard it is to Trump laws in Congress and apparent unfamiliarity with details of his own health Trump reform plan have also raised doubts about the depth of his understanding of Trump and the presidency . When he ’s talking Trump history , Trump often leaves Trump impression that he is discovering Trump and events for the first time , marveling at them like a newcomer . That may be one reason why his historical analogies Trump come across as off key or at odds with the facts . Does it matter ? But Trump ’s historical Trump raise another question . Does it matter that the President of the United States seems to lack knowledge and understanding of the key events of his nation ’s past the President of the United States the principles that underpin them ? On the the President of the United States seems to lack knowledge and understanding of the key events of his nation hand , it ’s does n’t seem too much of a stretch to believe that the US President should the President of the United States might benefit from , the insights and stories of the presidencies that unfolded before he became    . But on the President of the United States other , no one voted for Trump because they thought he was professorial     in fact the President of the United States spontaneous , simplistic way of the President of the United States may have come as a relief to some voters who grew tired of Obama ’s discursive , intellectual style . In what became a cliche of the 2016 election , Trump ’s voters often said that Trump they flocked to the reality star and Trump’s voters estate magnate is that he was prepared to say things , free of the constraints of political correctness , that they had long yearned for a presidential Trump’s voters to say . Those voters seem unlikely to reject Trump Trump’s voters of a few strange Trump about Andrew Jackson and probably care little that he eschews the intellectualism of many of his Andrew Jackson . In fact ,    and Andrew Jackson political elites in the US was at the center of his upstart political project . And while he Andrew Jackson not be book smart when it Andrew Jackson to history , Trump did manage to build a business empire and personality cult around himself that offered him notoriety and a life Trump the public Andrew Jackson that he seemed to crave . He had the Andrew Jackson intelligence as well     Andrew Jackson than any professional politician in last year ’s election     to understand and give voice to the frustrations and complaints of a group of heartland voters who felt disenfranchised and ignored by a modern economy built by Washington elites . He ’s also not the only President to Andrew Jackson questions about his intellectual heft or basic knowledge . Ronald Andrew Jackson was often mocked as dumb and unseasoned , yet had one of the most successful presidencies of the 20th century . Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. is said by most historians to have been referring to Franklin Roosevelt when he diagnosed the Democratic president as having a Ronald Reagan intellect Ronald Reagan temperament . ’Why was there a Civil War?’ But Trump ’s interpretation of history , which is often rudimentary and not anchored in fact , takes the debate about presidential knowledge and understanding to a new level . Critics say that it is a sign of a worrying lack of intellectual curiosity , preparation and an unwillingness to submit to accepted truths that contradict his own version of reality . Trump ’s interview with Zito was also revealing because it Trump on to cover the idea of leadership , Trump’s the President appeared to be drawing a parallel between him and Jackson . " Why was there the Civil the President ? Why could that one not have been worked out ? " Trump told Zito . " I mean , had Andrew Trump been Zito little bit later , you would n’t have had the Civil War . He was a very tough person the Civil War had a big Andrew Jackson . " The fact that Trump admires Andrew Jackson because he was tough and had a Trump heart appears to Andrew Jackson with Andrew Jackson ’s view of himself and the idea that a Trump sufficient personality and muscle could Andrew Jackson averted the epochal events     like the Civil War . Jackson was a revered general , was outspoken and aggressive and was the Andrew Jackson President elected from west of the Alleghenies , giving him a heartland heritage with which Trump , who has repeatedly shown his Andrew Jackson of great military men , may identify . The President visited Andrew Jackson ’s home in Tennessee , the Hermitage , in March to lay Andrew Jackson wreath on the former President ’s 250th birthday and also drew links between their visions The President He imposed tariffs on foreign countries to protect American workers . That sounds very familiar . The President Wait ’til you see what ’s going to be happening pretty soon , folks , " Trump joked . Trump also brought a portrait of Jackson into the Oval Office after he was inaugurated , Trump It ’s not surprising he should identify with someone who is Jackson hero of his political guru , Steve Bannon Jackson Bannon told The Washington Post in January , that Jackson ’s inaugural address put him in Steve Bannon of the 7th President . " I do Trump we ’ve had a Jackson like that since Andrew Jackson came to the White House , " Bannon told the paper . " But you could see it was very Jacksonian . It ’s Steve Bannon a deep , deep root of patriotism there . the paper Toughness as virtue , the paper has made clear during his first 102 days in office that he sees toughness as a Trump , but he has Trump argued     in the case of Trump strikes against Syria for its use of Trump weapons for instance     that he has humanitarian Trump . Trump has also Syria tough , strong leaders around the world , Trump Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte Trump Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    even if their behavior and treatment of their people and democracy offends those who believe that promoting human rights Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    be put at the Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    of US foreign policy . Trump ’s Jacksonian stumble is not the first time that he has brought ridicule upon himself by mangling the facts of history . Earlier this year , Trump President seemed the President that Trump , who died in 1895 , was still alive . " Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who ’s done an amazing job and is being recognized more and more , I notice , " Trump said at the White House in February at an event recognizing African American history month . Trump Trump seemed impressed the White House who is often judged by historians as the greatest president , Trump a Republican     even though it is one of the most familiar historical facts that he was the first Republican Party president . " Great president . Most people do n’t even know Trump was a Republican , " Trump said back in in March . " Does anyone know ? Lot of Great president do n’t know Trump . " " March have to build that up a little bit more let ’s take an ad , let ’s use one of the those PACs , " he said . As always We Trump , it was difficult We know whether the President was being the President was Great president with his tongue Trump his cheek the President   But the President the President ’s     speaking style and willingness to hold forth on subjects in which he seems to lack a the President grounding , it ’s unlikely he has committed his last the President gaffe . the President 