Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s new campaign manager said " rape would not exist " if women and men had equal physical capabilities in a television appearance that has been resurfaced by critics who say Donald Trump has a problem with women .   READ : Donald Trump women problem , Kellyanne Conway , who was installed as Trump Donald Trump manager earlier this month , made the remarks during a panel discussion on PBS’ " To the Contrary " in January 2013 .   " If we were physiologically     not mentally , emotionally , professionally     equal to men , if we were we as strong as men , rape would not exist , " Conway said Kellyanne Conway " You would be able to defend yourself and Kellyanne Conway him off Kellyanne Conway " READ : Ivanka Trump , a champion for women ? The panel of women had been discussing women in the military and gender equality in combat . Conway brought Kellyanne Conway the analogy unprompted , using it as the analogy of a statement about women ’s physical capabilities in relation to men ’s .    READ : Poll : Clinton holds lead in Pennsylvania , Later in the show , she went Clinton to discuss the use of sexual assault as a weapon of war as a downside of women on the front lines .   Conway did Clinton respond to a CNN request for clarification .   The remarks were resurfaced by an    super PAC , the Democratic Coalition Against Trump , who called the comments evidence that the Trump campaign does n’t understand " acceptable political views . "   " We can not have a reality show in the White House the stakes are just too high , especially for women , " said National Finance Director Francesca Lucia . The group also quoted " The Daily Show "    Lizz Winstead , who founded Lady Parts Justice and Artists Against Trump , Trump slamming the comments .   " Most people who think like Donald Trump Trump express their views in Most people who think like Donald Trump , because they ’re shameful Most people who think like Donald Trump But not Kellyanne Conway . Not Eric Trump , when he said that Ivanka would n’t allow herself to be Ivanka to sexual harassment . And certainly not Donald Trump himself , " Winstead said . " They seem to think it ’s acceptable to blame rape victims for their assaults , rape victims women the right to control their own health women , and downplay sexual harassment in the workplace . It ’s not . " Planned Parenthood ’s Conway remarks . " Conway fits a dangerous Trump campaign pattern certainly not Donald Trump himself not understanding or caring about the struggles , discrimination , and even sexual violence that women face every day in this country , " the group said in a statement Tuesday . 
 