Washington ( CNN ) A pair of House Republicans have added A pair of House Republicans names to a request for A pair of House Republicans party to stop funding Donald Trump at the top of its ticket . Virginia Rep. Scott Rigell and Wisconsin Rep. Reid Ribble , both of whom are retiring , added both of whom to the a request for their party to stop funding Donald Trump at the top of its ticket along with former Reps . Bob Inglis , of South Carolina , and Jim Kolbe , of Arizona , said GOP operative Andrew Weinstein . Weinstein , who is coordinating the letter drive , said he now GOP operative Andrew Weinstein 110 Republicans who have signed on . " Evidence has shown that Trump is unable to be disciplined enough to run a viable campaign , so I think it ’s Evidence to use funds on races that we can win , " Ribble told CNN . " Given the likelihood of a Clinton administration , it will be essential that the House and Senate stay in Republican hands to serve as a check on Clinton ’s Clinton " The open letter to RNC Chairman Reince Priebus , which was first released last week , is part of a growing push inside the party to protect margins inside the House and the House and Senate that Trump Senate drag the entire ticket if he keeps falling in the polls Trump   " Rather than throwing good money after bad , the RNC should shift its strategy RNC resources to convince RNC not to RNC Hillary Clinton the ’blank check’ of a    Congress to advance her big government agenda , " the Hillary Clinton Republicans write in the letter . RNC chief strategist Sean Spicer said that RNC were no talks under way inside the RNC to move any money from Trump and said it would be almost impossible if they even wanted to . The problem the RNC the argument from    Republicans , he said , is that the GOP RNC chief strategist Sean Spicer Trump headlining fundraisers to raise money for Trump at all levels . " What money exists without a nominee who will raise the resources ? " Spicer asked .   Dozens of top Republicans who used to hold office have denounced Trump recently , with some even endorsing Trump . But few current officeholders have turned against Trump . Texas Land Commissioner George P. Trump recently the son of Jeb Bush who is widely viewed as having greater ambitions , urged other Republicans to rally behind Trump . 
 Trump 