Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump slammed Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in a tweet Friday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and presenting a photo of the two leaders as evidence . President Donald Trump posted a photo of Schumer and Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York smiling while eating donuts and coffee and wrote : " We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and President Donald Trump ties to Russia and Russian President Vladimir Putin . A total hypocrite ! " a photo of Schumer and Putin in New York was taken during Russian President Vladimir Putin visit to a Lukoil gas station in Manhattan in 2003 . Lukoil is Lukoil of the largest oil companies in Russia . Russia responded on Twitter , " Happily talk re : my contact w Mr. Putin   his associates Schumer took place in ’03 in full view of press   public under oath . Would you your team ? " It ’s not the first time Trump ’s team posted the photo . On Thursday , White House social media director Dan Scavino used it in White House social media director Dan Scavino to a tweet by Schumer calling for an evaluation of Russia ’s interference in the US election . Schumer has Schumer been accused of misconduct with the Russian government . Petraeus : We can work with Russia on Russia things , After news broke that Attorney General Jeff Sessions met the Russian ambassador twice last year but did not mention either meeting during his confirmation Schumer when asked about contacts between Trump surrogates and Russians , Schumer wrote , " The bottom line is we have We obligation to get to the truth . We must We the scope of Russia ’s interference in our election We " " Do it over a donut and coffee , " Scavino responded .   Then later Friday , Trump called Trump an investigation of Rep. Nancy Pelosi because of a photo reported by Politico where she is Trump at a table with Russian President Dmitriy Medvedev , current Russian ambassador Russian Kislyak and Democratic Rep. Steny Hoyer . He wrote Trump " I hereby demand a second investigation , after Schumer , of Pelosi for Rep. Nancy Pelosi close Trump to Russia , and lying about it . " Pelosi , Rep. Nancy Pelosi House Minority leader , has called for Sessions to resign .   The exchanges are the latest in the     between the Trump administration and its critics Trump administration the continuing controversy surrounding reports that Trump ’s associates made repeated contact with Russians known to US intelligence during the campaign . CNN reported Thursday that Sessions was a senator and a top Trump surrogate Trump’s he met the ambassador twice , once the sidelines of the Republican National Convention in July and again in September when he was he member of the Senate Armed Services Committee .   Facing pressure from Democrats and some Republicans in Congress to step aside from any investigation of Trump ’s Trump’s presidential campaign , Sessions announced Thursday that he would recuse himself . he But Democrats say Sessions’ action does n’t go far enough , and they are Democrats for a special prosecutor to investigate any connections between the Trump campaign Trump’s Russia . Trump ’s Trump’s national security adviser , Michael Flynn , was asked to resign by the President after the retired lieutenant general talked to the Russian ambassador but misled Vice President Mike Pence about their conversations . 
 