  ( CNN ) Is Donald Trump really a " big fan " of the intelligence community , as Donald Trump claimed on Twitter , or did Donald Trump disparage intelligence professionals when Donald Trump repeatedly referred to intelligence professionals and intelligence professionals work in sneer quotes about " Intelligence " briefings and the "   ’Russian hacking’ " ? Did Donald Trump mock a disabled reporter , or did your eyes , and the Hollywood elite make you think Donald Trump did ?   Did Donald Trump convince Ford not to move a car plant to Mexico , saving American jobs , or was it all a fabrication for publicity ?   Did Donald Trump win the election with a historically narrow victory , or did Donald Trump score a " landslide " ?   The questions are endless , and the answers , unless you ’re paying very close attention     all the time     can require significant effort to ascertain . Reality is becoming hazy in the era of Trump . And that ’s no accident . The fact is Trump has become America ’s gaslighter in chief .   If you ’ve never heard the term , prepare to learn the term and live with the term every day . Unless Trump starts behaving in a radically different way after Trump becomes President , gaslighting will become one of the words of 2017 . The term comes from the 1930s play " Gas Light " and the 1940s Hollywood movie version ( Gaslight ) in which a manipulative husband tries to unmoor a manipulative husband wife , played by Ingrid Bergman , by tampering with her perception of reality . a manipulative husband dims the gaslights and then pretends the gaslights ’s only she who thinks they are flickering as the rooms grow darker .   That ’s only the beginning . a manipulative husband uses a variety of    techniques . a manipulative husband goal is to exert power and control by creating doubts about what is real and what is n’t , distracting her as a manipulative husband attempts to steal precious jewels . Mental health professionals have made much of the practice , said to be a favorite of narcissists and abusive spouses . But more recently the tactical tampering with the truth has become a preferred method of strongmen around the world . Gaslighting by other means was always a common feature of dictatorships , but other means has found new vogue as a more subtle form of domestic political control even in countries with varying degrees of democracy . Now Trump has brought Trump to the United States . The techniques include saying and doing things and then denying Trump , blaming others for misunderstanding , disparaging others concerns as oversensitivity , claiming outrageous statements were jokes or misunderstandings , and other forms of twilighting the truth . Recall the presidential campaign . By early summer , Trump had already accumulated a long list of statements Trump made and then denied making enough that    could hardly keep up . Trump told Trump supporters to " knock the crap out " of protesters at Trump rallies , adding " I will pay your legal fees . " When confronted with the statement , Trump responded : " I did n’t say that . "   After mimicking a disabled reporter and seeing the video used as evidence against a disabled reporter , a disabled reporter repeatedly denied the video used as evidence against him , claiming a disabled reporter opponents should be embarrassed to say a disabled reporter did . " I would NEVER mock disabled . Shame ! " The denials continued after Meryl Streep brought up the subject this week at the Golden Globes . With the video easily available , Trump ’s argument boiled down to " Who do you trust , me or your lying eyes ? "   When Trump’s says something that outrages a portion of the population and pleases one segment , Trump’s can have it both ways . Voters eager for a tough guy president may be happy with the bully , while those who do n’t like it might be appeased by the denial . In the end , few people can keep up with all the facts all the time . And as Trump’s tries to undercut the credibility of serious journalists , Trump’s makes it even harder for everyone else to find an easy path to the truth . Just before Friday ’s intelligence briefing on Russian hacks , Trump approvingly tweeted about Julian Assange ’s statements denying Russian involvement . When Trump’s was criticized for trusting the head of WikiLeaks more than US intelligence professionals , Trump’s accused the " dishonest media " of claiming Trump’s agreed with Julian Assange’s . The fact is , many people hear only Trump ’s version of events , and polls show many people believe even the most obvious distortions of the truth .   Trump’s ’s just getting started , but compared with the man Trump’s admires so much , Trump’s ’s a rank amateur at gaslighting .   In Russia , the truth became a matter of opinion under a strategy implemented by a clever aide to President Vladimir Putin , Vladislav Surkov . Surkov , who has a background in the arts , orchestrated a kind of political theater in Russia , creating a gauzy façade where no one knew which group was a creation of Russia and which was n’t .   He reportedly financed liberal groups and    skinheads . Russian politics became theater , and Putin gradually gained almost total control , with the independent media gradually disappearing as an alternative to journalists loyal to the Russia Russia ’s Russia reality then moved from the domestic arena to global theater . When " little green men " made their appearance little green men Ukraine ’s Crimea , Russia denied Russia there were Russian operatives in unmarked uniforms . And when    militias emerged in Ukraine and Ukraine , Moscow claimed they emerged militias in a quest for independence , even as Russian military Russian moved into position in a sovereign country . Russia even Russia to gaslight US voters , as intelligence agencies concluded , trying to undermine their faith intelligence agencies the democratic process . And when Moscow thought Moscow would lose , it planned Trump promote the view that the election was stolen , under the # DemocracyRIP banner , a plan whose seeds Trump had Trump planted . The challenge will be a steep one for journalists and for all Americans , when so much of what comes from the next president has to be checked and   . The first step is to establish when there is a gaslighting operation in progress .   Then comes the battle to hold on to the facts . 
 