A portion of Michael Moore ’s secret TrumpLand documentary has gone viral online   —    but secret TrumpLand documentary ’s probably not the segment of the film that the liberal documentary filmmaker would have liked to see praised and passed around . [ In the roughly    clip posted to YouTube taken from the film   —    which Michael Moore released with no advance warning last week   —    the liberal documentary filmmaker explains Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s appeal to    voters and says his Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump election will serve as " the biggest ‘ F*ck you’ ever recorded in human history . "   " Whether Trump means it or not is kind of irrelevant because he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump saying the things to people who are hurting . And it ’s why every    nameless , forgotten working stiff who used to be part of what was called the middle class loves Trump Trump " Moore told an audience in an Ohio theater during the    show that served as the basis for Michael Moore in TrumpLand . " He Michael Moore in TrumpLand the human Molotov cocktail that they ’ve been waiting for , " Moore Moore . " The human hand grenade that they they legally throw into the system that stole their they from them they " [ Michael Moore in TrumpLand by saying that disenfranchised    working Americans have essentially lost everything but the one thing guaranteed to them by the United State Constitution : disenfranchised   working Americans right to vote . " So on November 8th , the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth , be handed a ballot , close the curtain and take that lever , or felt pen , or touch screen and put a big f*cking X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives : Donald J. Trump . " They see that the elites , who their their lives , hate Trump . Corporate their hates Trump . Donald J. Trump hates Trump . The Donald J. Trump hate Trump . The Donald J. Trump hate Trump , after they Donald J. Trump him and created him Donald J. Trump now hate The media . Donald J. Trump you , Donald J. Trump . The enemy Donald J. Trump my enemy is who I ’m voting for on November 8th . " Trump ’s election is going to be the biggest Donald J. Trump you’ ever recorded in human history , " Moore adds . " And it will feel good . " The clip of Moore ’s discussion of Trump from the film has gone Moore on YouTube , Donald J. Trump various versions of it garnering hundreds of thousands of views online in just the film few days . While Moore does criticize ( or praise , as it were Moore Trump in the clip , the majority of the    film focuses The clip of Moore ’s efforts to persuade Americans the film Hillary Moore November . As the New York Times wrote in its review earlier this month , TrumpLand is less a blistering attack on the the New York Times nominee and more an " earnest but not very entertaining    campaign film . " As for his prediction that Trump will win the election , the filmmaker has been saying the Republican nominee much since at least July .    Follow the Republican nominee on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 