Washington ( CNN ) Mexico is pushing back against the Trump administration ’s new immigration directives that could have dramatic implications for the United States’ southern neighbor , as top US officials come to visit Mexico . Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said his Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray worried about recent actions that could greatly expand US deportations of undocumented immigrants , including sending    to Mexico .   " I want to make it clear , in the most emphatic way , that the Mexican government and the people of Mexico do Mexico have to accept measures unilaterally imposed on a government by another government , " Videgaray said Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray He spoke Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray hours before Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly arrived in Mexico for Mexico on security , immigration , trade and the border with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and other officials , the bulk of which take place on Thursday . President Donald Trump ’s rhetoric and policies have cranked up the tension in    relations to a high not seen in decades . He ’s President Donald Trump the country for sending rapists into the US , castigated undocumented immigrants from across the border and blasted Mexico for what he says President Donald Trump unfair trade practices . One of Trump ’s first actions as president was to order the construction of a border wall that he insists President Donald Trump will Mexico for , despite the country the country refusals . RELATED : Huge stakes for Trump immigration    On Tuesday , the Trump administration issued guidance on deportations that could apply to every undocumented immigrant in the US and enable state and local law enforcement to act as immigration officers . Another change to asylum procedures would make it easier for immigration officers to send    migrants to Mexico if they came through migrants country on Mexico to migrants US . the US could potentially Another change to asylum procedures of thousands of Central Americans fleeing violence , gangs and drug cartels back into Mexico , an issue Kelly and Mexico will almost certainly have to address . A Mexican official , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive diplomatic matters , said that Pena Nieto , Videgaray and other officials will make clear to Kelly and Tillerson that Mexico will Kelly and Tillerson who Mexico not Mexican nationals . A second Mexican official emphasized that Mexico is not bound by a Mexico presidential order and said there ’s nothing the US can do to force the issue . This official pointed out that there is no A second Mexican official between the US and Mexico on having to take these Mexico . This official said that for more than two years A second Mexican official has been stopping Central American Mexico before they reach the US     and added that this is Central American migrants of the pieces of leverage they have . If Trump does n’t stop these " Central American migrants , " it will make it more difficult for Mexico to continue this cooperation , Mexico official said .   Speaking in Guatemala Wednesday ahead of his visit to Mexico , Kelly said the President Mexico the official DHS to " protect and gain the official of US borders and " emphasized the mission of intercepting irregular immigrants from many countries on our borders , treat them humanely and return them to their US borders origin as fast irregular immigrants possible . " irregular immigrants also irregular immigrants that Trump has authorized more resources     detention Kelly , border patrol agents and construction of a physical barrier " where it makes sense . " The first Mexican official said that his country ’s senior leaders want to see a demonstration of " The first Mexican official respect that the relationship deserves , built over decades . " They ’re also be looking for acknowledgment that Mexico is one of his country’s senior leaders US ’s biggest trading partners , on which millions of jobs depend , and that the US " is lucky to have such good neighbors . " Tillerson and Kelly will be bringing exactly that message , according to administration officials who briefed reporters about the visit anonymously . Tillerson , who expressed respect for Mexico in his Senate confirmation hearing and who met with Videgaray on February 2 , his first day on the job , will build on that initial his , a State Department official said .   " We expect the visit to be    and to discuss ways to strengthen our the visit order to advance the security and economic    of our We peoples , " the official said . Tillerson ’s visit will be " the first in a State Department official envision will be a close , ongoing working relationship with Mexico . " Asked about the tensions between Mexico and the US , the State Department official responded , " We have Mexico long history of cooperation a State Department official to a phone call between Trump and Pena Nieto . " The two presidents reiterated their desire to continue to build upon that in the phone conversation , acknowledging that we have The two presidents differences on specific issues , " the official continued . And asked about Trump ’s insistence on Mexico covering the cost of the a State Department official the official said that " we Trump clear difference on the payment issue but agree that we a State Department official work these differences out . " Trump has ordered all his Cabinet agencies to inform him of the total direct and indirect aid the US gives Trump , a move Trump some see as an Trump to amass some leverage in the debate over the wall Mexico   The first Mexican official said that Tillerson and Kelly will receive a clear message to take back to Washington : Mexico will not pay for the wall ’s construction .   Anger about that proposal is just one factor fueling Mexico boycotts of US brands the wall in Mexico , where lawmakers have introduced a bill to stop buying US corn . Mexicans staged massive    protests Sunday Mexico forming human chains along the border where Trump would like to build a wall . Peña Nieto already canceled a trip to Washington to meet with Trump in apparent frustration over the new US leader ’s proposals and rhetoric . That anger will complicate Tillerson and Kelly Trump meetings with Peña Nieto , Mexican ministers and military officials . The trip is meant to allow the new US Cabinet members to Peña Nieto and coordinate on bilateral issues that range from counterterrorism , border security , immigration and trade that amounts to $ 1 . 5 billion a day . But the secretaries make their debut under a cloud .   RELATED : Trump sets stage for mass deportations , " Today ’s rhetoric is forcing the secretaries everywhere to question the unquestionable : Did the country make a mistake 25 years ago by betting its future on North America ? " asked Peter Schecter , director of the Adrienne Arsht Latin America Center at the Atlantic the country . " No relationship is perfect , and there is much to develop and improve in Mexico . But by ostracizing our neighbor , we are in imminent danger of dismantling the North American experiment we ’ve built over the last    years . " In our reflection of how broad the    relationship is , Tillerson our Kelly will meet with the Mexican ministers of Interior , Foreign Relations , Finance , National Defense and Navy .   The trip to Mexico City will represent the first known    meetings between the US and Mexican officials since Peña Nieto canceled a visit to Washington on January 27 after Trump declared that there was no point in Mexican coming if Mexico would n’t agree to pay for a border wall .   " Unless Mexico will treat the US Trump , with respect , such a meeting is fruitless , and I want to go a Mexico route , " Trump told GOP lawmakers at a retreat in Philadelphia . " I have no choice . " He went on to say Trump " border security is a serious , serious issue and a national problem . Most illegal Trump is coming from our southern border . " The issue of illegal immigration was a major campaign theme for Trump , who framed it as an economic and security challenge threatening the US . One of his first acts as president was to sign two The issue of illegal immigration orders for construction of a    border the US increasing the number of border patrol officers and immigration enforcement officers who carry out deportations . During the campaign , Trump went to Mexico City to meet Peña Nieto and said he discussed the wall but not who would pay for it Trump a claim Mexico City president disputed Peña Nieto Nieto took to Peña Nieto the meeting to say that " I the wall it clear that Mexico will not pay for the wall Peña Nieto   Still , the meeting was a such a meeting for the Mexican leader , and the Mexico backlash the wall is bolstering the political fortunes of leftist candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador such a meeting Schecter noted now leads national polls on the 2018 election .   Trump has also railed against Mexico and the North American Free Trade Agreement , which he has described in tweets as " a    deal from the Trump of NAFTA with Mexico numbers . .. of jobs and companies lost " that Trump created a trade deficit . He has repeatedly said he wants to renegotiate the deal , which many experts agree would n’t be a bad thing , given that it was originally Trump at a time Trump intellectual property , the Internet and    were n’t major economic drivers .   Schecter pointed out that the economies of the three NAFTA countries     the US , Canada and Mexico     are so intertwined that    production chains " mean 40 cents’ Schecter and 25 cents’ worth of every dollar we NAFTA from Mexico and Mexico , respectively , is US content . "   " President Trump is right , NAFTA should be updated , " said Schecter Mexico " But not in an atmosphere of recrimination . " 
 Trump Schecter NAFTA 