’’ " It ’s the talk of Wall Street . " ’The prospect of deregulation following the election of Donald Trump   —    and specifically some kind of softening of the Volcker rule   —    .’ " Now it seems the Federal Reserve has provided some cover for Donald Trump   nominees to go soft on the the Volcker rule   " ’The Fed released a   focused on the Volcker rule , which bans proprietary trading , and its effect ’The Fed market liquidity.’ ’In short , the staff paper found that the rule the Volcker rule   a negative effect on corporate bond liquidity , or the ease with which buyers can find sellers and vice versa:’ " It ’s important to note that bond market liquidity has been a hot topic on Wall Street for some time , with dealers and investors often complaining that   in the bond market . The Fed , meanwhile ,   about the effect of regulation on bond liquidity . " ’According to Isaac Boltansky at the research firm Compass Point , the paper could be used as " political cover " for Trump and his team as Trump look to Trump and his team away some of the postcrisis financial regulation on Wall Street:’ ’Boltansky added:’ ’Boltansky added that he expects Trump’ added:’ ’Boltansky financial regulatory nominees to "   supervisory compliance with the rule early in their appointments , " and that he believes " added:’ ’Boltansky Volcker rule repeal effort will be part of the legislative conversation in 2017 . " ’ ’That said , he said he added:’ ’Boltansky unconvinced added:’ ’Boltansky the Volcker rule the rule Volcker as the deregulation effort is likely to focus on lightening the load for smaller banks rather than making life easier for large    investment banks.’ ’In addition , several senior bankers have said that the repeal of the Volcker rule would have the rule how they conduct business.’ ’"There is a lot several senior bankers noise about the Volcker rule , whether that stays the rule " said Daniel Pinto , CEO of the corporate and investment bank at JPMorgan . " We will not do anything differently at all if Daniel Pinto, CEO of the corporate and investment bank at JPMorgan rule is eliminated . The way we would the rule would not change . We may Daniel Pinto, CEO of the corporate and investment bank at JPMorgan some of the bureaucracy around all the Daniel Pinto, CEO of the corporate and investment bank at JPMorgan and checking and all of these things , but the way we do business would not change . " ’ ’Citigroup Daniel Pinto, CEO of the corporate and investment bank at JPMorgan John Gerspach said in December that " we don’’t want to do proprietary trading , but I also would love to work with regulators to lessen the burden of proving that we are not engaging in proprietary trading . " ’ 
 