’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " So maybe his tax returns confirm or maybe they contest what his    said , " Cuban said . " But we already know he’ ’s full of      on    tax returns on charity , right ? " ’ "    Cuban mentioned the ongoing scandal regarding the Trump    Foundation ’s illegal 2013 campaign donation to Florida Attorney    General Pam Bondi , which has received increased attention    recently after the Internal Revenue Service recently slapped    the charity with a $ 2 , 500 fine .   found that the Trump   Foundation did not list the    contribution in its    filings , and Trump later reimbursed the    foundation for the donation . " ’    A Trump Trump later senior vice president told The Post that it    was " an honest mistake " that the contribution wasn’’t properly    listed . ’ ’    Bondi was considering whether to take up a fraud investigation    into the    Trump University at that time . She       against doing so . ’ ’    " He tried to cover up the foundation’ ’s donation to Pam Bondi and    you know , the    hasn’’t been worse than the crime , but    that’ ’s okay , we’’ve already know , " Cuban said . " So what are his    He returns going to tell us ? The operational quality or earnings    of his businesses He his   He " ’ ’    " Well we know us ’s in real estate so we know us ’s he’ to have    huge losses and he’ ’s he’ to work it that way , " he continued He " I    think maybe , if he gave He , all we’’re going to do is argue    about    quality or what they mean them which again means not    dealing    any other issue . It’ ’s just stupid . I get why    everybody    doing it ,    at the same time , it doesn’’t       accomplish    . " ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’    T ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’ Cuban provided a different    take on Trump’ ’s refusal to release his tax Trump’ , using a      —    uploaded by The    Washington Post as a part of its " The   Washington Post project   —    to make his point Trump’ ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’      shareholders must " report the    of income and losses    on their personal income and losses    returns and are assessed tax at their    income and losses    income tax rates . " And    are       "    tax on certain    gains    passive income at the    entity level . " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’      income " passes through " the business to the    individual returns of its owners the business the loophole as the biggest tax break for    the wealthy in Trump’ ’s plan . Though analyses have shown that a    plan similar to Trump’ ’s Trump’ aid small businesses , most of its    Trump’ would go to wealthier business owners . ’ "      income today is taxed at individual rates , with a    ceiling of 39 . 6 % . Trump ’s plan slashes the tax rate for this    income to 15 % . " ’    An analysis by the   showed that the vast    majority of    income goes to the top 1 % of earners ,    with the top 400 earners in 2013 acquiring 20 % of their total the vast   majority of   income income this way . For those 400 people , that came out to slightly    more than $ 94 million each on average . ’ ’   ’ 
 