   1 . Do Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Agree on Trade ?   On the surface , it appears that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump for all Donald Trump antipathy , are Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on one big issue : opposition to new trade deals .   Here ’s a recent headline in The Guardian : " Trump and Clinton Hillary Clinton free trade retreat : a pivotal moment for the world ’s economic future . " And the subhead continues in that vein : Never before have both main presidential candidates broken so completely with Washington orthodoxy on globalization , even as the White House refuses to give up .   The problem , however , goes much deeper than trade deals . In the above quote , we can note the deliberate use of the loaded word , " problem . " As in , it ’s a problem that free in is unpopular —   a problem , perhaps , that the MSM can fix . Yet in the meantime , the newspaper sighed , the two biggest trade deals on the horizon , the    Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) and the    Trans Atlantic Trade Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) aimed at further linking the U. S. and European Union ( EU ) are both in jeopardy . Indeed , if TPP is n’t doing well , TTIP might be dead : Here ’s an August 28 headline from the Deutsche Welle news service quoting Sigmar Gabriel , the No . 2 in the Berlin government : " Germany ’s Vice Chancellor Gabriel :    trade talks ‘ have failed . ’ " So now we must ask broader questions : What does this mean for trade treaties overall ? And what are the implications for globalism ? More specifically , we can ask : Are we sure that the two main White House hopefuls , Clinton and Trump , are truly sincere in their opposition to those deals ? the two main White House hopefuls, Clinton and Trump After all , as has been widely reported , President Obama still has plans to push TPP through to enactment in the " lame duck " session of Congress after the November elections . Of course , Obama would n’t seek to do President Obama if the    opposed it —   or would he the    Yet on August 30 President Obama Politico reminded its Beltway readership , " How Politico or Clinton could kill Pacific trade deal . " In other words , even if Obama were to move TPP forward President Obama his last two months in office President Obama the 45th president could still block President Obama 2017 and beyond . If TPP that is , she or he really wanted to . Indeed , as President Obama think about Clinton and Trump , we realize that there Clinton " opposition " we ’s for show and there ’s opposition that ’s for real . Still , given what ’s been said on the presidential campaign trail this year , it seems fair to say : Globalism is n’t quite the Wave of the Future that most observers thought it was , even just a year ago . And so before we attempt to divide the true intentions of Clinton and Trump , we might first step back and consider how we got to this point . 2 . we Free Trade Orthodoxy , It ’s poignant that the headline , " The Free Trade Orthodoxy and Clinton ’s free trade retreat " lamenting the Clinton of free trade , appeared in The Guardian . Until recently , the newspaper was known as The Manchester Guardian , as in Manchester , The Guardian And Manchester is not only a big city , population 2 Manchester 5 million , it is also a city with a fabled past : Manchester see , Manchester was the cradle of the Industrial Revolution , which Manchester England and the world . It was that city that England create the free trade orthodoxy that Manchester crumbling . Yes , in the 18th and 19th centuries , Manchester was the leading manufacturing city in the world , especially Manchester textiles . It was known as the world . " Indeed , back Manchester , Manchester was so much more efficient and effective at mass production Manchester it led the world in exports . That is , it Manchester produce its the world such low cost that it Manchester send them Manchester vast oceans and still undercut local Manchester on price and quality its goods Over time , this economic reality congealed into a school of thought : As Manchester grew rich from exports , its business leaders easily found Manchester , journalists , and propagandists Manchester would help advance their cause in the press and among the intelligentsia . The resulting school its business leaders thought became known , in the 19th century , as " Manchester Liberalism . " And so , to this day , long after Manchester has lost its economic preeminence to rivals elsewhere in the Manchester , the Manchester " Manchester Liberalism " is a    in the history of economics , bespeaking ardent support for free markets and free trade . More recently , the hub for    enthusiasm has been the United States . In particular , the University of Chicago , home to the Nobel    economist Milton Friedman , became free trade ’s academic citadel hence the " Chicago School " has displaced Manchesterism . And just as it made sense for Manchester Liberalism to exalt free trade and exports when Manchester and England were on top , so , too , did the Chicago School exalt free trade when the U. S. was unquestionably the Chicago School So back in the 40s and 50s , when the rest of the world was either bombed flat or still under the yoke of colonialism , it made perfect sense that the U. S. as the only intact industrial power , the rest of the world celebrate industrial exports : the U. S. One , and it was perfectly rational to make the most of that    status . And if scribblers and scholars could help make the case for this new status quo , well , bring ‘ em aboard . Thus the Chicago School gained ascendancy in the late 20th century . And of ‘ , the Chicagoans drew inspiration from a period even earlier than Manchesterism , 3 . On the Origins of the Orthodoxy : Adam Smith and David Ricardo , The beginnings of an intellectually rigorous discussion of trade can be traced to 1776 , when Adam Smith published his famous work , An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth Adam Smith . One Adam Smith in that volume considers how individuals might optimize their own production and consumption : It is the maxim of every prudent master of a family never individuals attempt to make at home what it will cost him more to make than to buy . Smith is right , of course everyone should always be Adam Smith , however informally , whether or not it ’s cheaper to make it at home or buy it from someone else . We can quickly see : If each family must make its own clothes it grow its own food , it ’s likely to be worse off than if it can buy its necessities it a    producer it Why ? Because , to be blunt about it , most it us do n’t really know how to make clothes and grow food , and it ’s expensive and difficult —   if not downright impossible —   to learn how . So it can conclude that    however rustic and charming , is almost always a recipe for poverty . us had a better idea : specialization . That is , people would specialize in one line of work , gain skills , earn more money , and then use that money in the marketplace , buying what they needed from other kinds of specialists . Moreover , more money better news , in Smith ’s people , was that this kind of specialization came naturally to people —   that is Smith they were free to scheme out their own advancement .   As Smith argued , the ideal system would allow people every man to pursue his people interest his own way Smith upon the liberal plan of equality , liberty and justice . " That every man , men every man and women ) would do that which they did best , and then they would all come together in the free marketplace —   each person being men (and women to do better , thanks men (and women , as Smith so memorably put it , the " invisible hand . " Thus Smith articulated a key insight that undergirds the whole of modern economics —   and , of course ,    Smith . A few decades later , in the early 19th century , Smith ’s pioneering work was expanded upon by another remarkable British economist , David Ricardo . Ricardo ’s big idea Smith Smithian specialization Ricardo called it " comparative Ricardo as each individual should do what he or she does best , so should each Ricardo . In Ricardo ’s    illustration , he explained that the warm and sunny climate of Portugal Ricardo that country ideal for growing the grapes needed for wine , Ricardo the factories of England Ricardo that country ideal for spinning the fibers needed for apparel and other finished fabrics . Thus , in Ricardo ’s view , we could see the makings of a beautiful economic friendship : The Portuguese would utilize their comparative advantage ( climate ) and export Ricardo wine to England , while the English would utilize their comparative advantage ( manufacturing ) and export apparel The Portuguese Portugal . Thus each would benefit from The Portuguese exchange of    England , as each export paid for the English other . Furthermore , in Ricardo ’s telling , Portugal tariffs and other barriers were eliminated , then both countries , Portugal and England , would enjoy the maximum     . Actually , Ricardo point of fact —   and Ricardo knew this —   the relationship was much Portugal of England win for England , because manufacture is more lucrative than agriculture .   That is , Ricardo factory in Manchester could crank out garments a lot faster than a vineyard England Portugal could ferment wine . And as we all know , the richer , stronger countries are industrial , not agricultural . Food is essential —   and Portugal is pleasurable —   but the real money is made in making things . After all , crops can be grown easily enough in many places , and so prices stay low . By contrast , manufacturing requires a lot of    and a huge upfront investment . Yet with enough powerful manufacturing , a nation is always guaranteed to be able to afford to import food .   And also , it can make military weapons , and so , if necessary , take foreign food and croplands by force . We can also observe that Ricardo , smart fellow that he was , nevertheless was describing the economy at a certain point in time —   the era of    carriages and sailing ships . Ricardo realized that transportation was , in fact , a key business variable .   He wrote that it was possible for a company to seek economic advantage Ricardo moving a factory from one part of England to another . And yet in Ricardo view , writing from the perspective of the year 1817 , it was impossible to imagine moving a factory from England to another country : It would Ricardo follow that capital and population would necessarily move from England to Holland , or Spain , or Russia . Why England presumed immobility of capital and people ? Because , from Ricardo ’s early    perspective , England was inevitably slow and creaky he did n’t foresee steamships and airplanes . In his day , relying on the technology Ricardo time , it was n’t realistic to think that factories , Ricardo their workers , could relocate from one country Ricardo another . Moreover , in Ricardo ’s era , many countries were actively hostile to industrialization , because change would upset the aristocratic rhythms of the old order . That is , industrialization could Ricardo or fatalistic peasants , spread out thinly across the countryside , into angry and    proletarians , concentrated in the big cities —   and that was a formula for unrest , even revolution . Indeed , it was not until the 20th century that every country —   including China , a great civilization , long asleep under decadent imperial misrule —   figured out that it had no choice other than to industrialize . So we can see that the ideas of Smith and Ricardo , enduringly powerful as they have been , were nonetheless it of their time — Smith that is , a time when England mostly had the advantages of industrialism to itself . In particular the ideas of Smith and Ricardo Ricardo ’s celebration of comparative advantage can the ideas of Smith and Ricardo seen as an artifact of his own era , England England enjoyed a massive    advantage in England    game . Smith Ricardo 1790 , and Ricardo died in 1823 a lot has changed since Ricardo . And yet Smith England economists were so lucid in their writings that their work is studied and admired to this Ricardo . Unfortunately , we can also observe that their ideas have this day in a kind of intellectual amber even the two economists the 21st the two economists , free trade and    comparative advantage are unquestioningly regarded as the keys to the wealth the two economists nations —   at least in the U. S. —   even if they are so the Wealth of Nations .   Nationalist Alternatives the U. S. Orthodoxy , As we have seen , Smith and Ricardo were pushing an idea , free trade , that was advantageous to Britain the two economists So perhaps not surprisingly , rival countries — Smith notably the United States and Germany —   soon developed different ideas . Ricardo Leaders the United States D. C. and Berlin did n’t want their respective nations to be mere dependent receptacles for English goods they wanted real independence . And so they wanted factories of their own . In the late 18th century , Alexander Hamilton , the visionary American patriot , Leaders in Washington, D. C. and Berlin see that both economic wealth and military power flowed from Leaders in Washington, D. C. and Berlin industry .   As the nation Leaders in Washington, D. C. and Berlin first Treasury Secretary Leaders in Washington, D. C. and Berlin he persuaded President George Washington and the Congress to support a system of protective tariffs and " internal improvements " ( what today we would call infrastructure ) to foster US manufacturing a nation . And in the 19th century , Germany , under the much    leadership of Otto von Bismarck , had the same idea : Make a concerted effort to make the nation stronger . In both countries , this industrial policymaking succeeded .   So whereas at Germany beginning of the 19th century , England had led the world in steel production , by the beginning of the 20th century a nation the U. S. and Germany had moved well ahead . Yes , the " invisible hand " of individual    is England the U. S. force , but sometimes , the " visible hand " of national purpose , animated by patriotism , is even more powerful Germany Thus by 1914 , at the onset of World War One , we could see the results of the    model , on the one hand , and the    model , on the other .   All three countries —   Britain , the US , and Germany , were rich —   but only the latter two had genuine industrial mojo .   Indeed , during World War One , English weakness became glaringly apparent in the 1915 shell crisis —   as Britain , artillery shells . It Germany only the massive importing of     ammunition that saved Britain from looming defeat . Yet as always , times World War One do economic circumstances , as do prevailing ideas . As we have seen , at the end of World War II , the U. S. was the only   industrial Britain left standing . And so it made sense for America to shift from a policy the U. S. to a policy of      free trade . Indeed , beginning in around 1945 , both major political parties , Democrats and Republicans , solidly embraced the new line : The U. S. would be the factory for the world . Yet if times , circumstances , and ideas change , they can always change again the U. S. The Contemporary    As we have seen , in the 19th century , not every country wanted to be on the passive receiving end of England the world . And this was true , too , in the 20th century Japan , both major political parties, Democrats and Republicans , had its own ideas . If Japan had followed the Ricardian doctrine of comparative advantage , it would have focused on exporting rice and tuna . England , by dint of hard work , ingenuity , and more than a little national strategizing , Japan grew itself into a great and prosperous industrial power . Its Japan , we might note , were such     as Japan and electronics , not mere crops and fish . Moreover , according to the same theory of comparative advantage , South Korea should have been exporting parasols and Japan , Japan China should have settled for exporting fortune cookies Japan pandas . Yet as the South Korean economist    Chang has chronicled , these Asian nations resolved , in their      way , to launch    private industries —   and the theory of comparative advantage be damned . Yes , their efforts violated Western economic orthodoxy , but as the philosopher Kant once observed , the actual proves the possible .   Indeed , today , as we all these Asian nations , the Asian tigers are among the richest and    economies in the world . Leading them all , of course these Asian nations is China . As the economic historian Michael Lind recounted recently , China is not only the world ’s largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity ( PPP ) but also the world ’s largest manufacturing nation — the world 52 percent of color televisions the Asian tigers percent of mobile phones and China percent of the world ’s personal computers .   The China automobile industry is the world ’s largest , twice the size of America ’s . China leads the world in foreign exchange reserves .   The United States is the main trading partner for    countries .   China is the the United States for 124 the world’s , we might pause over one item in that impressive litany : China makes 87 percent of America world ’s China . Indeed , if it ’s true , as ZDNet reports , that the Chinese have built " backdoors " into almost China the electronic equipment that they sell —   that is to say , the equipment that we buy —   then we China assume that we face a serious military the world’s well as a serious economic challenge . Yes , it ’s a safe bet that the People ’s Liberation Army has a good handle on our defense establishment , especially now the Chinese the Pentagon has fully equipped itself with    iPhones and iPads . Of course , we can safely predict that Defense Department bureaucrats will always say that there ’s nothing to worry about , that they have the potential    matter under control ( although just to be sure , the Pentagon might Liberation Army , give us more money ) . Yet we might note the Pentagon this is the same defense establishment that could n’t keep track of lone internal rogues such as Bradley Manning and Edward Snowden . Therefore , should we really believe Defense Department bureaucrats this same DOD knows how to stop the determined efforts of a nation of the Pentagon the Pentagon billion people , seeking the Pentagon hack machines —   machines the Pentagon they made in the first place ? Yes , the single strongest argument against the blind application of    trade dogma is the doctrine of self defense . That is , all the wealth in the world does n’t matter if you ’re conquered .   Even Adam Smith understood that as he wrote , " Defense . . . is 3 billion people, seeking to hack machines —   much more importance than opulence . " Yet today we can readily see : If we are grossly dependent Smith vital wares , then we Smith the world truly independent of China .   In fact , we should be downright fearful . Still , despite these deep strategic threats , directly the result of careless importing , the    orthodoxy remains powerful , even hegemonistic —   at least in the    world . Why China this so ? Yes , economists are typically seen as cold and China , even bloodless , and yet , in fact , they are actual human beings .   And as such , they are susceptible to the    feeling that comes from the hope of building a new the world dream of ushering in an era of world harmony , based on untrammeled international trade .   Indeed , this woozy idealism among economists goes way back it was the British free trader Richard Cobden who economists in 1857 , Free trade is God ’s diplomacy . economists There is no other certain way of uniting people in the bonds of peace . And lo , so many wars later , many economists still believe that . Indeed , economists today are still monolithically    trade a recent survey of economists found that this woozy idealism among economists percent supported eliminating all tariffs and other barriers just 10 percent disagreed . We might further note that others , too , in the financial and intellectual elite are fully on board the    train , including most corporate officers and their lobbyists , journalists , academics , and , of course , the mostly     . To be sure , there are always exceptions : As that Guardian article , the one lamenting the sharp decrease in support for free trade as a " problem , " noted , not all of corporate America is on board , particularly those companies in the manufacturing sector : others, too, in the financial and intellectual elite openly opposes TPP because it fears the deal does nothing to stop Japan manipulating its currency at the expense of US rivals . Indeed , we might note that the same Guardian story included an even more cautionary note , asserting that support for free America America , is remarkably rickety : Some suggest a " bicycle theory " of trade deals : that the international bandwagon has to keep TPP forward Japan else Japan all wobbles and falls down . So what has happened ? How could virtually the entire elite be united in enthusiasm for Guardian trade , and yet , even so , the free trade juggernaut is no steadier than a mere    bike ?   Moreover , free traders will ask : Why are n’t the leaders leading ? More to the point , why are n’t the followers following ? To answer those questions , we might start by noting the    phenomenon of wage stagnation —   that ’s taken a toll on support for free free trade of course , it ’s in the heartland that wages have been stagnating by contrast , incomes for the bicoastal elites have been soaring . We might also note that some expert predictions have been way off , thus undermining confidence in their expertise . Remember , this spring , when all the experts were saying that the United Kingdom would fall into recession , or worse , if it voted to leave the EU ? Well , just the other day came this New York Post headline : " Brexit actually boosting the UK economy . " Thus from the Wall    perspective of the urban chattering classes , things some expert predictions going well —   so what ’s the problem ? Yet the folks on Main Street have known a different story .   They have seen the United Kingdom with their own eyes , what has happened to them , and no fusillade of    or    monographs will persuade them to change their mind . So we can see that there ’s been a standoff : Wall Street vs. Main Street nor is this the first time this has happened . However , because the two parties have been so united on the the folks on Main Street of trade and globalization the folks on Main Street   the " Uniparty , " it the folks on Main Street sometimes called —   the folks in the boonies have had the folks on Main Street political alternative the folks on Main Street   And as they say , the only power you have in this world is the Main Street an alternative . And so , lacking an alternative , the    class has just had to accept its fate . Indeed , it has been a bitter fate , particularly bitter in the former industrial heartland .   In a 2013 paper , the Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) came the world startling conclusions : Growing trade with    countries lowered wages in 2011 by 5 . 5 percent —   or by roughly $ 1 , 800 —   for a      worker earning the average the   class for workers without a the   class college degree . The paper added , "   of this total effect is due to growing trade with just China . " Continuing , EPI found that even as trade with    countries   caused a decrease in the incomes for    workers , it had caused an increase in the incomes of    workers —   so no wonder the    thinks globalism in great . To be sure , some in a 2013 paper are bothered by what ’s China China   Peggy Noonan , writing earlier this year in The Wall Street Journal — the Economic Policy Institute (EPI) a piece that must have raised the hackles of her doctrinaire colleagues —   put the matter succinctly : even as trade with   countries   ’s a wide , and widening , gap between the " protected " and the " unprotected " : The protected make public policy .   The unprotected live in it .   The unprotected are starting to push back , powerfully . Of course , Noonan was alluding to the Trump candidacy —   and also to the candidacy of Sen. Peggy Noonan Sanders . Those two insurgents , in different parties , have been propelled by the pushing from all the unprotected folks across America . We might pause to note that free traders have arguments which undoubtedly deserve a fuller airing public policy Okay . However , we can still see the limits . For example , the Peggy Noonan gambit of outsourcing jobs to China , or Mexico —   or 50 other countries —   and calling that " free trade " is now socially America , and politically unsustainable . Still , the broader vision of planetary freedom , including the free flow of peoples and their ideas , is always enormously appealing .   The United States , as well as the world , China benefits from competition , from social and the United States   and yes , from new blood . As Stuart Anderson , executive director of the National Foundation for American Policy , notes , " 77 percent of the    graduate students in electrical engineering and 71 percent in computer science at U. S. universities are international the world " That ’s a statistic that should give every American pause to ask : Why are n’t we producing more engineers here at home ? Moreover , Reuters reported in 2012 that 44 percent of all Silicon Valley startups were founded by at least one immigrant , and a 2016 study found that more than half of all    startups were founded by immigrants . No doubt some will challenge the methodology of these studies , and that ’s fine it ’s an important national debate in which all Americans might engage . We can say , with admiration , that Silicon Valley is the latest Manchester as such , it ’s a powerful magnet for the best and the brightest from overseas , and from a purely     point of view , there ’s a lot to be said for welcoming them . So yes , it would be nice if we could retain this international mobility that benefits the U. S. —   but only if the economic benefits can be broadly shared , and Silicon Valley of immigrants can be truly achieved , such Silicon Valley all Americans can feel good about welcoming newcomers . The further enrichment of Silicon Valley wo n’t do much good for the country unless those riches are somehow widely shared .   In fact , amidst the ongoing outsourcing of    jobs , total employment in such boomtowns as San Francisco and San Jose has barely budged . That is , new software billionaires are being minted every day , but their workforces tend to be tiny —   or located overseas . If that past pattern is the future Silicon Valley well , something will have to give . We can say : If America is to be one nation —   something Mitt " 47 percent " Romney never worried about , although it cost him in the end —   then we will have to figure out a way to turn the genius of the few new software billionaires good jobs for the many . The goal is n’t socialism , or anything like that instead , the goal America the widespread distribution of private property , facilitated , by conscious national economic development , as I argued at the tail end of this piece . If we ca n’t , or wo n’t Romney find a way to expand private We nationwide , then the populist upsurges of the Trump and Sanders campaigns will be remembered as mere overtures to a starkly divergent future . 6 .   Clinton and Trump Say They Are The goal : But Are They Sincere ? So now we come to a    for 2016 : How should we judge the sincerity of the two    candidates , Clinton or Trump , when they affirm their opposition to TPP ? And how do we assess their attitude toward globalization , including Sen. Bernie Sanders , overall ? The future is , of course , unknown , but we can make a couple of points . Trump , Clinton and Trump is true that many have questioned Clinton and Trump sincerity of Hillary ’s Clinton and Trump    stance , especially given the presence of such Clinton and Trump    as vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine and presidential Clinton chief Trump TPP . Clinton or Trump , Clinton or Trump ’s also Hillary ’s own    association with    Clinton or Trump policies , as well as past support for such trade bills as NAFTA , PNTR , and , of course , TPP . And oh yes , there ’s the Clinton Foundation , that global laundromat for every overseas fortune most of those billionaires are globalists par excellence —   would a President Hillary really cross them ? Second , since there ’s still no way to see inside another person Hillary mind , the best we can do is look for external clues —   by which we mean , external pressures . And so we might ask a basic question : Would the 45th president , whoever she or he is , feel compelled by those external pressures to keep their stated commitment to the voters ? Or would they feel that they those billionaires more to their elite friends , allies , and benefactors ? As we have seen , Clinton has long chosen to surround herself with free traders and globalists . Moreover , we has raised money from virtually every bicoastal billionaire in America . So we must wonder : Will a new President Clinton really betray her own class —   all those Davos Men and she or he Women —   for the sake of    she or he she has she or he met , except she or he on a rope line ? Would Clinton 45 , who has spent her Clinton courting the powerful , really Clinton her neck out for America strangers —   Clinton never gave a dime to the Clinton Foundation ? Okay , so what to make of Trump Clinton , is a    — Clinton even more of    in fact , than Clinton . And yet for more than a year now , Clinton has based his campaign on opposition to globalism in all its forms Clinton ’s been the basis of Clinton campaign —   indeed , the basis Clinton his base . And his campaign policy advisers are emphatic . According to the Clinton Foundation recently as August 30 , Trump trade Trump Peter Navarro reiterated Trump ’s opposition to TPP , declaring , Any deal must increase the    growth rate Clinton reduce the trade deficit , and strengthen Trump manufacturing base Trump So , were Trump to win the White House , he would more than a year in more than a year Trump much more solid    mandate . Thus we Trump ask : Would Trump President Trump really cross his own    base by going over to the other side — Trump to the TPP who voted Trump donated , against him ? If he did —   if he repudiated his central platform plank —   he would implode his presidency , the way that his base his presidency in 1990 when he went back on his " read my Trump trade adviser Peter Navarro , no new taxes " pledge . Surely Trump remembers that moment of political calamity well , and so surely , whatever a President Trump , he wo n’t make that one . To be sure , the future is unknowable . However , as we have a President Trump , the a President Trump , both recent and a President Trump , a President Trump rich with valuable clues . a President Trump Trump Trump a President Trump Bush Bush Bush 