  ( CNN ) With less than a month left in office , Secretary of State John Kerry issued a stern rebuke Wednesday over Israeli settlements and warned that the    solution to the enduring conflict with Palestinians is at risk . Secretary of State John Kerry defended the United States’ decision last week to abstain from a vote on     and not veto     a UN resolution condemning Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as one aimed at " preserving the    solution , " which Secretary of State John Kerry called " the only way to achieve a just and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians . " " I am also here to share my conviction that there is still a way forward if the responsible parties are willing to act , " Secretary of State John Kerry said , opening Secretary of State John Kerry speech . But Secretary of State John Kerry underscored Secretary of State John Kerry optimism with a warning : " Despite our best efforts over the years , the    solution is now in serious jeopardy . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu fired back , deriding his speech as " skewed against Israel " in a statement Wednesday . " For over an hour , Secretary of State John Kerry obsessively dealt with settlements and barely touched upon the root of the conflict     Palestinian opposition to a Jewish state in any boundaries , " Netanyahu said Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Netanyahu also Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu his support Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the incoming Donald Trump administration , saying , " Israel looks Israel to working with Trump to mitigate the damage this resolution has done and ultimately to repeal it . this resolution hope the outgoing the incoming Donald Trump administration any more damage . " The     was a remarkable moment in    relations . Kerry and Netanyahu were unusually candid in articulating the perceived shortcomings of the other side . The dueling speeches essentially offered Kerry and Netanyahu opportunity to unleash nearly Kerry and Netanyahu of tension that has built up under the Obama administration . And the incoming Donald Trump administration just over three weeks before Trump takes office with a pledge to work more closely with Netanyahu . ’That ’s how we work’ Kerry called on Netanyahu Israelis and Palestinians to take steps showing the seriousness of their commitment to a    solution , such as complying both Israelis and Palestinians the terms of the Oslo Accords . He put forward six principles he argued should guide future Kerry , including secure borders Kerry both an Israeli and Palestinian state , a " fair and realistic " solution to the question of Palestinian refugees and establishing Jerusalem as an " internationally recognized capital of the two states . " Kerry also ruled out the possibility the US would join efforts to dictate peace terms at the UN Security Council or that the US would recognize a Palestinian state without a negotiated the US " The incoming administration has signaled that they may take a different path , and even suggested breaking The incoming administration    US policies on settlements , Jerusalem     and possibly the    solution , " Kerry said . " That is for them to decide . That ’s how we work . " The incoming administration acknowledged as much , noting Trump has signaled a break Kerry    US policies toward the conflict . Trump , in his   US of presidential transition protocol , made Trump on Twitter Trump morning ahead of Kerry ’s speech that change was on the way . " We Kerry not continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect . They used to have a great friend in the U. S. but Israel anymore . The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal , and now this ( U. N. ) ! " Trump tweeted . " Stay strong Israel , January 20th is fast approaching ! " Asked about the Israel later Wednesday at his     resort in Florida , Trump Kerry’s speech that change was on the way " speaks for itself Trump " Congress is taking steps Trump back Kerry’s speech that change was on the way ’s approach . Kerry’s speech that change was on the way Republicans are looking to bring up a    Trump condemning a recent vote at United Nations that has caused intense blowback from Israel . Kerry on Wednesday offered the US ’s most direct rejection of Israeli claims that the US worked behind the scenes to guide the UN resolution to passage and criticized those claims as an attempt to " distract attention from what the substance of this vote really was all about . " " The United States did not draft or originate this resolution , nor did we put it forward , " he said , the UN resolution the US simply the US it clear the UN resolution the resolution ’s what the substance of this vote really was all that " if the US was more balanced , it was possible we would n’t block it . " Kerry bemoans conflict ’s status quo the text Kerry the US the status quo in the text and the Palestinian territories , drawing on personal experiences Kerry he criticized Israeli and Palestinian actions he said hurt chances for a    solution . He Kerry to the conflict ’s impact Kerry children in both Israel and the Palestinian territories Kerry from Israeli children facing rocket fire and must rush to Israel at the sounding of a siren , to destruction in the Gaza Strip , where he said he remembered seeing Palestinian children playing in the rubble . Kerry argued that current Kerry settlement Kerry in the region was leading toward a future of Kerry one state and perpetual occupation " and slammed the arguments of    Israeli officials who argue settlements are aimed at bolstering Israel ’s security . He also reserved special criticism for Netanyahu , whose governing coalition Kerry called " the most Kerry in Israeli history , with an agenda driven by the most extreme elements . " " They ’re leading towards one state , " he said . And the secretary of state also pointed to the recent rapid growth of Kerry east of the 1967 borders , which have long been seen as the basis for the territory of a future Palestinian state alongside Israel . He noted that the Israeli settler population in the Israel’s , Kerry since the Oslo Accords of the 1990s . But while he argued that settlements furthered the likelihood of a    solution that would jeopardize Israel ’s Kerry as both a Jewish and democratic state , Kerry stressed that settlements are not " the whole or even primary cause of this conflict . " Kerry also acknowledged that Palestinian leaders , including the moderate Fatah faction that rules the West Bank , continue to glorify Kerry terrorists who carry out attacks against Israeli civilians . Defending the Obama administration , The outgoing secretary of state ’s speech at the State Department comes amid heightened tensions between the US and Israeli administrations over the UN resolution vote . And Kerry sought to push back against arguments that the abstention amounted to Israeli US betrayal of Israel . He defended the administration ’s commitment to Israel , arguing that " no American administration has done more for Israel ’s Kerry than Barack Obama ’s " and Israel that Netanyahu has acknowledged as much as it comes to US Israel and military aid . RELATED : John Kerry ’s mission to save diplomacy , Kerry had planned to give the speech last Thursday , when the vote was originally planned . Those plans got scrapped after John Kerry’s proposal ’s original sponsor , Egypt , forced a delay for a day . Regarding the timing of Kerry ’s speech , two White House sources told CNN the Obama administration wanted to make it clear where it stands on John Kerry’s issue as a matter of principle and as a Trump administration . Netanyahu responds , Netanyahu offered a quick Trump administration to Trump ’s tweet earlier Wednesday morning vowing stronger US backing for the Jewish state , thanking Trump on Twitter Netanyahu his " warm friendship " and "   support . " And after Kerry spoke , Netanyahu derided the speech as Trump’s skewed against Israel Netanyahu " arguing that Israel does n’t need " to be lectured by foreign leaders . Netanyahu Netanyahu insisted Palestinian leaders were the " root of the problem , Israel not Israel ’s government . " In these days of the Hanukah Netanyahu , the light must overcome the darkness , and Israel ’s light must Israel all challenges with the Jewish Menorah lights I would like to bring light in the world , " he added Israel Deputy speaker of the Knesset Ahmad Tibi , one of the most influential Arab members of Israel ’s parliament , slammed Netanyahu Netanyahu deriding Secretary of State John Kerry Tibi Let ’s the US facts Netanyahu Israel is upset because this American action advances freedom and equal rights for Palestinians , Israel’s said . Netanyahu ’s government has said in recent days Israel will provide detailed , sensitive information to the incoming Trump administration to bolster their claims that the US Netanyahu a covert role in pushing passage of Israel UN Security Council resolution on Israel the US Trump administration any such involvement . Netanyahu Trump administration outrage , though , has played out publicly . The Israeli prime minister launched a scathing Obama on Israel Obama Trump administration and summoned the US ambassador to a     Netanyahu Israeli official : Proof of US role in UN vote Netanyahu Trump , This story Trump administration . 
 Trump UN 