  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has repeatedly touted the progress President Donald Trump is making on overhauling Obamacare in recent weeks . President Donald Trump has said President Donald Trump was putting finishing touches on a plan that would provide " insurance for everybody " and would submit a proposal as soon as President Donald Trump nominee to lead the Department of Health and Human Services is confirmed . But according to Hatch , there may not be a Trump Obamacare plan .   " No . That ’s not my understanding , " Hatch told CNN Tuesday afternoon when asked whether he believes Trump or his administration is working on a separate Obamacare proposal . " I do n’t Hatch what they have Trump mind other than they know it Trump Obamacare n’t going to work . " Hatch ’s comments after he met in person they Trump last week to discuss a number of policy Hatch . The Utah Hatch is the chairman of Trump Senate Finance Committee , which plays a central role in considering health    legislation and also oversees the nomination of the HHS secretary . Hatch said Tuesday that administration officials appear active in sharing their thoughts on repealing and replacing Obamacare , and that he welcomes cooperation between the Hill and the administration officials House . But again pressed on whether he believes Hatch and White House officials are crafting a separate Obamacare plan , Hatch responded : " Hatch . " " The two leaders of Congress are trying to come together on what we can do on a plan , " Hatch said . " I think the White House is kind of molding it and working with us Hatch " The suggestion that Trump the White House an Obamacare blueprint that is distinct the White House what Republicans on we Hill are working on is Trump and White House line with what some Obamacare aides have been saying privately . It may also explain a particularly uncomfortable exchange that Rep. Tom Price , Trump ’s HHS secretary nominee , had at a confirmation hearing last week .   Fielding questions from Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown , Price seemed to suggest that he has not been working with the new President on a plan to replace Obamacare .   " President Trump Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown he ’s working with you on a replacement plan for the ACA which is nearly finished and the new President revealed after the new President confirmation . Is that true ? " Brown asked . " It ’s true that he said that , yes , " Price said , an awkward Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown that drew laughter from the hearing room Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown   " Not that he ’s Price done this before but did the President lie ? Did the President lie about this , that he the new President not working with you ? " Brown pressed . " Did he the President the public this working with you the President " Price , again , Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown not say that he was working the President Trump on an Obamacare alternative , saying instead : " I ’ve had conversations with the President about the President care , yes . " 
 the President 