  ( CNN ) As Donald Trump , the President , weighs how to respond to a chemical attack in Syria Donald Trump administration blamed on Syrian President Bashar    Donald Trump may want to consult Donald Trump , the reality TV star and prolific tweeter , who had countless strong opinions about not going into Syria in 2013 .   Donald Trump is by no means beholden to Donald Trump past comments about military operations in Syria , and the President has often shown that what Donald Trump said years ago on social media does n’t necessarily reflect any deep held beliefs Donald Trump has on an issue .   Donald Trump also said on Wednesday that the video of children suffering from the chemical attack has " changed very much " Donald Trump view of Syria and Assad .   But as Donald Trump meets with Donald Trump top military and foreign policy advisers in Florida to discuss taking action in Syria after this week ’s chemical attack , Donald Trump past opinions and comments cast doubt on how much he Donald Trump behind action in Syria and whether he Donald Trump to go to Congress to get approval .   When Obama considered asking for approval , Trump Donald Trump it would be a " big mistake " if he Donald Trump n’t . " The President must get Congressional approval before attacking    mistake if he The President not ! " As president , Trump Donald Trump not said whether he Donald Trump go to Congress to ask for approval , should he Donald Trump to authorize military action . Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill said Thursday they Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill Trump Donald Trump them Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill approval before moving on Assad .   As Trump Donald Trump made clear , though , he Donald Trump rather surprise Syria with action and not telegraph what he Donald Trump to do .   When Obama considered and eventually backed away from action , Trump Donald Trump him Obama signaling his Obama . " Why do we keep broadcasting when we we going to attack Syria Syria Why ca n’t we we be quiet and , if we we at all , catch them we attack at all surprise ? " Throughout the debate , Trump Donald Trump Obama Obama to take action , even at one point saying he Donald Trump " foolish " to even consider it action    And regularly told him Donald Trump to do it action       is a difference , though , in what Trump Donald Trump now and what he Donald Trump then . The Donald Trump now briefed on all the information the United States has about the Syrian civil war , something he did Donald Trump have as a private citizen with a Twitter account .   This could have a sobering effect on the president Donald Trump it has for This     who regularly expressed surprise when aspects of their campaigns met the realities of the White House .   Trump ran on a platform of less foreign intervention , even arguing that Hillary Clinton , his 2016 opponent Trump would cause World War III with a war in Syria .   Hillary Clinton " Hillary Clinton start a shooting war in Syria . .. that Syria very well lead to World War III , World War III in Trump days before Election Day . 
 