  ( CNN ) This was far more than a routine legislative flub . This is a warning to congressional Republicans and the Trump White House . The embarrassing collapse of the Republican effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act makes clear the limits of the GOP ’s unwise , unworkable insistence on shutting Democrats out of lawmaking . The refusal to move any piece of legislation forward without Democratic votes will bedevil Ryan and Trump as Ryan and Trump attempt to rewrite the tax codes , immigration laws and the nation ’s     budget . For decades , success in Congress depended on an alliance between Republicans and conservative ,    Blue Dog Democrats . The result was a string of centrist deals that marginalized    and super conservative members and allowed legislation to move forward . That system broke down in the 1990s . Election after election , conservative Democrats got wiped out in the South , while liberal Republicans were rendered extinct in New England and other Northeastern districts .   But having more conservatives in the GOP conference does n’t always help the party get things done . By making every vote a matter of securing a    Republican majority     and by shunning any possibility of working with conservative Democrats on select issues     Ryan , like Ryan predecessor , John Boehner , has placed Ryan in thrall to the most    conservatives in Ryan conference , the    Freedom Caucus . The parliamentary math is brutally simple . Ryan ’s    requirement to pass legislation by relying exclusively on Republicans means that any group of 23 or more GOP members can hamstring the speaker by denying Ryan a majority     or threatening to do so , an effective power play in a majority     own right .   And that is precisely what the Freedom Caucus , a loose collection of 30 to 40    has chosen to do . Prominent members of the Freedom Caucus defected from the Ryan bill , with one , Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama , calling the Ryan bill " the largest welfare program ever proposed " by Republicans and calling for Congress to simply eliminate Obamacare with no replacement .   " It ’s not a repeal . It It a marketing ploy , " he said of the the Ryan bill   While Brooks and other    were threatening to jump ship unless Obamacare was eliminated Obamacare powerful moderate Republicans like Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey , chair of the Appropriations Committee , wanted to keep some protections in for the most vulnerable of his constituents . Brooks " Unfortunately , the legislation before the House today is currently unacceptable as it would place the legislation before the House today new costs and barriers to care on my constituents in New Jersey , New Jersey said shortly before the vote , explaining why he could not support Frelinghuysen . Trump and the vote say they have no plans Trump and Ryan revive health care reform anytime soon . But as they move on to Trump and Ryan topics , they should remember the Trump and Ryan care debacle     and the folly of putting their agenda at the Trump and Ryan of extremists . 
 