To hear the current caterwauling over Donald Trump ’s promise to " keep us in suspense " about whether Donald Trump ’ll accept the results of the 2016 presidential election , you ’d think Democrats had never challenged the validity of an election result before . [ In truth , top Democrat leaders regularly complain about rigged systems and stolen elections to keep top Democrat leaders followers angry . This has never been more obvious than with the 2000 election , which Democrats routinely portray as rigged , stolen , or illegitimate to this day   —    and that includes Hillary Rodham Clinton .   This is n’t about dredging up ancient history to score rhetorical points . As critics of the Democrats’ antics have pointed out over the years , they did real damage to the integrity of the U. S. political system , exactly the way Trump critics claim Trump statements have done   —    but we ’re talking about over 15 years of damage here , and it was n’t just one person making a few controversial statements . Here are the top 5 ways Democrats have refused to accept the legitimacy of the 2000 election : 1 . Al Gore ’s Recounts and Lawsuits : Of course , this list could be started nowhere else . Liberal partisans are currently in the grip of a nationwide mass delusion that Al Gore calmly accepted the results of the agonizingly tight presidential election , then passively waited for the results of an automatic mandatory recount before making Al Gore concession final . Nothing could be further from the truth . It ’s true that an important difference with Trump was that Al Gore did n’t challenge the validity of the agonizingly tight presidential election in advance . ( Then again , Al Gore did n’t have widespread stories of voter fraud , illegal coordination between Super PACs and political campaigns , and activists caught bragging about how they engineered political violence to mull over . ) But once that the agonizingly tight presidential election over , Al Gore retracted Al Gore concession and demanded recounts of only a few specific Florida counties , not the entire state . There was a mandatory machine recount of Florida votes , but Florida refused to accept it .   Al Gore a mandatory machine recount of Florida votes to swiftly demand a manual statewide recount , instead of just the counties where he Al Gore friendly election officials could manufacture a victory for him Al Gore was criticized as a major strategic error by legal experts at the time . Liberal history revisionists are hoping everyone will forget this , but Gore Al Gore involved literally conjuring votes out of thin air   —    he was Al Gore for " undervotes , " claiming that ballots where no one was chosen for President would be counted as Gore votes Al Gore in the Democrat counties of Broward , Dade , Palm Beach , and Volusia . Gore dragged Al Gore entire country through an agonizing legal nightmare for over a month , causing a significant delay in the Bush Administration ’s ability to get established in 2001   …      a year in which history , and Bill Clinton ’s feckless foreign policy , would give Bush a very busy September . Throughout this process , Gore ’s Al Gore refrain was that he wanted Al Gore every vote to be counted , " which insinuated Bush was a villain who wanted Bush disenfranchise people , particularly black people . In a December 2000 update on the recount drama , the New York Times reported that Gore ’s Al Gore wanted to assess the reaction from its allies and see whether an outcry the New York Times particularly by black voters , might trigger enough public concern " to sustain his refusal to Al Gore the election . Gore fought like Al Gore against his election lost Al Gore pulling out every the election the book , and he kept going Al Gore after prominent Democrats began warning him that his Al Gore was Al Gore the integrity of the American election system   —    several of them are quoted to that effect in the New York Times article linked above . When Al Gore appeared at a Hillary Clinton rally in Miami just last week , he mused darkly about " what happened here Al Gore Florida " and got the desired angry result from the crowd of Democrats , which ended up chanting " You won ! You won ! "   —    accompanied by an approving nod from Hillary Clinton . Gore finished up by encouraging Hillary Clinton to Al Gore so that one day Al Gore in the years to come , they would n’t be welcoming Hillary Clinton onstage and saying " actually you did Hillary Clinton it just was n’t close enough to make sure that the votes were counted . " Sorry , Democrat propagandists , but Al Gore has never accepted the 2000 election Al Gore legitimate , not to this very day . Articles challenging the legitimacy of that election remain a staple of mainstream liberal publications . 2 the 2000 election War on Katherine Harris : Think Trump was out of line for calling Hillary Clinton a " nasty woman " in the third 2016 debate ? That ’s nothing compared to the    misogynist war our tolerant and sensitive liberal friends waged against Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris in 2000 . Her appearance , and especially her use of makeup , were relentlessly Hillary Clinton . Try this on Hillary Clinton size : Her lips were overdrawn with    lipstick   —    the creamy Hillary Clinton that smears all over a coffee cup and leaves smudges on shirt collars . Her skin had been plastered and powdered . . . . Caterpillars Hillary Clinton to rise and fall with every bat of her eyelid . . . . Her mouth is a jagged edge Hillary Clinton One of the reasons Harris Hillary Clinton so easy to mock is because she , to be honest , seems to have applied her makeup Hillary Clinton a trowel . That ’s not some      lefty Hillary Clinton   —    that description of Harris was written by a Washington Post reporter , for the express Harris of justifying even more savage sexist attacks on Harris . Women ’s News racked up a few more of the Harris directed at Harris in 2000 : A Democratic operative labeled her Cruella de Vil Harris the villainess of " 102 Dalmatians , " and the term got repeated everywhere . The Boston Globe said maybe she was planning to unwind at a drag bar , because of all her makeup , and the Boston Herald called her a painted lady she Jay Leno called the election " tighter she Katherine Harris’ face . " They also tried    her by mocking the cleavage she displayed in The Boston Globe appearances , to Katherine Harris’ silence from " feminists Katherine Harris’ " Gore and his team attacked Harris professionally while Democrat minions were tearing her to Gore on a personal level . " Gore ’s advisers Harris accused Harris , a Republican and a Bush Gore of trying to hand the election to George W. Bush , " ABC News reported in November 2000 .   Gore spokesman Mark Fabiani bluntly declared , " Ms. Harris’ attempt to steal Gore election will never stand . " How ’s that for assaulting the the election the U. S. election system , Clinton fans ? 3 . Hillary Clinton Thinks Bush Was " Selected , Not Elected " : While we Clinton the subject of Hillary Clinton , she ’s done a lot more than just nod along with Al Clinton " I Clinton robbed " schtick . Senator Clinton literally said Bush was " selected , not elected " at a 2002 fundraiser Clinton When she was Bush of State , she questioned the legitimacy of Bush ’s election in a speech Clinton : Now , our democracy Clinton still evolving . We Bush kinds of problems in some of our past elections , as you might remember . our 2000 , our presidential election came down to our state where the brother of the man running for president was our governor of the state , so I mean , we have our problems too . But we have been moving to try to remedy those problems as our see our . Her audience would our found nothing subtle about her " brother our problems man our for president our problems the governor of the state " insinuation , given Her she was the man running for president time . Clinton even peddled her    conspiracy theories right on the stage of this year Her Democratic primary debates , when she declared , " A court Clinton away a presidency . Now we ’ve got the Republican Congress trying to take away the Clinton , and we should not tolerate that . " CNN actually    this outburst and rated it " False . " 4 . The Butterfly we Ballot ) Effect : One of the Democrats’ strategies for overturning the 2000 election was to claim that the " butterfly ballot " in Palm Beach County was too confusing for any reasonable person to figure out , causing many confused Gore voters to incorrectly cast their ballots for Reform Party candidate Pat Buchanan .   The liberal outrage machine was gearing up to portray this as an evil many confused Gore voters to disenfranchise the befuddled Democrat voters of Palm Beach , but were brought up short by the discovery that the butterfly ballot was designed by a Democrat , elections supervisor Theresa LePore , who said she used a    layout so the type would be larger and easier to read . LePore nevertheless became the target of fury LePore Democrats in her area and was voted out of her office in 2004 .   The butterfly ballot has figured in attempts to delegitimize the LePore election ever since it was held LePore For example , Florida Congressman the butterfly ballot , " Florida think it ’s the 2000 election Theresa LePore ’s mistake resulted in the butterfly ballot wrong man becoming President . " Wexler was one of several Democrat heavyweights to work for LePore ’s defeat in 2004 others included Gore ’s running mate Joe Lieberman and another Democrat Al Gore Florida Congressman Rob Wexler , Vermont Gore Dean . Her opponent , Arthur Theresa LePore’s said he ran to defend " the right to have our vote count . " 5 . Disenfranchised Minority Voters : Racial Florida Congressman Rob Wexler have long been a mainstay of Democrat assaults on the legitimacy of the 2000 election . Among the most persistent of these beliefs is that Florida police officers used roadblocks to keep Florida voters away from the polls the 2000 election n’t just    muttering from the far Left   —    Florida Governor Jeb Bush was actually brought Florida the U. S. Civil Rights Commission to testify on the subject . Liberals ignored his testimony and continued to insist sinister forces denied minority voters in Florida their chance to elect Al Gore Florida Conspiracy theories about sinister    purges abound . The butterfly ballot and Gore ’s thwarted Al Gore antics have been portrayed as racist conspiracies against Liberals and Hispanics . Liberals have often referred to Bush ’s election as a " coup Bush over the years . Among the most energetic users of the Bush’s election Jackson . For example , he said the Supreme Court was a " willing tool of the Bush campaign , " which " orchestrated Bush questionable velvet legal coup . " Jackson couched this charge in racialist terms and Rev. Jesse Jackson for " massive    demonstrations " on the Martin Luther King holiday in 2001 . Jackson also called for the Justice Department to investigate the Rev. Jesse Jackson vote , declaring " there is Florida disgrace across the state , " not just in Florida precincts of West Palm Beach . Rev. Jesse Jackson This last vote caused a crisis in the credibility of this election . This is a crisis of integrity . We the American people deserve better the election should settle for nothing less , " Jackson the Florida vote Florida is the Sunshine State . This ballot Florida out of the Bushes . " Al Sharpton has played this game as well . Running his We political campaign in 2003 , Rev. Jesse Jackson said that in 2000 , " Bush won the butterfly ballot at the Supreme Court , not in the electorate , but the reason he was the election do that Bush because there Al Sharpton no Constitutional right to vote . Al Sharpton 
 the Supreme Court Al Sharpton 