" A quick note on why I ’m not freaking out , even as the   on Hillary Clinton . " " We ’re in a weird moment in the campaign . Trump is the presumptive Republican nominee . Hillary Clinton , technically , is not yet the presumptive Republican nominee . This is a disadvantage for Hillary Clinton , but one that will persist only for a few more weeks . " " Depending on the poll , something like 30 % of Bernie Sanders supporters are still saying they wo something like 30% of Bernie Sanders supporters vote for Hillary Clinton if Hillary Clinton is nominated . Some fraction of Sanders supporters Bernie Sanders will withhold their support Some fraction of Sanders supporters Hillary Clinton , but it likely wo n’t be as large as the polls show now . " " Remember : This is n’t the first campaign where the backers of a losing candidate for the nomination have claimed they would the backers of a losing candidate for the nomination unify behind the nominee : " ’’ " ’t’t’tMay 2008 ,    poll : 60 % of Hillary Clinton backers say they ’d the backers of a losing candidate for the nomination ObamaMay 2016 ,    poll : 72 % of Sanders backers say they ’d 72% of Sanders backers Clinton’t’t " " It ’s possible Hillary Clinton will have a bigger    problem than Barack Obama did eight years ago . Certainly , the policy differences between Sanders and Sanders are larger than those between Hillary Clinton and Obama eight Barack Obama ago . " ’But the ideological gap between Sanders and Sanders voters is   as the ideological gap between Sanders and Sanders themselves . Plus , the possibility of a President Donald Trump is likely to be a unifying force on the left.’ " Basically , we do n’t know yet how recalcitrant Sanders’ supporters really will be . And we ca n’t know until he gets Sanders’ of the race and pollsters get to talk with Sanders fans Sanders the heat of what many of them , Sanders fans whatever reason , still believe is a live fight for the nomination . " " I ’m laying down the marker now : If the polls still show this race close to tied on July 1 , after all the Democratic primary voting is over and Sanders has Sanders his campaign Sanders I ’ll believe it ’s this race to tied . " ’Until then , my view remains : Donald Trump is too unpopular to win a general election , and Hillary Clinton is an overwhelming favorite to beat him.’ " A quick note on why I ’m not freaking out , even . .. " 
 