’   ’ "    Ev Williams , who    Twitter , is     apologizing    for the site ’s role in President Donald Trump ’s electoral win . " ’    " It’ ’s a very bad thing , Twitter’ ’s role in that , " Williams said    . " If It’ ’s true that    Williams wouldn’’t be president if it weren’’t for Twitter , then yeah ,    I’’m sorry . " ’ ’ that one big reason he won    the election was Twitter . ’ ’    " Well , let me tell you about Twitter , " Trump told Tucker Carlson .    " I think that maybe I wouldn’’t be here if it wasn’’t for Twitter . " ’ ’    Trump explained that Trump social media accounts on Twitter ,    Facebook , and Instagram give Trump Trump own " form of media " where Trump    can talk directly to the American people , bypassing    the press   for what Trump sees as unfair coverage . ’ ’    Yet many of the people working at those social media companies ,    and in Silicon Valley in general , are not big fans of Trump .     his    attempted travel ban , for example . Tech CEOs have also telling   with his . ’ "    One of the few big and visible Trump supporters in Silicon Valley ,    venture capitalist Peter Thiel , even joked about Twitter ’s role    in . " ’    " I think the crazy thing is , at a place like Twitter , they ’ "   One of the few big and visible Trump supporters in the Valley,   venture capitalist Peter Thiel    all working for Trump Trump whole year , " Thiel Peter Thiel , " even    though they ’ "   One of the few big and visible Trump supporters in the Valley,   venture capitalist Peter Thiel they ’ "   One of the few big and visible Trump supporters in the Valley,   venture capitalist Peter Thiel working for [ former Democratic    presidential candidate Bernie ] Sanders . " ’ "    Today , Williams is out running his Williams company , blogging site    Medium , though he Williams on Twitter ’s board and a major    shareholder . " ’   ’ "    It ’s not the first time he Williams publicly mentioned Twitter and    Trump . He Williams about the president when he Williams to the    graduating class at the University of Nebraska    last month . " ’    Williams Williams the tech industry’ ’s desire to " democratize "    everything ( i. e. put technology into the hands of everyone ,    instead in the hands of select few ) to the Greek myth    of Prometheus stealing fire the gods and giving it the gods    humans . ’ ’    " What we tend to forget is that Zeus was so pissed at Prometheus    that he Zeus him Zeus a rock so eagles could peck out his Zeus    for eternity , " Williams . " Some would say that’ ’s what we deserve for giving the    power of tweets to Donald Trump . " ’ ’    It got a big laugh and then he Zeus , " I was nervous about    that joke in Nebraska . " ’ "    Neither Twitter nor Williams’ current company , Medium ,    immediately answered our requests for further comment . " ’Ev Williams , who    Twitter , is . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 