Washington ( CNN ) Caitlyn Jenner is heading to Cleveland     not for the Republican National Convention , but instead to be a celebrity guest at an LGBT brunch . The American Unity Fund , a conservative nonprofit organization that does advocacy for LGBT Americans , is hosting an LGBT brunch on July 20 under the Big Tent at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Talk show host Montel Williams will also attend . The event , called the " Big Tent Brunch , " will showcase conservative support for LGBT rights and work still needed to bring " full freedom and equality opportunity , " according to a statement by the organization . Williams , a conservative activist and advocate for the LGBT community , is planning to attend with Jenner , a reality star and activist for transgender causes who identifies as Republican . " There are a few misguided lawmakers who have lost sight of the fact that anything short of full freedom for our LGBT neighbors , friends , and    is a threat to the freedom of all of us . Like Vice President Dick Cheney stated , ’Freedom means freedom for everyone,’ " Williams said in the statement . 5 reasons why GOP is worried about the ’Trump effect’ Jenner told The Daily Beast , who first reported the event , that she wants to help advocate for LGBT issues in politics . " The party conventions are like the political Olympics , and I ’m excited to be headed to Cleveland to stand with my fellow LGBT Republicans and allies , " Jenner the ’Trump effect’ Jenner in a statement sent to The Daily Beast . " As a proud Republican and transgender woman , I want to support courageous Republicans who advocate for LGBT freedom . .. I want to do my part to persuade more Republicans to support freedom for millions of LGBT Americans . " Jenner the ’Trump effect’ Jenner she the ’Trump effect’ Jenner no plans to attend the convention . She the ’Trump effect’ Jenner supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for the Republican nomination before he Texas Sen. Ted Cruz out of the race , telling The Advocate , " I think he Texas Sen. Ted Cruz very conservative , and a great constitutionalist , and a very articulate man . " Then last month , after Donald Trump became the presumptive nominee for the Republican Party , she the ’Trump effect’ Jenner STAT that she the ’Trump effect’ Jenner Trump Donald Trump be better for women than Hillary Clinton . " Everybody looks at the Democrats as being better with these issues . But Trump Donald Trump to be very much for women , " she the ’Trump effect’ Jenner . " He Donald Trump very much behind the LGBT community because of what happened in North Carolina with the bathroom issue . He Donald Trump the the LGBT community But in Trump Donald Trump , there ’s a lot more unknowns . With Hillary , you pretty much know what you ’re gon na get with the LGBT community . the LGBT community 