New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off for the first time on the debate stage Monday night , the biggest moment of the already extraordinary 2016 presidential race . With national polls showing a tight race just six weeks out from Election Day , the Hofstra University fight offers one of the last chances for each to speak directly to the tens millions of voters who are expected to tune in . What time is the debate ? For Clinton , a veteran debater , one of Clinton biggest challenges will be both to provoke Trump and avoid being provoked by Trump , while delivering an earnest and candid performance . What should you watch for at the debate ? David Chalian breaks it down on " The Daily DC "   And for Trump , who had uneven and at times explosive debate performances during the Republican primary , his David Chalian     debate presents a serious test of his David Chalian to stay on script and keep his David Chalian . Here are five things to watch at Monday night ’s debate : Which Donald Trump will show up ? During the long Republican primary , there was no telling which Trump Donald Trump show up to a debate . Sometimes it was the combative and hostile Trump Donald Trump to throw punches and go after his opponents Donald Trump personal attacks . Other times , it was an uncharacteristically subdued Trump , Donald Trump to disappear from the spotlight for long stretches of time and let his competitors Donald Trump the stage and attack one another . " We are preparing for different Trumps that might show up , " Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri told reporters last week . " He may Donald Trump aggressive or he may Donald Trump back and that ’s hard to game out . " Being overtly antagonistic toward Clinton would Clinton a risky move for Trump . Donald Trump he is Donald Trump to keep calm and stay focused , it will he is unable to keep calm and stay focused feed the narrative that he lacks Donald Trump temperament to be president and potentially make him look Donald Trump next Clinton , who is famous for being measured . Trump also Donald Trump n’t have the option of sitting on the sidelines . As one of only two candidates on stage , the Republican nominee must make the most of every minute allotted to him and the Republican nominee a level of agility and    instincts that was far less critical on a debate stage with numerous candidates . Monday night will pose a critical test for Trump , Donald Trump has so far shown a relative lack of depth on policy . With approximately half of the debate ’s 90 minutes dedicated to the GOP the Republican nominee will be far more difficult than in past debates for Trump to get by with sweeping statements that he is accustomed to Trump at rallies and in interviews , particularly given that Clinton ’s strong suit is policy . Can Clinton heed Obama advice Clinton ’be yourself?’ No one understands Clinton ’s debating chops Clinton than President Barack Obama , who faced off against her numerous times in Clinton 2008 election . Obama ’s advice to Obama for Monday ? Clinton Be yourself and explain what motivates you , " the President told ABC Clinton Roberts last week . " I think there ’s a reason why we have n’t had a woman president before , and so she ’s having to break Clinton some barriers . There ’s a level of mistrust and a caricature of her that just does n’t Clinton with who I know . " How Hillary Clinton took debate prep Clinton So far in this campaign , Clinton has struggled to do precisely Clinton , and appearing unguarded and likeable     fairly or not     has been one of her biggest political challenges .    Clinton ’s no question that policy is Clinton ’s forte     aides to Clinton former senator and secretary of state describe her as a wonk who knows Clinton inside and out . As she marshals her fluency in policy Clinton she Clinton want to avoid coming Clinton as lecturing or smug , the way critics say Al Gore did in his debates with George W. Bush Al Gore But appearing next to Trump could help make Clinton more likable by comparison : Polls show that a majority of voters question Trump ’s temperament and view him Trump appealing to bigotry . Trump Clinton campaign says it plans to Clinton home the The Clinton campaign that Trump habitually makes factually inaccurate statements Trump " Donald Trump has pattern of repeating Trump no one will correct him , " Palmieri , Clinton ’s Trump director , said on Clinton call with reporters last week . " This warrants particular focus because his level of lying is unprecedented in Trump politics . " Clinton has acknowledged that she does n’t Clinton the natural charisma Clinton Obama or her husband , Bill Clinton , but Clinton has fleshed out her personal story Clinton offered a sharper Clinton message in recent weeks , and she will likely attempt to continue that Clinton on Monday . Things could get really personal   The 2016 election has already showcased a whole lot of nasty    but Monday night has the potential to descend into the worst mudfight yet . Even before the debate had begun , the two campaigns were in full trolling mode . The Clinton campaign offered Mark Cuban     the TV celebrity billionaire who recently endorsed the Democratic nominee     a front row seat at Hofstra . Cuban has been relentless in attacking     in July , he said Trump " went off the Cuban and went bats     crazy "     and he has also called out Trump for Cuban releasing his tax returns Trump " Having Cuban in Cuban front row is the Cuban of mind game that the Clinton camp hopes will distract and throw Trump off his game . But in Trump " fashion Trump " the GOP nominee responded over the weekend by threatening to bring Gennifer Flowers as his guest to the debate . Flowers the GOP nominee a former Arkansas state employee Gennifer Flowers claimed to have had a    sexual relationship with Bill Clinton . The former president has admitted to having Bill Clinton with her . The Trump campaign later said it wo Bill Clinton invite Flowers to the debate . The Trump campaign , Gennifer Flowers ’s the debate foreshadow his willingness to dredge up Trump of the most painful Trump from the Clintons’ past , including Bill Clinton ’s various indiscretions . Hillary Clinton , too , could go there if provoked Bill Clinton has been married three times and has two messy divorces Trump his belt has openly boasted in the past about his playboy Trump . Moreover his offensive remarks about women and Trump are part of her Trump ’s argument he is temperamentally unfit to be president Bill Clinton Asked by CNN Trump her plane earlier this month whether she believes it is fair Bill Clinton to go after Trump ’s Bill Clinton life , Clinton did n’t rule out the possibility . Trump , meanwhile Bill Clinton said on Fox News last week : Trump If she treats me with respect , I will treat her with Trump . " The politics of race , There Trump no shortage of    issues     terrorism , Syria , ISIS , immigration , the economy among them     but the first general election    comes amid national outrage sparked yet again by police killings of    men . The recent deaths of Keith Lamont Scott in North Carolina and Terence Crutcher in Oklahoma have sparked fresh and impassioned calls for justice and protests that have at times turned violent . With the issue of police force     particularly toward minorities     dominating headlines , the politics of race is guaranteed to be a discussion topic . Race and racism in 2016 , Both Clinton and Trump had planned to visit Charlotte     where Scott was killed     around the debate : Clinton on Sunday and Trump on Monday . But both campaigns Clinton those plans after Trump mayor Jennifer Roberts told CNN ’s Erin Burnett that the Charlotte was too stretched on resources . For both Clinton and Trump , the challenge will be to offer detailed Clinton on Trump they would address unnecessary police violence and thoughtfully speak to a both Clinton and Trump community . It also gives both a chance to make arguments to key constituencies     Clinton to    who voted with Obama , and Trump to Clinton base voters with his " law and order Trump pitch . The debate will Clinton delve into many other policy issues including healthcare , trade , economy and foreign policy . But many of the core disagreements between Trump Trump Clinton are rooted in the different ways in which they view Clinton and inclusion .   The two nominees have Trump and Clinton contrasting views on immigration , for example , and how to handle people who enter the country illegally . They also clash on the national security front   —    The two nominees on how they want to combat terrorism . Clinton has urged measured responses The two nominees Clinton that an entire religion is not villanized     Trump Trump meanwhile , has suggested using methods of racial profiling and keeping out entire ethnic groups as a safety measure .   All eyes on Lester Holt , No one who will face more pressure Monday night than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump     except Lester Holt . Trump Clinton and Trump enter uncharted territory as the moderator Lester Holt first     . Monday will mark Holt ’s first time presiding over Monday general election presidential debate some 70 to 100 million people are expected to tune in and Lester Holt no telling what dynamics will drive ultimately drive the    event .   How Lester Holt is getting ready for Monday ’s debate , Both campaigns have preemptively cranked Monday heat , suggesting the two campaigns and the other moderators Lester Holt less than fair to their respective candidates . Palmieri told Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri last week that her biggest Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri heading into the Lester Holt that Trump and Clinton will be graded on the debate Trump Holt and the other moderators You should be held to the same standard on Clinton , what kind of plans you have , your ability to explain your plans , " she said Clinton spokeswoman Jennifer Palmieri " Our concern is just what kind of standard is he held to . " Trump , meanwhile , has suggested that Holt is Trump Democrat . " Lester is a Democrat . I mean , they are all Democrats . OK ? It ’s a very unfair system , " Lester Holt said Donald Trump ( Holt is Lester Holt a registered Republican . ) What Holt wants to avoid at all costs is the fate that recently befell his NBC colleague Matt Lauer . The Lester Holt Today " show host moderated the network Lester Holt Lester Holt Forum " earlier this moth , and the reviews were disastrous . Lester Holt was accused of multiple transgressions , including aggressively interrupting Clinton , spending too much time grilling her on the email controversy , asking Trump relatively    questions Clinton failing his NBC colleague Matt Lauer call him Trump when Clinton falsely stated that he had Trump the Iraq Trump .   With Trump to    " Lester is not going to be a potted plant , " one NBC staffer close to Holt said . 
 Lester Holt Lester Holt NBC 