’   ’ ’    Joe Scarborough , host of MSNBC’ ’s " Morning Joe , " lashed out on    Twitter on Sunday night into Monday after an incoming New York    Times reporter posted that television personality " partied " with      Donald Trump at his pomp     New Year’ ’s    Eve bash . ’ ’    Scarborough , the former Republican congressman , lambasted the    reporter , Sopan Deb , for pushing what he called " fake news " and    for " making up facts . " ’ ’    Scarborough insisted he was only at the event for a brief amount    of time before it began . he said he was attempting to set up an    interview with Trump . Scarborough and he cohost Mike Brzezinski    have come under fire repeatedly for what many in media believe is    a   with the     . ’ ’    Deb , who had covered Trump on the trail for CBS News , had    originally posted a screenshot from   detailing the New Year’ ’s Eve gala . Haberman wrote    that the hosts were in attendance , but did not categorize    the hosts appearance as having " partied " with Trump . ’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tMorning Joe ’s hosts partied with Trump last night at    . Last year , Trump publicly thanked the hosts for support .    " " ’t’t’tPartied ? You ’re very good at pushing fake news . You should write for CNN . Apparently making up facts is fine if you ’re writing about CNN .   " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tLast year , Trump publicly thanked David Axelrod for David Axelrod support . Stop being such a hack .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tOne of the more entertaining aspects of media coverage of media is how so many who blast Trump for half truths attack us with half truths .   ’ " ’t’t’tLast year I said Trump campaign was racist , xenophobic and disqualifying . But be snide while making facts up . Partied ? Not even close .   " " ’t’t’tYeah . I ’m tired of hacks attacking politicians for lies and false narratives and then doing the same to us .   " ’ ’t’t’tDoes   know that you just make shit up on your twitter feed ?   ’ " ’t’t’tWow . He says he He Trump Trump You mean he even lies He his Twitter bio He I ’m not surprised .   " " ’t’t’tYou’re defending a guy who lied about me and you He telling me to be careful ? I think you have that backwards . You be careful . Facts matter .   " ’ ’ " ’t’t’tAgreed ! Facts matter : so you were n’t at     on New Years Eve ? You called it fake news , so let ’s get this it .   " ’ ’t’t’tI imagine you repeated that last night at     . Before the ball dropped , maybe even .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’t1 . I " partied " last night by watching Groundhog Day and Ghostbusters with my kids . Then watched the Mariah Carey dumpster fire . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t2 . Around 7 pm , I had a preset meeting with PEOTUS before his party trying PEOTUS set up an interview ( much like reporters at CBS & NYT do . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t3 . The event was black tie . Both Mika and I were in casual clothes , did not attend the party , his party before any " partying " began . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t4 . Nothing that Mika and I did Mika this meeting was any different than what all good reporters and news hosts try to do daily . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t5 . Anyone suggesting otherwise is a hypocrite who ignores what great journalists from Ben Bradlee to Tom Brokaw have done for years . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t6 . I hope we get the interview . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t7 . Stop lying about us . ’t’t’ ’ ’t’t’t8 . we New Year 🎉 ’t’t’ ’ ’ " ’t’t’tI ca n’t think of a presidential candidate who thanked Brokaw and Bradlee for their support Tom Brokaw but Ben Bradlee ’m Brokaw and Bradlee a liar who makes up news .   " ’    An enraged Scarborough continued to take aim at Deb , posting a    roughly 20 tweets subsequently throughout Sunday . Some took issue    with Deb . Others took aim at Deb siding with the CBS News    reporter , such as Brian Fallon , the former campaign spokesman for    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . And    more were posted to further his defense of attending the    event , which he claimed was only for an his brief period    and while he was wearing street clothes . his ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSo you double down when you get caught in a lie . How . .. interesting .   ’ " ’t’t’tYes . You lied . And you are digging a deeper whole . Trump also thanked Axelrod . Stop . Digging . You ’re embarrassing yourself .   " ’ ’t’t’tIn street clothes . We made the radical decision to follow the path provided by the Secret Service . The pic was in front of metal detectors .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tYeah . If you define a national treasure as someone who likes lying about others .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tI don’’t know about you , but journalists I know " show up " when the scheduler sets the time . It stops one from being restrained the scheduler the USSS .   ’ " ’t’t’tHow ’s Wisconsin in the fall ? Oh wait . Never mind .   " ’ ’t’t’tBtw , my issue is not with your story . It’ ’s with the mischaracterization of it by someone else that we It’ " partying . " All good .   ’ ’    On Monday , Haberman posted a photo of Scarborough from the event    along with other photos she had received . This    Haberman Scarborough to continue his lengthy tweetstorm Scarborough    the    . He continued taking shots at Deb    other prominent    reporters . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tMore   ’ ’ ’t’t’tThis sure looks like an ideal location to have a journalistic meeting about an interview on NYE , . Look forward to seeing the result .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tGreat journalistic work on your part . This is critical to America and the world . I’’m " behind a wine glass " for 30 seconds . Good God !   ’ ’ ’t’t’tMore : Maggie Haberman did not try to contact me before putting me in a story saying I was a " reveler " at Trump’ ’s NYE party . I was not .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tSeveral reporters said you should’’ve called to confirm I was a " reveler " at a party I did not attend , was not invited to & not dressed for .   ’ ’ ’t’t’tI do have an issue with one NYT reporter painting me in a false light without calling me , & a future NYT reporter adding another false fact .   ’ " ’t’t’tPick . Up . The . Phone . And . Ask . I ’m went where the USSS directed me to the foot of the stairs . I ’m standing with the PEOTUS going ’m .   " " ’t’t’tSomeone showed you a picture . You email and text me when you have questions . You should ’ve done it in this situation and checked your story .   " " ’t’t’tOh , you ’re back . What ’s your lie of the day ?   " " ’t’t’tYou get caught lying then double down and triple down . You know the truth and yet you just ca n’t stop sending out snide tweets . Wow .   " " ’t’t’tIs this what Bill Clinton meant when he said we ’re in a Bill Clinton world ?   " ’ ’t’t’tFacts are stubborn things . ’t’t’ ’    Haberman asked Scarborough in her own series of tweets about Haberman    had changed since the night before , when he suggested he was    fine Haberman her Haberman . She also said Haberman ’s " Haberman " that Scarborough    and Trump have a Scarborough . ’ ’ ’ ’   I ask again    what changed since last night when you were fine with it ? ’t’t’ ’   you    no issue with the description last night or the story . Your issue was her story . What changed ? ’t’t’ ’   There is one person turning this into a thing and it isn’’t me . As I noted this night , " partied " was not my word . ’t’t’ "   You ’re in a photo standing among revelers . I ’m not sure what ’s inaccurate . I also did n’t and do n’t think it ’s a big deal . ’t’t " "    and for record , I still do n’t think this is a big deal . He ’s got a relationship with Trump and it ’s known . ’t’t " 
 this 