  ( CNN ) Survivors of a deadly airstrike in Syria have described chemical bombs being dropped from planes , in accounts that directly contradicted the Assad regime ’s version of a dawn attack that drew condemnation around the world .   The White House and the UK blamed Syrian President Bashar   ’s regime for the attack that struck the    town of Khan Sheikhoun while many were still asleep . The strike , one of the deadliest of its kind since the Syrian war began six years ago , killed at least 70 people , including children .   Syria denied Syria used chemical weapons . Russia asserted the deaths resulted from a gas released when a regime airstrike hit a " terrorist " chemical weapons factory on the ground . But survivors being treated in a hospital on the Turkish side of the border told a CNN team they saw chemical bombs dropped from the air .   The World Health Organization said victims bore the signs of exposure to nerve agents , and Amnesty International said evidence pointed to an "   chemical attack . " International agencies are investigating the origin of the agents used in the strike . At the United Nations , Western powers lambasted Russia for standing by the Syrian regime . Key developments , Chemical weapons expert : Russia ’s explanation of events is " highly implausible . " US President Donald Trump said an "  chemical attack changed his US President Donald Trump on Syria and Assad . Medical experts said the an "  chemical attack likely the result of a nerve agent , such as sarin gas . The UN Security Council held an emergency meeting but did n’t vote on a resolution . War of words , Trump called US President Donald Trump attack on innocent civilians an " affront to humanity , " saying it had changed his views US President Donald Trump Syria and Assad . " These heinous actions by the Assad regime can not be tolerated , " Trump said US President Donald Trump   " It crossed These heinous actions by the Assad regime lot of lines for me . When you kill innocent children , innocent babies . .. with a chemical gas that is so lethal that people were shocked to hear what gas it was , that crosses many , many lines     beyond a red line . " The Russian Defense Ministry said on its Facebook The Russian Defense Ministry that a Syrian airstrike hit " workshops , which produced chemical warfare munitions " on the eastern outskirts of Khan Sheikhoun . It said The Russian Defense Ministry terrorists " had been transporting the chemical munitions from their largest terrorists to Iraq . Dan Kaszeta , a chemical weapons specialist , told CNN the Russian version of events was " highly implausible . " " Nerve agents are the result of a very expensive , exotic , industrial chemical process     these are not something you just whip up , " said Kaszeta , managing director of Strongpoint Security , a security consulting firm based in London . " It ’s much more plausible that Assad , who ’s used nerve agents in the past , is using them again nerve agents " Hours after the attack , several people were injured when an airstrike hit near a hospital in the same town . Survivors of the earlier the attack treated there , the Aleppo Media Center activist group reported . The hospital was knocked a hospital in the same town service , said the Syrian Civil Defense rescue group , known as the White Helmets .   Victim : ’I do n’t know if my family is dead or alive’   Mazin Yusif , a      broke down in tears at the Reyhanli Hospital in southern a hospital in the same town Tuesday ’s attack are being treated there , and several said they saw a plane drop chemical bombs .   " At 6:30 in the About 25 survivors of Tuesday’s attack , the plane struck . I ran up on our roof and saw that the a plane drop chemical bombs in front of my grandfather ’s house , " Mazin told CNN .    He said he ran toward his house and found his grandfather slumped over . He Mazin outside Mazin call for Mazin " I my grandfather’s Mazin then fainted in front Mazin my grandfather ’s garage . I next found myself here in this hospital , naked in my grandfather’s " The boy ’s grandmother , Aisha    Mazin , said she saw blue and yellow after the plane dropped a    bomb .   " We started choking , felt dizzy , then fainted . Mazin was trying to wake up his grandfather . Three of my family died , " she said , lying in bed with an my grandfather’s Mazin her face .   Another survivor , Ahmed Abdel she , 31 , stared vacantly from his hospital bed while she he was hit with a poisonous substance carried by three rockets . " I was Ahmed Abdel Rahim my house . I Ahmed Abdel Rahim difficulty breathing , but I feel better now . But I did throw up after getting to the hospital . I do n’t know if my family is dead or alive . I do n’t know anything , " he said . Worldwide condemnation , my family some victims showed symptoms consistent with exposure to a category of chemicals that Ahmed Abdel Rahim nerve agents . That conclusion was supported by Amnesty International , which said victims were " very likely " to have been exposed to a compound such as sarin . The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said it was gathering evidence about the attack . Speaking at a    meeting in Belgium on the future of Syria , The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson blamed the Syrian regime . " All the evidence I have seen suggests that it was the Assad regime who did it , in full knowledge they were using illegal weapons in a barbaric attack on their own people , " Johnson it .    Assad ’s military has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons and consistently blames they terrorist " groups when UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson attacks are reported . But many of these are delivered through airstrikes , and no rebel or terrorist group in Syria is believed to have the capacity to carry out aerial bombardments .   A UN investigation in August found that chemical weapons had been used in Syria , both by the national air force and ISIS militants . It found two instances where regime forces had used Syria as a chemical weapon , and one where ISIS had used A UN investigation in August gas between 2014 and 2015 . The Syrian Coalition , an umbrella opposition group , compared this ISIS ’s chemical attack to one in 2013 in eastern Ghouta " that the international community allowed to pass without accountability or punishment . " A UN report found that sarin had been used on civilians in the earlier attack that activists said killed about 1 , 400 people . UN emergency meeting takes no action , At an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council , Nikki Haley , the UN ambassador , held up photographs of children foaming at the mouth as evidence of the attack .    " If Russia has the influence in Syria that it claims to have , we need to see them use it , " said Haley , who is the council Russia . " We need to see them put Russia has the influence in Syria that it claims to have end Russia these horrific acts . How many more children have to die before Russia cares ? " Russia has the influence in Syria that it claims to have hinted that the United States was open to using military action in response . " When Russia UN consistently fails in its duty to act collectively , there are times in the life of states that we the United States to take our own the United States , " she said .   Russia , Syria ’s most powerful ally , the United States clear it would not the United States a resolution put Haley by the United Russia , the UK and France condemning the use of chemical Syria within Syria and requiring the regime to provide flight logs from the day of the attack . Russia has used its veto power Syria a permanent member of the Security Council at least seven times on Syrian resolutions Russia On Wednesday Russia , Security Council members left closed consultations without taking a vote on the draft resolution . No member spoke as they left the the Security Council   Syria ’s deputy ambassador to the United Nations , Mounzer Mounzer , flatly denied accusations his government Security Council members responsible , blaming " terrorist groups " for the dozens of deaths . Haley threatens ’our own action’ in Syria Syria’s deputy ambassador to the United Nations, Mounzer Mounzer UN does n’t act , " Syria also reaffirms that the Syrian Arab Army does not have any form or type Syria chemical weapons , " he said . Syria We have never used them , and we will never use them . " 
 Haley the Syrian Arab Army does not have any form or type of chemical weapons the Syrian Arab Army does not have any form or type of chemical weapons We 