Cleveland ( CNN ) On the streets outside the Quicken Loans Arena , in the shadows largely tucked away from most media coverage , there is a booming market for cheap , privately made and often viscerally sexist paraphernalia targeting Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton supporters .    Sometimes only steps from the cloistered convention hub , where attacks on Hillary Clinton have often escalated beyond the typical election year rhetoric , there is a more virulent strain of    language dashed across scads of    hats , pins and bumper stickers . A block from the arena , on Euclid Avenue , dozens of vendors are hawking items with messages like , " Life ’s a       do n’t vote for one ! " and others mocking Clinton ’s physique . Walking toward the arena Wednesday night , a    GOP delegate , wearing the traditional slacks and a blazer combination , stopped to buy a shirt from a street vendor . He threw it a shirt his He and ducked inside the security perimeter after declining to be interviewed . Did Trump ’s kids save the convention ? The front of his Trump purchase featured caricatures of Clinton and Monica Lewinsky . It read , " Hillary Sucks , but not like Monica . " On the flip side , that recurring meme : " Trump that      ! " There are dozens of variations on the theme . Pins and tees with the phrase , " Life ’s a       do n’t vote for one , " were available from at least seven street vendors Wednesday night . Steve Scanlon , who drove here from his home in Connecticut , manned a table displaying a shirt that featured a cartoon image of Trump riding a motorcycle with Clinton falling off the back .   " If you can read this , " it this on the illustrated Trump Trump riding a motorcycle with Clinton , " the       fell off . " Underneath is the familiar slogan : " Make America Great Again . " Asked if he thought the message was objectionable in any way , Scanlon said , " Women come up and buy it . the message Politics behind embarrassing photos , Virgin Islands delegate says , " I mean , look in the dictionary , " he continued he a pause . " What does it say for ’bitch’ ? Female dog . And to me , she ’s Female dog dog . " The merchandise comes from private merchants unaffiliated with RNC organizers . CNN reached out to RNC organizers RNC the Trump campaign for comment on the merchandise The merchandise not heard back . CNN has also CNN out to the Clinton campaign the Trump campaign back .    Like so many of the more vocal    demonstrators in Cleveland this week , Scanlon openly holds Clinton responsible for the deaths Clinton four Americans , including US ambassador Chris Stevens , killed during a terrorist raid on an American outpost in Benghazi during her time as secretary of Clinton . They also point to her email server case , Clinton it up against the scandal her email server case cost retired Gen. David Petreaus his job running the CIA retired Gen. David Petreaus The former top intelligence official Scanlon it was revealed he shared classified information with his a plea deal . Donald Scanlon ’s most important moment Scanlon Look at Gen. Petraeus , " Scanlon said . " He got caught with classified documents in his desk . Scanlon desk was n’t locked when he Scanlon that girl his desk office . Loses his Scanlon , loses everything . Scanlon Most prevalent are Scanlon " Hillary for prison "    and pins . There are at least three or four designs . The most popular is sold by conspiracy theorist radio host and Infowars founder Alex Jones . Jones led a long " Hillary for prison " chant during Infowars founder Alex Jones    " America First Hillary Rally " on Monday .   A variation on that message has often popped up , in paler tones , among delegates on the convention floor . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ’s faux indictment was interrupted on multiple occasions Tuesday by chants of " Lock her up ! " Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi heard it New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie’s day later and offered an endorsement : " Lock Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi up , " she said , " I love that Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi " Those words Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi not sat well with some    Republicans , including Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake , a frequent Trump critic , who tweeted early Wednesday morning , " Hillary Clinton now belongs in prison ? C’mon . We can make the case that she should n’t be elected without jumping the shark . " Hillary Clinton rhetorical attacks on presidential candidates     on their looks , their spouses and children     have featured in presidential candidates     political campaigns presidential candidates     the Founding Fathers slurred each other in letters and through the partisan press . But Clinton , as the first woman to become the presumptive nominee for a major party , has been faced with a unseen brand of vitriol .   Inside Ted Cruz ’s      of Donald Trump , Corrogan Vaughn , a Maryland Republican running to unseat Rep. Elijah Cummings , who spoke before Jones on Monday called Clinton " busted "     a slang insult about her appearance Clinton Someone in the audience yelled back , " Ted Cruz the       in the box . " The next day , Al Baldasaro , a New Hampshire state representative , told a radio host Tuesday that Clinton " should be put in the firing line and shot Clinton treason , " causing an uproar that led to a Trump campaign to issue a statement saying it " does not agree with those statements . " Outside a bar on Prospect Avenue on Wednesday , a few blocks from the secured convention perimeter , Kyle Smith and Steve Jones were hanging out with friends , talking Cleveland Indians baseball and drinking a few beers . Jones , 26 , was in a " Hillary for prison "   . He bough it six months ago from the Infowars website , a "Hillary for prison"   reaction a "Hillary for prison"   a campaign he believes should have been a a "Hillary for prison"   after Benghazi . " a "Hillary for prison"   the company goes , the CEO goes , " Jones said , suggesting Clinton should have resigned after the attack Jones " If Facebook were to mess up , Zuckerberg would go . No matter if he played a part or not , he ’d have to Zuckerberg down . " Both Jones and Zuckerberg , 25 , agreed they would wear the Jones Trump that      " shirt at Jones and Smith, 25 , but not in public . " If you try to tell these liberals what ’s going on they do n’t want to listen to anything you have to these liberals , " Smith said . " But when they have something to say Smith you better listen up or these liberals ’re just some kind of racist or sexist or whatever . " # TrumpYourself lets Clinton backers experience Trump insults , Jones agreed and added that the word itself , on a shirt or in conversation was not sexist : "      is a common word , that ’s used all the time . " Back in Public Square , where most of the    convention ’s protests have been held , Michael Rine , in his own " Hillary for prison " tee , pointed to Michael Rine consequences faced by Petraeus and Martha Stewart , who spent time in prison after being convicted of lying about a shady stock deal , as unflattering contrasts .    " How many laws can ( Clinton ) break and not pay a price for it ? " he asked . " If I did what she did I Clinton be in jail . Petraeus shared some emails with a girlfriend . Martha Stewart went Petraeus prison for perjury . " " I think a lot of people are uninformed and I think a lot of people want to vote for ( Clinton ) just because she ’s a woman , " he said . Did he Martha Stewart that it also cut the (Clinton) way , that (Clinton) planned to vote against her for the same reason ? " No , " he Martha Stewart . " I do n’t think that even enters (Clinton) equation . " 
 