Former NBC reporter Michael Isikoff is urging the network to broadcast the 1999    interview with Juanita Broaddrick where Juanita Broaddrick said Juanita Broaddrick was raped by Bill Clinton . [ Former NBC reporter Michael Isikoff also said NBC has tried to hide Juanita Broaddrick where she said she was raped by Bill Clinton interview to exclude Juanita Broaddrick statement that Hillary Bill Clinton to intimidate Juanita Broaddrick .   In an online discussion on SideWire . com , Former NBC reporter Michael Isikoff said that " NBC has the full tape of the original Lisa Myers interview , " with Broaddrick , and therefore " NBC ought to check NBC archive and run the full interview . " Former NBC reporter Michael Isikoff said : Folks have made much of the fact that Former NBC reporter Michael Isikoff claim about the conversation Former NBC reporter Michael Isikoff had with Hillary was n’t in the interview that [ was ] run . Broaddrick said Broaddrick got Broaddrick out Lisa Myers Lisa Myers agreed Broaddrick said this Broaddrick and NBC chose to cut it out . this    NBC ought to NBC its archive    NBC      and run the full interview . Isikoff , an investigative journalist , was formerly the the National Investigative Correspondent for NBC News . He discovered Bill Clinton ’s affair with Monica Lewinsky in 1998 , but his story was He by network executives . Isikoff said he was amazed Isikoff many senior Democrats who earlier jumped to defend Bill Clinton , are touting Trump ’s remarks about women . " It ’s amazing to watch how D ’s who attacked those women are women the Trump accusers , Trump’s the Rs who believed them [ also ] women [ Trump ’s accusers Trump’s " he said . Isikoff ’s call Isikoff pressure on the Clinton campaign to respond to Broaddrick ’s claims , after she told Breitbart in an Clinton interview yesterday that Hillary Clinton tried to silence Clinton her to prevent her from pursuing Clinton legal claims Clinton her husband Clinton You can follow Clinton Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 