Donald J. Trump fired Donald J. Trump divisive campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , on Monday as Donald J. Trump confronts urgent challenges heading into the general election   —    a strategic shift after months of concerns from party officials and donors about Mr. Lewandowski ’s stewardship of the campaign . The exit occurred a month before Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , is to secure the official nomination at the party ’s convention in Cleveland . ’s convention in Cleveland reflected a broader adjustment by the campaign as it ’s convention in Cleveland with a late start to    anxiety among party leaders and a skeletal staff   —    all while Mr. Trump ’s likely Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton , swiftly builds out her Hillary Clinton in swing states . Mr. Mr. Trump faced increasing concerns from allies and donors , as well as his children Mr. Trump over whether Mr. Lewandowski , who had never before worked on a national race , was able to direct a battle against Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton those who had voiced concern was Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , who told Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that relations between his committee and Mr. Trump Lewandowski had become increasingly strained , and that a change would be welcome , according to three people briefed on the discussion . Republicans across the spectrum welcomed the firing as a positive step , but they suggested that it Republicans across the spectrum to be the firing by consistent changes in performance from the candidate himself . Mr. Lewandowski was fired Mr. Lewandowski Monday morning meeting with Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump ’s two older sons , Eric and Donald Jr. said two others briefed on the meeting , who were not authorized to speak publicly . Mr. Trump and Mr. Lewandowski had what was Mr. Lewandowski a " very open conversation . " Mr. Lewandowski ’s time was primarily Mr. Lewandowski the campaign trail with the candidate , and     aspects of the operation were largely handled by the chief strategist , Paul Manafort . For months , Mr. Lewandowski had been a lightning rod Mr. Lewandowski , making headlines about himself that overshadowed his boss . This included Mr. Lewandowski being charged Mr. Lewandowski misdemeanor battery   — Mr. Lewandowski a charge later dropped   —    after he was accused of grabbing a reporter as Mr. Lewandowski approached Mr. Trump in Florida in March a reporter It was not immediately clear whether someone new would be named campaign manager , but it was clear that the existing Trump team believed most of the duties had already been assumed by other people , principally Mr. Manafort . " Ultimately , Paul is in charge , " Barry Bennett , a senior adviser to the Trump campaign , said . " He ’s Trump the experience to help get Paul Trump across the finish line . " As a young Republican operative , Mr. Manafort helped manage the 1976 convention floor for Gerald Ford in his showdown with Ronald Reagan , the last Mr. Manafort Republicans entered a convention with no candidate ’s having clinched the nomination . He performed a similar function for Reagan in Paul , and played leading roles Ronald Reagan the 1988 and 1996 conventions , for George Bush and Bob Dole . Trump allies and critics alike regarded Mr. Lewandowski as a fierce defender of Mr. Trump ’s idiosyncratic approach to the presidential race . At a moment when many in the party have pressed Mr. Trump to soften his message and build Mr. Trump conventional political operation Mr. Trump Mr. Lewandowski hewed closely to the mantra he Mr. Lewandowski during the Republican primaries : " Mr. Lewandowski Trump be Trump . " The limitations of that approach Mr. Trump been on vivid display in recent weeks . Mr. Trump has struggled to raise money from establishment donors Mr. Trump he has drawn fresh criticism from Republicans and Democrats for his Mr. Trump attacks on a federal judge and his revived proposal Mr. Trump bar Muslims from entering the United States Mr. Trump the wake of the gay nightclub massacre in Orlando , Fla. With the Republican National Convention looming , he faces the task of broadening his team to include people Mr. Trump previous presidential campaign experience and Mr. Trump a party that is often not in lock step behind him . Mr. Trump has also been turning his attention to Mr. Trump for the first time , a task Mr. Trump which Mr. Lewandowski had assumed oversight , and one that has gone slowly for the campaign . The campaign has aired no ads for the general election , the campaign Mr. Trump or his advisers have yet to publicly bless a " super PAC Mr. Trump that could raise significant amounts of money to support his presidential bid . " It would be welcome if new Mr. Trump come in who have more experience and can move him to a more inclusive , more    campaign , " Mr. Trump Fred Malek , a fixture in Republican Party   . But he added : " How much the absence of a national Mr. Trump of campaign is due to Corey and how much is due to Donald is kind of hard to tell . It looks to Mr. Trump like Trump drives his own train . " In announcing Monday morning that Mr. Lewandowski Trump will no longer be working with the campaign , " Hope Hicks , the campaign ’s spokeswoman , said in a statement that " the campaign is grateful to Corey for his hard work and dedication the campaign we wish him Corey best Corey the future . " The firing followed regular Corey of turmoil in the campaign . Mr. Lewandowski was often at odds with Mr. Manafort , the campaign brought on in March when the candidate seemed poised Mr. Manafort the Mr. Lewandowski staff members , at times blocking Mr. Manafort from making hires or later undoing them . But the people briefed on Mr. Lewandowski ’s departure said the circumstances went well beyond any one episode or relationship Mr. Lewandowski stressed that the move had been in the works for many weeks hires particularly since it had become clear that Mr. Trump would be the Republican nominee . Mr. Trump ’s son Donald Jr. described the split as " amicable " in an interview with NBC . And Mr. Lewandowski gave the move series of interviews Monday afternoon in which he tried to brush aside Mr. Trump the internal particulars of his departure . He said he wished nothing but the best for Mr. Trump , and suggested that Mr. Trump ’s doing well could only be Mr. Lewandowski for him . " If Donald Trump wins , that Mr. Lewandowski good for Mr. Lewandowski Lewandowski Mr. Lewandowski " Mr. Lewandowski said on CNN . He played down any suggestion Mr. Trump between him and Mr. Trump ’s children , and Mr. Trump every campaign expanded Mr. Trump for a general election . Mr. Lewandowski , 42 , a Corey Lewandowski resident with deep ties to Corey Lewandowski state , had made himself a delegate Corey Lewandowski Mr. Trump months ago and is still the chairman of that state every campaign delegation . Few inside the campaign were given any warning about the dismissal of Mr. Lewandowski , who was on the campaign ’s daily Corey Lewandowski a. m. conference call on Monday , according to a person briefed on the developments . Mr. Bennett , the every campaign campaign adviser , declined to predict whether there would Mr. Lewandowski Lewandowski deserved credit for helping Mr. Trump get where he is . " There is no doubt what Corey did in the primary was amazing   —    helping him get more votes than anyone else has ever gotten , a record turnout in 45 out of Mr. Bennett, the senior Trump campaign adviser 50 states , record low expenditures , " Mr. Bennett said Mr. Lewandowski " None of that ’s ever been done before . " 
 Corey Corey 