After controversies over rumored support for Hillary Clinton by Hillary Clinton father , brother , and daughter , former President George W. Bush recently appeared in a new TV ad urging Americans to get out and vote in November ’s general election , but in doing so former President George W. Bush carefully avoided endorsing anyone . [ Thus far W has remained silent on whom former President George W. Bush intends to vote for in November , but in a new get out the vote video ( GOTV ) by NBC and    Miranda , the producer , writer and , star of Broadway ’s Hamilton , George W. Bush joins George W. Bush wife , House Speaker Paul Ryan , Senator Elizabeth Warren , and a list of actors and other notables in urging Americans to go vote .   During George W. Bush spot in the GOTV ad , W tells viewers , " Our future depends upon you casting a ballot . " the GOTV ad wraps up its the GOTV ad advocates with President Barack Obama saying , " if you ’re inspired by Hamilton , if you ’re inspired by our founders , understand that the system of government they designed only works if you participate . " But the the GOTV ad on the heels of months of intrigue over whether or not the entire Bush clan will support the nominee of their own party the entire Bush clan or , as rumors insist , some will vote for Donald Trump ’s rival , Democrat Hillary Clinton . For months former GOP candidate for president Jeb Bush , son of president George H. W. Bush and former Governor of Florida , has been saying he wo n’t former GOP candidate for president Jeb Bush, son of president George H. W. Bush and former Governor of Florida for Donald Trump despite Donald Trump’s many of his rivals to support former GOP candidate for president Jeb Bush, son of president George H. W. Bush and former Governor of Florida GOP nominee no matter GOP it was to be . Even after Donald Trump essentially won Donald Trump’s nomination for president , GOP petulantly insisted that he would never vote for Jeb . And at the Donald Trump’s of September , Jeb reiterated his refusal to Jeb the Jeb by insisting that Republicans should stay home in November because , in his estimation , not voting Jeb make a " powerful political statement . " Jeb ’s super rich , Jeb donors have followed the lead of their preferred candidate . One establishment donors donor pledged to donate a whopping $ 2 million to Hillary ’s Latino outreach program to help her get elected in November Hillary Texas Land Commissioner November Jeb ’s son , George Jeb Bush , has also been cagy about whether or not he will support Donald Trump ’s son, George P. Bush Months ago he seemed to be saying ’s son, George P. Bush should refuse to cast a ballot for Trump , but more recently Donald Trump said it is important ’s son, George P. Bush stop Hillary , so Republicans should Hillary swallow a bitter pill " and vote Trump . In addition , Donald Trump days ago W ’s daughter , Barbara , was caught attending a $    Hilary fundraiser in France , causing many to speculate that she is supporting Hillary for Hillary this year Hillary But the story that made the biggest splash was the rumor that former President George H. W. Bush had decided to vote for Hillary . The story splashed Hillary the the story that made the biggest splash September when Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , a daughter of Robert Kennedy , claimed the elder Bush told her at former President George H. W. Bush Hillary he was voting Hillary in the general election former President George H. W. Bush Townsend was scolded for breaking the   ’s Kathleen Kennedy Townsend by reporting words said in private , but many Bush detractors noted that the decision would n’t former President George H. W. Bush surprising from someone so firmly ensconced in the arrogant Washington establishment . Certainly not everyone in the Bush family orbit has turned against the Republican former President George H. W. Bush . At the end of September no less than 50 Bush appointees came out with a forceful endorsement former President George H. W. Bush GOP nominee Donald Trump . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 