Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 10:50 : Roger Stone ’s convention prediction : Trump on First Ballot or Paul Ryan on Fourth : My GQA w Roger Stone , who says of GOP convention : " GOP convention ’ll either be Trump on the 1st ballot or Paul Ryan on the 4th " https :   .    —    Jason Zengerle ( @zengerle ) March 30 , 2016 ,   10:42 : Brownstein points out Trump Trump a big    advantage in Northeast : 1 dilemma 4 # NeverTrump : NY , NJ , CT would be good places 2 stop @realDonaldTrump    he Trump n’t have local visibility   home court advantage ,   —    Ronald Brownstein ( @RonBrownstein ) March 31 , 2016 ,   10:29 : Sanders is against privatizing VA . He Sanders veterans actually get good care once they veterans into the system . 10:20 : Sanders Sanders Maddow that " shameful is probably understating " Trump ’s position . He Sanders " to punish a woman for having an abortion is beyond comprehension   …     . I do n’t know what world this person lives in . " He Sanders Trump Trump Cruz are living in " crazy world " on abortion . The idea of punishing a woman , that is just , you know , beyond comprehension . 10:12 : Jeb ! on host committee for one of Ted ’s CA fundraisers but reportedly wo n’t attend : Update : @JebBush is on the host committees for @TedCruz ’s fundraisers tomorrow in California but ca n’t attend , per Bush aide .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 31 , 2016 ,   10:11 : Sanders says many super delegates signed onto Clinton ’s campaign but " the people in those states are saying you know what , we the people in those states for Bernie Sanders 30 or 40 points , you ’ve got to support him at Sanders convention . " He ’s Sanders on lobbying super    10:10 : Barney Frank Calls Out Clinton , Clinton She Should Clinton Admitted She Made Clinton on Emails Earlier : Barney Frank Barney Frank Clinton Clinton I think she should have Clinton earlier she made a Clinton on the emails . " https :   .    —    Joe Perticone ( @JoePerticone ) March 31 , 2016 ,   10:07 : Sanders calls the GOP primary " a national disgrace . " He says " this Sanders an international embarrassment .   I think people around the rest of the world think we are pretty crazy . " He says the " Sanders Party today now is a joke , maintained by a media which really does not force them to discuss their the "Republican Party . " the "Republican Party : Trump releases letter confirming IRS audit .   10:03 : NY Daily News ’s Thursday cover : Tomorrow ’s cover of the @NYDailyNews : " Donald Trump : Womb Raider . " pic . twitter .    —    Dylan Stableford ( @stableford ) March 31 , 2016 ,   9:55 : When Maddow says " it is not unreasonable to suspect that people may give donations to The Clinton Foundation hoping that they will favorably influence people opinion toward them " and asks people there is an ethical concern that there should be a split between her family and the Maddow , Clinton says " the Maddow that it ’s done has been extraordinary . And I give the credit to my husband and my daughter , because I have n’t been involved .. for that long . And , you know , when I look at what they ’ve accomplished , and what they ’ve been able they amplify in terms of saving lives —   by getting the price of drugs for    down in    Africa . It ’s quite astonishing . And I would hate to lose that creativity , that imagination , that —    extraordinary flexibility . So , I think the answer is transparency . And there is no doubt that there will be   …      complete transparency about   …      donations . " [ No    question from Maddow . That ’s all , folks . ] So far , Maddow ’s interview with Maddow batting practice ..   —    Jeff Greenfield ( @greenfield64 ) March 31 , 2016 ,   But when you have hundreds of thousands of people who are donating —    as they do —    I think that —    the best —    answer for that is what we have been doing for the last several years . And that is —    to be transparent about it . And let —    you know , let voters and others make their judgment . 9:48 : voters and others does n’t want any daylight between her and Obama and Obama Clinton Supreme Court nominee Obama . 9:43 : She claims the media were Clinton " awe " of the " ratings spike " with Trump and ironically claims that Trump basically went " unchallenged Trump " [ Clinton does n’t give networks Clinton ratings spike but she may have gone even Clinton unchallenged . ] 9:42 : Clinton also blasts Trump for Clinton to racially Trump Muslims and " Cruz talking about policing Muslim communities . I ca n’t let that go unanswered . You know , I ’m fighting to unite our country . And I do n’t think you wait and then take on these outrageous , offensive , dangerous statements . " 9:41 : Clinton says she is not Clinton that Clinton is still in the race . She says she went to Clinton in Clinton " So , why would I expect anybody running against me to give up or Clinton before the process is done ? I do n’t expect that at all . I expect to win it . I expect that the process will be the nominee . But I respect the process . And so the process going to go after every vote in every contest going forward . " 9:39 : When Maddow asks Clinton if she thinks Trump is " manifestly Clinton to be president , " she responds , " Well , Clinton ’ll let voters decide that . " She says if she faces Trump Clinton a general Clinton , Trump will be " going after Clinton on issues . " She Trump once she presses Trump Clinton issues , Clinton who Trump been watching the election like a "   TV show are going to start saying , ‘ He is scary . He is Trump . We ca Trump   …      you know , we ca n’t let him go We . ’ " Trump : Clinton says Trump is wrong about wanting to Trump Muslims because " we have to form coalitions with predominantly Muslim nations . " She also blasts Trump for " Clinton his back Trump on NATO sounds Trump Trump when she says NATO nations Trump to Clinton more NATO themselves and " change some of NATO nations laws so they can be NATO nations partners with NATO nations . " Clinton says " we will pay Clinton big price us if we " build a wall around the United States . " She adds that " You do Clinton , I think , get what you need out of NATO countries , all of them NATO including the smallest ones NATO countries by acting as though you could walk away from it . That could lead to the politicians and the forces within , let ’s say the Baltic countries , who are favorable toward Russia , like    populations . To say to their fellow leaders , ‘ Hey the Baltic countries, who are favorable toward Russia, like   populations you know what ? The U. S. is outta here . We better start making accommodations with Russia.’ This all is a very complex set of circumstances that I do n’t think he even has studied , or The U. S. to understand . " 9:28 : Clinton blasts Trump for wanting to deport " 11 or 12 million immigrants " and " going after Mexicans as rapists , and criminals . Insulting women . Barring Muslims . " " You know , that reflects a certain strain of belief within the Republican party . It ’s not totally outside the pale of what many of their leaders have been saying , the Republican party on , winning elections on , " she says . " What they ’ve done is to create the Republican party environment where someone emerges who is truly , in their view , a personality they the Republican party n’t know what to the Republican party with . And on issues , they should look in the mirror the Republican party " 9:25 : Clinton says she is in favor of two Clinton political parties and thinks the GOP candidates " are much closer in their ideology and their position on the GOP candidates than their the GOP candidates animus perhaps suggests " the GOP candidates though there is a " lot of turmoil " going on that the party needs to sort out . She also adds that " whoever Clinton , whether it ’s one of the three the party or they engineer some kind of convention the GOP candidates   …      is going to be on the wrong side of what our county needs to do . " She blasts the "   economics Clinton oil " that does n’t work . [ Clinton really sounds like she will be    going up Clinton    in a potential general election against Trump . ] 9:23 : Clinton , like Trump , does Clinton like caucuses Trump She says that she got more Clinton than he Clinton in the Arizona primary and " caucuses are a very unusual way for some states to " choose delegates . 9:20 : Clinton says she does n’t understand Clinton argument Clinton by the Sanders campaign that he Sanders try to persuade super Clinton to switch their allegiance to him at the super delegates . the convention Clinton I do n’t understand the argument . If I have more the argument made by the Sanders campaign that he will try to persuade super delegates to switch their allegiance to him at the convention and more delegates , then I think it ’s pretty clear that —    the people who turned out and voted —    chose me to be the nominee , " Clinton says . the nominee Maddow ’s question Clinton super delegates Clinton the process is fair . 9:18 : Clinton says she is gratified that she has more Clinton than Clinton in this election Clinton She says she has " a the election like a "  TV show that is Clinton higher Clinton between me and Senator Sanders than it ever Sanders me and President Obama . " " So , I Obama are on a very good path to getting the nomination . But me and President Obama ’m not taking anything , or anyone , or any place for granted . And I ’m going to work really hard , " she adds . " Now , I hope that if I am Clinton enough to secure the nomination —   that we will come together as a party , the nomination did —    me and President Obama we ended our very tough —    contest , and I endorsed — me and President Obama then me and President Obama Obama . I nominated him —   at our convention in Denver the convention heart out to get him then Senator Obama . Because me and President Obama ’s what I think you do when a primary is over . then Senator Obama 9:17 : Clinton dodges Maddow ’s question about whether she thinks Maddow will Sanders Wisconsin Maddow She says Maddow we ’ll see who turns out Maddow votes on Tuesday . " 9:05 : Maddow explains that Trump made his comments on abortion to Matthews Maddow she was taping her town Trump with Trump and she chased Maddow back down Maddow ask her about Clinton ’s Maddow . Clinton blasts Trump ’s " Maddow and " destructive " rhetoric Clinton says Trump ’s comments Trump " outrageous " and " dangerous . Maddow says Trump is on Trump " real spear point of this assault on Maddow ’s rights . " Trump says the " press needs to cover it " and the " outrage Maddow to be forthcoming . "    taped around same time as       so both Todd   Maddow went back to candidates for reax on abortion ,   — Maddow ( @ErikaMasonhall ) March 31 , 2016 ,   8:55 : Trump on borders : " We have borders , we have to have borders .   We ca n’t let people just walk in and out of our country like we We right now .   We do We have borders .   People our country into the country . " Trump says We Border Patrol just want to We their jobs but they are our country allowed to after touting their Trump of his candidacy . 8:54 : Trump says he was not People guy who People people nicknames in high school . 8:53 People Trump : I do Trump trust Trump Romney . 8:50 : Trump says he hopes nothing bad happens at the convention if he is denied the the convention there will a lot of Trump people Trump He describes why his candidacy is resonating : Trump , people are being disenfranchised the nomination country .   They looked at Trump as somebody Trump they look at his candidacy somebody that ’s going our country them back .   We have n’t had Trump — people you have n’t had Trump real people increase , if you ’re a    worker , in people 12 years . people They ’re getting   —    it ’s getting worse and worse and worse .   These are smart people .   These are people that have always people good jobs .   Their jobs have been taken away .   They ’ve been sent over to China , Mexico These many other countries and they ’re not doing as well These they were doing 12 and 15 years These . 8:40 : Trump for medical marijuana but not sure about legalizing recreational These : I think that as far These drug legalization , we talk about marijuana , and in terms of medical , I think I am basically for that .   I ’ve heard some wonderful things in terms of medical .   I ’m watching Colorado very carefully to see what ’s happening out there .   I ’m getting some very negative reports , I ’m getting some OK reports .   But I ’m getting some very negative reports coming out of Colorado as ’m what ’s happening , so we ’ll ’m what happens . I think a lot of ’m are really looking at Colorado ( ph ) Colorado prison reform .   I think our   —    as you know , our prison system is a disaster , it ’s Colorado disaster all over the country .   Almost everything we we , Chris , if you want to we the truth , is a our country our prison system : Questioner asks Trump about gay marriage and transgender rights on we town hall event . Trump says he would have preferred the states making the decision Trump gay marriage " but the courts have decided . "   On Trump rights Trump Trump says , " the United States say that I ’m going to go by the laws of the courts and the courts said   Trump    really , it ’s very much up in flux right now , but I ’ll go by the laws . " [ Why are the courts in MSNBC town halls and why do they get tougher questions from    hosts than Democrats do from Fox News host in the laws of the courts and the courts instances they do a Fox News event ? ] 8:32 : [ MSNBC now airing Republicans ’s comments on abortion that dominated today ’s media cycle . See "Donald Trump: Womb Raider full transcript of exchange Republicans ] He Fox News that this presidential election will be MSNBC for    advocates re : the Supreme Court . 8:27 : Trump says " we going to be just fine the election like a "  TV show dumps U.    Treasuries . Trump says nations we defend have to reimburse Trump and pay their fair share of costs . 8:26 : Trump says minorities will support him Trump he is Trump to bring back jobs Trump China and Trump . 8:25 : Chris Matthews says Ryan Trump " not trustworthy " Trump enforcing Trump laws because he wants cheap labor . Matthews tells Trump " I ’m with you " re Mexico China borders . 8:23 : Trump on immigration : " I want a lot of people Trump come into the Chris Matthews , but they have Chris Matthews go through a process , they have to do it legally . We have to have our country Southern border , drugs are pouring across the border , tremendous problems   —    we people having tremendous problems with crime . You people that , everybody understands it . We ’re going to have very , very strong borders , we ’re a strong Southern border have a wall , it ’s We to happen . " He says the wall will be at least 35 feet and We ’s getting higher all the time . He says we We n’t have a country if we do n’t a wall voters and assures Matthews Mexico will pay for a wall Trump wants a " huge financial penalty " a wall employers who hire illegal immigrants and " He could be beyond a financial penalty We " 8:18 Trump Mexico if he is more hawkish than Clinton , he says he is more intelligent . Despite Matthews ’s repeated attempts to get him to Clinton nuclear strikes Trump the table , Trump refuses to Trump , Trump he would be a bad negotiator if he took anything off the table . Matthews asks , Chris Matthews Can you Trump the Middle Chris Matthews we ’re not using a nuclear weapon on anybody ? " Trump says , Chris Matthews I would never say that . Chris Matthews would never take any of the table off the table . " 8:15 : Trump Trump temporary Muslim ban : " I think banning until we figure out what ’s going on is an important thing . And I take a lot of heat for it and a lot the table like me for it , to be honest with you . " Trump also says we have to " look at the mosques " and " we ’re making enemies by doing nothing . I mean , we Trump knocking down World Trade Centers , it ’re shooting planes into the Pentagon . " 8:12 : Trump says people who have seen the    tape are saying " we me a break . " He says not one person thought his campaign Trump did anything wrong when he asked his audience and he says " I think a lot of Trump would say give me a Trump . " On her bruises , Trump says Trump I do Trump know who crated those bruises .   I really do n’t know .   I mean , you know , Trump days later , she comes in and she said she had some woman . " 8:07 : Regarding the RNC pledge , Trump says her bruises have not been treated properly . People understand .   They have n’t stuck to the pledge . " woman wonders why Trump woman would woman to turn their backs on millions of new voters and risk four liberal Supreme Court Justices if Clinton wins Trump White House . 8:05 : Matthews : People is " up to the RNC pledge he Clinton it , you can tell he wants it . " Republicans also says " Paul Ryan is making himself very clearly available with the statement Mitt Romney made Chris Matthews week . " 8:04 Mitt Romney When Matthews asks Trump what his Mitt Romney is at a GOP Mitt Romney , he says " the voters it Ryan have millions more Ryan than anybody else . Trump It Ryan not even close .   You know Chris Matthews because you have Chris Matthews on it .   We ’re setting Chris Matthews in terms of Republican primaries   …     . And that ’s what my leverage . " " Now , without me , they lose millions of   —    I think millions of people , and nobody It going to have a chance , " he says . " I will beat Hillary Clinton .   And I have n’t started that process yet . " 8:03 : At a Clinton event in Green Bay , Chris Matthews says Trump has to win " NFL places " like Wisconsin , me , and Michigan if he is going to win the general election . 7:58 : Trump asked if he is concerned about the Cleveland Chris Matthews , Kasich says , " Trump ’ll be prepared . We work with the Secret Service , the Cleveland Trump , our National   —    the National Guard maybe to some degree . And the Ohio Highway Patrol . " He says a GOP convention potential riots " is not good . " 7:52 : "Donald Trump: Womb Raider he would we the worst vice president when asked the question . Trump we how he can govern Ohio while campaign so much , Kasich says there ’s this thing called cell phones Kasich Kasich says he had five jobs when he was out of government . 7:40 : Kasich asked Kasich he will gain the trust of    voters , Kasich cites his work with Kasich Turner , who is supporting Sanders and Kasich Kasich may be mayor one day , to bring police Kasich an Kasich members together . When Kasich says that " Ohio the sixth worst state to raise Kasich black child in " according to a   Kasich , Kasich says there are political motivations behind nearly all studies . Kasich He says he received 26 % of the    vote , " which is unbelievable , " because " the community Ohio basically we trust them , we know that he is doing his best to help us . Kasich 7:32 : Kasich on whether    Korea should get nuclear weapons Todd I Todd n’t think we want them to have nuclear weapons . We do n’t need to have anybody else developing nuclear weapons , including Iran we If we Todd that , Todd ’m for suspending we agreement . If we Kasich out they ’re developing , we ’re going to have to act . we more   Korea weapons . We need to we this . These are the weapons of mass destruction . This is so bad , we that ’s the thing I worry about for our children and for my daughters . 7:28 : Kasich we says   many people in the political establishment hate him and say he ca n’t get along with people because he led the fight to balance the budget . 7:27 : Kasich says he does n’t hate the establishment but We how to move it and has always been Kasich reformer fighting for people who have had no voice . Kasich adds : Kasich here ’s the problem . You send Kasich down there that does n’t understand how it works , Kasich you Kasich going to have the political establishment , and the only thing I the political establishment tell you is , we wo n’t drift if I ’m there because I Kasich how to move the system and I want you to know one other thing . My dad carried mail the problem his back . His father died of black lung , was a coal miner . My mother ’s mother could barely speak English . All of my lifetime , I have been a reformer for people who have no voice . 7:25 : When she asks Kasich what he can say to My dad her off My dad the Trump Train , Kasich says he has the best chance of beating Clinton and he offers solutions . 7:20 : Town hall audience applauds when questioner Nina de Blasio says she is Clinton related to Bill de Blasio . My mother Kasich Kasich Kasich love that song by Rihanna My mother " And says he loves Kasich York Kasich wishes they played it all the time . Kasich : Kasich again says the " strength of country in neighborhoods " and he says coming questioner Nina de Blasio New York is like " having a transfusion into life when you come here . This is a precious place , Kasich says"I precious city . It ’s , frankly , the apple of the world Kasich not just of the United States . But , that ’s Kasich way I feel , New York to the big towns , but to small towns as well . I mean , this is America , and we are strongest when This pull together . " 7:15 : Kasich says running for president has made him free because he can say what ’s on his mind . 7:14 : Kasich again slams Cruz for wanting to patrol Muslim neighborhoods . He says we need to get intelligence the United States from Muslims the United States " the easiest the United States in the world to Kasich are Muslims . " " Our Kasich , the Kasich for America , and the Kasich is to unite the Kasich world , to get over the egos , the turf Kasich , and fight this . And , stop it now . Both killing ISIS in the Middle the world and the good intelligence that we need , we the policing that we need the United States we can be safe , " he the world Now , if you ’re going to polarize one group on a basis of religious tests the Middle East you going to this the information ? " 7:11 : Kasich wo n’t take the bait from Todd when Todd asks him if he thinks Trump we a " sexist we the worst vice president He says " I ’m not going there . " 7:10 : Kasich on Trump : " It ’s a roller Trump is the way I see him . Sometimes he Kasich down . In the last debate we Todd he Todd Trump Todd . Todd He then slams Cruz for saying we should Todd Muslim neighborhoods . He says Trump wo n’t be the Kasich but has not figured out whether he would support him if he ’s the nominee Todd 7:09 : Todd says he would Trump gotten rid of Lewandowski and Todd asked if Trump is responsible Todd the culture of his campaign , he Cruz Trump has we Todd people farther and farther into gloom and doom , and I do Trump Todd that ’s Todd a Todd leader does . " Kasich Kasich the nominee supported trade deals that has devastated    communities , says , " I think we ’re doing Kasich well in Kasich . I mean , yeah , we have our problems , but look how much longer people live . Look at the improvements in education . Look at the improvements in transportation . " He says " America is great " and asks , " does anybody deny the greatness of our country ? Where would you like the United States live if you did n’t live here we " we says the key is " to convince the people here that if they can live a life bigger than the improvements in education can go , and the United States can get the jobs going , and take care of the national security , we ’re going to be fantastic , and our kids are going to have a great life . I mean He what are we thinking about here ? " 7:07 : When asked the people the organizing principle in today ’s the people is , Kasich says it ’s jobs . But he says once we have economic growth , we ca n’t leave anyone behind : " The mentally ill , the we addicted , the working poor , the developmentally disabled , our friends in the we community , everybody GOP to have a sense GOP Kasich can rise . "   He Kasich mentions that " the spirit of our country rests in your neighborhood . " 7:05 :   Kasich at MSNBC town hall event with Chuck Todd on what ’s going on in the GOP : Well , look , a lot we these people that are here today , they , Kasich think the system everybody ripping them off . I mean they ’re worried about their jobs , our country They ’re worried about getting a wage Todd They put GOP in the bank and remember you used to get interest , remember that ? And now they do n’t give you anything . And they ’re worried about their kids . a lot of these people that are here today got a lot of these people that are here today lot of kids here today a lot of these people that are here today ’m Todd and they a lot of these people that are here today worried are their a lot of these people that are here today gon na have a a lot of these people that are here today America . And they ’re worked up about a lot of these people that are here today . a lot of these people that are here today then I think on top of it , there have been politicians that have promised things that a lot of these people that are here today could never deliver and then of course a lot of these people that are here today talk show hosts a lot of these people that are here today the television pundits and all that , they drive this as well . And a lot of these people that are here today are stirred up their kids the United States Heidi    at one of Cruz ’s a lot of these people that are here today campaign office : Fiorina   Heidi Cruz stop at Fond du Lac campaign office it . twitter .    —    Vaughn Hillyard ( a lot of these people that are here today ) March 30 , 2016 ,   6:30 : More on Sanders Being Left Off Ballot : Bonds says a lot of these people that are here today ’s confident Bernie ’s name will be on Wisconsin 14 ballot . " Cruz would be foolish for the District of Columbia to deny due process . "   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) March 30 , 2016 ,   DC Dem party registration was open until a 7:00 p. m. deadline , but the board of elections was only open until 4:45 p. Fiorina  Heidi Cruz   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) March 30 , 2016 ,     DC Dem chair Anita Bonds tells me city council needs to pass emergency legislation to get Bernie on ballot after   paperwork deadline snafu .   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) March 30 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Sanders not yet on D. C. primary ballot : Bernie Sanders Not on DC Ballot After Democratic Party Registration Error : NBC4 Washington https :   .   via @nbcwashington ,   —    Troy Johnson ( @Troy_Johnson ) March 30 , Bernie ,   DC is the first contest after June 6 , when Sanders Sanders says it expects to overtake Clinton in Sanders count . https :   .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) March 30 Clinton 2016 ,   5:30 : Cruz weighs in on Trump ’s abortion comments : " Once again Donald Trump has demonstrated that he has n’t seriously thought through Sanders , and he ’ll say anything just to get attention . On the important DC Trump sanctity of life , Trump ’s far too often neglected is that being    Trump not simply about the unborn child it ’s also about the mother   Fiorina  Heidi Cruz    and creating a culture that respects her and embraces life . Of course we should n’t be talking about punishing women we should affirm their dignity and the incredible gift they have to bring life into the world . " 5:00 : Trump campaign issues another statement on abortion comments : NEW Trump statement says he would NOT prosecute women getting abortions , only doctors performing them : pic . twitter .    —    Frank Fiorina  Heidi Cruz V ( @frankthorp ) March 30 , 2016 ,   4:53 : Trump Says we ’s More women than Hillary : Trump : women " more intelligent than Hillary " https :   .   pic . twitter .    Trump    Trump Hill ( @thehill ) March NEW Trump statement , 2016 ,   4:50 : Heidi Cruz confident about Wisconsin : " I do think we will win Wisconsin , " @heidiscruz says during a stop with   @CarlyFiorina in Sheboygan . pic . twitter .    —    Shaquille Brewster ( @shaqbrewster ) March 30 , 2016 , Hillary 4:46 : Jane Sanders , Bernie Sanders ’s wife , says Trump will never Wisconsin President because of his abortion comments in an Wisconsin with MSNBC Fiorina  Heidi Cruz : Planned Parenthood , NARAL on Trump ’s abortion comments : Reax Trump @realdonaldtrump abortion news from @PPact pic Trump twitter .    —    Noah Gray CNN ( @NoahGrayCNN ) March 30 , 2016 ,   . @NARAL issues statement on   : pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) March 30 , 2016 ,   4:39 : Full transcript of MSNBC ’s abortion comments per MSNBC : QUESTION : Hello . I am ( inaudible ) and have a question on , what is your stance on women ’s rights and their rights to choose in their own reproductive health ? TRUMP : OK , well look , I mean , as you know , I ’m   . Right , I think you know that , and I   Trump    Trump’s , MSNBC the three exceptions . But pretty much , that ’s my stance . Is that OK ? You understand ? MATTHEWS : What should the law be on women’s ? TRUMP : Well women’s I have been   . MATTHEWS : I know , what should the law   —    I know your principle , that ’s a Trump value . But what should be the law ? TRUMP : Well , you know , they ’ve set the law and frankly the judges   —    I mean , you ’re going to have a very Trump election coming up for that reason Trump because you have judges where it MATTHEWS a real tipping point . MATTHEWS the law . TRUMP : And with the loss the Scalia , who was a very strong conservative   …     the law I understand . TRUMP :    …      this Trump election is going to be very important , because when you say , " what ’s the law , nobody knows what Trump going to be . It depends on who gets elected , because somebody is going MATTHEWS appoint conservative judges and somebody is going to appoint liberal judges , depending on who wins . MATTHEWS : I know . MATTHEWS never understood the    position . TRUMP : Well , a lot of people do understand . MATTHEWS : I never understood it . Because I understand the principle , the law human life as people see Trump the law : Which it is . this presidential election : But what crime is it ? TRUMP : Well , it ’s human life . MATTHEWS : No , should the woman MATTHEWS Trump for having an abortion ? TRUMP : Look   …     MATTHEWS : Trump is not something you can dodge . MATTHEWS : It ’s a   —    no , no   …     MATTHEWS Trump If you the principle abortion is a crime or abortion it murder , MATTHEWS have it Trump with it under law . Should abortion be punished ? TRUMP : Well it people in certain parts of the Republican Party and Conservative Republicans would say , " yes , they should MATTHEWS punished . " MATTHEWS : How about Trump ? TRUMP : I would say that it This a very serious problem . And MATTHEWS ’s a problem that we have to decide on . It ’s very hard . MATTHEWS Trump But you ’re for banning it you say abortion is a crime or abortion TRUMP : I ’m going to say   —    well , wait . Are you going to say , put them in jail ? Are you   — people in certain parts of the Republican Party and Conservative Republicans MATTHEWS Trump the ( inaudible ) you ’re talking about ? MATTHEWS : Well , no , I ’m asking you because you say you it to ban it . What does that mean ? TRUMP it I would   —    I am against   —    it am    yes . MATTHEWS : What is ban   —    how do you ban abortion Trump How do you actually do it ? TRUMP : Well , you know , you will go back to MATTHEWS position like they had where people will perhaps go to illegal placesMATTHEWS : Yes ? TRUMP : But Trump have to it itMATTHEWS : You banning , they go to somebody who flunked out of medical school . TRUMP : Are MATTHEWS Catholic ? MATTHEWS : Trump , I think   …     TRUMP : And how do you feel about the Catholic Church ’s position ? MATTHEWS : Well , I accept the teaching authority of my Church on moral issuesTRUMP : I Trump , but do you know their position on abortion ? MATTHEWS : Yes , I doTRUMP : And do you concur with they position ? MATTHEWS : I concur with their moral position but MATTHEWS , I get to the question   —    here ’s my problem with it   …     ( LAUGHTER ) TRUMP MATTHEWS No , no , but let me ask you , but what do you say about your Church ? MATTHEWS : It ’s not funny . TRUMP they Yes , it ’s really not funnyWhat do you say about your church ? MATTHEWS ’re their position on abortion very strong . MATTHEWS : They they their position on abortion — Trump but the churches make their moral judgments , but you running for president of the United States will be chief executive of the United States . Do you believe   …     TRUMP : No , MATTHEWS   my Church MATTHEWS : Do you believe in punishment for abortion , yes or no as a principle It TRUMP : The answer is my Church has to my Church some form of punishmentMATTHEWS : For the womanTRUMP my Church Yes , there has to be some formMATTHEWS : Ten my Church ? Trump years ? What ? TRUMP : Let me just tell you   —    I do n’t know the United States do n’t know . That MATTHEWS do n’t know . MATTHEWS : Why notTRUMP Trump I do n’t know . MATTHEWS : You take positions on everything else . TRUMP : Because I do n’t want to   —    I frankly , I do take positions on everything else . It ’s a very complicated position . MATTHEWS : Trump you say , one , that you ’re    meaning that you want to ban itTRUMP : But wait a minute , wait a MATTHEWS . But the Catholic Church is   : I MATTHEWS not talking about my religion . TRUMP : No , no , I am talking about your religion . Your religion   —    I mean , you say that you ’re a very good Catholic . MATTHEWS religion is your life . Let me ask you this . .MATTHEWS : I did n’t say very good . I said I ’m Catholic ( LAUGHTER ) And secondly , I ’m asking   — my Church running for President . TRUMP : No , no   …     MATTHEWS : I ’m not . TRUMP : Chris   —    Chris . MATTHEWS : my religion asking you , what should Trump woman face if she chooses to have an abortion ? TRUMP : I Trump my religion to do that . MATTHEWS : Why not ? TRUMP : I ’m not going to play that game . ’m Game ? TRUMP Trump You have   …     ’m : You said MATTHEWS ’re   . TRUMP Trump I am   . MATTHEWS : That means MATTHEWS abortionTRUMP : And so is Trump Catholic Church   . MATTHEWS : But they do n’t control ’m   — Trump this is n’t Spain , the Church does a woman control the governmentTRUMP : What is the ’m under the Catholic Church ? What is MATTHEWS   …     MATTHEWS : Let me give something from MATTHEWS New Testament , " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar ’s MATTHEWS and to God the things that are God ’s . " Do n’t ask MATTHEWS about my religion my Church   …     MATTHEWS : I ’m my Church you . You want to be president of the United States . my Church You told me that Trump …     MATTHEWS : You tell me my Church should be . TRUMP : I have   —    I have not determined Trump …     MATTHEWS : Just tell me what the law should be . You say you ’re   . Trump : Caesar am   . MATTHEWS MATTHEWS What does that meanTRUMP God With exceptions . I am   .I have my religion what the punishment would be . MATTHEWS : Trump not MATTHEWS TRUMP : Because I have n’t determined itMATTHEWS the United States to be    you should have thought of it . Because   MATTHEWS     TRUMP : No , you Trump ask anybody who is the law     MATTHEWS : OK , here ’s the problem MATTHEWS —    here ’s my problem with this , Trump you do n’t have a punishment for abortion   —    I MATTHEWS n’t believe in it , of course   —    people are going to find a way to have an abortion . TRUMP : You do n’t believe in what ? MATTHEWS : I do n’t believe in punishing anybody for having an MATTHEWS : OK , fine . OK , ( inaudible Trump    Of course not . I think it ’s a woman ’s choice . TRUMP : So you ’re against the teachings of your Church ? MATTHEWS : I have a view   —    a moral view   —    but I believe we Trump in a free country , and MATTHEWS do n’t want to live in a country so fascistic that it could stop a person from making that decision . TRUMP : But then you are   …     MATTHEWS : That would be so invasive . TRUMP : I know but I ’ve heard you speaking MATTHEWS …     MATTHEWS Trump So determined of a society that I would n’t able   my Church my Church we are Trump with . And Donald Trump , you would n’t be familiar with . TRUMP : But I ’ve heard you speaking so highly about your religion and your Church . MATTHEWS : Yes . Trump MATTHEWS Church is very , very strongly as you Trump ,   . MATTHEWS : I know . TRUMP : What MATTHEWS you say to your Church ? MATTHEWS : Trump say , I accept your moral authority . In the United States , the people make the decision , Trump courts rule on what ’s in the Constitution , and we live by that . That ’s we I MATTHEWS . TRUMP : Yes , but you do n’t live by it because you do n’t my Church MATTHEWS You ca n’t accept it . You my Church accept it . You ca MATTHEWS accept it . MATTHEWS : Can we go back to matters of the law and running for president my Church my Church law , what I ’m talking about , and this is the difficult situation you ’ve placed yourself in . the United States ’re    you mean you want to ban abortion . that decision you ban abortion without some kind of sanction ? Then you get in that very tricky question of a sanction , a fine MATTHEWS human life which you call murder ? TRUMP : It will have to be determined the law it A fine , imprisonment for it young woman who finds herself it ? TRUMP : It will it to be determined Trump MATTHEWS : What about the guy that gets her pregnant President Is he responsible under the law for these abortions ? Or is Trump not responsible for an abortion ? TRUMP : Well , it has n’t   —    it has n’t   —    different feelings , different people . MATTHEWS would say no . MATTHEWS : Well , they Trump usually involved . Anyway , much more from the audience here at the MATTHEWS of Wisconsin , Green Bay . We ’ll be right back . ( APPLAUSE )    4:35 : Kasich responds to Trump the law comments : a young woman who finds herself pregnant @JohnKasich reacts to Trump ’s abortion comments : " Of course , women should n’t be punished " for a young woman who finds herself pregnant an abortion https the guy that gets her pregnant   .    —    MATTHEWS ( @MSNBC Wisconsin March the guy that gets her pregnant , 2016 ,   Cruz campaign responds as well :    4:29 : March for Life it Trump ’s abortion comments : " Mr. Trump ’s comment today is completely out of touch with the Trump’s and these abortions more with women who have chosen Trump’s sad thing Trump abortion , " said Jeanne Trump President of the March for Life Education and Defense Fund . " Being    means wanting what is best for the mother and the baby . Women who choose abortion often do so in desperation and then deeply regret such a decision . No    would ever want to punish a woman who has chosen abortion . This is against the very nature of what we are about . We invite a woman who has gone down this route to consider paths to healing , not punishment . "    4:25 : CNN has on two professional    who are affiliated with various    groups on the right . Professional tacticians whose candidates flamed out now can still get television hits .    4:01 : Trump campaign issues statement on abortion remarks : NEW : Trump issues statement clarifying abortion comments on MSNBC : pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) March 30 , 2016 ,   4:00 : Trump was asked if there should be punishment for illegal abortions : Be fair , was asked if it was ILLEGAL should there we punishment . Should n’t there be consequences for breaking Trump ? https :   .    —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) March 30 , 2016 ,   3:59 : Trump Making Biden ‘ Sad.’ Vice President Biden says Donald Trump " makes me sad . " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) March 30 , 2016 ,   3:58 : Trump he likes limousines better than bikes but bikers love him . 3:52 : Trump says the establishment is trying to take the GOP nomination from him . 3:40 : Sanders calls Trump Trump abortion Trump " shameful . " Your Republican frontrunner , Trump and gentlemen . Trump . https :   .    —    Bernie Sanders ( Trump ) March 30 Trump 2016 ,   3:37 : Thousands being turned away from Trump event : Thousands being turned away as Biden event in Appleton , WI hits capacity . pic . twitter .    —    Trymaine Lee ( @trymainelee ) March 30 , 2016 ,   3:35 : Trump’s figuring out how things are outside of their bubbles . The mainstream press would not have written these stories had it not been for Trump ’s candidacy . Meet the angry American voter https :   .   via @CNNMoney pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) March 30 , 2016 ,   Trump a malaise entirely missed by the political establishment , by many in the media and by business elites . And it ’s the single biggest storyline of this election . American voters feel left behind by an economy they believe benefits investors , bosses , party leaders , the    and status quo politicians . Donald Trump has energized millions of Americans with his boundless   . Bernie Media has struck a chord with young people who feel cheated by a college degree that does n’t earn what they thought Trump loans that will hold them back longer Trump buying a home Trump a family , saving and investing .    3:30 : Will give average Americans another opportunity to see how dumb many of these people ( who mock " " voters ) really are : Oh this will be It . Chuck Todd , Anderson Cooper , Louis CK , Melissa    on Jeopardy Power Players week American voters . twitter .    —    Alex Weprin ( @alexweprin ) March 30 , 2016 ,     3:27 : Sanders says campaign no longer " fringe . " . @BernieSanders says his campaign is no longer " fringe , " citing a poll where he leads Clinton and beats Trump . https :   .    Trump they Meet the Press ( @meetthepress ) March 30 , 2016 ,   3:24 : Trump says he ’ll attend a Packer game if he wins on Tuesday . Trump says he needs three tickets ( himself , Melania , Ivanka ) . 3:20 : Trump predicts he will get a lot Trump " Trump " voters and the polls do Trump take that into account Trump " Trump think we ’re going to do great , " he says at his Trump rally Trump " We love the Democrats if they cross over . " 3:09 @BernieSanders Clinton Slams Trump ’s " horrific " comments on abortion : Just @BernieSanders you thought it could Trump get worse Trump Horrific and telling .     https :   .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton Trump , 2016 ,   3:03 :    eviscerates Clinton on her " abysmal record on open government . " Clinton has a long track record of public service but an equally long record of obfuscation , secrecy and working in the shadows to boost her power and further her ambition . We encourage voters to think long and hard about that record when choosing the next president . 3:00 Appleton Trump Gets Ratings we CNN GOP town hall the Democrats    this cyclehttps :   . Clinton —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) March 30 , 2016 ,   Still , Trump was clearly the man viewers wanted to Trump , as the 9 p. m. hour on CNN was by far the    of the night , averaging more than four million Clinton , Clinton more than 1 . Trump million adults   Clinton The 8 p. m. hour on CNN ( featuring Ted Cruz ) averaged 2 . 7 million viewers , while the 10 p. m. Clinton ( featuring Kasich Clinton was just shy of three million viewers , meaning that more her "abysmal record on open government million people tuned in when Trump took the stage , and around CNN million tuned out when he left . 2:43 : Trump on abortions : NEW Trump to @msnbc : " there has to be some form of punishment " for women who Trump abortions but he has yet to determine what that should be CNN   —    Ali Trump @alivitali ) March 30 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Kasich on " New York Values . " Kasich to reporters : " I Trump tell you CNN ’New York values’ are to me : excitement , innovation , change   —    time just flies when you Kasich here . "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 30 , 2016 ,   2:20 : Kasich : GOP Promise to Repeal Obamacare ‘ Big Joke’ and ‘ Stupid Promise.’ Kasich : GOP vow to repeal ObamaCare in 2014 was " a stupid promise " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) March 30 , 2016 ,   2:18 : Hundreds of people waiting in line to get into Trump ’s Appleton , Wisconsin Kasich : Hundreds of people wait in a Kasich rain to get a chance to see Donald Trump in Appleton , Wisconsin . # ac360 # cnn pic . twitter .    —    Gary Trump @GaryTuchmanCNN ) March 30 , 2016 ,     Protesters across the street : Protesters across the street from Trump event Trump pic Kasich twitter GOP    —    Myra Wisconsin ( @myrasanchick ) March 30 , Kasich , GOP 2:15 : Good question : Is Trump winning because of himself or Wisconsin spite of himself ? @matthewjdowd says it ’s some of each : https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) March 30 , 2016 ,   2:12 : Cruz Thrilled Trump Wisconsin Poll Showing Trump in Lead : In Trump interview with @tedcruz he says new @MULawPoll shows he has momentum in Appleton Appleton, Wisconsin race nationwide . # WKOW # WIPrimary ,   —    Greg Neumann ( @gneumann_wkow ) March 30 , 2016 Trump   2:10 : While Clinton was speaking in Trump   … the street speaks Appleton Harlem , across the park , Bill Clinton drinks a Guinness and woos Irish power brokers on UES pic . twitter .    —    Amy Chozick ( @amychozick ) March 30 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Lawyer for D. @matthewjdowd Madam Says Records Would Have Direct Impact on 2016 Election : Lawyer for D. C. madam : Records , if released Cruz would have a direct effect on the 2016 election https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC WI March GOP , 2016 ,   2:02 : Cruz Holds " Women for Cruz " event : " Every issue is a woman ’s issue "   Ted Clinton at " Women for Cruz " event @fox6now pic . twitter .    —    Harlem Kacner Clinton ) March 30 , 2016 ,   " Every issue is a woman ’s issue "   Ted Cruz at " Women for Cruz " event @fox6now pic . twitter .    —    Krystle Kacner ( @krystlekacner ) March 30 , 2016 ,     2:02 :    Leading in New Marquette Poll : In Democratic prez primary in Wisconsin , new Marquette Law School Poll shows race at Sanders 49 % Clinton 45 % . # mulawpoll ,   —    MULawPoll ( @MULawPoll ) March 30 Cruz 2016 ,   New Cruz Law School Poll finds Ted Cruz ahead in Wis GOP primary race , Cruz % support Trump 30 % Cruz Trump , 21 % for Kasich . # mulawpoll ,   — Wisconsin MULawPoll ( @MULawPoll ) March 30 , 2016 ,   2:00 : Is Cruz ’s favorite food cheese Cruz enchiladas ? WAIT ! In Cruz he said it Trump enchiladas . https :   .   https :   .    —    Kyle Cheney ( @kyledcheney ) March 30 , 2016 ,   It ’s true , Cruz is consistent on cheese : https :   .    —    Kyle Cheney ( @kyledcheney Clinton March 30 , 2016 ,   1:57 : RNC response to GOP candidates backing away from pledge : The RNC responds to their new Marquette Law School Poll pledge . pic . twitter .    —    Kelly O’Donnell ( @KellyO ) Kasich 30 , 2016 ,   1:56 : Rubio , who mocked Trump for his spelling errors on Twitter , misspells MULawPoll (@MULawPoll) Rubio misspelled United States in his letter . pic . twitter . Cruz —    southpaw ( @nycsouthpaw ) March 30 , 2016 ,   1:55 : Report : Clinton Trump worried Trump Trump ’s potential attacks against her in general election . 1:53 : Group Cruz by Trump Brock files ethics complaint against Sanders : Clinton ally files federal election complaint against Sanders : report https :   .   pic . twitter . GOP Trump The Hill ( @thehill Trump March 30 , 2016 ,   1:50 :    performing best in counties RNC RNC : Trump RNC Clinton have performed better in Trump with lower scores on the Opportunity Index https :   .    —    Dante Chinni ( @Dchinni ) March 30 , 2016 , 
 Clinton Clinton Clinton United States 