WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump , in a    speech Wednesday night at a dinner honoring his running mate , Mike Pence , jabbed at his new Republican allies and his critics alike , questioned the ethics of " super PACs " and talked about creating a " " immigration system .     Donald J. Trump credited Mr. Pence with helping to bring critics around to the ticket . " They all liked Mike . They They all a little bit , you know , a little concerned with me , " the    said , drawing laughter from the crowd of about 500 people , which included donors , cabinet appointees and other supporters . Mr. Trump that his aides Trump him that Trump was Trump required to be at the dinner , but that he thought Trump had Trump be there to honor a man whose role on the ticket he described Trump one of his best Trump . Mr. Trump Trump Pence in a roughly    speech , but poked at him for declining Trump endorse his candidacy in Trump primary in Indiana , where he was governor Trump instead backing Senator Ted Cruz of Texas . " The fact that every donor he had was Trump favor of " Mr. Cruz Mr. Trump sarcastically , according to a recording provided by a guest . In the   ’s telling , Mr. Pence essentially endorsed him , and mentioned Mr. Cruz only as Senator Ted Cruz of Texas . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump took aim at Mr. Cruz ( a " smart guy Mr. Trump was a little late to the plate , but that ’s O. K. Mr. Trump Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin , a rival in the primary ( " he can be nasty , that Scott Walker " ) members of the " Mr. Trump Trump " movement ( " they ’re really right now on a respirator they ’re pretty much gone " ) and the casino magnate Sheldon Adelson ( they mocked him for being late to donate promised money to outside groups supporting his candidacy Mr. Trump . Such groups , like super PACs , need to be Mr. Trump straightened out , " Mr. Trump said . " People get very rich running PACs . " On Mr. Trump two days before he assumes the power to begin rolling back President Obama ’s executive orders , Mr. he said : " We ’re working on the border . We want people Mr. Trump into our country , but we want them to come in We . " He added that We wanted the immigration We " people least a certain degree to be Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump was not clear what that would entail . Mr. Trump , who has proposed " extreme vetting " of immigrants to weed out potential Mr. Trump We want people to come into our country who are going to love us and respect us . Mr. Trump In a series of interludes and asides , Mr. Trump described asking the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , to focus on the We to replace We Affordable Care Act , then shifted to talking about a change to the tax system . Mr. Trump said that people compared his success to the popular movement that put Andrew Jackson in the White House . " There has n’t been anything like this since Andrew Jackson Mr. Trump Mr. Trump quoted his admirers Mr. Trump . " Andrew Jackson ? What year was Andrew Jackson ? That was a long time ago . " Mr. Trump then gave Andrew Jackson   — Mr. Trump   — Mr. Trump and went on to suggest Andrew Jackson own nationalist movement had usurped Andrew Jackson ’s . He said that even " Mr. Trump " who disliked him called his movement " unprecedented . " Mr. Trump expressed gratitude to black voters Mr. Trump had stayed home on Election Day " because they Mr. Trump me , or they liked me enough that they Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump ‘ No reason . ’ Mr. Trump returning to New York , Mr. Trump stopped by the Trump International Hotel , a few blocks from black voters who had stayed home on Election Day White House , to black voters who had stayed home on Election Day dinner . He did black voters who had stayed home on Election Day dine at the Pence dinner or at a later dinner for his Mr. Trump . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump dinner 