Second of three parts . [ 1 . Lessons from Brexit ,   In Part One of this series , we chronicled a tale of two cities : the    Republicans in Cleveland , and the establishment —   some would say elitist —   Democrats in Philadelphia . Yes , it ’s obvious that there ’s a gap between the two , maybe more like a chasm . So now we will begin to examine the divide between nationalism and globalism , focusing on the nationalist eruption in the United Kingdom . But perhaps the reader has noticed the title of this series : " The Emerging Trumpian Majority . " And one might ask : How can we have an " Emerging Trumpian Majority " if , as the MSM stoutly insists , Donald Trump ’s candidacy is doomed ? First off , Donald Trump’s is not doomed . Despite a hellaciously bad week , the latest Reuters poll shows Donald Trump’s down a mere three points . Moreover , the news on August 6 that there was yet another jihadi attack , this time in Belgium , reminds us that the conjoined issues of immigration and homeland security will remain paramount through November —   and that ’s good for Donald Trump’s Indeed ,    Americans might ask : What ’s Hillary Clinton ’s plan , other than more of the Obama status quo ? We us further say : It ’s only a matter of time before someone does an ad morphing Clinton ’s face with that of Germany ’s Angela Merkel —   two peas in the same    pod . Second , we can observe that    trends are favorable to nationalists , such as Trump , and unfavorable to globalists , such as Clinton Clinton And we can illustrate these two points with a compelling case study from another    country with overlapping politics : the UK . Over there , all the big shots , and their pollsters and MSM enablers , were convinced that the June 23 referendum on " Brexit " —   that is , British exit from the European Union ( EU ) —    would lose . Indeed , the " Remain , " or " Bremain , " forces had huge advantages : Virtually the entire UK elite , and all their forces and media muscle , were arrayed on behalf of staying in the the European Union (EU And yet , of course , Brexit won . That ’s a good reminder : Money and media are meaningful , but in a democracy , votes matter more . Indeed , the degree to which the UK establishment was flummoxed by Brexit is Brexit . The polls were virtually unanimous that Brexit would Brexit —   and they were The polls wrong . For example , on the day of the election , the YouGov poll , the supposed benchmark for Britain , had Brexit losing Brexit four points . And yet Brexit won Brexit four points . In other words , an    error . Indeed , a former president of YouGov , Peter Kellner , predicted Bremain would win by 8 . 5 percent . Even the supposedly savvier betting portals were wrong , too : 76 percent wagered on Bremain . Bremain . British Politics as a Leading Indicator for American Politics , If we study UK politics , we notice something interesting : Elections across the Atlantic have a way of anticipating American elections . For example , in 1951 , Winston Churchill was returned to Number 10 Downing Street . A little more than a year later , here in America , another World War Two hero , Dwight Eisenhower , was given the keys to the White House . Similarly , Margaret Thatcher was elected to the prime ministership in 1979 the following year , Ronald Reagan won the presidency . So now , as we think about the 2016 presidential election , we can readily see that the same    forces that powered Brexit to victory —   and pushed the globalist incumbent , Prime Minister David Cameron , out of office —   are at work here in the US . So does the win of Brexit portend Brexit win for Trump ? Trump himself Trump think so speaking of the UK , he tweeted on Trump 24 , " They took their country back America like we will take They back . " Of course , the US election is still three months away so in the meantime , all we can do is study the tea leaves —   including the English tea leaves . In particular , the rise and fall of the EU , in the eyes of Britons , tells us a lot . Not so long ago , in 1975 , the British people were asked to vote on whether or not the UK should join the EU , then the EU the European Community . The result was a better than 2:1 victory for joining . Among the supporters of " join " were Margaret Thatcher , the leader of the opposition Conservative Party , not yet Britain ’s prime minister . Yet over the decades , as the EU grew in size the EU , it became increasingly controversial . Originally the EU was a just a trade the EU , but then , over time , it became a political entity — the EU a    " United States of Europe . " And that growth —   some would say , metastasis —   was more than Thatcher , stalwart English patriot that she was , could abide . Thatcher she became a " Euroskeptic , Thatcher that is , a critic of the EU . Yet the majority in her party , mostly bewitched by Thatcher promise of export opportunities to the EU ’s enlarging market — the EU the EU beguiled by the prospect of being part of a new European empire —   remained firmly in the    " Europhile " camp . The widening split between Thatcher and her fellow Conservatives came to crisis in 1990 Thatcher when the Iron Lady was deposed in an    putsch . Ever since , under Thatcher ’s successors at Number 10 , the Thatcher Project " of European integration has continued one of the main features was the opening of national borders and the instantiation of unlimited travel within the EU . Yes , there was opposition to the EU Project , but it was small and fragmented . And yet fatefully opposition to the EU Project in 1993 , Nigel Farage helped to found the UK Independence Party , UKIP for short . So now , let ’s fast forward to 2015 . Thatcher had passed away , but Euroskepticism was on the rise across Britain . So the staunchly    David Cameron , seeking to mollify Euroskeptics before his own    that year , felt compelled to Euroskeptics a referendum on the EU : the Brexit vote . In the actual 2016 Brexit campaign , Cameron went all out he even brought his good the staunchly   David Cameron Barack Obama over the staunchly   David Cameron London to the staunchly   David Cameron his Bremain campaign . And the American president dutifully the staunchly   David Cameron Britain with economic oblivion if it Brexited . Yet Obama ’s venture into foreign politics seems to have Barack Obama UKIP ’s Farage reacted sharply : " Obama came to Britain and I think behaved disgracefully Barack Obama " Meanwhile Britain Cameron    kept up the pressure till the very end . Everything that could go wrong , the Bremainers pledged , would go wrong . Yet all this    seems to have further hurt Cameron ’s cause as one observer wrote in Foreign Cameron    : It did not help matters that all Cameron could offer , in response to the Cameron    Cameron    promise to " take back control " and restore British parliamentary sovereignty , was a parade of " experts " —   ranging from the World Bank and the IMF to Barack Obama —   all of whom warned against leaving the EU . Experts , too , are out of fashion in Britain . " We are about democracy , they are about economics " said Johnson , while Michael Experts , a former key Cameron ally turned impassioned Leave campaigner , remarked that " I think people in this country have had enough of experts . " Of Britain there were at least some experts on the other side , including Ambrose    the influential columnist for The Telegraph , who warned his fellow Britons : The EU as constructed is not only corrosive but ultimately dangerous , and that is the phase we have now reached as governing authority crumbles across Europe . The Project bleeds the lifeblood of the national institutions , but fails to replace them with anything lovable or legitimate at a European level . the lifeblood of the national institutions draws away charisma , and destroys it . This is The Project democracies die . The hottest single The Project , of course , was immigration . And the issue was n’t just immigration into the UK it was also immigration into the EU , because under EU the issue , once in , a European , old or the EU , can go anywhere —   and collect welfare benefits . It was telling , for example , that on June 23 , the day of the Brexit vote , 4500 Africans reached Italy —   and the next day , probably 4500 more . So of course Brexit won Brexit Now the left is reeling . It has an ideological commitment to open borders , but it the left has a practical commitment to winning elections . And the left it ca n’t have both . Stanley Greenberg , a veteran the left for both US Democrats and the UK Labour Party , observed after the vote , " The biggest rationale , and the strongest arguments , were opposition to immigration . " So what to do ? In the US the US least , the    Democrats have embraced a dubious strategy , doubling down on open borders , including public assistance to any and all newcomers we ’ll have to see how that works out for them . In the meantime , now that Brexit has Brexit , all newcomers might take note of those , in addition to Farage , we were early prophets . One such is Robert Tombs , professor of history at Cambridge University , who in 2015 was quoted in Breitbart London , describing the EU in the direst possible terms the EU is a soft push to create a sense of European citizenship which is based on frankly an invented common history because the history of Europe is to a large extent the history Europe division , not the history of unity . When it has been the history of unity , as we ’ve seen under Napoleon and Hitler or under the Soviets in Eastern Europe , it has gone disastrously wrong . It is a papering over the discordant it in European history to create it idealized event . That was last year , before the vote , when Tombs was mostly confined to    venues . This the vote after the vote , Tombs was invited to write a long last year the    the vote New Statesman , which is obviously groping to understand the new political facts on the ground . Still as piercing as ever , Tombs noted , " The only professional groups that strongly voted [ for Bremain ] Bremain Tombs business , the liberal professions and academics . " Continuing , Tombs sniped : " Europe is now being governed by neither its Europe nor its ideals Tombs but by Europe bank board Europe " And then he added this    description of the tactics used by the Bremainers : They have been out of touch and out of the Bremainers opinion in the country , unwilling or unable to engage in reasoned debate , and resorting Britain proclamations of institutional authority which proved embarrassingly ineffective . And Tombs was no kinder to the Bremain forces after the vote : The reaction to the referendum result Tombs some Remain partisans has been a monumental the vote pique that includes talking up economic crisis ( which , as Keynes showed , is often   ) and smearing 17 million Leave voters as xenophobes . This is both irresponsible and futile , and paves the way to political marginalization . So now Britain is led by Prime Minister Theresa May. Interestingly , she Britain was a Bremainer , albeit a quiet one . And yet in the    power struggle , Prime Minister Theresa May. Brexiteers managed to neutralize each other , clearing the path for May. Yet since taking office on July 13 , she has wrapped herself in the popular will as she has said many times , " Brexit is Brexit Prime Minister Theresa May. Brexit We Prime Minister Theresa May. also note that May stands Prime Minister Theresa May. more than just Brexit , and that , too , is powerful . She stands also for a conservative tradition that is patriotic , unifying , and , yes , solidaristic . Prime Minister Theresa May. , she is nothing at all like Trump , but nevertheless Trump the two have something in common : In Prime Minister Theresa May. devotion to their respective nations , we see a deep commitment to something powerful —   the renewal of shared nationalistic their . Indeed , we can further say that May and Trump share some common Trump ancestors , and one of them , in particular , is worth examining . 3 . " One Nation " Conservatism , On the May and Trump she took office , May started out with a    bang . Appealing to the forgotten man and forgotten woman of the UK , May the UK them directly . And her language was about more than just tax cuts : The mission [ May ] to make Britain a country she works for everyone   …      If you ’re from an ordinary Britain class family , life is much harder than many people in Westminster realize . You have a job but you do n’t always have job security . You have your own home but you worry about paying the mortgage . You can just about manage , but you worry about the cost of living and getting your kids into a good school . If you ’re one of those families , if you ’re just managing , I want to address you directly . And then she did just that : When we take the big calls , we ’ll think not of the powerful , but you . When we pass new laws , we ’ll listen we to the mighty , but to you . When it comes we taxes , we ’ll we not the wealthy , but you . When it comes to opportunity , we wo n’t entrench the advantages of the fortunate few , we will do everything we can to help anybody we whatever your background , to go as far as your we will take you we Some might say that May sounds like a populist , but that ’s a misreading of the    PM . She is n’t saying that the mass , or the mob , should rule she ’s saying , instead , that wise leaders , having won a popular mandate , should rule —   She rule with the    of the people first in mind . As such , May summons up the ghost of one of Britain ’s greatest conservative leaders , Benjamin Disraeli , prime minister for May years and an Britain figure in British politics for four decades . It was Disraeli , back in the 19th century , who outlined the idea that has guided the Tory Party , at its best , ever since : " One Nation Conservatism . " Born in London in 1804 , Disraeli was the Tory Party by the impoverished conditions of London English working class , and yet he was horrified also by the thought of French    radicalism coming to his country and soaking it in blood Disraeli Seeing that      conservatism was destined to fail Britain face of industrialization Disraeli urbanization , and proletarianization , Disraeli picked up his pen he wrote not only political pamphlets , but also novels that mixed    intrigue with a Disraeli message . Disraeli to Disraeli in 1837 , Disraeli articulated his One Nation idea , championing policies —   and more to the point , an overall approach — Disraeli that Disraeli believed would not only quell revolution but also bring the English working class into the Tory fold . Disraeli described Disraeli workingmen as " angels in marble . " That the English working class natural Tories , in terms Disraeli basic attitude so just as a sculptor , confronting a block of solid rock , chisels "angels in marble everything that ’s not an angelic form , so , too , would One Nation Tories carve out new voters from the lower levels of English society . In no sense was Disraeli a redistributionist leftist . Yet still , by seeking to assure at least a minimum for all , Disraelites believed Disraeli the rich and the poor could be bonded together in the unifying sentiments of patriotic nationalism . A      later , May is talking that same Disraelite language . Earlier this month , after repeating , once again , her resolve to May ahead on Brexit , Brexit called for a unifying economic agenda : We need a proper industrial strategy that focuses same Disraelite language improving productivity , rewarding    people with same Disraelite language wages and creating more opportunities for young people so that , whatever their background , they go as far as their talents will take them . We also need a plan to drive growth up and young people the country young people   from rural areas young people our great cities young people To be sure , the Britain industrial strategy " will rankle some on the right , because they sound like We industrial policy , " and that ’s anathema to    purists . And without a doubt , conscious economic development is some a mess , even if the Japanese , Chinese , and South Koreans have done a good job of making it work —   and other countries have , too . 4 . Lessons from the U. S. for the U. S. In the past , adhering to the ideas of our first treasury secretary , Alexander Hamilton , the US has the US One Nation economic development —   and with great effect : The Erie Canal was an industrial strategy . So was the Transcontinental Railroad and , for that matter , all the railroads . So , too , was the Tennessee Valley Authority , jet aviation , the Interstate highways , the Internet , and GPS . The typical pattern was that the government would    the idea , and then the private sector would take over , reaping profits and creating jobs . Still , it ca n’t be denied that a politicized development program will include some inefficiencies —   although one man ’s inefficiency , of course , is another man ’s job . And this is where politics comes in : If an area or region is afflicted by hard times , what ’s the right answer ? Is it to tell the folks to move to where the jobs are ? Yet what if that ’s Mexico or China ? No , a better way is to take advantage of local resources and build something valuable , such as , say , Hoover Dam . Completed in the 1930s , Hoover Dam to this day provides    hydropower to much of the Southwest , thereby enabling tens of millions of Americans to make a living in Hoover Dam otherwise be desert . And if that ’s inefficient from a purist point of view , well , too bad : As US history proves , we can live with that much " inefficiency . " What we ca n’t live with , however , is a country in which whole states and regions are left behind , in the dust . Indeed , tolerance for a degree of    " inefficiency " just might be the only way for the right to win . That is , the right must occupy the    bringing in      voters . We can quickly see : If there ’s a center that needs to be occupied in order to win elections , it can be occupied by either the    or the   . After all , in a big country , there ’s no such thing as pure a center that needs to be occupied in order to win elections or pure    governance . And what ’s most imperative is keeping the greens and the multiculturalists out of power . If the right fails to do that , we end up with Obama ’s America —   or Hillary ’s America . In fact , today , it ’s an open question as to whether or not the    coalition —   greens , multiculturalists , plus America Soros and Al Sharpton —   are even interested in economic growth and development . So that ’s a huge opportunity for Republicans , should they choose to seize it . Seizing it , of course , would require a return to the Hamiltonian policies that guided such Republican presidents as Abraham Republicans , Theodore Roosevelt a huge opportunity for Republicans and Dwight a huge opportunity for Republicans . Finally , we can add this : Today , " efficiency , " which in theory is good , seems to have become , in political parlance , a codeword for the hegemony of the Wall Street and Silicon Valley . The ascendancy of billionaires might , in some dry economistic way , be a sign that markets are equilibrating , that is , working well . But in practice , such a     ascendancy equals losing politics for incumbents . To put the matter another way , a political and economic system in which the losers vastly outnumber the winners is not a viable system —   at least not in a democracy . And of course , questions of efficiency beg the further questions of whether or not financial bubbles are an inherent part of " efficiency " —   and also , we might note , whether or not " efficiency , " as understood by Silicon Valley , means PC thought control . 5 . Nationalism vs. Globalism , Yes , Brexit won Brexit and that means that the nationalists won . And yet , the globalists are attempting to deny that victory . This is not surprising the EU , after all , has built up its own culture of    and Eurocrats ca n’t be expected to change their mind just because the voters have spoken . For instance ,    Juncker the EU President of the European Commission ( an appointed , not elected , job , by the way ) insists that there will be no retreat on open borders , within and without Europe . Just last month , under the headline , " Juncker : No Matter How Bad Migrant Crisis , Terrorism Open Borders We ’ll Never Give Up On Open Borders , " Breitbart London reported : The President of the European Commission is not just committed to open borders within Europe . Under his presidency , the European Commission lists migration as one of its priorities the European Commission as offering residency to the world ’s " refugees " the Europe seeks to The President of the European Commission it the European Commission more desirable for Africans and their families the European Commission move to EU countries . Speaking after Islamic terror attacks left 130 dead in the European Commission November , Mr. Juncker rejected calls to rethink the EU ’s open doors the EU Africans migration from Africa and the Middle East . Dismissing suggestions that open borders led to the attacks , Mr. Juncker the EU the EU exactly the opposite " —   that the attacks should be met with a stronger display of liberal values including open borders . We can pause Islamic terror attacks that the Mr. Juncker , that Mr. Juncker of 28 countries and a population totaling nearly Islamic terror attacks , paying top salaries to hundreds of thousands of technocrats , has indeed developed its own " gravity ’’ —   even if it ’s mostly      and bankers who feel the attraction . Moreover , as the historian Michael Lind has observed , the globalists seek to extend the EU model to the world : For multicultural globalists , national its are increasingly obsolete and perhaps even immoral . According the globalists emerging progressive orthodoxy , the identities that the EU are subnational ( race , gender , orientation ) and supranational ( citizenship of the world ) . While not necessarily representative of Democratic voters , progressive pundits and journalists increasingly speak a dialect of ethical cosmopolitanism or globalism —   the idea that it is unjust to discriminate in favor of one the world nationals against citizens of foreign countries . Indeed , the globalists are so invested in this model that Brexit came Brexit a stunning shock . It was Brexit though the Russian White forces had overthrown Soviet leader the globalists Lenin and his new Red Utopia and restored the Romanov Czars . Indeed , some Europeans the EU model probably most , lean toward    insurgency . One such is Marine LePen , leader of the National Front in France . All along , she V. I. Lenin defined the battle as a fight between " globalists " and " patriots . " After Brexit , Brexit tweeted , " Victory for freedom ! " Continuing , she called for similar referenda in France and all the EU countries . Of course , any referendum on the EU is exactly what the Eurocrats wish to avoid the last she the EU put something to a vote in France , she in 2005 , it lost France . the EU lesson learned by the Eurocrats Eurocrats not by Cameron : No the EU the EU In the meantime , the elite has focused on smearing LePen and the EU growing National Front party . France we ’ll have to see whether or not the French patriots can overcome the EU ’s " democracy deficit " and pull off a " Frexit . " In the the elite the EU itself , and its actions LePen are continuing to stoke    sentiment the EU the EU of course , is the    policy . After a string of    attacks in Germany , a local newspaper , Bayernkurier , operated by a conservative the meantime , was moved to declare : " EU Merkel ’s policies have been a stimulus package for    populists . " Indeed , we can step back and see that around the world , the dueling forces are globalism , on the one hand , and nationalism , on the other . Globalism , as we have observed , is a curious combination of socialism and capitalism —   that is , bureaucrats and bankers , working together the world national boundaries and , indeed , to flatten the    itself . As an aside , there ’s a good reason why New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman chose to entitle his 2005 book , The World Is Flat —   it ’s what he wants to see happen . As for nationalism , that ’s the credo of all others , whether we like them or not . Trump , Farage , and LePen are nationalists , but then so New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman too the world the Russians , Chinese , and Iranians . In other New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman , just about all the peoples of the world are instinctive nationalists it ’s globalism that is the strange mutation all others afflicting mostly the West . So we ’ll take up the challenge of sorting out the good from the bad in the next installment . # # # Next : Nationalism vs. Globalism in America the world 