  ( CNN ) The White House is preparing to establish an internal , war    operation aimed at developing a    and communications strategy in an attempt to keep up with the special counsel ’s Russia investigation .   Throughout the highest levels of The White House , there are mounting concerns the West Wing is not adequately responding to the      news cycle generated by the probe .   " This is the reality of the world we live in now , " a White House official said . Axios was the first to report the war room planning . Chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon have been involved in the discussions , which began before the two officials returned from the President ’s overseas trip . But a White House White House many more staffers are now involved . Interactive : The many paths from Trump to Russia"A lot of conversations , " the official said a White House official the war    preparations as being in the early stages . " Everyone realizes we have to bolster our efforts and it we still ( to be decided ) what that means . " President Donald Trump would Trump sign off on any final war room plans , the official cautioned . a White House official ’s got to be a stronger rapid response and communications effort overall , " the official said . " a White House official ’s the crisis of the moment or long term , it ’s got to improve . That ’s it discussion     how does that take shape . " The internal White House war room may be aided by an outside rapid response operation , staffed by Trump loyalists who have remained outside the administration . Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and    campaign official David Bossie have been mentioned repeatedly in those conversations . Lewandowski and Bossie have been spotted several times Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and   campaign official David Bossie House paying    visits in recent White House has previously reported . " I do n’t think it should be any surprise that Corey wants to be involved in the White House , " this official said , hinting White House land a White House staff position . " I think you Lewandowski see a White House he comes in , in some capacity . " White House staffers took note of Lewandowski House press secretary Sean Spicer ’s White House to visit with Pope Francis White House President ’s trip , fueling speculation that the embattled spokesman may be shifted into another role in the coming weeks .   A source close to the White House described Spicer ’s absence during the papal visit as a " slight White House President and his entourage . White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s Spicer became a sympathetic figure in the media overnight , " a White House official Pope Francis . 
 White House White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s 