  ( CNN ) Donald Trump is n’t making it easy for Republicans . The GOP nominee likely won a reprieve by exceeding low expectations at Sunday ’s debate . The GOP nominee may have stopped , at least for now , the stampede of Republicans who were fleeing from The GOP nominee campaign after a video emerged Friday of The GOP nominee discussing women in vulgar and sexually aggressive terms . But one truth is emerging from the wreckage of one of the most intense 72 hours in modern American politics : Trump has virtually no path right now to the 270 electoral votes Trump will need to capture the presidency in 28 days . Paul Ryan turns away from Trump intensified Trump scorched Paul Ryan strategy Tuesday with a tweetstorm in which he blasted Paul Ryan Paul Ryan and John McCain and declared the " shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to . " Trump ’s Trump tactic of merely trying to energize his base Trump without demonstrating a broader strategy to win over more moderate voters , is pushing top Republicans into an even more precarious position . Because the debate was n’t a total flop , Trump made Trump harder for them to completely break with his floundering Trump at a time when his drag Trump the ticket could cost them control them the US Senate , and possibly even the House . " He basically Trump Republicans of the reasons why he ’s Trump nominee Republicans on Obamacare , judges , and the attacks on Hillary Clinton , " said Lanhee Chen , a Republican strategist and CNN commentator who is also a fellow at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution . " Those are all things that made Republicans very comfortable . It makes it harder It officeholders and candidates to leave him . Lanhee Chen, a Republican strategist and CNN commentator who is also a fellow at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution Conundrum for Republicans , The conundrum for Republicans came into greater focus Monday . A new NBC    Street Journal poll taken after Trump ’s tape surfaced found Hillary Clinton surging to an    lead among likely voters in a    race for the White House . And without formally revoking his endorsement of Trump , Trump’s Speaker the White House Ryan cut the nominee loose and said he would the nominee longer defend him , the nominee devoting his energy the nominee securing the congressional majorities . But Trump ’s Trump’s mate , Mike Pence , and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus stood by the nominee the nominee the bleak prospects . Pence congratulated Trump on Trump’s said he never considered leaving Trump’s ticket     even as dozens of Republicans called on the nominee to step aside the nominee weekend .   " I ’ll always keep my conversations with Donald Trump and my family private , " Pence told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota Pence " New Day . " " But it ’s absolutely false to suggest that at any point in time we considered dropping off this ticket CNN " Running with the ticket     Pence said , " is Donald Trump Pence honor of my life . " Preibus , meanwhile , put to rest talk that the RNC was ready to cut Trump off to devote resources exclusively to Donald Trump races . " Nothing has changed in regard with our relationship , " Priebus said in a call with RNC committee members , according to sources RNC the call . " We are in full coordination with the our campaign . We have a great Donald Trump with them our And we are going to the Trump campaign to work our to make sure he wins in November . " For her part , Clinton and her allies Clinton steadily becoming more bullish Clinton The campaign is eyeing whether to spend the Trump campaign additional states . " There is always a chance , " Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri told reporters Monday Clinton " It ’s the kind of thing that we are     on and we have to see how these states are we and if that is a smart thing to do . " Grover Norquist : Donald Trump still has n’t signed tax pledge , Priorities USA , the leading super PAC supporting Clinton , is preparing to expand beyond the Clinton race and potentially run television ads focused on a handful of competitive Senate races , CNN ’s Dana Bash reported Monday . Until now , Priorities USA has spent the 2016 election cycle Priorities USA on getting Clinton elected . The fact that they may Clinton their resources to also promote Democratic candidates in    they suggests how increasingly confident they are in a Clinton victory . Still , they are signs Clinton caution in Clinton ’s world . Trump ’s decision to Clinton    press conference with women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual impropriety in the past shocked Clinton Hillary Clinton ’s aides . They said the move did n’t intimidate Clinton , but there Trump’s decision to hold a   press conference with women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual impropriety in the past an acknowledgment inside Clinton ’s Clinton that if the wheels completely come off Clinton operation , the attacks could grow even more personal . Trump’s was supposed to be his big moment , " Palmieri told reporters . " His threat , he followed through and it had no effect , so his do n’t his what he is His threat to do as an encore . "   Frustration among his Republicans , The St. Louis debate underscored the    frustration among establishment Republicans that Trump has made no real effort to moderate his tone in a fashion that would reassure and win over independents and his voters in the blue states that he must flip to win the White House . The bar for Trump his undeniably low Sunday night . But unlike the first debate , Trump did successfully launch attacks on Hillary Clinton ’s The St. Louis debate , his were attacks designed to rev up the conservative base : criticizing her handling of the Benghazi attack , excoriating her judgment in using a private email server , and attempting to shift the spotlight her to past troubles within her marriage . 7 takeaways from the second presidential debate , He thrilled his supporters her asserting that if he were President , he ’d appoint a special He to look into her " He , " and He her in jail     immediately drawing Twitter comparisons her a dictator of a banana republic her Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s campaign manager , hailed the debate as a victory and insisted the Trump campaign would welcome back any Republican who had rescinded his or her endorsement . Trump’s We hope what they saw on display last night was somebody her to take the case to Hillary Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s campaign manager , " Conway said on " CBS This Morning . " " If those members can live with giving the next three or four Supreme Court justices over to Hillary Clinton , they should think about that . "    Winning back women , Hillary Clinton the debate those members can live with giving the next three or four Supreme Court justices over to Hillary Clinton centered on how Trump might try to win back women offended by his assertion on the 2005 tape that his fame gave him license to grope and kiss Trump he had just met . Trump Trump during the Trump , and when pressed by debate Trump and CNN Anchor Anderson Trump , Trump the debate had never made unwanted sexual advances on women . But rather than appealing to Trump with Trump words of contrition or an explanation of how he had changed , Trump again merely dismissed his 2005 comments about women as " locker room Trump , " before Trump incoherently into a Trump about ISIS and beheadings around the world . Donald Trump ’s mission : Make Clinton ’s life hell for the next month , That missed Trump reach out to voters disgusted by the tape was only amplified by the spectacle that Trump staged before the debate     parading out three women who had previously accused Bill Clinton of sexual Trump in the 1990s , in an attempt to unnerve his opponent . Several Republican strategists and donors said they cringed as they watched the bizarre scene play Bill Clinton as a prelude to the debate . It Several Republican strategists and donors to be Several Republican strategists and donors how voters will greet Trump ’s strategy of trying to shift the conversation to Bill Clinton ’s past , and how they Trump react to his fierce attacks on Clinton , who sometimes fares better among female voters when she is viewed as Bill Clinton victim . With less than a month until Election Day , Trump has Bill Clinton ground to make up . 
 Trump 