  ( CNN ) He is undocumented and agrees with President Donald Trump on some of He    immigration policies . " I do n’t consider it President Donald Trump policy .   I consider it his policy more like the law , " said Juan Carlos    of West Frankfort , Illinois . Hernandez was detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement last month .   Hernandez spent 20 days in ICE custody and said some of Hernandez cellmates , who are also undocumented , see the President favorably . " Donald Trump was the first to be known for promise and delivery , " Hernandez remembered Donald Trump cellmates saying .   " They wish that the Mexican President and every other president in the world would do the same . " Hernandez said Hernandez agrees with the President ’s policies toward border security , terrorism , energy and with Hernandez Supreme Curt nominee .   Hernandez is a husband and father of three children , ages 2 to 8 , who are US citizens .   Hernandez said Hernandez was at home when an immigration agent was walking outside Hernandez fence on February 9 .   an immigration agent recognized him an immigration agent he an immigration agent , from a January 2015 encounter , when ICE went to his an immigration agent looking for someone who no longer lived there . " He an immigration agent me from a few years ago , " Hernandez an immigration agent . The an immigration agent he was an immigration agent " because I told him a an immigration agent years ago . " Unlike the previous encounter , this time the agent an immigration agent take him into custody an immigration agent   ICE has pointed ICE his two DUI an immigration agent from nearly 10 years ago as the reason . Hernandez , who came to the United States from Mexico almost 20 years ago , said he does n’t an immigration agent profiled . " He was doing an immigration agent job , an immigration agent he said . an immigration agent But he did ask an immigration agent agent for compassion , noting that his son ’s an immigration agent birthday was on Valentine ’s Day . " I said , ’Please do n’t take me in now,’ " Hernandez said . an immigration agent was detained an immigration agent and it looked like he could be an immigration agent . He was released an immigration agent but deportation is still a possibility . " On March 1 ,    was released from ICE custody after posting bond , which was awarded by a federal immigration judge . His removal proceedings an immigration agent pending in immigration court , " ICE said Thursday .   Diverse support , In his adopted hometown an immigration agent West Frankfort , he ’s just an immigration agent as Carlos , the former manager of a popular Mexican restaurant , the friendly face that greets everyone with a smile and a nice word . Most of the people he interacted with an immigration agent he said , an immigration agent n’t know he was undocumented an immigration agent   It ’s not something he advertised . an immigration agent Especially in Franklin County , a deep conservative part of Illinois .   More than 70 % of votes cast here went to Donald Trump .   But as Hernandez found out , the scores of people he interacted with Hernandez the restaurant and at volunteer , business and charity events in town valued him for being Hernandez contributing member of the community , regardless of his legal status Hernandez When the town found town was detained Hernandez immigration authorities , many were devastated about what it could mean for town wife , Hernandez , and their children . " This is a very emotional deal for us because of our friendship , " us his longtime pal Hernandez Grigsby .   While Hernandez was still detained , Grigsby launched a local his longtime pal Tim Grigsby asking the community to write letters of support for his friend to persuade his longtime pal Tim Grigsby immigration judge to give clemency to Hernandez . Hernandez learned Hernandez the Hernandez from inside a detention center in Missouri , when he talked to his Hernandez by phone Hernandez " If you knew my friends , that ’s something you should expect , " Hernandez said with a Hernandez . His cellmates got wind Hernandez the overwhelming support for Hernandez , and they Hernandez rallying around His cellmates inside the detention Hernandez . a detention center in Missouri , roommates started saying , ’Go ahead,’ " Hernandez said , referring Hernandez how the other detainees waved him on to make Hernandez phone calls to his friends and supporters Hernandez Awaiting a court date , Hernandez is elated to Hernandez back in his beloved small Illinois Hernandez .   He posted $ 3 Hernandez 000 bail and is   waiting for an immigration court date .   His attorney said it Hernandez take years , given the backlog in immigration court . But one more thing is weighing heavy on his shoulders .   Hernandez ca n’t work Hernandez which is standard   for an undocumented immigrant awaiting a court date .   " It is going to be difficult . .. not be able to work , not be able to provide for the family , " he said , adding Hernandez his wife , a Hernandez citizen , has a job . While he can not keep Hernandez job , now Hernandez he is out of Hernandez shadows , he plans to keep Hernandez promise to his oldest son . Hernandez I told him that I was here to his oldest son . I ’m going nowhere , " Hernandez said .   Hernandez said he has Hernandez trying Hernandez attain legal status for 10 years and wants to become a US citizen .   " I ’ve been trying and trying but the system is broke . It did n’t allow me to the system forward . Other than to do an application ( for permanent resident status ) . And just wait , " he said . 
 Hernandez 