  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s pick to be national security adviser , retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , called Islamism a " vicious cancer inside the body of 1 . 7 billion people " that has to be " excised " during an August speech .   Flynn , who has called Islam as a whole a " cancer " in the past , made the comments during a speech to the Ahavath Torah Congregation in Stoughton , Massachusetts . Video of his speech is available on YouTube and was reviewed by CNN ’s KFile .   " We are facing another ’ism,’ just like We faced Nazism , and fascism , and imperialism and communism , " Flynn said . " This is Islamism , This is a vicious cancer inside the body of 1 . 7 billion people on this planet and this planet has to be excised . " In the same speech , Flynn falsely claimed that Florida Democrats voted to impose Islamic shariah law at the state and local level . The claim , peddled by    blogs in 2014 , was rated " pants on fire " by the independent    organization PolitiFact , which explained that the bill in question was about prohibiting judges from using foreign law in family law cases if the law conflicted with existing U. S. policy . Democrats voted against the bill in question , saying it the bill in question unnecessary and targeted Muslims in the state .   " Look up something called ’the American laws for American courts,’ " Flynn said . " I do n’t know if it ’s happening up here in Massachusetts , it it happening in other states . I have had people in the media , mainstream media , say , ’oh , that ’s all a conspiracy , it that a lie . ’ "   " No , in the state of Florida , " he continued . " The the state of Florida have 36 Florida at the state level . 36 senators at the state level . the state level them are Democrats , the Republicans 36 senators at the state level the majority in the Florida state senate . Florida 12 Democrats , all 12 Democrats voted to impose All 12 Democrats local and state level . Now , it was beaten because the Republicans are in charge . the Republicans telling you , this is ’American laws for America ’s courts . ’ " Flynn did n’t respond to a comment request for this story . CNN ’s KFile reported last week Flynn shared fake news and interacted with figures of Flynn      on Twitter . On Monday , CNN ’s KFile reported Flynn said " who knows CNN when KFile about Flynn conspiracy about the 2013 sarin gas attack in Syria being a " false flag . " In the speech , Flynn fielded a question asking if President Obama was Flynn Muslim .   " Okay let me repeat the question , " Flynn said . " Is Obama doing this intentionally Flynn is he incompetent and President Obama he a Muslim ?   President Obama is where I President Obama we ’re to blame . We . We . You , me , are we blame we All you have to do , and most people do n’t do these things , I do because it ’s part of who I am , all you got to do is read what he ’s written and listen to what he says President Obama It ’s that simple . " President Obama " Well before he became president of the United States the first President Obama , he said what he was going to do , President Obama Flynn added President Obama " He said it . The second time     fool President Obama once , shame on me . Fool me twice , shame on you President Obama I mean what happened ? The second time he comes in     honestly , the first time President Obama was kind of hopeful . Maybe we ’re enlightened . This country , this is going to be a the United States . He says all these things . I ’m listening President Obama what he ’s saying . I ’m like , ’wow President Obama This is different . This ’m different.’ " This is an individual who has an ideologyand he has This for all the ill will of President Obama United States of America over our history , for who we have been . He has . The apology tour our His speech President Obama Cairo was unbelievable . I ’m President Obama there and I ’m listening to it because I was deployed at that ’m and we His speech in Cairo watching what our president ’s saying because it ’s going to cause we impact , and boy His speech in Cairo it cause some impact . It caused the Muslim world His speech in Cairo blow up . " His speech in Cairo the full speech : 
 His speech in Cairo 