’’ ’The US House of Representatives voted on Tuesday to kill a set of    privacy regulations for internet service providers created by the Federal Communications Commission last October.’ ’The most notable part of the rules , which has not yet taken effect , would require broadband providers such as Verizon , Comcast , and AT&T to obtain explicit consent before selling explicit consent customers’    histories ,    data , and other personal information to advertisers and other   .’ ’The resolution was adopted in a 215 to 205 vote , with most Republicans in favor of the repeal and most Democrats against.’ ’The House was voting on   a resolution   by Republican senator Jeff Flake of Arizona and    by 24 other Republicans that broadly calls for the FCC ’s rules to " have no force or effect . " ’ ’The resolution was   in a    party line vote last Thursday . ’The resolution still needs to be signed by President Donald Trump before becoming law , though that appears to be a formality after the White House   for the repeal on Tuesday.’ ’The resolution was proposed via the   a traditionally    law that Republicans have used more than a    times this year to repeal regulations passed by federal agencies late in the Obama administration.’ ’Because the resolution was approved using the Congressional Review Act , the FCC will be barred from creating similar privacy regulations for internet providers , provided Trump does not have a change of heart.’ ’The   were approved in a    party line vote last October after months of debate.’ ’They were created as an addendum of sorts to the 2015 Open Internet Order . That the 2015 Open Internet Order the internet as a public utility and implemented the    —    which legally prevent ISPs from blocking , throttling , or prioritizing websites as they see fit   —    but also left jurisdiction of ISPs’ privacy policies up to the FCC , instead of the Federal Trade Commission , where it had been previously.’ ’The FCC ’s the FCC rules imposed a range of guidelines on internet providers regarding how they treat internet providers protect consumer data . The most notable bit would ’ve required them to internet providers    consent from consumers before they were internet providers to sell " sensitive " information.’ ’Much of what the FCC deemed " sensitive " lined up with items noted similarly in the FTC ’s privacy guidelines , including things like geolocation data , financial information , and health information . Notably , however , the FCC the FCC    and    data are    enough to require consumers’ explicit permission before being shared with advertisers as well.’ " That specific provision is not scheduled to take effect until December , though . It ’s now extremely unlikely that it ever will It effect , but if it does , It internet provider will have to ask for permission before it ’s allowed your internet provider collect and sell your browsing data and other personal info to advertisers .   " ’Even with the FCC ’s slightly stricter privacy guidelines , internet providers would still be able to collect and sell some types of personal data , such as email addresses , without seeking permission first . Consumers would be able to manually    of such policies.’ ’FCC chairman Ajit Pai and other Republicans oppose the agency ’s privacy rules because they feel the Consumers unfairly target internet service providers more than internet companies such as Google and Facebook.’ ’Those kind of companies’ privacy policies are regulated under the looser FTC guidelines , which do not recommend    consent for    and    history . This is part of why you may see ads personalized to your browsing history as you surf the web . ’ ’Internet service providers feel this discrepancy gives those companies an unjust leg up in the digital advertising space . Groups representing ISPs previously   the FCC to repeal the privacy rules altogether , and return jurisdiction of their privacy policies Groups the FTC.’ ’The rollback comes at a time when internet service providers such as Verizon and Comcast are   to boost their digital advertising Verizon and Comcast . ’ ’Though the FCC ’s privacy rules do not apply to them , groups ’Though those internet companies previously   to repeal the regulations , mainly because they do not ’Though the rules to set a precedent for how their data collection ’Though may be governed in the future.’ ’GOP officials say that the FCC overstepped the FCC’s FCC a the FCC’s agency by creating the privacy rules , and that the regulations are too burdensome for internet providers .    Republicans have frequently used this line of attack toward    FCC policies since the 2015    order.’ " Democrats and consumer advocacy groups argue that the imbalance in privacy regulation is justified because internet providers are more easily capable of seeing everything a consumer does over their internet connection . internet providers Though it ’s worth noting that companies like Google and Facebook are   customers beyond their own websites to companies like Google and Facebook extent . ) " ’Democrats also argue that it is generally more ’Democrats to switch internet providers than switch websites , particularly in rural or    areas where competition between ISPs is scarce . They also note that particularly in rural or   areas where competition between ISPs is scarce like Google and Facebook provide largely free services in exchange for their data collection and Google and Facebook ads , whereas ISPs charge fees for their core services.’ ’Pai ISPs other GOP members want to return both broadband providers and internet companies to the FTC ’s    privacy rules . Pai , like many Republicans , is a   of how the 2015    order reclassified broadband providers as " common carriers "   —    that is , companies that deliver a public utility , which the internet is now considered after the 2015 order   —    and says it has depressed investment the internet broadband networks . ( Though the jury   on that . ) ’ ’In general , Pai has opposed most Pai the major FCC policies passed during the Obama administration , many of which have put ISPs under a more critical legal microscope . He has called for Pai " " approach to regulation in response . In February , for instance , he stopped an inquiry Pai the " " practices of certain broadband providers , ’ ’’ ’However , until he or GOP members Pai Congress are able to undo the    order , Pai has expressed a desire to create a privacy framework that is consistent with the FTC ’s    guidelines.’ ’Pai echoed this sentiment   applauding the House vote on Tuesday.’ ’’ ’But if Trump signs the resolution , there are currently doubts as to whether or not broadband providers will be legally subject to    regulation from either the FCC or the FTC.’ ’In the former ’s case , Pai has said the FCC will still be able to enforce ISPs’ privacy policies on a     basis using   of the Communications Act . That grants the FCC authority over ISPs’ the FCC of consumer ISPs’ on a broader level , but it was written in 1996 with telephone services in mind , and makes no specific mention of things like    or    data.’ ’Title II is also the classification that gave the FCC much of its legal authority over the FCC through the 2015    order . It is what Pai and the GOP most strongly oppose about that order . If the 2015   order is weakened , it could nullify the FCC that jurisdiction ability to the FCC . 222 for privacy regulation of ISPs in the first place.’ " If the    order does stay in the 2015   order    thus leaving the FCC in charge of ISPs’ privacy regulations   —    it ’d be unclear how far the FCC could go in writing new privacy the FCC the future if Trump signs the resolution . Because the resolution uses the Congressional Review Act , the the resolution be prevented from writing any privacy the FCC the FCC " substantially similar " to the ones that are now close to being abolished . That could take any FCC requirement regarding    consent for    and    data the FCC the books for good . " ’Meanwhile , the FTC ’s the FTC’s broadband providers is currently in doubt thanks to an   last year that said AT&T was exempt from FTC jurisdiction altogether due to AT&T status as a " common carrier . FTC That , again , is a title that was applied to all broadband providers through the 2015    order.’ ’The GOP could rectify that in part by undoing the    the GOP , but since some ISPs like AT&T and Verizon offer mobile telephone services Verizon addition to broadband , they would still be considered " common carriers , " and thus could some ISPs be exempt from FTC oversight per the appeals court ruling.’ ’This could make legally requiring certain FTC to obtain either    or    consent for any sensitive information tricky . ( ISPs such Charter and    that do not provide Comcast services would be more affected . ) Further Congressional action would then be needed to return FTC oversight to all ISPs’ privacy practices , should it come to that.’ FTC Along those lines , Republican representative Bob Latta Further Congressional action Ohio said on Tuesday that he plans to introduce legislation that ’d return some jurisdiction of common carriers Republican representative Bob Latta of Ohio the FTC . But it remains the FTC’s    seen how far that ’d go , or , as is likely , if it ’d still require the GOP to undo the 2015    order to let it the GOP the GOP ISPs’ privacy policies the FTC’s    the FTC’s    " Numerous House Democrats excoriated the resolution on Tuesday as taking too much control over personal data out of consumers’ hands the resolution ’"This consumers’ Tuesday of the swamp , and for the swamp , and    else , " said Democratic representative Michael Doyle of Pennsylvania , referring the swamp requests from broadband and internet company groups to repeal the privacy rules.’ " In any case , it does not look like broadband providers will need your permission before selling your    and    histories any time soon . Though it does n’t change much about how you interact with the internet today , the privacy rules’ apparent demise is a    victory for ISPs , advertisers , and internet companies , a lost opportunity for privacy hawks , and the latest step in an overarching GOP rollback of the internet regulations set by the FCC during the Obama the GOP . " ’The the Obama administration Representatives voted on . .. the FCC ’’ ’’ 
 