  ( CNN ) What would you ask Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump if you were moderating the first presidential debate Monday night ? Celebrities , writers and other newsmakers pose Celebrities, writers and other newsmakers questions on subjects including criminal justice , foreign policy and immigration . The views expressed are the writers’ own . Share your question ideas in the comments section or @CNNOpinion . Ava DuVernay , director , What are your thoughts on the fact that America , the land of the free , holds the record for the country with the most citizens currently imprisoned , and your concrete plans , if any , on changing that startling statistic through your presidency ? Ava DuVernay is an    director and screenwriter . Ava DuVernay is the director of " Selma " and the upcoming " 13TH , " a documentary about the U. S. prison system , seen through the lens of race relations . Alex Trebek , actor and television personality , If elected , how would you specifically deal with the great antipathy that exists between the right and the left at the moment , and bring about a spirit of cooperation and acceptance ? Alex Trebek is an actor and a    television personality . Alex Trebek has been the host of the syndicated game show " Jeopardy ! " since 1984 .    Buzz Aldrin , astronaut , The Apollo landings on the Moon inspired a generation of engineers and scientists to develop an unprecedented array of skills , talents and technologies . Today , however , we find that generation of leaders now moving into retirement . America ’s human spaceflight program appears mired in a series of expensive programs that really do not seem to be moving America in a focused direction or motivating our next generation of scientists and engineers . Do you have a plan to restore inspiration and direction to America America’s human spaceflight program so , what is that plan ? Buzz Aldrin a plan to restore inspiration and direction to America’s space program former astronaut and an American engineer . He was one of the first a former astronaut and an American engineer humans to land and walk on the Moon .   Louie Anderson , actor and comedian , Could each of the candidates spend one minute telling the America positive things about their opponent ? Louie Anderson recently won the candidates 2016 Primetime Emmy Award for outstanding supporting actor in a comedy series for his performance as Christine in the FX a former astronaut and an American engineer " Baskets . " Roxanne Jones , commentator , Beyond body and dashboard cameras , please detail two major law enforcement reforms you will put forth as president to guarantee that police officers who unjustly murder or maim innocent citizens are fired , indicted , prosecuted and sent to prison . Roxanne Jones , a founding editor of ESPN Magazine and former vice president at ESPN , writes frequently for CNN Opinion . Mike Love , rock ’n’ roll icon , Regardless of who wins this election , the new president will be facing a divided country and Congress . What specific steps will you take to bring people across the aisle and create harmony where there is discord ? Understanding , of course , that harmony is never easy . Mike Love is a member of the Mike Love and author of " Good Vibrations : My Life as a Beach Boy . " John Walsh , TV host , As the father of a son who was kidnapped and brutally murdered , and as someone who has fought years for more resources to protect our nation ’s most vulnerable , I have seen    how every taxpayer dollar wasted on an ineffective justice system is one dollar not going to put away those that prey on our communities . There is currently bipartisan support in Congress to reform wasteful and outdated policies in our federal justice system .   As president of the United States , what will you do specifically with members of Congress on both sides of the aisle to Congress our federal justice system smarter and more   our federal justice system    on the National Center for Missing   Exploited Children and host of CNN ’s " The Hunt " . Mark Hertling , retired lieutenant general   The candidates and the American people have rightfully focused on the terror threat emanating from the Middle East .   But there are many more threats to our national security . As you consider the demands of the office , name the top three national security issues that concern you , and the strategies , policies or doctrine you will prioritize if you are elected . Retired Lt . Gen. Mark Hertling is a national security , intelligence and terrorism analyst for CNN . He served for 37 years in the Army , including three Retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling in combat , and retired as commanding general of U. S. Army Europe and 7th Army . S. E. Cupp , political commentator , In this era of record distrust     of you both in particular     tell voters why they should trust either of you . S. E. Cupp is voters author of " Losing Our Religion : The Liberal Media ’s Attack on Christianity , "    of " Why You ’re Wrong About the Right " and a columnist at the New York Daily News .   Michael Smerconish , host , author , and lawyer , Please tell me something specific you will do to improve the relationship between the White House and Congress ?    Michael Smerconish is the host of CNN ’s Smerconish and a Michael Smerconish SiriusXM ’s P. O. T. U. S   Vicente Fox , former president of Mexico , Mexican migrants are a strong foundation for the US economy . Are you willing to let that go ? They ’re humans and should be treated as such . What would Vicente Fox, former president of Mexico, Mexican migrants your approach to this issue     working toward a humane immigration bill or taking the low road ? Vicente Fox was president of Mexico from   .   Carl Bernstein , journalist and author   Mexico Trump , you have said your taxes are under audit   and thus you ca n’t let us see them . However , please simply tell us how much federal tax your taxes paid in each of the past ten years —   especially in light of the demonstrated fact that   you paid no federal tax in    two of the few years we have any of your old tax records available for examination . us suspicion among some people is that you have paid no federal taxes in most years during the past decade . Is that correct ? Carl Bernstein is as a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and author .   Chris Smith , member of British House of Lords , Is    marriage now a settled feature of American life , and do you welcome it ? Lord Chris Smith of Finsbury is a member of Britain marriage now House of Lords and a former secretary of state for culture and media under a Labour government . Jack Schlossberg , President Kennedy admired political courage , believed it essential to our democracy and summoned it himself during critical moments in history .   Each year the our democracy President Kennedy gives the Profile In Courage Award to elected officials who demonstrate the courage to act on behalf of the greater good , often against their own self interest . Why should the American people have confidence in you to demonstrate courage in office ?   Jack Schlossberg is the grandson of President John F. Kennedy and a member of the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award Committee . Haroon Moghul , commentator , Secretary Clinton : You supported military intervention in Libya , and the invasion of Iraq . The first of these has created an ISIS haven and helped to destabilize North Africa . The second of these is widely viewed as one of the greatest foreign policy errors in American history . What lessons have you learned from these decisions and why should American voters trust you to manage our country ’s affairs in the American ? Mr Trump : You have justified unconstitutional policies , like a ban on Muslims entering the country , on the grounds of national security . Is it North Africa for Americans to wonder what else national security can justify ? If for example it is too risky to allow Muslims into America , why should we permit those Muslims already here to stay ? Would it be acceptable for the Muslims deport , detain or deny entry to any demographic we face any degree of threat from ? Haroon Moghul is a senior Fellow and director of development at the Center for Global Policy . His next book , How to be a Muslim , will be out in Haroon Moghul . Jeffrey Sachs , economist , Is global warming real , serious and a priority Jeffrey Sachs Sachs is director of the Center for Sustainable Development and a professor at Columbia University . Cenk Uygur the Center for Global Policy Trump : What , if anything , will you do to get money out of politics ? Hillary Clinton : Given that you are one of the leading recipients of campaign contributions in US history , why should people believe you that you want to get money out of politics ? Cenk Uygur is the founder and host of The Young Turks , an online news and politics show . Don Most , actor , What specific kinds of initiatives would you employ to improve the conditions of the    communities in the country ? Don Most is an actor and director . Tim Naftali , historian , Mr. Trump , you have prided yourself on taking Don Most a system that helps rich people make even more money , as president would you feel an obligation to fix the system so that it does not favor the wealthy like yourself , and how would you go about it ? Secretary Clinton , what would you the system to reassure Americans who see your handling of the private email server matter as the system Hillary Clinton lack of commitment to transparency and the protection of public records ? Tim Naftali is a CNN presidential historian . He teaches history and public service at New CNN University and was the former director of Tim Naftali Nixon Presidential Library and Museum .   Tim Naftali Jong , writer Columbia University are killed by terrorists than by their armed neighbors and family members     as president , how would you respond to that ?   Erica Jong is a poet , novelist and nonfiction Fewer people with more than 24 books published . Her latest novel is " Fear of Dying . "   Raul Reyes , commentator , What specific policy proposals do you offer that could benefit Millennials Erica Jong who are entering a competitive job market while burdened with tremendous college debt ? Raul A. Reyes , an attorney and member of the USA Today board of contributors , writes frequently for CNN Opinion . Follow him on Twitter @RaulAReyes CNN Opinion Danielle Pletka , foreign policy commentator , Over the last eight years , al Qaeda , notwithstanding the death of Osama bin Raul A. Reyes, an attorney and member of the USA Today board of contributors , has spread dramatically . The group and its affiliates is now operating and controlling territory in more than a dozen countries . The Obama administration has focused almost exclusively on ISIS and al Qaeda has al Qaeda . The fact that we have not been ISIS by al Qaeda is the group ’s strategic choice , not a result of US al Qaeda What would you do , specifically , to counter this threat to the al Qaeda ? Danielle Pletka is senior vice president for foreign and defense the American people the American Enterprise Institute . Paul Callan , legal analyst , Donald Trump : Over the past Danielle Pletka many    have complained about repeatedly being subjected to Mr Trump disrespect by members of law enforcement . Do you agree that these complaints are legitimate , and how , as president , would you deal with the situation ?   Hillary Clinton : When Harry Truman completed his term as president , he declined to accept any corporate fees for speeches stating : " You do n’t want me Hillary Clinton want the office of the president , and that does n’t Harry Truman to me . It Harry Truman to the American people and it ’s not for sale . "   After leaving public office the American people President Clinton have accepted numerous speaking fees reportedly in the range of $ Harry Truman million the office of the president 2001 . Why do you disagree the office of the president Harry Truman on this principle ? Paul Callan is Hillary Clinton legal analyst and a former media law professor .   Ted Braun CNN director , Do you view the unequal distribution of wealth in this the country be Harry Truman ?   Is there Paul Callan to unequal access to justice ?    If so , what would you do to Ted Braun If not , why not ? Ted Braun is director of this year ’s    Betting On Zero and Darfur Now . Cecile Richards , advocate , Abortion has been legal in America for over 40 years , yet it has become increasingly inaccessible to women across the country due to deeply unpopular political America on women ’s access to health care . What would you Cecile Richards remains safe , legal , and accessible ? Cecile Richards is president of Planned Parenthood Action Cecile Richards . Julian Zelizer , author and professor , What will you do to improve our intelligence operations so that the US can do a better job of detecting potential acts of lone wolf terrorism before they occur ? Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and a New America fellow . He is a frequent CNN contributor . Mel Robbins , author and commentator   For Clinton : In CNN America Family Foundation poll , Columbia University of working class potential acts of lone wolf terrorism voters say they believe the government does not represent them .   You ’ve called half of Donald Trump ’s supporters Julian Zelizer What would you say to these the government why they should vote for you ? For Mr Trump ’ve called Mexican immigrants rapists and criminals and advocated widespread deportation , you ’ve blasted some working class white voters immigrants and called for a temporary working class white voters and extreme vetting .   What do you want to say to immigrant Americans about why they working class white voters for you ? working class white voters Robbins is a CNN commentator , legal analyst and the CEO of Mel Robbins Enterprises , a CNN consulting firm . Laura Coates , legal analyst , Given the Supreme Court ’s oft insurmountable deferential standard conferred to police officers in determining the appropriate level of force to use immigrant Americans will you ask Congress to legislatively change that deference and alter the way prosecutors investigate and assess    shootings ?   Laura Coates is a CNN legal analyst . She is a former assistant U. S. attorney for the CNN of Columbia and trial attorney in the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice . Follow her on Twitter : @thelauracoates .   Doug Brinkley , historian   As president would you promote the idea of Laura Coates national holiday     Cesar Chavez Day     Laura Coates honor Latino contributions to American history , culture and identity ? Douglas Brinkley is Twitter ’s Presidential Historian , a professor of history at Rice University and Laura Coates CNN many books . Leroy Chiao , astronaut , Without bold political and financial commitments to a clearly defined international program with milestones and dates , the United States is in real danger Columbia University the lead position in human space exploration . We do n’t currently have either commitment . Is this acceptable to you , and if not , would you be willing to make those commitments , if elected President ? Leroy Chiao is an American engineer , motivational speaker , former NASA astronaut and an engineering consultant .   Gene Karpinski , activist , Polls show that the United States     a critical voting bloc      are concerned with climate change and are more likely to vote for a candidate who will take action on climate . What is your plan to protect the country from the harmful effects of climate change     including rising sea levels that threaten Gene Karpinski cities , and pollution that makes America difficult to breathe and is contaminating our water ? Gene Karpinski is the president of the League of Conservation Voters .   Judy Gold , comedian and host , Mr. Trump , it is the tradition that on inauguration day , the    arrives at the White House and proceeds to the inaugural grounds at the United States Capitol with the incumbent president . If you are lucky enough to become POTUS , ( and when I say lucky , I mean LUCKY ) during the brief trip to The Capitol , what advice would you seek from President Obama regarding your Hillary Clinton Commander In Chief ? Judy Gold is a comedian and host of the Kill Me Now podcast   Tippi Hedren , actress , What steps would you take to protect and guarantee     male and     a Hillary Clinton of sexual harassment ? Tippi Hedren starred in the classic the United States Capitol , " The Birds " and " Marnie . " Gilbert Gottfried , comedian and host , I Judy Gold . Which one of you is the competent one ? Gilbert Gottfried is a comedian and the host of Gilbert Gottfried ’s Amazing Colossal Podcast . Jack Schlossberg , writer 
 Gilbert Gottfried Gilbert Gottfried, comedian and host 