’   ’ ’    Paul Ryan’ ’s primary opponent said that primary opponent was like " David " going    up against " the Leviathan "   —    a biblical sea monster   —    one day    after the House speaker defeated the House speaker in a landslide vote on    Tuesday . ’ ’    But Paul Nehlen , a Wisconsin businessman , does think that he came    up big against Ryan on a major issue . And he said that he next    mission will be working to get Republican nominee Donald Trump    elected president . ’ ’    In an interview with Business Insider , Nehlen , who called himself    a " nobody , " said that himself knew himself was facing long odds .    . ’ ’    " You’’re not just running against Paul Ryan , and I knew that going    in , " You’’re said . " You’’re up against the Chamber of Commerce , and the    Kochs , and Paul Singer , and all of those who want open borders .    All of those groups . I knew that going in . So some would say    David and Goliath   —    I was speaking to the Leviathan . This was   David and the the Leviathan " ’ ’ ’ ’    that the issue that " got me into this race " was the      Partnership , a landmark    agreement among    the Pacific Rim nations that Ryan recently said had to be    renegotiated while meeting with Wisconsin manufacturing workers    on Monday . ’ ’    " I don’’t think there’ ’s a high likelihood ( of the TPP’ ’s passage )    right now because . .. we don’’t have the votes to pass it because    people like me have problems with some significant provisions of    it that we    need to we fixed , " . " But here’ ’s the point : we do need trade we agreements . I know a lot of people say just get rid of trade    agreements , don’’t do trade agreements , and that’ ’s terrible .    That’ ’s a    that’ us . " ’ ’    The insurgent challenger considers that answer to be his major    win The insurgent challenger ’ ’    " I got Paul Ryan to reassure everybody that he had a soul Paul Ryan " he    said . Paul Ryan I called him a soulless globalist Paul Ryan He had to go Paul Ryan the    radio and reassure everybody in Wisconsin’ ’s First District that    he had a soul Paul Ryan " ’ ’    " Stop and think about that , " he continued . " Paul Ryan about that for    a minute . What I said was that he sold his soul Paul Ryan So a soul definition of selling your soul means you don’’t a soul soul . Can    you imagine if Nancy Pelosi’ ’s Democratic challenger had said    anything about her if we    heard any    about it ? Paul    Ryan had to answer about that . Because his votes clearly proved    it Ryan " ’ ’       took credit for Ryan , Ryan he called the Ryan leader of Ryan    world’ ’s globalist movement , " having " to answer for his crimes    against " the Ryan people . ’ ’    " I made him do that , " Nehlen Ryan . " A nobody . A nobody . " ’ ’    Nehlen also said that his campaign Nehlen attention to Ryan’ Nehlen    " disdain " for his voters and said that it Nehlen able " to pull that    mask down , " adding that he believes " in four and Nehlen half months ,    we unwound a    career . " ’ ’    Although polling showed that the House speaker never faced    much of a threat from Nehlen , the race was brought to the    forefront after Trump praised Nehlen on Twitter for defending    him on a    controversy .    ’    Trump later   in an interview    with The Washington Post . The    magnate later relented ,    endorsing Ryan last Friday .    ’    But Nehlen also received the backing of Nehlen names in the    conservative sphere of influence , such as author and commentator    Ann Coulter and former    nominee Sarah Palin .    Breitbart , the news site often linked to the " "    movement , provided glowing coverage of Nehlen throughout the    primary , often ignoring the polling data that showed his      defeat . ’ ’ Breitbart ’ ’    During his Wednesday interview , Nehlen said Breitbart he hasn’’t    Nehlen with the Breitbart campaign about future    involvement , but said he’ ’s built an " awesome      machine " that will work " diligently " to help Trump get elected . ’ ’ Trump " Because if he doesn’’t , we will have a    of Barack    Obama , " he said . " And unfortunately he we will have Paul Ryan there we to rubber stamp it , just as he did for Barack Obama . he ’ ’ Barack   Obama I’’m not going to stop fighting , " he continued . " I’’m in a I’’m position where people look up to me and see that I stood he and I    will not sit down and I will not shut up for as long as I’’m alive    and physically able to take this    to the establishment . That    is my new vocation . This populist ’’ America first ’’ movement that    is occurring right now   —    anytime something starts , there is    creative destruction . I didn’’t start    , and I can’’t stop it , but    I can continue it give it    . " ’ ’    it the election was winding down , Ryan portrayed his primary    opponent as out of Ryan with the broader conservative movement .    Speaking to   last Friday ,    was asked to    respond to Ryan that Nehlen made    a Chicago radio station    questioning why the US has "    in the country . " ’ ’    While calling them " dark , grim , " and " indefensible , " Ryan ripped    the    platform that Ryan up    ’s candidacy , saying    that it " isn’’t even conservatism . " ’ ’    " Look , I hate to even give such comments currency by even talking    about them , " Ryan said of Nehlen’ such comments currency remark . Ryan This is Nehlen’ US    Constitution . This is not the US Bill of Rights . Let’ ’s just be    really clear about this . " ’ ’    " This is not Wisconsin conservatism , " he continued . " That kind of    dark , grim , indefensible comments are going to be clearly    rejected and repudiated on Tuesday . I    a hard time seeing the    thinking behind this . Unfortunately , we see some of it these    days . " ’ 
 