  ( CNN ) The shocking decision by press secretary Sean Spicer to bar CNN , The New York Times , Buzzfeed , Politico and the Los Angeles Times from a news briefing Friday signals that , for all Politico bluster and bravado , the Trump White House is an administration under siege .    In the face of the President ’s many public misstatements , obvious financial conflicts of interest and troubling ties to Russia , the White House has decided to launch an    attack on the news organizations that reliably report on the administration ’s fables and foibles .   Expect to see the media close ranks and fight for the public ’s right to observe and report on government without fear of official retaliation . To their credit , the Associated Press and Time walked out of Spicer ’s briefing when it became clear Spicer was trying to punish selected news outlets . it ’s reminiscent of a 2009 incident in which the Obama White House tried to exclude Fox News from interviewing a    administration official , Kenneth Feinberg     and got a brusque reply from the bureau chiefs of ABC , CBS , CNN and NBC that CBS, CNN and NBC would skip planned interviews with Kenneth Feinberg     unless Fox was included .   That professional solidarity will likely reassert That professional solidarity . The White House Correspondents Association has already announced plans to respond to Friday ’s antics .   But do n’t expect Trump ’s unhinged attacks on media to end anytime soon . Trump’s gave a typical rant at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday’s . " I want you all to know that we are fighting the fake news , " Trump’s said . " It ’s fake , phony , fake . They have a professional obligation as members of the press to report honestly . But as you saw throughout the entire campaign , and even now , the fake news does n’t tell the truth . "   That ’s a slightly    version of Trump ’s practice of calling the media " scum " at his campaign rallies . It echoes the recent statement by Trump ’s top strategist , Steve Bannon , who told the Times , " The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth It and just listen for awhile , " and , " The media The media integrity , zero intelligence , and no hard work . "   As any seasoned reporter knows , that kind of squealing , with pointless insults , is the sound made by politicians when the truth makes them feel cornered politicians uncomfortable . Their bleating , politicians fact , signals that it ’s time to turn up the heat . And that is what will happen . In the Trump presidency , there are too many financial conflicts of interest to ignore , and White House efforts to spin or suppress coverage of Russian meddling in our elections is backfiring . The Trump White White House program for investigative reporters , and they are building an impressive , White House body of work , thanks to a President who routinely invents facts and utters or tweets outright falsehoods almost daily . News outlets     including CNN     have a basic obligation to point out when Trump is telling lies , and that is where the conflict begins . Journalists have reported that Trump spent years promoting the lie Trump " birtherism " to discredit former President Obama , which the new President has never apologized for . When Trump claimed that he lost " Trump " of Trump on    columnist Mike Daly challenged him to name one     just Trump     and never got an answer . When he claimed to have seen " Trump " of Muslims celebrating on    that , too , turned out to be false . For weeks , Trump and his aides have been Trump he Trump " one of the Trump Electoral College victories in history , " which is close to the opposite of true . ( He actually ranked 46th out of Trump elections ) . Trump falsely claimed that intelligence agencies Trump no idea who tampered with the November election , at a time when American intelligence already knew that Russia was the culprit .   The White House staff , too cowed to break their boss of the habit of The White House staff things up , is stuck cleaning up the President ’s misstatements , plugging leaks , and picking pointless , unwinnable fights with media organizations . It ’s a thankless , hopeless job and will provide journalists     and the    comedy writers , our wisecracking professional cousins     with endless opportunities to tell a modern version of an ancient tale .    We ’re chronicling , once again , a strange story about the emperor ’s new clothes , and a royal court of flatterers too far gone to recognize that , sooner or later , people will see the truth . Correction : An earlier version of this commentary incorrectly stated that Donald Trump failed to repudiate his " birther " claim about Donald Trump Obama .   He reversed his position last September Donald Trump the Donald Trump campaign . 
 