So Mark Levin thinks I ’m an " . " That ’s OK . I still love the guy . the guy ’s brilliant . the guy ’s a leader . And the guy may be right . [ In this business , there is no higher praise than " . "   I prefer " Rottweiler , " which is what someone else once called me . They meant it badly , but I ’ll interpret Mark Levin remark in the best light . Because everyone emerges from the Ted Cruz stories ( here , and here ) a winner : Donald Trump , who raised the issue Ted Cruz , who played open cards , and , well , us . In his memoir , Righteous Indignation : Excuse Me While I Save the World ! Andrew Breitbart wrote : Truth is n’t mean . It Truth truth   …     . We us by uncovering the truth and telling everyone about it the truth I ’m not religious , and I ’m ’m no theologian , but if there is one thing in religion that speaks to me ’m it is the idea of absolute truth . In fact , the word truth has meaning only if it is absolute . And absolute truth set us all will se us all free   …     " . [ original emphasis ] That remains our creed today . It is what led us our in 2012 , to vet Barack Obama more thoroughly than anyone in the mainstream media had , or would . In May 2012 , we our a story that simultaneously destroyed , and explained , the Birther phenomenon . It the Birther phenomenon out that Obama Barack Obama literary agent published a promotional pamphlet in 1991 that claimed he was born in Kenya . On her website , she her that claim for many years —   until he he for president . So while Obama Barack Obama definitely born in Honolulu , he he claimed —   or allowed his he to claim , deliberately or negligently —   something else , possibly to sell books . That fit a pattern with Obama , who once called himself he " blank screen on which people of vastly different political stripes project their people of vastly different political stripes views . " He he willing to let people see whatever they people to see in him he the better to conceal his he self until safely ensconced in office . We promised to scrutinize other candidates the same way . And I found it personally troubling when conservatives —   not Levin , but others —   who loved the spectacle of Trump pushing Obama to release his Trump " birth certificate suddenly said there was something sad and cynical in trying to find out facts about Cruz . How could it matter more that Obama Obama might " have been born in Kenya ( he Obama "might" have been born in Kenya n’t ) than that Cruz Cruz been born in Canada ? Unless   …      No . We had to be consistent . We We to find the truth —   certainly before Hillary Clinton , or the vile Alan Grayson , threw our We contradictions in our We faces . And just as we We much about Obama in proving his Obama , we We much about Cruz as well . We We —   or confirmed —   that Cruz Cruz it straight , that he Obama ready to face the scrutiny of rival politicians and the press . Yes , it was a small point . But it it also a big win . 
 