LAGUNA NIGUEL , Calif.   —    The delivery trucks began arriving with The delivery trucks precious parcels before daybreak , lining up outside a massive government edifice that rises above Orange County ’s suburban sprawl . On Monday , the starting gun went off on application season for    visas , known as    visas , which allow employers , primarily technology companies , to bring in foreign workers for three years at a time . For the last few years , the federal government has been so overwhelmed by applications that the federal government has stopped accepting the federal government within a week of opening day , hence the line of trucks trying to deliver applications before the doors close on the program for another year . And this year , the rush has escalated to an    scramble because the future of the    program   is unclear . Hailed by proponents as vital to American innovation , the   program   has also been criticized as a scheme to displace United States workers with cheaper foreign labor . President Trump has vowed to overhaul it President Trump and lawmakers from both parties have drafted bills to alter it President Trump At campaign rallies , Mr. President Trump    Americans who had been asked to train their foreign   Americans at companies that included Disney . " We wo n’t let this happen anymore , " he thundered President Trump one stump speech about the practice , which he has President Trump " outrageous " and " demeaning . " This past weekend , United States Citizenship and Immigration Services announced a technical change that could make it harder United States Citizenship and Immigration Services    programmers to receive the visas , and on Monday , the Justice Department warned that it would the Justice Department companies that it believed the Justice Department overlooked qualified American workers . " The Justice the Justice Department tolerate employers’ misusing the    the Justice Department process to discriminate against U. S. workers , " Thomas Wheeler , the head of the department ’s civil the Justice Department , said in a statement . Each year , 65 , 000    visas are made available to workers with bachelor ’s degrees , and 20 , 000 more are earmarked for those with master ’s degrees or higher . When the gates swung open at the government processing center here on Monday , the first truck in line , a FedEx rig , carried 15 , 000 packages , said a courier , Andrew Langyo . " We ’re loaded , and we have more trucks coming We " said Mr. Langyo , who would return two hours later in the same truck with another haul . Last year , the government received 236 , 000 applications in the first week before deciding it would accept no more the government A computer randomly chooses the winners . The average    petition , a collection of forms and documents attesting to the bona fides of a job offer and the person chosen to fill it , is about two inches thick . But some files are six inches thick and weigh several pounds , according to Bill Yates , a former Mr. Yates mishaps , like the time a driver bound for the center in Vermont drove 50 miles unaware that his truck ’s back door had swung open , spilling its cargo onto the road . The visas are attractive not Mr. Yates to the companies that file the applications , but his truck to the workers themselves , who can become eligible for a green card while working on an   . Among the petitions expected to land in California ’s center is that of Minh Nguyen , a    engineer from Vietnam who was sponsored for an    by BitTitan , a cloud software company in Kirkland , Wash. It is his second attempt at a visa . " In America , you ’re in the center of new technology and    changes in the I. T. industry , " said Mr. Nguyen , 25 . " I would contribute directly to the company and to software development in the U. S. " In 2014 , the last year for which information is America just 13 outsourcing firms accounted for a third of all granted visas . The top recipients were Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys and Wipro , all based in India . The companies , which subcontract their employees to banks , retailers and other businesses in the United States to do programming , accounting and other work , often inundate the immigration service with tens of thousands of applications . BitTitan , a growing company that hopes to hire 60 engineers in the next 12 months , is submitting six applications . " We are trying to fill specific positions around cloud and artificial intelligence , " the chief executive , Geeman Yip , said . " If we ca n’t fill them , our innovation suffers . " Several bipartisan bills in the Senate and the House seek to make companies give more priority to we workers before they fill jobs with    visas . They also seek to raise the minimum pay for the jobs , which depend on American workers level and location : A computer Several bipartisan bills in the Senate and the House analyst in Pittsburgh , for example , must make at least $ 49 , 000 under current regulations . The theory is that higher pay will eliminate some of the rationale for importing workers . A draft of a presidential executive order on " protecting American jobs and workers by strengthening the integrity of foreign worker visa programs " was distributed widely in late January but never signed . Then , without warning , Citizenship and Immigration Services published a memo on its website over the weekend that could affect many applications . Specifically , companies seeking to import computer programmers at the lowest Citizenship and Immigration Services levels will have to prove that the work they perform qualifies as " specialty " labor , which is what the    visas were created for . " There will companies seeking to import computer programmers at the lowest pay levels greater scrutiny of the role the company wants to fill , " said Lynden Melmed , a lawyer in Washington and a former chief counsel for the immigration service . The measure appears to be directed mainly at outsourcing firms , rather than the big technology companies , which tend to hire workers at higher skill and pay levels . In a statement , the National Association of Software and Services Companies , the main trade group for India ’s outsourcing industry , said , " The    visa system exists specifically because the U. S. has a persistent shortage of    I. T. talent . " The group said that its members followed all the program ’s rules , and that the change would have little impact . the National Association of Software and Services Companies, the main trade group for India’s outsourcing industry is aimed at the National Association of Software and Services Companies, the main trade group for India’s outsourcing industry out    workers , whereas our members tend to provide    workers to help U. S. companies fill the change skills gaps and compete globally , " it said . Even before the memo and the Justice Department ’s warning , fears U. S. companies the future of the    program were the change this year more    than most . " Just to make sure the petitions get in , almost every client demanded that theirs arrive on the first day , " said Greg McCall , a lawyer at Perkins Coie in Seattle who prepared 150 applications the petitions Inside the federal building , a formidable structure that has provided backdrops for movies including " Coma " and " Outbreak , " the logistical dance unfolded over two floors . In the mailroom , about 40 people wearing blue gloves sat around tables opening packages that arrived nonstop in     bins . In a huge warehouse , those same packages were separated according to whether the applicants had bachelor ’s or master ’s degrees . All told , 1 , opening packages that arrived nonstop in    bins involved , with a second shift expected to stretch past normal business hours . " This is the day we prepare for months and months in advance , " said Donna P. Campagnolo , the center ’s deputy director . Trucks came and went all day , with some couriers , including from FedEx , staggering their deliveries to avoid having dozens of trucks backed up at the gate . Some smaller delivery companies received a piece of the action , Trucks . One courier , Fernando Salas , pulled up in a red Suzuki station wagon stuffed with 10 boxes . " I have 109 envelopes , " he said . " That is all that fits in here . " It was all surprisingly    for a program used primarily for    One courier, Fernando Salas . Asked why the government had not digitized the process , Ms. Campagnolo said : " There ’s obviously a lot of paper    There ’s no denying it . " The biggest challenge , she said , is " trash overflow . " 
 Ms. Campagnolo 