’’ " The Republican establishment is falling in line behind Marco Rubio after Jeb Bush ’s   from the presidential race . " " On Monday , Marco Rubio ’s campaign sent out at least seven emails detailing new endorsements the candidate has picked up following Bush ’s exit after Saturday ’s South Carolina primary . " ’Those endorsements included several congressmen , Sens . Thom Tillis and Jeff Flake , and Tim Pawlenty , the former Minnesota governor who ran for president in 2012.’ " One of the biggest endorsements came on Monday afternoon , when Bob Dole also threw Bob Dole support behind Rubio . Bob Dole is a former Senate majority leader and won the Republican Party ’s presidential nomination in 1996 . " ’"He worked for my ’’ 96 campaign in Dade County , Florida , and so I’’ve had an acquaintance with ’"He way back in ’’ 96 when ’"He was a hard worker , " Dole , who was a Bush supporter , .’ ’Dole also praised John Kasich , another candidate , but criticized Ted Cruz , a 2016 contender whom Dole has repeatedly attacked.’ ’"He wants to grow the party as opposed to Cruz , " Dole said of Rubio.’ " Not long after Dole ’s endorsement emerged , news broke that Orrin Hatch , the longtime Utah senator and president pro tempore of the Senate , also endorsed Rubio . Orrin Hatch, the longtime Utah senator and president pro tempore of the Senate, also endorsed Rubio was also a former supporter of Bush ’s White House bid : " ’’ ’Additional Rubio supporters , including Indiana Sen. Dan Coates and Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson , continued to roll in throughout the day.’ ’The recent flock of endorsements adds to an already impressive collection by Rubio . In South Carolina , he picked up the endorsement of Gov. Nikki Haley , Sen. Tim Scott , and Rep. Trey Gowdy . he was also endorsed by former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , former New York Gov. George Pataki , and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , all of whom were candidates for president earlier in the campaign.’ " There were   that Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee and a former Massachusetts governor , would be endorsing Rubio , but Rubio ’s campaign dismissed the reports as unfounded . " ’Rubio has yet to win a primary or caucus , but ’Rubio is   in South Carolina , where ’Rubio finished .’ ’Bush was considered the early favorite for the Republican nomination and gained plenty of establishment support and money for ’Bush bid . ’Bush was at the top of the polls before Trump   as a " " guy last summer.’ ’The Republican establishment is falling in line . .. ’ 
 