During Saturday ’s GOP Weekly Address , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump touted Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Contract with the American Voter , and said , " It ’s time to close the history books on the Clintons , and to open a bright new chapter focused on the great citizens of our country . "   Transcript as Follows : " For the past seventeen months I ’ve travelled across our country and met the amazing people of our our country Their hopes Transcript as Follows: "For the past seventeen months I’ve travelled across this nation and met the amazing people of our country become my hopes and their dreams Transcript as Follows: "For the past seventeen months I’ve travelled across this nation and met the amazing people of our country become my dreams . This is not just a campaign , it ’s This movement . It ’s This once in a lifetime chance to take our government back from the donors and the special interests , and return the power to you , the American people . Fifteen days ago , I proposed my Contract with the American Voter —   a 100 day action plan to bring real change to Washington . We need change so badly . If we win We November 8 , and elect a Republican House and Senate , we can We deliver the change the American people deserve . My Contract my Contract with the American Voter —   plan to create 25 million new jobs . We will cut We on the middle class Americans by 35 percent , and we will repeal We replace the total disaster known as ObamaCare   —    it does n’t work . We will also We fix our terrible trade We and stop the jobs from leaving our country . My Contract includes a pledge to end illegal immigration , and end it rapidly , My Contract federal funding for sanctuary cities , and suspend the admission of Syrian refugees into our country . our country coming in by the thousands , and Hillary Clinton wants to increase that by 600 percent . We will rebuild our badly depleted military We and take care of our great , great We . We will give every We in America the right to our country their kids to the every parent of their choice , including every parent of    African American and Hispanic children who have been failed , so long —   for generations in fact —   by the Democratic politicians like Hillary Clinton . They just have n’t the Democratic politicians like Hillary Clinton able to do the job . They ’ve treated African the Democratic politicians like Hillary Clinton and Hispanics horribly in so many ways . We will undertake a national effort to reduce crime and poverty , and bring jobs and safety to our inner cities —   finally , at last . We will restore the We and nominate Supreme Court Justices who will do the same . At the center of my Contract is my plan to end government corruption . Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States , and if she were to win Hillary Clinton would create a constitutional crisis like no other . She ’s under multiple Hillary Clinton investigations , has committed many crimes , including perjury , and she ’s now facing Hillary Clinton prospect of a federal indictment . It ’s time to close the history books on the Clintons , and to open a bright new chapter focused on the great citizens of our country . I America for your vote and your help in electing a Republican majority in Congress , so that we can finally change this broken system and Make America Great Again . And when I say great , I mean great for everyone . Thank you very much . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 