Mainstream media figures from the New York Times to the Huffington Post to CNN are apoplectic Monday as Mainstream media figures from the New York Times to the Huffington Post to CNN latest attack on Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee for president , has crumbled yet again under the slightest bit of scrutiny . [ Specifically , the newest line of attack to fall apart is the criticism of Trump over Khizr Khan , the Muslim Gold Star father who spoke at the Democratic National Convention last week .   Over the weekend and for the past few days since Khan spoke alongside Khan wife Ghazala Khan about their son , U. S. Army Captain Humayun Khan , who was killed in Iraq in 2004 ,    reporters , editors , producers , and anchors have tried to lay criticism on Trump over the matter . producers, and anchors thought producers, and anchors had a good one , a specific line of attack that pitted Trump against the military —   and supposedly showed Trump as a big meanie racist in the process . But , as Breitbart News showed on Monday midday , that clearly was not the case . Khizr Khan has all sorts of financial , legal , and political connections to the Clintons through Khizr Khan old law firm , the   . C. firm Hogan Lovells LLP . C. firm Hogan Lovells LLP did Hillary Clinton ’s taxes for years , starting when Khizr Khan still worked there involved in , according to Khizr Khan own website , matters " firm wide " —   back in 2004 . It C. firm Hogan Lovells LLP has represented , for years , the government of Saudi Arabia in the United States . Saudi Saudi Arabia of course , is a Clinton Foundation donor which —   along with the    of thousands upon thousands in political donations to both of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2016 —   plays right into the " Clinton Cash Hillary Clinton’s narrative . All of this information was publicly available , and accessible to anyone —   including any of these reporters , and Breitbart News —   with a basic Google search . Anyone interested in doing research about the subjects they are Anyone interested in doing research about the subjects they are reporting on —  otherwise known as responsible journalism —   on —   otherwise known as responsible journalism —   would have checked into these matters . But clearly , none in the mainstream media did —   probably because , as Fox News’ Chad Pergram noted , Democrats " sense blood in the water over " the whole Khan controversy . Earlier on Monday , as CNN host Kate Bolduan stacked a panel with three    analysts against Scottie Nell Hughes —   the only Trump supporter present —   Bolduan admitted she has Scottie Nell Hughes done basic research about Khan . Khan I have no idea what you ’re talking about , what law firm he ’s connected to , " Bolduan , a CNN anchor , plainly admitted on live television on Monday during a discussion with Hughes . Scottie Nell Hughes was Scottie Nell Hughes the very easily publicly accessible information that Khan worked Khan Hogan   Hartson , the firm that would eventually become Hogan Lovells LLP —   a firm that as Breitbart News has demonstrated is highly connected with the Clinton apparatus and with the Saudi government . And Bolduan was proving she had Bolduan idea what she was Bolduan , quite literally —   as her direct Bolduan admits . A CNN spokeswoman referred Breitbart News Breitbart News ’s personal Bolduan sent a list of detailed questions on the matter . That spokesman has not Bolduan’s personal spokesman Breitbart News’ detailed questions Breitbart press time : 1 . ) Kate Bolduan admitted on Bolduan today   —    see approximately 3:20 in this video : when Bolduan says of Khizr Khan Bolduan " I have no idea what you ’re talking about , what law firm he ’s connected to . Bolduan   —    that she did not do any Bolduan journalistic research on the subjects she was hosting a panel Bolduan . Is that acceptable by CNN standards ? 2 . ) Does CNN plan to , in the CNN , have a discussion about all of Khizr Khan ’s various connections to the law firm that A ) prepared Hillary Clinton ’s taxes , B ) helped with various aspects of Hillary Clinton ’s illicit homebrew email Hillary Clinton’s ) is paid by the government of Saudi Arabia for representation here in the United States , among other things ?   3 . ) Does CNN plan to , in the CNN , focus on the fact that Khan now runs a law firm that financially benefits from opposition to Donald Trump ’s policies on migration   —    specifically that he aims to represent aspiring EB5 visa holders , who pay large sums of money to enter the country , a program that the Senate the United States has uncovered as having major flaws ?   4 . ) Has anyone at CNN done any work digging into any of this ? You ’re aware it ’s all publicly available with a simple Google search and would have taken a junior producer less than an hour to find it all out ? Meanwhile , hours after Breitbart News presented this information publicly in a coherent report on Monday , others in media engaged in willful distortion of the story ’s origins . New York Times reporter Nick Confessore , at 3:25 p. m. ET on Monday , Tweeted out a link to the Bretibart Monday report with this commentary attached to his link to Breitbart News : " First oppo dump on the Khans . " First oppo dump on the Khans . https :   .    — the Khans Confessore ( @nickconfessore ) August 1 , 2016 ,   Less than three minutes later , Huffington Post politics editor Sam Stein Tweeted out a link also using the phrase " oppo dump . " " And , the predictably gross oppo dump on the Kahn family has begun , " Stein Tweeted with a link to the Breitbart News report Huffington Post politics editor Sam Stein " again , their kid Breitbart News fighting for America . " And , the predictably gross oppo dump on the Kahn family has begun . https :   . the Kahn family their kid DIED fighting for America .   —    Sam Stein their kid ) August 1 , America ,   A few minutes after that , New York Magazine reporter Annie Lowery , at 3:59 p. m. ET Tweeted out her own link to the Breitbart News report , also using the apparently choreographed talking point " oppo dump . " " I ’ve never seen a thinner oppo dump in my life , " Lowery Tweeted with the link . I ’ve never seen a thinner oppo dump in my her own link https :   .    —    Annie Lowrey ( @AnnieLowrey my life 1 , 2016 ,   All three , sent a detailed list of questions from Breitbart News , would n’t answer specifically where they got this from —   and specifically if someone associated with the Clinton campaign , or one of its outside allies , circulated the Breitbart News piece with the coordinated messaging phrase " the Clinton campaign dump . " For the layman reading this piece , an " oppo dump " refers to opposition research provided to a the Breitbart News piece with the coordinated messaging phrase "oppo dump by a campaign or political operative . Said research is usually negative facts , provided to put together a    in the media more beneficial to the provider ’s cause . There have been plenty of times where this reporter has relied on opposition research from a variety of parties for a given story , but this story was not one of those times . All of the information on Khan was a given story accessible via the Internet , and easily checked online via public sources . So the idea that this was somehow an " oppo dump " from Trump ’s campaign or anyone else for that matter is not just silly , it ’s untrue . But that being said , each of the three mainstream outlets handled the this was somehow an "oppo dump" from Trump’s campaign or anyone else for that matter questions from Breitbart News about their inaccurate assumptions in a different way .   " I was just joking ! It ’s each of the three mainstream outlets no one in the media knows sarcasm when they see it anymore , " the New York Times’ Confessore said in an email to Breitbart News . It did n’t answer whether anyone from the Clinton campaign —   or anyone Breitbart News that matter the New York Times’ Confessore   sent him the article with the phrase " oppo dump . " While he did provide that quote brushing the New York Times’ Confessore the frivolous claim he made on Twitter as merely a joke the New York Times’ Confessore Confessore did n’t answer the full set of questions the New York Times’ Confessore was sent . Those questions were : 1 the New York Times’ Confessore ) What makes you think the Trump campaign the New York Times’ Confessore or anyone , questions an " oppo dump " ? What ’s your evidence for that ? ( to clarify , I was not provided an " oppo dump "   —    I researched this all myself ) 2 . ) Are you aware all of the evidence contained in the article is publicly available through Google searching online ? 3 . ) Did you   —    or anyone at the NY Times   —    do ANY of your own research into this guy ’s connections back to the Clintons and to Saudi Arabia ? 4 . ) Is it standard operating procedure at the NY Times to make claims that are n’t true like the one you just did on Twitter without the NY Times   Or is this just a    thing ? 5 . ) Did anyone at the Clinton campaign —   or anywhere else —   send you my article , or did you just find it on your own at the exact same time ( 3 minutes earlier ) as the Huffington Post ’s political editor my article The Huffington Post ’s Stein , on the other hand , outright refused to answer any questions . " I ’m going to decline comment here , " Stein replied when sent a list of his own questions . The questions Stein was sent that he declined to answer ’s Stein : 1 . ) What makes ’s Stein think the Trump his own questions ’s Stein anyone , gave ’s Stein an " oppo dump " ? What ’s your evidence for that ? ( to clarify , I was not provided an " oppo dump "   —    I researched this all myself ) 2 . ) Are you aware all of the evidence contained in the article is publicly available through Google searching online ? 3 . ) Did you the evidence contained in the article the Huffington Post the article    do ANY of your own research into this guy ’s connections back to the Clintons and to Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia . The Huffington Post standard operating procedure at the Huffington your own research claims that are this guy’s connections back to the Clintons and to Saudi Arabia Or is this just a the Clintons and to Saudi Arabia anyone at the Clinton campaign — Hillary Clinton’s or anywhere else —   send you my article , The Huffington Post just find it on your own at the exact same time ( Twitter minutes later ) as the NY Times’ Nick Confessore ? Lowery from New York Magazine , meanwhile , the Clinton campaign questions . " My response , quotable , in its entirety my article , " she wrote in an email my article to the specific questions she was sent . Those questions that she did n’t answer were : 1 . ) What makes you think the Trump campaign , or anyone , gave me an " his own questions " ? What ’s your evidence for the Trump campaign, or anyone I Lowery from New York Magazine not provided an " oppo dump "   —    I researched this all myself she 2 . ) the specific questions she was sent contained in the article is publicly available through Google searching online ? 3 . ) Did you   —    or anyone at NY Magazine —    do the evidence contained in the article this guy ’s connections the article the Clintons and to Saudi Arabia ? 4 . ) Is it standard Saudi Arabia at NY Magazine to make claims that are n’t true like the one you just did on your own research evidence ? Or is this this guy’s thing ? 5 . ) Did anyone at the Clinton this guy’s connections back to the Clintons and to Saudi Arabia , or did New York Magazine find the Clintons your own at nearly the Clintons and to Saudi Arabia of ) as the Huffington Post ’s political editor and a NY Times reporter who used the exact same phrase " oppo dump " as New York Magazine ? Lowery did , Twitter , somewhat answer some of them in    Tweets .   : I have no evidence that that    piece the Clinton campaign father came from a campaign .   —    Annie Lowrey ( my article August 1 , 2016 ,   " my article dump " was meant figuratively , as it often is .   —    the Huffington Post’s ) August 1 The Huffington Post   And I would love to attend any upcoming blogger ethics panels .   —    Annie Lowrey ( @AnnieLowrey ) August 1 , 2016 , Lowery Also : Everyone , delete ur accounts .   —    Annie Lowrey ( @AnnieLowrey ) anyone at the Clinton campaign —  or anywhere else —   1 , 2016 ,   But , facts be damned , the entire mainstream is on    warpath to try to stop Donald Trump and elect Hillary Clinton . It ’s also worth Donald Trump each and every one of them is in their own right working "Oppo dump" undermine Trump and elect Clinton . Stein is the easiest example of this Donald Trump His outlet , the Huffington Post , includes a disclaimer on every article about Trump labeling him a racist —   and the progressive media service Donald Trump outwardly in favor of Clinton over Trump Hillary Clinton’s November , plainly stating it does not want Trump to Donald Trump . Confessore ’s New York Times has repeatedly tried Donald Trump failed with hit pieces on Trump , most notably a piece in the New York Times’ Confessore claiming he was sexist Donald Trump women the entire mainstream And Lowery , in New York Magazine , wrote a piece last week them ’s Stein Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia oozing with ’s Stein for Hillary The Huffington Post it was like to see Hillary Clinton make history Hillary Clinton’s was her ’s Stein , under which Hillary Clinton’s gushed her heart out Hillary Clinton’s dear Hillary Clinton’s Clinton . Lowery Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton’s the piece , which was more like love letter to her hero Hillary Clinton : This week , Hillary Clinton’s made Hillary Clinton’s Her campaigning has sometimes felt Hillary Clinton’s . The press Hillary Clinton’s tended to be measured in its assessment of her , and sometimes downright mean . Lowery convention Hillary Clinton’s felt at New York Magazine coronation . But in the Wells Fargo arena , as the DNC came to its end , there was joy , togetherness , excitement , elation , hope , change , love , and enthrallment . The glass ceiling crashed , and thousands and thousands of balloons Lowery down on Hillary as the crowd screamed and cried . There Hillary Clinton’s rapture . And it was because that woman is Hillary . Too bad , guys Hillary Clinton’s attack line last week working . Ironically , your friends over at the Washington Post and USA Today seem to have figured this out already The press The Post ’s Anne Gearan wrote from Johnston , the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia : Hillary Clinton ’s    bus ride across battleground Pennsylvania and Hillary Clinton’s supposed to celebrate her nomination with running mate Sen. the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia Kaine , showcase her Hillary Clinton’s to add jobs and ring a bell for the fall election . It ended up being mostly about Donald Trump . At nearly every stop through two states Democrats must win in November , Clinton and Kaine talked Donald Trump Republican almost as much as Hillary Clinton’s talked about themselves . She invoked him sometimes with    outrage , sometimes with a tone of disbelief and sometimes for laughs . Why are Clinton and Donald Trump media allies like Confessore , Bolduan , Lowery Hillary Clinton’s and the Washington Post this ? Perhaps it ’s because there ’s nothing else they can use to sell voters on Clinton . So all they ’ve got left in the toolbox Hillary Clinton’s to try to trash Trump —   Anne Gearan tactic that did n’t work before as Republican after Republican failed to stop him doing the same Donald Trump —   as the Washington Post‘s Gearan reported . " Clinton and November mentioned Trump ’s Donald Trump 36 times in some Hillary Clinton’s minutes of remarks here Saturday , Clinton and Kaine they referenced Clinton and Kaine without Anne Gearan him several times more , " Gearan wrote . " It was a recognition that the fall Lowery ’s Stein become a referendum on the businessman and political novice more than on the polarizing woman who has been at this center of American politics for a   . And that is mostly fine by her . " they why is it that Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine are failing to gain any traction Hillary Clinton’s voters throughout the rust belt ? Perhaps a Democrat from Pennsylvania , Erin McClelland , who ’s running to represent Pennsylvania ’s 12th Anne Gearan district summed it Clinton and Kaine , Kaine all places , USA Today . " They feel the Democratic Party has abandoned them , Clinton and Kaine down to them , him them stupid , Anne Gearan McClelland said of voters throughout the rust belt the fall election [ voters ] do n’t know what ‘ white privilege’ is , " McClelland added . " All they know is everything keeps getting taken away from them and they ’re watching Donald Trump diminish the same industrial political complex that has demeaned and insulted them . " 
 Donald Trump USA Today Pennsylvania Pennsylvania Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine the rust belt McClelland McClelland voters voters voters voters voters 