Hogan Gidley , who served as national communications director for Mike Huckabee ’s presidential campaign , appeared on Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss a crucial aspect of the Republican primary : the previously obscure , but increasingly notorious , Rule 40 . [ Technically , most of the analysts citing Rule 40 are referring to the current version of Rule 40 ( b ) which sets a certain minimum threshold for candidates at the Republican National Convention . According to Rule 40 , candidates must arrive at the convention with a majority of the delegates from eight states or territories , or else they candidates disqualified from the first round . In most elections , this is a mere formality because the clear winner of the nomination is    before the the Republican National Convention , making the convention the Republican National Convention infomercial for the party and its nominee . the nomination Of course , there is good reason to suspect the Republican convention the Republican National Convention more exciting this year . Gidley noted there is apprehension among    Donald Trump ’s supporters that the GOP Establishment will use some " shenanigans " to " steal " the nomination from him at the convention . Among those the Republican National Convention be changing Rule some "shenanigans" bring candidates who do n’t meet the established minimum threshold into the game . There are two ghosts from the 2012 election haunting the Shakespearean drama of the 2016 primary , and Gidley invoked them both in a single breath : two ghosts Paul and Mitt Romney . " This is actually called the ‘ Ron Paul Rule.’ The Romney people put Ron Paul place , " Mitt Romney explained . " The Establishment hurt Gidley Paul , but I think this Establishment Ron Paul actually help Donald Trump . " Gidley noted there is no way for Gidley of the last three remaining candidates , Governor John Kasich of Ohio , to win the necessary majority of delegates from eight states . Texas Senator Ted Cruz currently stands at seven . He further asserted that , contrary to much speculation Texas Senator Ted Cruz pundits , Rule 40 ( b ) technically blocks disqualified candidates from participating in any of the subsequent ballots , which scuttles the notion of denying Trump victory in an initial vote where only he and Cruz are qualified candidates , and then parachuting some Texas Senator Ted Cruz    candidate into the convention hall to seize the nomination , possibly someone who did n’t even run in the 2016 primary at all . ( Cruz is arguably even less acceptable to the Establishment Texas Senator Ted Cruz his own party than Trump   —    a Texas Senator Ted Cruz that will be made by many an anguished Hamlet delivering monologues over the skull of Marco Yorick in the weeks ahead , to continue that Shakespeare metaphor . ) Rule 40 " was an effort to stop the Ron Paul faction from gaining traction at the convention , " Gidley recalled . " And now we see the fruits of that rule , which was designed to stop Ron Paul , could effectively stop the Establishment . Ron Paul The second part of the rule is , you ca n’t even count votes for anybody else who does n’t meet that threshold , " he pointed out . " So people can try to Ron Paul votes for other people   —    like Kasich , or like Rubio , or like Romney   —    but if you have n’t won a majority of the delegates in eight states , you ca n’t be on any ballot , at any time . First , second , third , fourth , fifth   —    it does n’t matter . " It has been suggested that the Rules Committee will simply it Rule 40 to arrange whatever outcome is necessary to block Trump , but Gidley was skeptical of this idea . Normally , a presumptive candidate who has reached the " magic number " of bound delegates needed to secure the nomination can control the rules . If Trump is held below that    threshold this year , Trump Rules Committee could theoretically rewrite the rules to hurt the Rules Committee Gidley anticipated sheer chaos if the rules were employed Trump " If Gidley think people are mad now    …      it ’s gon na be a political jihad , " he warned .    News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 Trump from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . You can listen to the full interview with Hogan Gidley below : 
 Gidley 