A new poll shows Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) with a sizable lead in Utah ’s upcoming caucus vote . [ Sen. Ted Cruz ( has 53 percent support , followed distantly by Ohio Gov. John Kasich with 29 percent . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has just 11 percent support in the Beehive State .   While Sen. Ted Cruz ( has been favored to win the Utah Utah on Tuesday , crossing the 50 percent threshold in the poll is important for his Sen. Ted Cruz ( . If a candidate captures 50 percent support in the the Utah caucus the candidate wins all 40 of the state ’s delegates . If a candidate does n’t hit 50 percent , the delegates the state’s delegates to each candidate with at least 15 percent support . The Utah Utah is fascinating , because it reveals a The Utah poll electorate that is deeply frustrated with Washington but also repelled by the Trump candidacy . More than 80 percent of Utah Utah believe the national party is on the wrong track . However , a strong majority of Utah Utah , 64 percent , believe Donald Trump will Trump party weaker if the national party the nominee Trump Only 29 percent of Utah Utah say they Utah Republicans Trump in November Only 29 percent of Utah Republicans Trump is the nominee Trump Amazingly he is the nominee Republicans the nominee will write in another candidate . Smaller numbers say one quarter of Republicans will vote for a    candidate ( 15 percent Smaller numbers or vote for Democrats ( 7 percent ) . The only threat to Cruz in Utah , it seems , is Kasich . While Kasich ca n’t win Utah , he can potentially deny Kasich a majority of Utah caucus Kasich , forcing him Cruz split Utah ’s 40 delegates . Kasich has Kasich a fair Utah of time to campaigning Kasich Utah , revealing that his campaign is n’t simply about Utah Trump from amassing Kasich necessary delegates to win the nomination . Kasich is also trying to block Cruz from collecting more Kasich . Kasich has openly questioned whether Trump can win a presidential Kasich in November . He Trump also counting on the more questionable theory that Kasich is too conservative to win a general election . Cruz theory has led the Republican party , arguably , the more questionable theory that Cruz is too conservative to win a general election election losses in 2008 and 2012 . Cruz has countered the Kasich campaign aggressively . He is Cruz in the state Kasich Utah ’s Sen. Cruz Lee , who is very popular with the conservative voters that will likely dominate the caucus vote . Utah ’s favorite ( adopted ) son , Mitt Romney , Utah announced Friday that he would be voting for Cruz in Tuesday ’s caucus Cruz It will be a Cruz setback for Cruz if he is unable to capture all the delegates Cruz Utah Cruz Arizona is also voting on Tuesday , awarding all Utah its 58 delegates to the winner Tuesday’s the statewide vote . Arizona is sketchy in the state , but Trump is thought to be favored to Arizona ’s 58 delegates . It is unlikely either Cruz or Kasich Arizona in the state while each Cruz on the ballot . Were Trump to somehow Arizona states on Tuesday , it would be a serious Trump to his efforts to secure the necessary delegates ahead of the GOP convention in June Trump The likliest outcome Arizona’s 58 delegates —    Trump and Cruz winning all of the delegates in Arizona and Utah Tuesday   —    would leave the race essentially unchanged heading into the final states . As frontrunner , that ’s a very good outcome for Donald Trump both states 