David Corn writes at Mother Jones about the coming chaos at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . [ " We got Mother Jones . We got Mother Jones . "   It ’s near midnight . Democratic Party delegates are milling about the lobby bar of the Marriott in downtown Philadelphia . And on the big overhead screen , there ’s a CNN report on the news of the day : Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( . ) the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee , had given up the post after leaked emails showed that some DNC officials had discussed how to thwart Bernie Sanders’ campaign . Sanders delegates are cheering wildly . The head of the party apparatus many of Sanders delegates despise is out . It ’s a victory for the Sanders revolution . Off to the side , a Florida delegate for Hillary Clinton looks on sadly . " I suppose a Florida delegate for Hillary Clinton had to go , " a Florida delegate for Hillary Clinton says . a Florida delegate for Hillary Clinton then sums up the relationship between Sanders delegates and Hillary Clinton delegates with one word : " acidic . " As thousands of delegates to the Democratic convention hit the City of Brotherly Love ( and Sisterly Affection ) it was clear that the Hillary Clinton campaign ’s talk of unity , in the wake of announcing Tim Kaine as Hillary Clinton ’s running mate , was more hope than reality . Sanders delegates throughout the City of Brotherly Love ( were grousing about a series of perceived slights and wrongs : the selection of Kaine Tim Kaine with his Sanders reputation the leaked emails , which showed that , yes , the DNC favored Hillary Clinton over Sanders Sanders but did n’t contain evidence of much underhanded activity and Hillary Clinton ’s inadequate ( in their view ) outreach to the Sanders Sanders . At a    rally on Sunday afternoon , attendees chanted , " Lock Hillary Clinton up , " echoing the mantra of Donald Trump ’s convention last week . At a Monday morning gathering of the California Democratic delegation , Sanders Sanders booed mentions of Clinton . And Florida Sanders jeered Wasserman Schultz at their breakfast Florida Sanders delegates . Many Sanders folks Sanders still grieving and not accepting Clinton ’s Clinton Though Sanders nudged Sanders to the Clinton during the campaign , demonstrated the vitality of the Democratic Party ’s progressive wing , helped craft the party ’s the Democratic Party’s platform in decades , and won a small concession regarding the future of superdelegates within the party , many the Democratic Party’s delegates Sanders openly and vigorously expressing disappointment and voicing their dissatisfaction with Clinton . superdelegates Clinton , a Sanders representative on the convention credentials committee , griped that the Clinton campaign " Clinton still taking jabs at us . " Though she noted she Clinton that Clinton Trump victory would likely be bad news for    and    Americans , she said Clinton Clinton " Clinton policies that hurt    people here and abroad . " She blasted Clinton Clinton supporting Clinton oligarchs overseas and big energy companies . " She was ticked Clinton that the Clinton campaign " Clinton saying we ’re unified without real accommodations . " She added , Clinton We ’re not ready to we on . " Read the rest here . 
 