’’ ’As he looks set to embark on a significant winning streak , Donald Trump has nevertheless aimed in recent weeks to reshuffle Donald Trump campaign staff with an eye toward the Republican National Convention.’ " More and more , it appears that Ted Cruz could pose a significant threat to Donald Trump , the Republican presidential frontrunner , in securing the party ’s nomination . " ’Over the past week , Donald Trump advisers have reportedly started building a parallel campaign structure that gives more power to new delegate strategist Paul Manafort and adviser Rick Wiley while marginalizing campaign manager Corey Lewandowski ,   Politico.’ " The shift in the campaign ’s power structure comes amid waning certainty that Donald Trump will lock down the nomination before the Republican convention this summer . Donald Trump faces fierce competition from Cruz , a Texas senator , who has proven that the campaign’s is superiorly organized at this point . " " Cruz Cruz been focusing on winning the support of delegates who could tilt the balance in his Cruz at a contested convention . Donald Trump campaign , meanwhile , has been criticized for a supposed lack of structure and organization . " ’A source familiar with the campaign Trump’s campaign Insider that Trump Donald Trump been running a    campaign from the beginning . The unprecedented strategy gave him breathtaking Cruz of free air time . But it has proved The unprecedented strategy be ineffective in the     battle for delegates.’ ’"The problem was set by Donald himself , " the source familiar with Trump’ ’s campaign operation told Business Insider.’ ’His campaign strategy " consisted of him going out Donald himself these states and doing mega speeches with big turnout and the networks covering these speeches     plus debates , plus as many interviews as he could smash Donald himself one day , " the source added.’ " But a campaign that ’s built for maximum effect on TV might not be    to an     delegate battle at a contested convention , the source said " the source added.’ " ’"You’’re now in a completely different phase of the campaign , where the premium is on knowledge of the rules , knowledge of the players , and is in organizational efforts in the states , " the operative familiar with the campaign said . " The campaign was never the campaign this . " ’ ’’ ’To catch up to Cruz on winning over delegates , Trump has reportedly   in the campaign   —    one that has him overseeing its convention strategy Trump But Trump has reportedly caused some confusion within the ranks   —    Politico   that Trump is " sidelining " Trump of his original campaign team and Trump " an entire mirror organization " with " conflicting chains of command . " ’ ’And on Tuesday , CBS News   that Lewandowski had been demoted to a role that " amounts to body man and scheduler . " Manafort was reportedly elevated to run the campaign.’ ’The reorganization comes after Lewandowski was put under scrutiny Lewandowski an incident with a female Breitbart reporter at a Trump event as she was trying to ask a female Breitbart reporter at a Trump event candidate a question . A battery charge against him   but the story the candidate several news cycles as the saga played out.’ ’Manafort , meanwhile , is reportedly " consolidating power " with people who used to take orders from Lewandowski . In some cases , staffers are receiving different orders from Manafort and Lewandowski , according to Politico.’ ’To that end ,   that Trump has given Manafort and Wiley " the reins " in upcoming states , providing them a $ 20 million budget for May and June contests . At least one Manafort " loyalist " has reportedly submitted his resignation , according to the publication.’ ’One operative familiar with the campaign told Politico : " There are two campaigns being run in Trump world . And nothing is happening because no one is sure who they’’re supposed to be listening to . " ’ ’Trump , for his part , addressed the staff     on Tuesday.’ ’"When you bring other people in , I could see some people , their feelings get a little some people hurt , " Trump said . " Frankly , you know , we’’re at a position where we’’d like to see if we can close it out . " ’ " Lewandowski did n’t respond to a request for comment . " ’Sam Nunberg , a former Trump adviser who was   Trump racially charged Facebook posts , continued publicly supporting Trump after his firing , Trump he .’ " Nunberg   his his ouster . And he Nunberg   it ’s clear Nunberg   Manafort ’s hiring signals a shift in Trump ’s strategy . " Trump be just called the convention manager , but for all intents and purposes he’ ’s the campaign manager , " Nunberg the convention manager ’’ ’The Nunberg   familiar with the campaign told Business Insider that Trump is augmenting the inexperienced staff Trump people who are more experienced.’ ’"What the Trump people have going for them in enthusiasm and now they get a the Trump people experienced guidance , " the Trump people operative said . " I don’’t think ’The operative familiar with the campaign a bad thing . " ’ ’Nunberg , meanwhile , said that Manafort " inherited a bad situation . " ’ ’"The Titanic isn’’t sinking , " Nunberg said . " The Titanic has sunk . And even somebody of Paul’ ’s great ability won’’t be able to solve this problem . " ’ ’Reports of turmoil within the Trump campaign might make it even more difficult to attract top talent . A GOP fundraiser told Politico that the profile the campaign is targeting is " that of someone the Trump campaign a professional setback or has been on the outs and needs redemption . " ’ ’"It’ ’s kind of a no lose : If things go poorly , you can blame it on Corey and the other guys , " the ’ ’"It’ said . " But , if you somehow A GOP fundraiser the campaign , you can take full credit . " the Trump campaign The focus in the Republican presidential race has turned toward delegates , rather than state contests , as a contested convention looks increasingly likely . Trump is far ahead of Cruz in the delegate battle from state contests , but Cruz ’s campaign has been wooing delegates who could switch their support Cruz if a nominee is not selected on the first Cruz’s campaign at the Cruz . " ’To win the nomination outright , a candidate a contested convention , 237 delegates . But if no one in the party wins that many through state contests , the convention could become deadlocked . And after a first round of voting a contested convention delegates who would be bound to Trump on the first ballot could vote for a different candidate on subsequent ballots.’ ’As he looks set to embark on a significant . .. ’ 
 