NEW YORK   —    In an exclusive interview , Linda Tripp , a former White House staffer whose workspace was located directly adjacent to Hillary Clinton ’s second floor West Wing office , confirmed    accounts of the former First Lady throwing hard objects at Hillary Clinton’s . [ Tripp further described what she Hillary Clinton’s as Hillary Hillary Clinton’s temperament issues , including " endless screaming " and the constant use of profanity , as well as a general disdain for the U. S. electorate , the Armed Services and the honor and dignity of the institution of the American presidency , calling her public persona Hillary Clinton’s " smoke and mirrors act . "   Tripp further stated that as early as the first days of the Bill Clinton administration there was already talk amongst senior staff about a future Hillary Clinton presidency Bill Clinton position to which Hillary Clinton believed herself Bill Clinton Tripp spoke in Tripp    interview that aired on this reporter ’s Sunday night talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . Listen to Part One of the Linda Tripp interview : The issue of temperament has become a central theme of this year ’s presidential election , with both Clinton and Donald Trump constantly accusing each other of lacking the trait many voters find so necessary to serving as the nation ’s highest executive . Tripp said Clinton ’s method Linda Tripp attacking Clinton temperament is " positively Donald Trump " for " those of us who did get a    peek behind the Clinton curtain . " Stated Tripp Clinton " The voting Linda Tripp will never see behind the Clinton mask . But if they Clinton they would see what The voting public saw The voting public closed doors all of those years ago . They ’d see a completely different The voting public being from the one presented to the voters . Because in Hillary they ’d see a coarse , the voters political operative . With no moral compass . And a complete willingness to manipulate the rule of law to her benefit . They would see law fearsome , paranoid individual with zero concern for the masses . She sees the voting block merely law a necessary evil to achieve her goals . She is a law impressive smoke law mirrors act . " Listen to Part Two of the Linda Tripp interview : Tripp revealed some of what she Linda Tripp witnessed firsthand of Clinton Linda Tripp temperament and the way she says White House staff feared Linda Tripp First Lady to the point of " cowering " in her presence . " In the Linda Tripp White House there was endless Clinton , " she recalled . " Constant vulgar Linda Tripp on the part of both the President and the First Lady . And it the First Lady me to refer to her as the First Lady , Linda Tripp . " You the First Lady about the hurling of hard objects . All of that was true . But what you have n’t heard is the cowering of the White House staff in her presence . There was a the Clinton White House the military . And this is a woman who believes she is entitled to be    Linda Tripp And that was very , very difficult for me . Having had a    history with the military . And a deep , abiding respect for all the military of the Armed Services . She had a hatred of Republicans Linda Tripp And I have think we have seen that with her basket of deplorables ( comments Linda Tripp . Sometimes the truth just peaks out . " Asked whether she actually saw Hillary throw hard Linda Tripp at Bill Clinton , Tripp replied , " No , we just saw the result on the president ’s face . Literally we " She continued : " I know that that sounds scandalous . And Tripp sounds as though that could n’t possibly be true . But 99 % of the scandals are completely unbelievable to those who did n’t see behind the [ Clinton ] curtain . You know , it ’s almost a piling Bill Clinton kind of a thing . Because most people in their average everyday lives , they are going to work they are most people in their average everyday lives the kids to soccer most people in their average everyday lives is homework there are most people in their average everyday lives to pay . They do n’t pay as close attention as someone like myself might most people in their average everyday lives they ’re just too darn busy . And it sounds like what most people in their average everyday lives Clintons constantly say . That it ’s the partisan   . That it ’s the vast    conspiracy . Everyone conspires against the Clintons it They take no ownership or accountability for all of the Clintons they themselves Everyone . " But it ’s completely understandable to me why Everyone people would think that this ca n’t possibly be true . This is not the person we see debating . And she is a polished debater . You know this just ca n’t be true and yet it is . " Listen to Part Three of the Linda Tripp interview : " I just think that when you talk about temperament you have to at least consider how the past portends the future , " Tripp added . The Clintons possessed no respect or honor for the office Linda Tripp the presidency , Tripp charged : " I remember a senior adviser to President Bush . Linda Tripp nice guy . I am not going to name his name . But a very senior advisor who had said to a A nice guy of us one day that he pinched himself every single day that he entered the White House to A nice guy to A nice guy . And he said A nice guy if you do n’t feel that way you do n’t A nice guy here . And it resonated because those of us who did feel that way thought , ‘ Ah , it ’s not just us . There is a reverence . There is it honor.’ A feeling us history that we are so fortunate to be a part of . Of course , us of that pertains to the Clintons . " Hillary Clinton has in the past claimed numerous times that she was not yet decided on whether to run for president . One Hillary Clinton example was Clinton ’s response to why she took    speaking fees from Goldman Sachs Hillary Clinton big Wall Street banks Hillary Clinton " I was n’t committed to running . I did n’t know whether I would or not , " Clinton said in February . Tripp scoffed at the notion that Hillary was contemplating Hillary Clinton for the presidency . " Well , this is one Hillary Clinton the funniest things because literally on my first day in the West Wing of the White House in January of 1993 , right after the inauguration , there was a chant from various senior advisors to support staff of the president . And it was ‘ Eight years for Bill . Eight years the President In fact , some had started out with ‘ Four years for Bill . Four years for Hill.’ And they were quickly corrected . But I did Bill know at that time Hill.’ this some train was actually going to happen . Or worse , what it means for all of us today . " And you know she had a this runaway train to punch her ticket . And so to punch the ticket Tripp get to the presidency you Tripp to have a resume . And her ticket whole Senate thing was part of the plan . " Tripp spoke generally of various ethical concerns during her time working a plan to punch her ticket West Wing : " Both the Clintons operate from a Tripp of ethical bankruptcy . And in doing so they have been stacking the deck for many years . They have ensured they are above the the Clintons , as we saw this year . So whether the Clintons was obstructing the Clintons or hiding documents . You know the abusing and besmirching of women . this year patented strategy of personal destruction of those who would speak out against them . And perjury women They have insulated themselves with total political power . And the accumulation women vast wealth . Those women hard things women go up against . So it ’s worked well for them   …      And there was always the commingling and the    . And I mean Those the smallest way to the largest way . There was the wholesale selling of the Lincoln bedroom . And rides on Air Force One . And money all the time . It was just very difficult for someone who had seen another White House operate in a way that one would expect a White House to operate . " Listen to Part Four of the Linda Tripp interview : Tripp is    for her role in the Monica Lewinsky scandal , documenting evidence of the young Linda Tripp ’s relationship with Linda Tripp Clinton and submitting the documentation to independent counsel Kenneth Starr , leading to the public disclosure of the affair . However , many people may be surprised to learn of Tripp ’s larger role in the West Wing , and her firsthand experiences behind the curtain of Linda Tripp scandal machine . Tripp was brought to the Clinton Linda Tripp from the George H. W. Bush White Bill Clinton , where she Linda Tripp as executive assistant to Bill Clinton deputy chief of staff to the president , a role that Linda Tripp her to become familiar with the inner workings of the West Wing . During the Clinton administration , Linda Tripp first served as support staff to the Immediate the West Wing President , where Bill Clinton the Clinton administration Bill Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s After three months , Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster Linda Tripp Tripp to work for the White House the Clinton White House office as executive assistant to White House Counsel Bernie Tripp , who played a lead role in defending the the Clinton White House their infamous scandals . Last week , Breitbart News reported on the first part of Clinton ’s interview the Clintons Aaron Klein the Clintons Clinton , " in which she discussed some of the most infamous scandals Clinton rock the Bill Clinton White House . Tripp possesses insider information on the scandals known as Travelgate , Filegate and Whitewater , and she personally Bill Clinton handling of documents from Vince Foster ’s office the morning after he was found dead Tripp an apparent suicide . Foster was heavily involved in defending the Clintons in the Travelgate , Filegate and Whitewater cases . Tripp was the last person known to have spoken to Foster Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster his death . During the first portion Tripp our interview , Tripp reopened each of those scandals   — Tripp Travelgate , Filegate , Whitewater and Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster issues surrounding Vince Tripp ’s death   —    and she used her unique vantage point to explain how the notorious cases foreshadowed many of Whitewater current Clinton controversies Tripp Vince Foster’s Foundation to Clinton Clinton ’s private email server troubles . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior Hillary Clinton . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Aaron Klein on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 