’   ’ "      Donald Trump brushed off concerns that Donald Trump ’s not    participating in the traditional daily intelligence and national    security briefings that presidents hold every day . " ’    In a rare    interview that aired Sunday , Donald Trump Donald Trump for why he Donald Trump not need to receive regular    classified intelligence briefings on national security and    foreign affairs , saying he Donald Trump intelligence officials to       brief him Donald Trump a situation the intelligence community    is monitoring changes . ’ ’    " I get it when I need it it " Trump Donald Trump " Fox News Sunday " host    Chris Wallace . ’ ’    " I’’m , like , a smart person . I don’’t have to be told the same    thing in the same words every single day for the next eight    years , " the    added . " I don’’t don’’t that . But I do       , ’’ If something should change , let us know . ’’ " ’ ’    Trump emphasized that Vice    Mike Pence was    receiving daily briefings . ’ ’’ ’    " In the meantime , my generals are great   —    are being briefed . And    Mike Vice   Mike Pence being briefed , who is , by the way , one of my very    good decisions , " Trump Trump , referring to his Trump to pick    Pence as his Trump . " They’’re being briefed . And I’’m being briefed    also . " ’ ’    He Trump : ’ ’    The interview also came days after Trump Trump national security experts    by condemning    Washington Post report which said that    the CIA found Russian intelligence agencies meddled in the    US election to help the Republican presidential nominee . ’ "    Critics argued that the    was attempting to    undermine the intelligence community ’s credibility . " "    In Sunday ’s interview , Trump refused to acknowledge the report ’s    credibility ,    claims that Russia attempted to help    Trump by hacking Trump emails of top Democrats and selectively    leaking them    " the emails of top Democrats    " I think it’ ’s ridiculous , " Trump said of Trump Washington Post the report think it’ ’s just another excuse . I it’ believe it . I    don’’t know why don’’t I think it’ ’s just   —    you it’ , they talked    about all sorts of things . Every week it’ ’s another excuse . " ’ it’ 