Washington ( CNN ) House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes chided the media Wednesday for taking President Donald Trump ’s wiretap accusations literally , but House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes Senate counterpart fired back that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes takes the President so seriously House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ’s spent the last few weeks searching the government for evidence .   " I take seriously anything the President says , " Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr told reporters Wednesday . " If I did n’t , then we would n’t have searched and talked to every federal agency about whether there were any warrants that existed . " Both Burr Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr said they have yet to see any evidence that Trump was wiretapped by    Barack Obama last year     an allegation he tweeted almost Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr weeks ago , which has only added fuel to a trio of Russia investigations on Capitol Hill .   " We do n’t they any evidence that that took place and in fact I do n’t believe     just in the last week of time , the people we ’ve talked they     I do n’t think there was an actual tap of Trump Tower , " Nunes said earlier Wednesday .   But Nunes cautioned against Nunes too much into what the President says .   " I think the challenge here is that President Obama would n’t physically go over and wiretap Trump tower . So now you have to decide , as I mentioned to you last week , are you going to take the tweets literally , and if you are , then clearly the President was the President But if you ’re not going to take the tweets literally and the tweets ’s a concern that the President has about the President , other surveillance activities looking at him or his associates     the President appropriately the President inappropriately     we want to find that out . " " I think it ’s all in the interpretation of what you believe , " Nunes concluded .   Nunes advised Trump during the transition Nunes has routinely defended the President in briefings about the President ’s investigation into Russian interference in the US elections , but has also joined with Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat Schiff Department of Justice and supporting public hearings . The word " wiretap " is a specific term that ca n’t be used to describe surveillance more broadly , Schiff told CNN ’s Erin Burnett Wednesday night . " It would be laughable if it was n’t so serious , " Schiff said . " No , wiretap is a wiretap . And particularly when he elaborates that he Schiff that President Obama was tapping his phones . So , I certainly do Schiff think wiretap Schiff broad enough to cover what is Schiff a baseless accusation , a complete fabrication by the President of The United States . " Trump ’s claims make the US look a lot like Russia , Schiff added . " When you have a President of the United States saying basically ’Putin is right , I ’ve been bugged by my predecessor , we The United States that just feeds that whole destructive narrative , " he said . Burr , who is The United States one of the three Congressional investigations into Russia ’s interference in the Schiff election , said he plans to announce details of the Senate Intelligence Committee ’s Russia hearing soon . It will be focused on Schiff Russian active measures in the 2016 elections . " 
 