  ( CNN )   Donald Trump brushed aside Donald Trump campaign promises to jail Hillary Clinton , batted away questions about conflicts of interest over Donald Trump business empire and denounced the    movement that is celebrating Donald Trump victory .   Answering questions for just the second time since Donald Trump election , Donald Trump met for 75 minutes on Tuesday with reporters , editors and columnists from The New York Times .   It was n’t broadcast live , but some The New York Times reporters tweeted Donald Trump ’s remarks in real time . And , since Donald Trump has not held a news conference since Donald Trump upset win two weeks ago , the entire political world was glued to Twitter through it all .   Here are six takeaways from Donald Trump ’s meeting with The New York Times :   The grudges Donald Trump is still holding , The    was downright magnanimous toward Donald Trump longtime Democratic foes .   About Donald Trump campaign promise to jail Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump said Donald Trump does n’t want to " hurt the Clintons " and that doing so would be " very , very divisive for the country . "    Donald Trump heaped praise on President Barack Obama , saying Donald Trump appreciated Obama President Barack Obama handling of the transition of power and liked Donald Trump personally . " I did n’t know if I ’d like Donald Trump . I probably thought that maybe I would n’t , but I did . I really enjoyed Donald Trump a lot , " Trump said .   And of New York ’s Chuck Schumer , the new Senate Democratic leader : " I ’ve liked Chuck Schumer for a long time . " So it ’s not the opposition that still gets under Trump Trump skin .   It it his fellow Republicans     particularly those who ran away from him his the general election . Trump Trump that he Trump helped numerous senators " win , and took a shot New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte , a Republican who narrowly lost after distancing herself Trump Trump Trump " No , thank you , " he Trump he Trump Ayotte about a post in Trump Trump .   He also Trump Nevada Rep. Joe Heck , a Republican who lost his Senate Trump after similarly staying far away from Trump . Trump , he said Trump fell " like a lead balloon . " Trump was Trump cautious about the Republican congressional leaders     House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell .   " Right now they ’re in love with me , Trump Trump said Trump " Four weeks ago , they were they in love with me . Trump   A Nixonian     view , Trump brushed Trump questions about how his actions Trump the White House could benefit his businesses Trump a startling declaration .   " The law ’s totally on my side . The president ca n’t have a conflict of interest , " Trump said Trump   It was reminiscent of Richard Nixon ’s comment to journalist David Frost that by definition , a president ’s actions do n’t violate the law The law Well , when the president does The president that The law it is not illegal , " Nixon said .   Richard Nixon acknowledged Trump businesses Trump benefit from his victory Trump saying his new Trump in Washington is " probably a more valuable asset than it was before " his new hotel in Washington that its brand is " it was . "   But he said Trump ’s Trump longer interested in his businesses Trump will his businesses them on to his children his businesses   " I do n’t care about having anything to do " with anything outside the United States’ best interests , he said Trump " I do n’t want to influence anything . " A new view on climate change ? On the campaign trail , Trump had pledged to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accords     a move that would upend global efforts to address global warming .   Tuesday , he was n’t as specific Trump " I ’m looking at it very closely . I have an open mind to it , " he said it   It Trump part of a it change for the    on the topic of climate science . He had previously rejected scientists’ Trump that humans have played a role in the earth ’s warming . But on Tuesday , Trump said that " I think there is some connectivity " between humans and climate change , although he declined to elaborate . Trump ’s white supremacist disavowal Trump Days after the white supremacist movement , known as the " " gathered in Washington to celebrate Trump ’s victory , the Trump he wants nothing to do with the    .   " I do n’t want to energize the group , and I disavow the group , " he told the group . " the    ’s not a group I want to energize , and if they are energized , I want to a group I want to energize into it and find out why . " It notable is what Trump did n’t do : He Trump n’t condemn the white Trump groups like the National Policy Institute , which led the weekend gathering , by name     something that ’s noticed every time Trump personally takes the time to Trump the cast of " Hamilton " or wade into other feuds on his Twitter account .   Trump Trump took flak recently after Trump tapped his campaign CEO Steve Trump to Trump one of his top two advisers in the Trump House . Bannon , the former executive chairman of Breitbart News , touted the website as " the platform for the   . " Bannon rejected the    and racist elements Steve Bannon the    in an interview with the Wall Street Journal this week and declared himself an " economic nationalist . " Trump defended Bannon in his New York Times meeting Steve Bannon saying Trump he ’s known him for " a himself time " himself that the allegations of    and connections to the    are " not him . " " If I thought himself was racist , or ’ ’ himself .. I would n’t even think about hiring him , " Trump said Tuesday . himself the   ?   Trump laid out some lofty foreign policy Trump .   " I would love to be the one who made peace with Israel and the Palestinians . That would be such a great achievement , " he said , referring to a conflict Trump has vexed presidents for decades .   How is Trump going to do that ?   Trump ’s not clear     and Trump showed just how limited his foreign Trump knowledge is when he Trump his     Jared Kushner , Trump help Trump peace between the Israelis and Palestinians .   Trump ’s approach to foreign policy remains Trump open question . He did tell the Times , " Trump do n’t think we should be a   "     an implicit shot at the American military ’s role in the Iraq War . He also said " we have to Trump that craziness that we going on in Syria , " adding that he has a " different view than Trump else " of that conflict     without explaining that view . What an age we a "different view than everybody else" of that conflict     , Trump has n’t held a news conference in the 14 days since he won the election     the longest period Trump silence from a    in decades .   So when he met with The New York Times , Trump entire political world was watching . But not on screen     the meeting was n’t    or televised .   Instead , the news came 140 characters at a time from the Twitter accounts of Times reporters like Maggie Haberman , Mike Grynbaum The New York Times Julie Davis , who were posting the   ’s remarks live .   Those tweets were being shown    as cable news networks covered the developments , with no audio and no video of Trump     just tweets containing his remarks . Perhaps fitting for a candidate Trump    who regularly makes news or causes controversy 140 characters at a time from his phone . 
 Trump 