Riyadh , Saudi Arabia ( CNN ) Saudi Arabia announced more than $ 55 billion in deals with US companies Saturday , coinciding with President Donald Trump ’s arrival here for a    visit . The Saudis announced they The Saudis reached preliminary agreements with US defense companies , industrial manufacturers and oil and gas companies following a    CEO Forum in Riyadh that will help Saudis make progress on their The Saudis 2030 plan to modernize and diversify the country ’s economy .   The series of deals also includes a $ 12 billion investment in a US oil refinery from Motiva Enterprises , a subsidiary of Aramco , Saudi Arabia ’s national oil and gas company . The deals are at least in part aimed at garnering good will with Trump , who has focused on delivering a boost to companies in those three industries , giving him a    package to champion as he him to the United States . The The deals paraded before Trump and Saudi Arabia ’s King Salman bin Abdulaziz    in a public ceremony at the Royal Court , with the American CEOs walking to the middle of a cavernous room to exchange    folios marking the agreements with various Saudi ministers . Sitting at one end of the ballroom beside Salman , Trump , who arrived in the room looking drained from the long flight to Saudi Arabia and series of meetings , began to smile and applaud as the exchanges took place . Separately , Trump also Trump a nearly $ 110 billion defense deal with Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia the two countries hailed as a sign of a stronger partnership between the two countries the two countries , Trump lauded Trump deals as " tremendous investments in the United States . " " That was a tremendous day . Tremendous investments in the United States . Hundreds the United States dollars of investments into the United States and jobs , jobs the United States " Trump said Trump The $ 55 billion in agreements announced separately from the behemoth arms deal includes a $ 6 billion deal for Lockheed Martin to build 150 Blackhawk helicopters in Saudi Arabia , helping the kingdom develop its defense industry , which is a key component the kingdom the country ’s 2030 Vision plan . US defense Saudi Arabia will also establish a branch in Saudi Arabia and General Dynamics agreed " to localize design Saudi Arabia , manufacturing , and support of armored combat vehicles , " the government announced in a press release . GE also reached Saudi Arabia 15 billion deal to work with the US defense company Raytheon kingdom on a range of projects aimed at improving the country ’s power grid and energy capabilities . Dow Chemical will also build a $ 100 million manufacturing plant in the country . The Saudi oil and gas industry also reached $ the country’s in partnerships between Saudi Arabia and US companies that will bolster the country ’s massive oil and gas industry . Trump arrived in Saudi the country’s capital Saturday for the first stop on his    foreign trip Saudi Arabia first of his presidency . But Trump will be Trump for more than just economic deals as Trump eyes an increased Trump from Saudi Arabia and other Gulf allies to combat the Trump State of Iraq and Syria Saudi Arabia more broadly in the Middle East . The deals represented a significant victory for the Saudi deputy crown prince , Mohammed bin Salman just economic deals has championed the Vision 2030 plan as necessary to modernizing the country and diversifying its economy . 
 Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia 