  ( CNN ) You are at the top of your family tree . " States of Change " airs Saturday at 10 p. m. ET on CNN . Editor ’s note : This is an excerpt from Bill Weir ’s journey retracing Bill Weir’s past in a bid to understand America ’s new cold civil war and explore why neighbors seem to have become strangers . Travel the rest of the way with Bill at " States of Change . " Maybe you have siblings and maybe you have saplings ( or grand saplings ) but at this moment you are perched on the highest branches of a bloodline Redwood . A lineage that somehow survived storms and disease , war and pestilence , love and hate , generation after generation . You are proud of your tree . You would fight for your tree . But how much do you really know about your your tree And how far down are you willing to climb ? I ’ve been thinking about trees and bloodlines since Donald Trump won Wisconsin and America cracked in two . Half of my Facebook feed cheered his victory Half of my Facebook feed thanked God for this miraculous answer to prayer . The other Half of my Facebook feed the stages of grief and braced for end of the world . It was like watching the American family tree get struck by lightning , trunk alive , branches on fire . If we are now locked in the Cold Civil War of 2017 , most are firmly on either side of our     Divide , we Make American Great Again " caps vs. pussycat hats . But I have the vantage of an American mutt , raised in constant motion . I ’m a local in small towns and big cities , a native to states red and blue , at home in the branches of so many different trees thanks to a family that broke before I could walk . My father was a liberal , atheist homicide detective who fled Milwaukee ’s    chaos for the serenity of the Rockies . My mother left him when I was My father , found Jesus when I was My father and one Saturday announced over breakfast " I had a dream from God last night . " We were under Divine orders to leave Milwaukee and move to Milwaukee Bible Belt , she explained , so My mother could pursue a My mother in televangelism . " Tell your Dad I ’ll give up alimony and child support if he lets us go child Jesus We take care of us . " A We weeks later we were headed south We modest    in tow . But God kept changing his mind . I God to 17 schools in six states as Mom followed her dreams . Literally Mom She never made it Mom the next Billy Graham but I found myself drawn to television , starting out in tiny meatpacking towns to big cities to networks in both Sodom ( Los Angeles ) and Gomorrah ( New York ) . Life as The New Kid turned out to be great training for this gig and this moment when neighbors are strangers , fear and loathing rules the day and the American experiment seems doomed . If we are to survive the most divisive presidency in generations , it ’s up to we are to survive the most divisive presidency in generations to climb down we family trees and we understand how we got here . we ’s up to we are to survive the most divisive presidency in generations to ask fellow we " Where are you from ? " with a lot less fear and a lot more wonder . Set out with Bill on his travels at " Bill of Change . " 
 