’   ’ "    Delta Air Lines pulled   Delta Air Lines sponsorship from New York City ’s    Public Theater on Sunday because one of   Delta Air Lines    plays depicts the assassination of a politician who looks    like President Donald Trump . " ’    The theater company’ ’s production of Shakespeare’ ’s " Julius Caesar "    features actors wearing modern dress and a blond , business      title character . a blond, business     title character is stabbed to death    in a bloody scene midway through the play . ’ ’    " No matter what your political stance may be , the graphic staging    of Julius Caesar at this summer ’s Free Shakespeare in the Park    does not reflect Delta Air Lines’ values , " Delta said in a    . " Their    artistic and creative direction crossed the line on the standards    of good taste . " ’ ’    The play is running through June 18 as part of the Public    Theater’ ’s popular " Shakespeare in the Park " series in Manhattan’ ’s    Central Park . ’ ’    Hosts of the Fox News morning program " Fox and Friends "    criticized the The play Sunday . ’ ’’ ’    " A disgusting New York City play depicting the president brutally    assassinated , all while being funded by your taxpayer dollars , " a    Fox host Fox as she introduced a   Fox host segment about the play The play ’    Donald Trump Jr. chimed in as well , tweeting a Fox News    article about the segment and asking " Serious question , when does    ’’ art ’’ become political speech & does that change things ? " ’ ’    Before pulling its sponsorship , art’’ responded to the Fox News    Fox News the statement , " We do not support Delta interpretation    of Julius Caesar . " ’ "    A note on the play ’s website , from director Oskar Eustis ,    addresses the provocative scene . " ’    " ’’ Julius Caesar is about Julius Caesar democracy is . The    institutions that we have inherited from the struggle of many    generations of our ancestors , can be swept away in no time at    all , " it reads , in part . ’ ’    " The difficulty in determining the protagonist of ’’ Julius Caesar     —    there are at least four credible candidates   —    is not a formal    weakness of the play , but rather essential to its structure . When       is happening ,    the ground is slipping away from under    us and all that    solid melts into air , leadership is as    transitory and flawed as the times . " ’ ’Delta Air Lines pulled its sponsorship from New . ’ ’Delta Air Lines ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 