Washington ( CNN ) New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Tuesday that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is wrong to suggest that the New York bombing suspect should n’t receive medical care .   " I understand the anger that Donald Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaking to ( but ) this is America and this is our system and you are innocent until proven guilty and you have a right to counsel and that is the Constitution of the United States of America , America he said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump CNN ’s " New Day . "   " And that ’s what makes us who we are our That ’s what makes us special our And if you give that up , Alisyn , then you have defeated yourself , " Cuomo , a Democrat who has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president this cycle , told CNN ’s CNN Camerota . " That is the code of democracy and freedom . That is what they resent about us . So do n’t lose your soul in the process . Because that is the soul of America . " Trump complained Monday about Ahmad Khan Rahami being offered medical treatment and legal assistance following his shootout Trump police . Rahami , the suspect in Saturday ’s bombings in New York and New Jersey , was captured Monday . Monday a frantic manhunt and shootout , Rahami was Ahmad Khan Rahami multiple times before being taken to a hospital for surgery .   " He will Ahmad Khan Rahami taken care of by some of the best doctors in the world . He will Ahmad Khan Rahami given a fully modern and updated hospital room . And he will Ahmad Khan Rahami even have room service , knowing the way our country is . And on top of all of that , he will Ahmad Khan Rahami represented by an outstanding lawyer , " Trump said at a Florida rally .   But Cuomo said Ahmad Khan Rahami that leaving a wounded Rahami " on the streets " would have been   . " That ’s not who we are . That ’s not who we want we be . And that ’s not how we defeat we terrorists . We defeat we terrorists the terrorists true to who we are we " he said Ahmad Khan Rahami   Cuomo also Ahmad Khan Rahami on CNN ’s " The Situation Room " to Trump ’s claim Monday that Rahami would have access to " amazing hospitalization " and be " taken care of by some of the best doctors in the world . " " Welcome to America , " he told Ahmad Khan Rahami ’s Wolf CNN . " Right ? We have a system of jurisprudence . You are innocent until proven guilty . You have a right to counsel . .. that is our system . a system of jurisprudence ’s what makes a system of jurisprudence country special . It ’s what make a system of jurisprudence country great . this country praised Ahmad Khan Rahami enforcement Tuesday for successfully capturing Rahami quickly . " It was really a remarkable situation when you think about it , " he said It " New Day . " " I think it ’s a statement of It time . We have gotten so sophisticated in law enforcement , especially in New York . " On Monday , Cuomo disputed Ahmad Khan Rahami ’s assertion that police are n’t doing their job because they are police of being police of racial profiling . " Our local police     they know who a lot of these people are . They are afraid to do these people about it because they do n’t want to these people accused of profiling , " Trump said Fox News .   Cuomo responded : " I do n’t know how you could have been more aggressive than we were here . " Trump defends racial profiling in Trump of bombs , " I said as soon it as it happened that justice would be swift , " he told Blitzer . " Cuomo do n’t know how you can criticize that police activity . Look at the product , look at the result , look at how aggressive it was . " 
 the product 