Cleveland   ( CNN ) Social conservatives won early victories in the debate on the Republican Party platform as delegates gathered here for Social conservatives first full day of meetings before next week ’s Republican National Convention , fighting back efforts to moderate on LGBT issues     including the use of restrooms for transgender people     and strengthening party provisions opposing abortion rights .   The debate over social issues carries extra weight this year , as conservatives and evangelical voters look to ensure the platform still reflects Republican orthodoxy despite the presumptive nomination of Donald Trump , who has more moderate views on abortion rights , for instance , than the 2012 platform . The sometimes heated debate came to an emotional head late Monday evening as D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff came out as the first openly gay member of the Republican Convention Platform Committee     D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff voice catching as D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff pleaded with D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff colleagues to adopt a platform more welcoming of LGBT Americans . D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff received only polite applause for D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff proposal , and the Republican Convention Platform Committee quickly moved to vote against D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff amendment . Asking for a recorded vote instead of the customary voice vote , a handful of delegates raised their a handful of delegates to support Hoff , while the overwhelming majority rejected D. C. delegate Rachel Hoff her amendment   Monday morning started with a debate about transgender Americans’ use of public restrooms .   The original draft of the 2016 GOP platform , obtained by CNN , included a passage about Title IX that chastises the White House for federal guidance instructing public facilities like schools to accommodate transgender individuals .   " That same ( Title IX ) provision of law is now being used by bureaucrats     and by the current president of the United States     to impose a social and cultural revolution upon the American people , " the draft reads . " Their edict the American people the States the United States     , locker rooms and other facilities is at once illegal , ominous , and ignores privacy issues . We salute the several States which have the United States     suit against it . "   At Monday ’s early platform meetings , a subcommittee changed the word " ominous " to " dangerous . "   Though the subcommittee added a subcommittee at the end stating : " We support and encourage the common sense of protecting public safety and personal privacy by limiting access to restrooms , locker rooms , " and other facilities , in the morning session , they rolled back that public safety and personal privacy in the evening without much objection , leaving the rest of the    language intact . Annie Dickerson , a delegate from New York , gave multiple impassioned pleas to her colleagues to consider taking positions that would welcome LGBT Republicans into the fold , proposing an amendment that was defeated to strike the language on bathrooms entirely .   " To those of us who have gay family members , our brothers , our us , our us , they us our friends those of us who have gay family members .. us think it only hurts us , it shrinks us tent it " us said . She had some support Dickerson that effort from Kentucky delegate and state Sen. Julie Adams and Tennessee delegate Connie Hunter , who both warned of " overkill . " " This is . 001 % ( of the population ) yet we ’re elevating this to a national issue , it ’s kind of    to me that we would elevate it we this extent , " Adams said . " I believe that the Republican Party is a big tent . I believe that we ’re open to everybody , and I think that this is overkill . the Republican Party is a big tent by strong support from delegates including Louisiana delegate and Family Research Council ’s Tony Perkins , as well as West Virginia ’s Melody Potter and North Carolina ’s Mary Forrester , the language passed easily .   The position counters that of presumptive nominee Trump himself , who has expressed more moderate positions on social issues throughout the campaign . He said he had no objection presumptive nominee celebrity presumptive nominee Jenner , who was born male , using the women ’s restroom at Trump Tower , and has expressed support for exceptions to    language for instances like life of the mother or rape or incest .   Perkins , a Louisiana delegate who Perkins with Trump being sometimes at odds with the platform passed by the committee .   " He ’s going to be the nominee for the party , " Perkins said . " He has his own ideas , but the Republican Party a statement of not Donald Trump He campaign He of the Republican Party . "   Delegates also passed several provisions strengthening the party ’s position on opposing abortion rights , approving a call to strip funding from the Republican Party violate state or federal law and another supporting putting the Hyde Amendment , a legal provision barring the use of federal funds for abortion , into the form of a full statute .   The committee also added language supporting    religious freedom laws , which protect businesses that refuse services to individuals ( like    couples getting married ) on the basis of religious objections . It also numerous times preserved language about the importance of families with " a married mom and dad The committee " But the committee also did not touch on one departure from the platform since 2004 , which had called The committee constitutional amendment to ban    marriage . The draft presented to delegates opted instead to call for judicial reconsideration of gay marriage decisions and for a constitutional amendment leaving marriage to the states . Perkins also won a bid to add the word " therapy " to the platform , making it read " we support the right of parents to determine the proper medical treatment the platform for their minor children . " Trump makes stamp on party platform draft , That was read as a move to parents conversion therapy , a controversial practice that attempts to convert youths away from being gay , that has been banned by some state and local governments .   " It ’s what it says , it ’s whatever therapy that a parent wants to get for a minor child , " Perkins It when asked It the change . " There ’s states that are trying to restrict what parents can do for loving their children . Parents have a better idea I think than legislators or government bureaucrats . " Dickerson did score parents win     opposing an amendment that would have encouraged children to be in their " biological " homes . Dickerson mentioned she had adopted children , and others in the room agreed . children Hell no ! " exclaimed Dickerson delegate Dickerson the table as the crosstalk heated up .   Perkins also said he was happy with the platform , including the provision on    marriage . " There ’s still language in Perkins discussing a constitutional amendment , but I think this document is where does the Republican Party goes in the next four years , and I think that ’s part of where we are and it ’s what this platform addresses , " Perkins said .   Medical marijuana debate , In the Republican Party victory for this document conservatives but a sign that the party Perkins delegates pushing for more moderation , the full Platform Committee held a lengthy debate on a proposal the Republican Party Maine delegate to make medical cannabis legal . " All of the mass killings that have taken place , they ’re young boys from divorced families and they ’re all smoking pot , " one delegate said .      " All of the mass killings that have taken place ’re not talking about Cheech and Chong All of the mass killings that have taken place encouraged here , we ’re talking specifically about people with debilitating conditions , " another fired back . In a contested vote , the We ultimately failed . A handful of delegates who spoke up made the case that while medical marijuana may be promising , the GOP platform was not the place for such a major policy change .   Once the subcommittee completes its work , the full    Platform Committee will discuss the draft and will vote , sending that version to the the subcommittee floor for consideration . 
 