In the months leading to the 2016 presidential election , Democratic voters had a consistent place to look for updates on Hillary Clinton ’s campaign : Hillary Clinton’s daughter ’s Twitter feed . From reports on her daughter campus visits to FaceTime sessions with supporters , Chelsea Clinton ’s tweets were positive , inclusive and unfailingly on message . " Could n’t be more proud of my mom and the campaign her daughter ’s run , " Chelsea Clinton’s wrote on Election Day . " Let ’s bring it home for her Chelsea Clinton’s . " Things did n’t work out as planned , of course . And after Donald J. Trump , and not her daughter mother , was sworn in as the country ’s 45th president , another side of Chelsea Chelsea Clinton’s to emerge . In recent weeks , her daughter has greeted the Trump era with a more sarcastic and feisty online personality , sharing with her daughter 1 . 6 million followers her daughter fiercely held political beliefs and sparring with political adversaries in    bursts . Ms. Clinton Chelsea Clinton’s a Trump adviser of spreading misinformation , admonished a Republican congressman for racist comments and pushed the president to speak out in the face of an increase in religiously motivated attacks . She has also Chelsea Clinton’s to step up the number of messages she is sending Chelsea Clinton’s According to TweetStats , a tool that tracks posting frequency , Ms. Clinton posted Chelsea Clinton’s last November . In February , she posted over 300 Chelsea Clinton’s an average of more than 10 a day . All of this has raised questions   —    and prompted criticism   —    about Ms. Clinton ’s political Chelsea Clinton’s it ’s coming from a Clinton , both supporters and critics have wondered , can a tweet ever be just a tweet ? Several people close to Ms. Clinton and her family say Chelsea Clinton’s , this Chelsea Clinton’s just tweeting , and no , she is not using it as a Chelsea Clinton’s to eventually run for office . Melanne Verveer , who served as Mrs. Ms. Verveer a girl . Ms. Verveer Chelsea Clinton’s n’t understand the newfound interest in the youngest Clinton ’s political motives , and thinks most observers are jumping to conclusions . " I think it ’s probably natural in some ways for people to think , ‘ Well , she ’s the next in line’ in a political family , " Ms. Verveer said . " But I think that ’s reading Ms. Verveer much into tweets . " ( Since when has that ever Ms. Verveer internet ’s thirst for content ? ) Liz Robbins , a Washington lobbyist and a close friend of the Clintons , said she was surprised that people just now seemed to Ms. Robbins ’s like coming late to the movie , " Ms. Robbins said . She Ms. Clinton have a point : Ms. Clinton has maintained a Twitter account since 2012 and has tweeted more than 5 , 900 times . Many of those were messages of support for her mother on Ms. Robbins campaign trail . And here Ms. Clinton Lee Koss , a friend of Ms. Clinton ’s since the two were roommates at Oxford : " She ’s literally just tweeting like a Ms. Robbins person would tweet . " Fine . There is probably some truth to this " normal person Ms. Clinton . People who use social media generally enjoy circulating information that Ms. Clinton with their beliefs . People squabble . And people can certainly find themselves setting off heated discussions about things that do n’t really matter , as the bedlam that arose from Ms. Clinton ’s spinach pancake recipe may suggest People who use social media But Ms. Clinton is still a Clinton . She may people her own person   —    a     mother of two , an activist   —    but she remains the only child of President Bill Clinton and Ms. Clinton’s , the first female Ms. Clinton’s candidate Ms. Clinton’s a major Ms. Clinton’s party . Ms. Lee Koss , who said she spoke to Ms. Clinton daily , said that Ms. Clinton’s may be living up to the expectations that come with this particular political family . Or maybe that is just what her supporters Ms. Lee Koss where the Clinton Ms. Clinton’s is now , " Ms. Lee Koss said . " Maybe people want to hear from her and are clinging to Ms. Clinton’s . " Mattie Bekink , a friend from Ms. Clinton ’s days at Stanford , said Ms. Clinton’s Clinton ’s behavior had n’t changed much since the election , even if the political world thinks Ms. Clinton’s . These messages now come from a member of the party that lost Ms. Clinton’s Clinton forget , people like Kellyanne Conway Ms. Clinton’s to remind her , in their own tweets . " Chelsea has n’t changed , " Ms. Bekink wrote in an email . " The norms of political and social discourse have Ms. Clinton’s Referring to a message sent by Representative Steve King of Iowa Ms. Clinton’s the Republican congressman whom Ms. Clinton criticized , Ms. Bekink added : " people like Kellyanne Conway a year ago , I doubt a sitting member of Congress would dare to tweet something blatantly racist and then stand by it . " ( Part of a tweet by Mr. King Ms. Clinton’s : " We ca n’t restore our civilization with somebody else ’s babies . Ms. Bekink asked to provide a    response to speculation over her tweets , Ms. Clinton relayed the following over email : " Twitter helps us share what we something blatantly racist is important   helps us raise our voices against efforts to take us back years , decades    We      or centuries . " None of the five Clinton friends interviewed for this article thought that any    this necessarily    to another Clinton running for office . Ms. Clinton , several pointed out us has , for years , us down us over her political aspirations . us one Clinton ally did hint that Ms. Clinton could have a desire to be a    for Democratic causes . The ally , Jay S. Jacobs , a prominent New York    , said Ms. Clinton    simply keeping her family ’s name in the national conversation while her parents took time    from politics . " If    ’s your mother ,    Jacobs said , " and you ’ve shared these interests and passions for one Clinton ally necessarily be    desire to get out in    and carry on . " Mr. Jacobs added    " That ’s what Clintons do , by the way . " Of course , others would prefer that the Clintons refrain from speaking out . one Clinton ally can be blunt   —    " God Help Us if Chelsea Clinton Runs for Office , " The New York Post shouted in February . Meghan McCain , a daughter of Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , one Clinton ally herself no stranger to the political media glare ) was just as unvarnished about the prospect . " What fresh hell am Clintons Clintons where I am going to have to sit through Chelsea Clinton running for office ? " Ms. McCain said recently on Fox News . " The media gives this grown woman with two Ms. McCain the intense criticism over a few hundred innocent tweets . " To the naysayers : It ’s Twitter , " Ms. Lee Koss said . Chelsea Clinton unfollow . " 
 Chelsea Clinton Ms. Lee Koss 