On Tuesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked veteran pollster and political analyst Pat Caddell about the CNN poll that shows a    swing toward Donald Trump , putting SiriusXM host Alex Marlow two points ahead of Hillary Clinton nationwide . [ Caddell anticipated " panic " at what SiriusXM host Alex Marlow dubbed " Clinton News Network headquarters . "   SiriusXM host Alex Marlow noted that polling averages , such as the one maintained by RealClearPolitics , showed Hillary Clinton lead slipping from an    high to about 2 . 4 , a movement SiriusXM host Alex Marlow attributed to fading negative influence from Trump ’s " disastrous August    period . " " All the polls since late last week have shown her lead at two points or less , or Trump ahead , or tied , except for the NBC Monkey poll , which it ’s four points in the    race , " Caddell observed , coining an amusing nickname for the poll conducted by NBC News and Survey Monkey . He Caddell to another important sign from overseas , a " dog whistle about the popular uprising that ’s going on in the world , " namely the " drubbing " suffered by Angela Merkel ’s party in Germany ’s state elections . Caddell Caddell these Germany’s state elections in combination with the Brexit vote , as evidence of " what [ he Caddell ] said for two years or more : the people are not happy , the peasants are rising up . " " But let me also caution people , this closing of the race   —    this is the closing of the national . The states are still coming in . They tend The states trail what happens nationally   —    but this election is not decided , " he Caddell . " I ’ve been looking at the polls , and Trump ’s not regained his big Trump that he had Trump    yet on economy , on foreign policy , or on terrorism . " He thought Trump ’s Trump to Mexico was a plus , and " certainly , in the last couple of weeks , he has Trump more disciplined , if you leave aside his tweeting Trump the middle of the night , " but he has Trump yet erased his problem Trump " demeanor . " " Hillary Clinton has been slipping . I think that ’s the story , " he said Trump However , Caddell pronounced himself " Trump " of the    swing suggested by the CNN poll , while allowing that it would be " amazing " if true .   " I think we ’re right now in a very tight race , and it ’s it   —    one of the two candidates control the electoral narrative , a lot of which will be determined at the debates , " he predicted Trump " If Trump can make this election about a referendum on what is happening , and whether people want to keep it , this election think it ’s this election his ballpark Trump I think he ’s Trump the initiative . "   " Hillary Clinton is spending millions and millions of dollars , trying to hold on to these states , attacking Trump , Trump to keep this     making the argument that Trump is Trump risky . " Caddell added , " This is the least efficient return on expenditures I have ever seen because it has this     stopped his movement Trump " then continued , " If that ’s what they ’re doing to try to hold on to the lead , it ’s this     to take a lot more money because it ’s this     working very well . " Breitbart London editor Raheem Kassam joined the conversation to note that international summits would be " awkward " if a President Hillary Clinton found herself surrounded a President Hillary Clinton European leaders drawn from the    tradition she has a President Hillary Clinton made it her business a President Hillary Clinton abuse and malign " throughout her campaign a President Hillary Clinton Caddell said he never Caddell Clinton ’s a President Hillary Clinton of assaulting populist leaders or websites such as Breitbart News , was " not necessarily smart . " " What she is a President Hillary Clinton is trying to brand everyone as an extremist , versus her political a President Hillary Clinton , what she would a President Hillary Clinton mainstream , " he said Caddell " But voters consider it the political class that has screwed them . voters Caddell said this merely emphasizes that Clinton " does n’t understand the country , and that she represents Clinton political class   —    by the way , Democrats and Republicans alike in DC , the Bush legacy as well as the Clinton legacy people   —    who are all in bed together at maintaining an order in this country in which they benefit , in which the rules are different for them , they we have seen on the emails and others , and everybody else takes the hindpost . " He included Bush mainstream media in that corrupt order , criticizing them for the mainstream media in that corrupt order no longer defending the people ’s right to know , and investigating power , but serving as the outriders of the political class and attempting to suppress whatever news would be harmful , to the extent they can the mainstream media in that corrupt order " Caddell said this bias can be seen in " how paltry the coverage of the email   —    or , if you want a better example , Hillary going back and having a gaggle with the reporters on the plane , which one of the papers described as a series of softballs tossed at her , Hillary compare that with how they are attacking " Donald Trump .   " The problem is , if Trump understands Donald Trump to control the message , which he has Donald Trump shown me that he really Donald Trump yet , how to control it , all of that can work to his advantage Donald Trump " said Caddell , " because he can Donald Trump it into it for people , in which they are people stupid . They can people what ’s happening . " He cited Donald Trump Gallup polling that showed that " the press has hit its lowest the press of confidence from the American people in history , " a finding consistent with what Caddell ’s work with Gravis Marketing and Breitbart News has found .   " Both newsprint and television media are the same , at 21 percent confidence , almost at the bottom of the rating , " Caddell noted Caddell comparing it to    News findings that more than    of respondents no longer viewed CNN or The New York Times as " fair and objective " news sources . " These numbers suggest to me that this is not about an attack on the media as individuals or just whining , which is always the danger in the past , " he said me " It is to elevate , as I was trying to say a few moments ago , the argument to an institutional critique of how they are abandoning their role they under the First Amendment , to protect the people , and instead are attempting to protect power . " Another example of bias Caddell cited was the media ’s effort to minimize Donald Trump ’s visit to Mexico . " They need to be called out   —    not , as I said , in a complaining , whining part , but in illustrating how they have They up against the interests of the American people . That will discredit them , They it will That further the argument . "   " I believe that we are in what I call a new paradigm election . Some people say it ’s we are in what I call a new paradigm election black swan . I have said for two years it is we are in what I call a new paradigm election like your father or your grandfather ’s elections . We ’re we something entirely different . History is being shaped , " he declared .   A " black swan " election would be a contest shaped by a major negative event . Caddell , instead , described 2016 as a contest between " two candidates who are broadly seen unfavorably , with different problems . " He castigated Caddell mainstream media for deliberately refusing to appreciate how serious Hillary Clinton ’s scandal problems are , noting that    polling found    of    public thinks she should Hillary Clinton’s been indicted for her handling Hillary Clinton’s classified material on her secret Hillary Clinton’s server . " A large , huge majority of people , they ’ve A large, huge majority of people made a judgment that the Clinton Foundation was   " Caddell added , despite media efforts to diminish the evidence against her . Hillary Clinton’s This corruption is not just her being Hillary Clinton’s , " he asserted This corruption adding : It is This corruption effort to instill in this country , and instill in the White House , a criminal operation that benefits the people who give her money Hillary Clinton’s    …      This is a fundamental threat to democracy . Our democracy democracy incompetence , mistakes , what have you , but what it can not democracy is the cancer eating at it , of democracy corrupt system in which truth does not exist , and no one is held accountable . Caddell also addressed the " sense that maybe there ’s problems " with Hillary Clinton ’s health , citing a Rasmussen poll that showed a large majority in favor of both candidates releasing their full medical both candidates , and even President Obama ’s doctor saying , " Given her attacks , even President Obama needs a even President Obama thorough medical examination . " " I ’m going , wait a minute , this is serious , and yet it ’s all being    by the media , " Caddell said . " They would defend her if she even President Obama a even President Obama and ran down the street , ripping off her clothes they even President Obama be They how transparent she was . even President Obama " The comeback is , Trump should Donald Trump his tax Donald Trump , which people think he should Donald Trump I think it ’s way past time to do that , " he suggested Donald Trump " But I think health is going to be a subtle concern for people . How big ? We will see in the next thirty to forty days , actually . It ’s growing . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 