Washington ( CNN ) Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch told a US senator Wednesday that President Donald Trump ’s tweets about the judiciary are " demoralizing " and " disheartening . " In a meeting with Connecticut Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal , Gorsuch , who ’s largely been silent since President Donald Trump nominated President Donald Trump last week , took exception to President Donald Trump calling a federal judge in Seattle a "   judge " after blocking the President ’s travel ban . " President Donald Trump said very specifically that they were demoralizing and disheartening and President Donald Trump characterized they very specifically that way , " Blumenthal said of Gorsuch . " I said they were more than disheartening and I said to Blumenthal that Blumenthal has an obligation to make Blumenthal views clear to the American people , so the American people understand how abhorrent or unacceptable President Trump ’s attacks on the judiciary are . " Ron Bonjean , who is leading communications for Gorsuch during the confirmation process , confirmed Gorsuch called Trump ’s tweet about the "   judge " " disheartening " and " demoralizing " in his conversation with Blumenthal .   Trump ’s comments could complicate the upcoming hearings for Gorsuch , who is certain to face questions about Trump tweets from Democrats . Liberals , already concerned with Gorsuch record , have also asked how he will Trump independence from the President .   Neil Gorsuch facts , But Gorsuch ’s Gorsuch help him with some moderate Trump . In the private meeting with Blumenthal , and in one with Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer , Gorsuch seems to Gorsuch trying to address the issue proactively . Gorsuch told Schumer Gorsuch a meeting Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer that an attack on his fellow judges is Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer attack on all , and he said he is Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer disheartened Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer people attack his fellow judges , his fellow judges source familiar with the discussion who paraphrased the judge ’s comments . He also told Schumer Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer judges are Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer to being criticized and are no one ’s lackeys . Blumenthal , a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he brought up examples Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer Trump ’s recent rhetoric , including the tweets and the President ’s criticism of the federal court Wednesday morning before law enforcement officials .    That ’s when Gorsuch expressed disappointment in Trump ’s comments , Blumenthal said Trump He did n’t disagree with me on Blumenthal point . " " Blumenthal said to him if a litigant before your court Blumenthal and the President of the United States is in fact a litigant right now in the immigration ban cases     said what President Trump said , you would hold Trump contempt of court , " Blumenthal Trump , adding that Gorsuch did not Blumenthal a response to that comment . Schumer spokesman Matt House said Gorsuch is n’t going far enough . " Gorsuch the President ’s comments , that a very milquetoast response , " House said . " Anyone can be disheartened Schumer spokesman Matt House but the judge refused to condemn the comments privately or publicly . " Gorsuch the President’s comments senators , Gorsuch , a Gorsuch appeals court judge from Colorado , has been meeting with senators on both sides of the aisle since being nominated last week .   Blumenthal said the two men met for 40 minutes in the senator ’s office , where they discussed their shared running habits and " common the two men for the two men outdoors , " among more serious conversations about Gorsuch ’s judicial views and background .   While Blumenthal described the meeting as " amicable , " Blumenthal said he was " disappointed " in Gorsuch Blumenthal responses Blumenthal his questions and felt he Gorsuch’s being forthcoming Blumenthal specific enough . Blumenthal said he was especially looking for more answers Blumenthal Gorsuch Blumenthal thoughts about reproductive rights , workers’ rights Gorsuch Gorsuch’s issues .   Asked if Blumenthal is open to supporting Gorsuch , the senator said he will wait until after the Blumenthal holds hearings Blumenthal Gorsuch ’s nomination to make a final decision but that Gorsuch has Gorsuch’s and deep concerns " about him Blumenthal Blumenthal said he supports requiring a    threshold Blumenthal confirm the Supreme Court Blumenthal , Blumenthal if he decides to oppose Gorsuch , Blumenthal said he will use " every Blumenthal " at his disposal to Blumenthal the Blumenthal . Republicans need eight of their Democratic Blumenthal to break that threshold and prevent a filibuster . Blumenthal Republicans one of three Democratic a   threshold Gorsuch met with on Wednesday Blumenthal He also sat down with Democratic Sens . Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Blumenthal Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota     two states that Trump won . Impact of Trump ’s tweets , Trump ’s tweets have disturbed many in the legal community Trump While it is Trump for a president to disagree with a ruling from the Judicial Branch , Trump is using his Twitter account to call out individual judges while cases are being Trump .   Trump "   judge " tweet came after Washington    federal Judge James Robart Friday Trump Trump ’s executive order barring citizens of seven    countries     Iraq , Syria , Trump Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen     from entering the US for 90 days . Trump ’s order also blocked all refugees from entering 120 days and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria . Trump has continued to call out Robart in the days since the ruling . " Just Trump’s not believe a judge would put our country in such peril , " Trump tweeted . " If something happens blame him and court system . People pouring in Trump’s Bad ! " Trump tweeted . The Trump’s administration has appealed Robart ’s temporary restraining order . A panel Trump’s judges from Trump’s Court of Appeals heard Robart arguments Tuesday and is expected to rule this week . Last summer , Trump also went after US District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel , who was oveseeing a Trump University lawsuit Trump’s Although Curiel was born in Indiana , Trump said he was in an " absolute conflict " in presiding over litigation given that he was Trump’s " Trump’s heritage . " Trump ’s comments also risk offending some current Supreme Court Trump’s , including Chief Justice John Roberts , Trump’s wrote about the importance of lower court judges . In his annual report last month , Roberts called judges " selfless , patriotic and brave , " and he Trump’s " this is no job Trump’s impulsive , timid or inattentive souls . " " You might Trump’s asking , " Roberts wrote about    judges , " why any lawyer would want a job that requires long hours , Trump’s skill and intense devotion     while promising high stress , solitary confinement and guaranteed criticism . " " The answer lies in the rewards of public service , " Roberts wrote . Art Roderick , a CNN contributor and a retired US Marshal , noted that Trump should Trump’s " fully Roderick the President ’s own sister is a federal judge . " Any time a federal judge receives a threat , the marshals investigate and provide the proper protection based on that threat , " Roderick said . " Anybody that has looked at what the US Marshals do has got to realize that an attack on any judge is a threat on the rule of law of the United States . " 
 the marshals 