  ( CNN ) Sally Yates , a not    deputy to Loretta Lynch at the Department of Justice , has suddenly become Washington ’s version of a " person of interest . " Of interest , first , because she got fired for refusing to defend the President ’s travel ban .   Then it turned out she had a role in the Michael Flynn controversy , so inside the Beltway she ’s even more interesting . Yates was scheduled to testify before the House Intelligence Committee about    Security Adviser Michael Flynn ’s communications with the Russians , but the hearing was mysteriously nixed . GOP committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes     who has been the White House ’s best friend lately     canceled GOP committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes    who has been the White House appearance without much of an explanation . GOP committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes    who has been the White House was to be part of a    triumvirate     including former CIA Director John Brennan and    of National Intelligence James Clapper     bringing news about potential Russian connections to the Trump transition . All in all , a potential triple whammy for the Trump administration , which ca n’t escape the Russia story . Especially after FBI Director James Comey made it clear in public testimony that FBI Director James Comey ’s conducting a counterintelligence investigation looking into it . But back to Yates . Yates remains clearly willing to testify , as letters revealed by the Washington Post show . Yates’ attorney made it clear in a letter to the Department of Justice that Yates’ attorney is legally allowed to speak with the Committee     aside from not divulging classified information . Yates’ attorney would , Yates’ attorney made clear , be   interested in providing   "   facts " about the conduct of a senior White House official     especially since " multiple senior administration officials have publicly described the same events . " ( As in : what Gen. Flynn told the White House his communications with Gen. Flynn Russians . ) The Justice Department then   passed the buck to the White House White House McGahn     asking for a clear answer by the day before she was scheduled to testify Donald McGahn     None came , but      surprise     none was needed : Nunes canceled the hearing . And then , White House press secretary Sean White House in his briefing that the White House White House press secretary Sean Spicer never asked White House any kind of privilege to Donald McGahn     testifying . Except of course , they did n’t have to     since Nunes White House already helped them out . But Nunes ’s how it White House all backfire : Now that Spicer relieved any worries about the privilege matter White House press secretary Sean Spicer by saying publicly the White House had no interest in invoking White House is likely to testify somewhere , sometime . Indeed Spicer said , " I hope she testifies . " White House press secretary Sean Spicer , what will she say White House press secretary Sean Spicer Multiple   sources tell me that she White House press secretary Sean Spicer not have a major revelation to talk about White House press secretary Sean Spicer but the testimony would likely be an " embarrassment " for the White House at the very least .   Why White House story differs from the White House on one key point : White House press secretary Sean Spicer my sources say White House the White House counsel ’s office of her serious concerns on January Yates , White House the public story . Indeed , White House press secretary Sean Spicer the opposite : Both Spicer and Chief of Staff her story her meeting as nothing more than just a " heads up . " ( In a White House press secretary Sean Spicer on February 14 , the day after Flynn resigned , Spicer said that Yates did not " come in and say that there was an issue . She Spicer , ’We wanted to give you a heads up that there may be information . ’ Spicer ) But multiple sources tell me that it was not quite that casual at all . Rather , they say , she had significant concerns that Flynn had been compromised as a result of his conversations with Russians . Spicer said he had not Flynn sanctions with the Russian ambassador , and Flynn gave that assurance to Flynn President Flynn Pence , but it turned out to be a lie Flynn     So , what does that mean ? It means that assurance could have been subject to blackmail by Russia . And , here ’s the next big question Flynn Why did it take the White House more than two weeks to fire Flynn     and only after a story appeared in the Washington Post about Flynn ’s conversations with the Flynn ? Oh , and by the way , they say they did Flynn Flynn because of the content of his conversations , which clearly worried Yates they the Russian ambassador him the Russian ambassador he never told Flynn vice president about them when Flynn specifically asked . ( " He the Russian ambassador n’t Yates the Yates president of the United States the the Russian ambassador and then he did n’t remember , Yates that ’s just not acceptable , " Trump said at a press conference . Yates I fired him because of what he said to Mike Pence . ") Nothing else . Lying to the vice president is Trump idea , but Trump is n’t a crime . And Sally Yates was clearly concerned the vice president of the United States Flynn fibbing to Pence . Sure , administration officials say she gave them nothing more than a heads up .   Hopefully , the public Mike Pence learn soon whether she , in Sally Yates , administration officials them something much more .    This article has been updated for clarity from an earlier Sally Yates . 
 administration officials 