On Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked Donald Trump for Donald Trump pitch to Republican and conservative voters who " might be holding out and ensuring a Clinton White House . " [ " Well , Alex , one of the things is the United States Supreme Court , " Donald Trump replied . " We ’re going to pick justices in the mold of Justice Scalia : conservative ,   . We ’re going to pick Second Amendment people , people that respect the Second Amendment . "   " We ’ve put out a list , all vetted by Federalist , the Federalist Society , highly recommended by all vetted by Federalist, the Federalist Society , " Donald Trump said . " all vetted by Federalist, the Federalist Society have a list of twenty judges , and all vetted by Federalist, the Federalist Society ’re putting twenty judges out , and a list of twenty judges has been unbelievably    because I wanted to make sure they twenty judges that , you know , all vetted by Federalist, the Federalist Society ’re putting out a very important list . Not that I ’d pick some liberal judge after they twenty judges me . "   " So I actually put out a list from which I will only pick . In other words , I will only pick one of these people given to us by the Federalist Society , and also Heritage , run by a great guy , Jim [ DeMint ] , " Trump promised . " So we us a list of great judges , and if for no other reason , that should be a reason , because it does n’t get talked about enough . " Marlow proposed that resistance to Clinton ’s    agenda was something else for reluctant conservative voters to consider .   Trump Trump and said the    speech in which Clinton Clinton stated her Clinton for hemispheric open borders and free trade was " incredible . " " I mention it every single speech , " he Trump . " She Clinton open borders , totally free trade . So you lose your businesses , and you lose your country if you do that . Absolutely . " Trump Trump made a commitment to repeal Obamacare , which he Trump a " disaster . " " We ’ve got to repeal or replace it a "disaster And we We do that with something so good , " he Trump . " Taxes , we talk about taxes are way too high . She Trump giving a tax increase , we ’re giving a tax decrease , " he Trump . " We talk about regulations . We We about the depleted military and how we We going to take care of the vets . We We gon na really take care of our the vets the first time , maybe ever . And she Trump n’t do that . She Trump the system is okay the way it is the system So she Trump got some really bad things . Saving our We Amendment , which is so important it ’s under siege . "   Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 