Washington ( CNN ) The White House does not have any immediate timeline for President Donald Trump ’s voter fraud investigation and the commission President Donald Trump’s was adamant about creating during President Donald Trump’s first few weeks in office , even as the administration approaches the end of the administration 100 days . The White House press secretary Sean Spicer told CNN that he White House press secretary Sean Spicer something on the the commission the " next week or two , but I do n’t want to get ahead of that . "   Spicer said White House press secretary Sean Spicer would not be an executive order ( as the President originally wanted ) and in lieu of that there would be a commission headed up by Vice President Mike Pence . Spicer did White House press secretary Sean Spicer that the vice president will still be " very involved " in the investigation . Another senior administration official said that the formation of the commission the commission not been a topic of a lot of conversation " in the White House , and said it was not something discussed recently with the vice president the vice president has repeatedly asserted , without providing any evidence , that three to five million people voted illegally for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election     similar to the margin of Clinton ’s popular vote victory Hillary Clinton Trump . " In addition Trump winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally , " he tweeted in late November Trump Trump was initially set to Trump an executive order looking into the alleged voter fraud on January 26 , a few days after taking office . Reporters and photographers were summoned to the West Wing to document the signing , but waited for about 30 minutes amid confusion from aides . At the time , Spicer said the President " got jammed up on some meetings that needed to occur " and that the order would be signed an executive order looking into the alleged voter fraud on January 26, a few days after taking office next day or two . In February , one aide said the President was waiting until    the President Sessions was confirmed as attorney general before launching an investigation . The President was asked about the claims the President March 22 during an interview with TIME about truth and falsehoods . He was asked about this disputed claim , the President he said he would " be proved right the President that the President too . " " We ’ll see after the committee . I have people say it was more than that . We will see after we have . But We will be , We are forming a committee . And we We going to the committee study on We , a very serious problem , " Trump a study the magazine . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in February that no federal money should be spent investigating voter fraud .   " There ’s no evidence that it occurred in such a significant number that would no federal money should be spent investigating voter fraud changed the presidential election , and I do n’t think we ought to spend any federal money investigating that , " the Kentucky Republican told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union . " After Trump reportedly told several senators in a February private White House meeting much of the fraud took place in New Hampshire , White House aide Stephen Miller repeated the claim on White House But many people in New Hampshire responded , voicing confusion and anger . Former New Hampshire Republican Party chairman Fergus Cullen took to Twitter to New Hampshire $ 1 , 000 reward for evidence of a single illegal vote in New Hampshire by someone coming from Massachusetts . He said no one New Hampshire evidence , and in an interview with Former New Hampshire Republican Party chairman Fergus Cullen ’s Brooke Baldwin , he blasted the White House ’s claim . " The idea that people Former New Hampshire Republican Party chairman Fergus Cullen coming to New Hampshire to commit fraud on a massive scale like this is just New Hampshire it needs to be called out as untrue , " Cullen said . The this Hampshire secretary of state ’s office said it had not received any complaints New Hampshire fraud . 
 The New Hampshire secretary of state’s office 