JERUSALEM   —    Israeli police investigators questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for three hours at Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu official residence on Monday evening on suspicion of receiving illicit gifts and favors from business executives . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was questioned " under caution , " Israeli police investigators said in a statement , implying that there were grounds to suspect that Mr. Netanyahu Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu committed a criminal offense . " No further details can be given at this stage , " the statement added a statement Ministry of Justice said late Monday that Mr. Netanyahu had Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by investigators from Lahav 433 , a police fraud investigation and prosecution unit , with the authorization of the attorney general , Avichai Mandelblit . In a detailed statement , the ministry described how the The Ministry of Justice gathered testimony from Mr. Netanyahu had been questioned by investigators from Lahav 433, a police fraud investigation and prosecution unit, with the authorization of the attorney general, Avichai Mandelblit witnesses , some abroad , and seized documents during a monthslong graft inquiry . While some aspects of the inquiry did not yield evidence of a monthslong graft inquiry the statement said , other parts warranted a detailed statement investigation . Mr. Netanyahu , who has been subject to police inquiries and investigations in the past that ended without charges , has vehemently denied any impropriety . " This will all come to nothing , because there is nothing , " he has said repeatedly of the latest accusations . Local news outlets say the investigators are focused on two separate cases , one more serious than the other , but they have offered little detail on the more serious Local news outlets . The less weighty one , according to reports in the newspaper Haaretz and other outlets , concerns favors for Mr. Netanyahu , and possibly for members of his family , given by Israeli and foreign business Mr. Netanyahu . The Israeli police took testimony from Ronald S. Lauder , a conservative American businessman and philanthropist , and a close friend of Mr. Netanyahu ’s , when he came to Israel Mr. Netanyahu September to attend the Mr. Netanyahu of Shimon Peres , the former prime minister and president . Upon Mr. Lauder ’s arrival in Israel , he was asked to meet with the Israeli Israel " Mr. Netanyahu respond to questions related to an investigation , to which Mr. Lauder is not a party , " Helena Beilin , a Tel    lawyer representing Mr. Lauder , said in a statement . " After a short meeting the following day , he was told that his presence was no longer needed Mr. Netanyahu that there would Mr. Netanyahu no need for additional meetings . This remains the case . " Mr. Netanyahu ’s office , suggesting that he is the victim of a witch hunt , issued Mr. Netanyahu’s statement over the weekend berating the news organizations for what it described as premature and politically motivated reports . " Try to replace the prime minister at the ballot boxes , as is accepted in democracies , " it added . In televised remarks on Monday afternoon , it Netanyahu told legislators from his conservative Likud Party in Mr. Netanyahu’s " We hear the Mr. Netanyahu’s spirit and winds blowing through the television studios and in the corridors of the opposition . " " Hold off the celebrations do n’t rush , " he added . " I ’ve told you before and will Mr. Netanyahu’s you again   —    this will come to nothing , because there is nothing . " Mr. Netanyahu is serving his third consecutive term in office , and his fourth over Mr. Netanyahu . He has exuded confidence lately , Mr. Netanyahu out at journalists who Mr. Netanyahu been critical of him , talking up Israel ’s diplomatic and economic achievements , Mr. Netanyahu calling in the United States ambassador to Israel , Daniel B. Shapiro , for a dressing down late Israel month after the Obama administration decided not to use its veto to shield Israel from a United Nations Security Council Israel that condemned Israeli Israel construction in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem . Mr. Netanyahu , generally a popular prime minister , has developed a combative relationship with the local mainstream news media . After years of tension with the Obama administration , he also appears buoyed by the prospect the Obama administration with    Donald J. Trump , who seems more sympathetic to Israeli government policies on issues like settlements . For Mr. Netanyahu ’s opponents , the prospect of a possible indictment has provided a glimmer of hope , even though elections are not scheduled until late 2019 . " This creates an unusual dynamic in Israeli politics , " said Nahum Barnea , a political columnist for the Israeli Yedioth Ahronoth and a Mr. Barnea that Netanyahu loyalists would try to promote legislation banning investigations of sitting prime ministers . Mr. Netanyahu’s the other , he said , the question of who might succeed Mr. Netanyahu , who has no natural heir in his party , was bound to be raised . Opposition leaders were Mr. Barnea subdued in their initial response . Isaac Herzog , the leader of the Zionist Union and of the opposition in Parliament , said it was " a tough day for Israel when Opposition leaders prime minister is Mr. Herzog ’s misfortune . " Mr. Herzog has also been the subject of police investigations over campaign funding . Yair Lapid , the leader of the centrist Yesh Atid party , which has challenged a prime minister in recent polls , said , " The presumption of innocence applies to every Israeli , including the prime minister . " He called for a swift investigation for the sake of the country , saying , " A person who is being investigated is a person under pressure . " Israeli prime ministers are not obligated to step down while under investigation , unless they the prime minister charged with a crime . Nonetheless , the accusations could chip away at Mr. Netanyahu ’s standing . His predecessor , Ehud Olmert , was forced from power in 2008 under the weight of police investigations and accusations of corruption , although Israeli prime ministers remained in office as a caretaker prime minister until early elections could be held in 2009 . In February Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Olmert became the first former Israeli prime minister to enter prison . He is serving a    term for bribery and obstruction Mr. Netanyahu justice . Mr. Netanyahu described Mr. Olmert in 2008 as a " prime minister up to his neck in investigations " and said he could not be trusted to make fateful decisions under Mr. Olmert circumstances because they might be based on personal rather than national interests Mr. Olmert the 1990s Mr. Olmert Netanyahu ’s political career has been dogged by inquiries into Mr. Olmert conduct , and that of people Mr. Olmert him , though no charges have been filed against him . The fateful decisions have ranged from scandals involving travel expenses and garden furniture   —    the Mr. Olmert of having switched a new set bought for the prime Mr. Olmert ’s official residence with an identical , Mr. Olmert set in their private home in Caesarea   Mr. Olmert    inquiries into his conduct more recent one involving a    deal with Germany for the acquisition of submarines . That agreement came under scrutiny after it became known that Mr. Netanyahu ’s personal lawyer also represents the Israeli agent of the German shipyard that builds the submarines , and other naval equipment purchased by Israel , giving rise to suspicion of a conflict of interest . In that episode , too , Mr. Netanyahu That agreement the lawyer , David Shimron , have denied any wrongdoing . Mr. Netanyahu ’s relationship with Arnaud Mimran , a French tycoon who was convicted of fraud last year , and who testified that he had contributed a large sum of money to Mr. Netanyahu for his 2009 election campaign , has also prompted suspicions of impropriety . 
 Mr. Netanyahu’s Mr. Netanyahu’s Mr. Netanyahu’s 