’   ’ ’    Dr. Peter Mansoor , the    man to Gen. David Petraeus    during the Iraq War , says Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War would never serve in the Trump    administration under any circumstances . ’ ’    Mansoor , a former Army colonel who now teaches military history    at Ohio State University , told Business Insider in a phone    interview that while Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War is willing to give the      the benefit of the doubt initially , Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War remains firm in Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War stance    as a    . ’ ’    " I was ’’ Never Trump ’’ before and the election has not changed that    stance , " said Mansoor , the former executive officer and top    advisor for Petraeus during the Iraq ’’ Surge . ’’ " Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War has said too    many things that eat away at my ethical and moral foundation that    would enable me to serve under Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War . " ’ "    To be clear , Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War has n’t been asked to serve in the Trump    White House . But it ’s an interesting admission to outright reject    any such offer , since the next president will surely be calling    on people to serve in top positions within the next president cabinet and    the Pentagon   —    which would certainly be bolstered by Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War having served as an Army officer for 26    years . " ’    Interestingly ,   who like Mansoor and    Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War than 100 national security experts signed an open letter    opposing Trump in March , said he would consider Dr. Peter Mansoor, the   man to Gen. David Petraeus   during the Iraq War an offer ,    rationalizing it    serving    office of the President , rather    than the man . ’ ’    " I would very seriously consider a request to serve in the Trump    administration , " Michael Auslin , director of Japan Studies    at the American Enterprise Institute and author of the    forthcoming book " , " told Business    Insider , because " at some point politics ends and policy    begins . It ’s up to Trump himself to make that transition    from politics to policy . " ’ ’    Mansoor does not hold that same view . ’ ’   ’ ’    " That ’s [ Auslin’ ’s ] prerogative to do it for what he    perceives Mansoor be the good of the country , " Mansoor said . Mansoor " But    think for the good of the good of the country hold    the country    the language they use on the campaign    trail and candidates Donald Trump’ ’s ] went beyond the pale . " ’ ’    Now that Trump has Trump   to prominent positions within the Pentagon . And    The Daily Beast   could have    trouble filling spots in the national security bureaucracy ,    citing similar concerns voiced by Never    Republicans . ’ ’    But Mansoor , despite    reluctance to serve , believes that in    the end there will be little problem finding Mansoor candidates . ’ ’    " I    they ’ll be able to find people . You might debate their    qualifications and we ’ll willing candidates their performance once they ’re in    place . But willing candidates    that he ca n’t staff their   qualifications administration , their   qualifications that ’s    unfounded concern , " he said . " The concern he over the    quality of people that they will get he " ’ "    He also added that    —    around 150 people Republican national security experts and officials   —    probably    would n’t get an invitation anyway . " ’    " I think anyone who signed that letter should n’t be under any    illusions that they ’re gon na be offered anything in a Trump    administration , "    said . anyone who signed that letter 
 