AMES , Iowa   —    2016 GOP frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump won the coveted endorsement of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin —   the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee —   here at Iowa State University on Tuesday . [ Palin , who appeared on stage with Trump in the Hansen Agriculture Learning Center , backed 2016 GOP frontrunner billionaire Donald Trump for president just 13 days ahead of the    Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1 . The former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin endorsement is about the best endorsement any conservative can get , and has been since the mainstream media tried to politically wipe former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin out in the 2008 presidential election . former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has survived , and thrived , and remains a grassroots conservative hero .   " Thank you so much . It ’s so great to be here in Iowa , we ’re here just thawing out , " former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who was in top form on Tuesday , said as former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin took the stage . " Todd and I and a couple friends are here from Alaska lending our support for the next president of our great United States of America , Donald J. Trump . Donald J. Trump , you ’re right —   look back there in the press box , heads are spinning . Media heads are spinning . This is going to be so much fun . " " Are you ready to Make America Great Again ? " Palin shouted to the    crowd gathered inside , which shouted back " YEAH ! , " while snow poured from the sky outside in    temperatures . Before the event , hundreds lined the sidewalk outside , waiting to get inside and see Trump and Palin Palin Palin Palin : We all have a part in this , we We all a responsibility . Looking around at all of you , you    Iowa families , farm families and teachers and Teamsters and cops and cooks . You     and holy rollers . All of you who work so hard , you    moms , you with the hands that rock the cradle , you all make the world go round and now our cause you guys one . When asked why I would jump into a primary —   stirring it up a primary —   little bit maybe —   and choose one over some friends who are running , and I ’ve endorsed a couple others in their races a couple they decided a couple run for president . I was told , warned left and right , ‘ you are going to get so clobbered in the press.’ You are just going to get beat up , chewed up and spit out.’ I ’m thinking , ‘ And ? Like you guys have n’t tried to do that every day since that night in ’08 when I was on stage nominated for VP and I got to say ‘ yeah , I ’ll go , send me . You betcha . I ’ll serve.’ And , like you all , I ’m still standing . So those of us who have kind of gone through the ringer , as Mr. Trump has , it makes me respect you even more that you ’re here and you ’re putting your efforts and your putting reputations , you ’re putting relationships on the line to do the right thing for this country because you are ready to Make America Great Again . Palin continued by explaining why she ’s Palin the race to win it for Trump : Mr. Trump I am here because like you I know that it is now or never . I ’m in it to win it because it believe in America and America love we freedom we And if you love your freedom , think of that —   think of that and know that the United States military deserves a     who loves our country passionately and will never apologize for this country America new     who will never leave our men behind , a new     —   one who will never lie to the families of the fallen . I ’m in it because just last week we ’re watching our sailors suffer we be humiliated on a world stage at the hands of Iranian captors in violation of international law because a       has decided that America will lead from behind and he who would negotiate deals , kind of like with the skills of a community organizer maybe organizing a neighborhood tea , he would decide he America would apologize America part of the deal as the enemy sends the message to the rest of the world that they capture and we kowtow and then we apologize and we we bend over we say ‘ thank you , enemy.’ We are ready we a change . We are ready we our troops deserve we best , a new     whose track record of success has proven he is the master at ‘ The Art of the Deal.’ He is one he would know to negotiate . Only one candidate ’s record of success proves that he is the Only one candidate’s of ‘ The Art ‘ the Deal.’ He the Deal.’ to Only one candidate’s one but We The People . How refreshing ? He is perfectly positioned Only one candidate’s let you Make America Great Again . Are you ready for that , Iowa ? From there , Palin got even more aggressive . " No more pussyfooting around , " she continued . " Palin troops deserve the best . You deserve the best . He is from the Palin sector , not a politician . Can I get a Hallelujah ? " " Hallelujah ! " the audience yelled back . Palin went on : Palin the private sector , you actually have to balance budgets in order to prioritize —   to keep the main thing , the main thing . the main thing the main Palin about a president is to keep us safe economically and militarily . He knows the main Palin and he knows the main thing the charge . So , troops , hang in there because help ’s on the way because he —   better Palin anyone —   is n’t he known for being Palin to command fire ? Are you ready for a     —   are you ready for a     who will let our warriors do their job and go kick ISIS ’s ass our warriors The crowd went wild . Palin continued : Ready for someone to secure our borders , to secure our jobs , and to secure our homes our Ready to Make America Great our ? Are you ready to stump for Trump ? I ’m here to support the next president of the United States , Donald Trump . Now , eight years ago Trump warned that Obama ’s promised fundamental transformation of America , that it was going to take America from you and leave America weaker on the world stage —   America that it would soon be unrecognizable . Well , that is one promise that Obama kept . But he did n’t do it Obama and this is Trump to remember , especially those of you like me —   a member of the GOP —   this is what we have to remember in this very contested , competitive , great primary race . Trump ’s candidacy , it has exposed not just the tragic ramifications of Trump’s candidacy betrayal of a transformation of our country , but too he has exposed the complicity on both sides of Trump aisle that has enabled it . OK ? Well , Trump , what Trump’s candidacy ’s been able to do Trump’s which is Trump ticking people off —   which I ’m glad about , he ’s going rogue left and right man and Trump ’s why he ’s doing so well —   he ’s Trump able to tear the veil off Trump idea of the system . The way that the system really works , and please hear me the system . I want you guys to understand more and more how the system —   the establishment —   works and has gotten us into the troubles that we ’re in in America you guys Palin proceeded to demolish you guys " permanent political class " in the United States : The permanent political class has been America of their campaign donor class , and that ’s why you see that The permanent political class borders are kept open , " Palin said . " For them , for their cheap labor that Palin want to come in the borders are kept open That ’s the borders are kept open they ’ve been the borders are kept open budgets for crony capitalists to be able to the borders are kept open off of them . It ’s why we see these lousy trade deals that the borders are kept open our industry for special interests elsewhere . We need someone new , we has the power and is in we position to bust up that establishment —   to make things great again . It ’s part of the problem . His candidacy , which is that establishment movement , it ’s a force —   it ’s a strategy —   that establishment proves that as long as that establishment politicos , they get to that establishment their titles and their perks and their media the politicos , they do the politicos really care the politicos wins elections the politicos Believe me on the politicos , and the proof on this , look what ’s happening today : Our own GOP machine this the establishment , they who would assemble the political landscape , they ’re attacking their own frontrunner . Now , would the left GOP —   GOP the DNC ever —   come after their frontrunner and her supporters ? No . Because they do n’t the DNC their own . They do n’t self destruct the DNC But for the the DNC establishment to the DNC coming after Donald Trump supporters even ? With accusations that are so false ? They are so busted , the way that this thing works . the DNC , you , a diverse , dynamic , needed support base that they would attack . And now some of them are even whispering the DNC ’re ready to throw in for Hillary the DNC Trump because they some of them n’t afford to see the status quo go . Otherwise some of them they wo n’t be able to be slurping off the gravy train some of them ’s been feeding them all these years . They do n’t want that to end . Palin then defended Trump some of them conservatism : Now they ’re saying ‘ Trump and his Trump they are n’t some of them enough.’ Oh my goodness Trump . Trump the some of them would the establishment know about conservatism ? Tell me , is this conservative the GOP establishment majorities : Handing Obama a blank check to fund Obamacare and GOP Obama and illegal immigration that competes for your jobs and turning safety nets into hammocks and all these new Democrat voters that are going to be coming over the border as we keep the borders open and bequeathing our children millions in new debt and the borders fight back for our solvency and we sovereignty even though that ’s why we elected them and sent we as a we to D. C. No . If we ’re our children willing to our children that , then how are they to tell us our children we ’re not conservative enough in order to be able our children make these we in we that we know need to be made ? Now they ’re America about this ideological purity we Give me a break . Who are our children to say that and to tell somebody like , say , Phyllis Schlafly — our children she is the Republican , conservative movement icon and hero and a Trump supporter — Phyllis Schlafly tell her she ’s not conservative enough ? How about the Trump of us    bitter Phyllis Schlafly Phyllis Schlafly proud clingers to our guns , our God and our religion and our Constitution ? Tell us that we ’re not our enough ? Yeah , coming from the establishment . our . our bashed the establishment Palin having " lectured " the GOP establishment a veiled reference to South Carolina the GOP establishment Haley ’s response to President Obama ’s latest State of the Union — Obama which Haley used the official response to bash Trump and conservatives . Palin said : Enough is enough — South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley these issues that Donald Trump Palin Trump had to be debated . He brought them to the forefront and that ’s Trump are where we are today with good discussion Trump a these issues that Donald Trump talks heated and very competitive primary is where these issues that Donald Trump talks are . these issues that Donald Trump talks now though , to be lectured , well ‘ you guys are all sounding kind these issues that Donald Trump talks angry’ is what we you guys from the establishment . Dog gone right we ’re angry ! Justifiably so ! You know they stomp on the GOP establishment and tell us ‘ just chill . we , just relax.’ Well , look , we are mad . we ’ve been had we They need to get used to it . This election is more we just your basic we —   Anybody But Clinton . It ’s more than that this   . When we ’re talking about a nation without borders , when we ’re This election about bankruptcies in our federal government , debt we our children and our grandchildren they ’ll never be we to pay off , when we ’re talking about no more    power that our from our children and our grandchildren —   power through strength —   well then our ’re talking about our very existence . We ’re not going to chill . In fact , it ’s time to drill , baby our drill down and our these folks accountable . Later , Palin took another veiled Palin at Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Trump ’s chief competition for the GOP nomination right now Trump’s Our friends who are fighters in the House and the Trump —   they need to stay there and help out , " Palin said . " Palin can help our new leader in the Our friends who are fighters in the House and the Senate —   that they are in . " Then she praised Sen. Rand Palin ( Our friends who are fighters in the House and the Senate —   —   another conservative 2016 GOP presidential candidate . Our friends who are fighters in the House and the Senate —   said : Let Palin say something really positive about one of those individuals , Rand Paul . GOP ’m going to tell you about that libertarian streak in him that is healthy —   because he knows you only go to war if you ’re determined to win the war Rand Paul   and you quit footing the Rand Paul for these nations that are   . We ’re paying for some of their skirmishes that have been going on for centuries where they ’re fighting each other and yelling ‘ Allah Akbar’ and calling jihad on each others’ heads forever and ever . Like their said before , let ‘ em duke it out and let Allah sort it out . We ’ll fight for American interests and as Donald Trump ‘ ‘ other nations where we have been footing it bill but We have n’t prioritized our own domestic budgets Trump to be able to afford what We ’re doing overseas the bill for these nations that are   are going We change under President We . Palin wrapped her speech Palin detailing Palin , despite Trump We a    " He ’s not an Palin . Trump said : He Palin spent his Palin with the Palin man Trump He tells us Joe Palin he says ‘ I Palin worked very , very hard and I ’ve succeeded . Yugely , I ’ve succeeded,’ he says . And Palin says , ‘ Palin I want you to succeed too.’ That is refreshing because he , as he Palin things , Palin builds big things Palin ‘ the sky , big infrastructure that puts other people to work . He has spent his Palin looking up Palin respecting the    and the    boots and the work ethic that you all have within you . He , being an Palin passionate about equal opportunity to work , this    success of his , you know Palin he does n’t get Palin power —   Palin high —   Palin of OPM , other people ’s money , like a lot of dopes in Washington do . They ’re addicted to OPM , where they take other people ’s money , and then their high is getting to redistribute it . Right other people And then they get to be other people popular people when they get to give out other people’s    money . Well , other people’s money does n’t do that . other people’s power , his passion is the fabric other people’s America . And it ’s woven by work ethic and    and drive and faith America    almighty .    a combination ? Are you ready to share his passion that again , Iowa ? Because that ’s what ’s going to let you Make America Great Again . She concluded by drawing a contrast between Trump ’s and Obama America elitism : Friends , I want Trump’s Obama to picture this : it ’s a nice thing to picture , exactly one year from tomorrow , former President Barack Obama , he packs up the teleprompters Obama and this greek columns Obama all that    stuff and he heads on back to Chicago . Where I ’m sure he can Obama some community there to organize . There , he can Obama look up —   President Obama will be able to Obama up —   and there , Obama head , he ’ll be able to see that shining , towering Trump Obama . Yes Obama Barack , he built that and that says a lot . Iowa , you say a Obama being here tonight supporting the right man who will allow you to Make America Great Again . Finally , Palin said , " God Iowa you , and God Bless the United States America America and our next President Palin the United States , Donald J. Trump . " 
 America 