The artist Pedro Reyes is a biting social critic whose pieces often hold out hope   —    in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary   —    that things will get better . In " Palas por Pistolas " ( " Shovels for Guns " ) in 2008 , The artist Pedro Reyes set up a program that allowed residents of Culiacán , Mexico , a city devastated by shootings , to trade in residents of Culiacán, Mexico, a city devastated by shootings guns for food stamps or household appliances their guns , more than 1 , 500 of residents of Culiacán, Mexico, a city devastated by shootings , were melted down and turned into shovels . In a 2013 work with similar implications for good but a much higher threshold for rethinking , The artist Pedro Reyes came up with the    a burger made with plentiful , crunchy grasshopper protein instead of beef . But when The artist Pedro Reyes and the New York public art organization Creative Time began discussing a piece to coincide with the homestretch of the American presidential campaign , Mr. Reyes settled on an idea that allowed little in the way of light : the professional haunted house , an essentially American creation ( by way of Grand Guignol and Victorian ghostiana ) for generating shock and fear . " The haunted house has never really been considered an art form , but it The haunted house a true folk art   —    every town has one at Halloween , " said Mr. Reyes , whose own version , " Doomocracy , " opens Friday within the sprawling Brooklyn Army Terminal in the Sunset Park neighborhood . " Haunted houses do n’t have a narrative or make sense . You ’re there to be terrified , to be a masochist . So those are the limits I decided to work within for this . " Or , as Nato Thompson , Creative Time ’s artistic director , puts it : " We sometimes joke that this is a      where no matter which path you choose you always die . " If that seems like a bleak metaphor for Clinton vs. Trump   —    or " Brexit , " or the failed Syrian    or the surprise electoral defeat of the Colombian peace plan or any number of world political morasses   —    it well could be . " The strange thing about this project is that the worse things are in the news , the better it is for us , " Mr. Reyes , 44 , said early this week in Brooklyn , preparing for final    with a group of nearly 50 actors , under the direction of Meghan Finn , who will play all manner of ghouls   —    business executives , police officers , poll workers , drone pilots , overprescribing doctors   —    within the haunted house . But Mr. Reyes added that the the haunted house    fright scenarios are less about the failures of political leaders and more about systems at work in the world economy   —    the military complex , the financial industry , the gun industry , the    industry and Big Pharma , just to name some headliners   —    that have become so vast they seem some headliners   govern themselves , some headliners   political control almost ineffectual . And making satire a tall order . For example , one room of " Doomocracy " ( through Nov. 6 , groups of a dozen will be led through the rooms at timed intervals beginning at 6 p. m. ) is a cozy , profoundly creepy funeral home , presided over by an    undertaker who explains that the home specializes in coffins made in the shape of the    item most loved by the deceased . A    coffin in the shape of a    Twinkie dominated the room on a recent visit . And during a rehearsal in September , an actor tinkled the organ keys , intoning earnestly : " I ’d like to think that in the afterlife , kids can taste their coffins kids they ’re kids , " enjoying " the milkshake coffin , the fried chicken coffin " and many other available flavors . Then he crooned an actor " Every kid wants a candy coffin . " In the interest of avoiding spoilers ( something a    reporter rarely has to worry about ) some of the scenarios in the piece are probably best undescribed . But it might the piece an idea of the range of topical phantasmagoria to say that one room involves cheerleaders singing about abortion . Another features a kind of Tupperware party for handguns . ( " I think for a lot of liberal people who have never been around guns , it ’s going to be a pretty tense situation , " Mr. Reyes said . ) There will be a classroom presided over by a racially    computer avatar spouting corporate    through a large computer screen   —    " I Googled ‘ classroom of the future,’ and that ’s pretty much what it looked like , " Mr. Reyes Mr. Reyes —    and a fake cocktail party hosted by a rich couple who are having their own spaceship built . " They just have their much money that they ’re into their space rockets , " said Mr. Reyes , a compact , bespectacled man who comes off in person like a philosophy professor moonlighting as a    comedy host . " They asked Zaha their to design their spaceship , their then she died , Zaha Hadid of course they got Frank their , who ’s done most of their houses . their Ms. Finn , who once directed a play that took place inside a New York City taxi and along the streets it traversed , a New York City taxi that compared even with those logistical challenges , Mr. Reyes ’s project " is crazy , totally nuts   —    in the best possible way . " The actors will have to repeat their parts , The actors by the playwright Paul Hufker   —    some of them highly emotional The actors physically demanding   —    40 times over the course of a night . " When I enlisted people to be in this , I told them that it people going to be an act of political rigor , " Ms. Finn said . " It really is endurance performance . " Katie Hollander , Creative Time ’s executive director , said that the organization had n’t planned earlier in the year to present a major fall piece . But when Mr. Reyes proposed a "   haunted house , " she said , Ms. Finn the idea stuck with us , and as the political climate became more and more terrifying to a certain extent , it just became the idea and more relevant , and we knew that us time this had to happen was now . So we jumped from us frying pan into the fire . It ’s not the idea usual thing for us to do us of this complexity in such a short period of time . " The Army Terminal , once the largest military supply base in the United States and now a center for light manufacturing , plays a starring role itself . Its towering main a starring role itself , punctuated by concrete balconies once used for transfer of wartime supplies from train to ship , looks like a dystopian backdrop from " Brazil " or " Metropolis . " And the terminal ’s    emptiness will contribute , Mr. Reyes said , to a sense of isolation almost impossible to find in the city . " It ’s really pretty freaky here at night . " Especially against the backdrop of this election , Mr. Thompson said , the project made a kind of perverse sense in 2016 , the centennial of the birth of the Dada art movement . " I think that ’s the kind of moment we ’re in , " he said . Mr. Thompson It seems like a joke but the joke is a joke funny at all . " Mr. Reyes acknowledged that the piece would probably be received far differently were it presented in suburban the piece or rural Tennessee he knows he is Mr. Reyes mostly Mr. Reyes a choir of liberal art lovers who oppose many of the    demons he holds up to Mr. Reyes . " But I still very much hope I can offend at least a few people , " he said . " Mr. Reyes it ’s going to be so intense that I think people are going to be shaken and pretty worn out after the hour they ’re inside . people Which might be worth something in itself . " This piece ’s inner logic is n’t about hope , but that does n’t mean that I ’ve lost hope in art ’s ability to help change things , " Mr. Reyes said . " I still think it ’s crucial to keep a critical muscle that mocks the motivations of the system   —    to say , ‘ Why are we doing this?’ and to say , ‘ This is crazy . ’ " 
 