Several dozen demonstrators gathered outside the West Hollywood Sheriff ’s Station on Thursday evening to protest Mayor Lindsey Horvath ’s attempt to ban Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump from speaking in town . [ Mayor Lindsey Horvath argued on CNN earlier this week that Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump political speech is " hate speech , " not constitutionally protected free speech . She also defended her She to city staff to refuse issuing events permits to the Trump Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , saying that it was well within her She to do so in the name of " diversity . "   On Thursday , about fifty demonstrators   —    including many from the large local LGBT community rejected Horvath ’s stance as a violation of the First Amendment freedoms of speech and assembly .   Jake Lee , 46 , a West Hollywood native who organized the rally , told Breitbart News : " Mayor Lindsey Horavath took it Mayor Lindsey Horavath herself Mayor Lindsey Horavath ban Donald Trump from West Hollywod and that aggravated me . " He Mayor Lindsey Horavath he Mayor Lindsey Horavath been an independent and Libertarian his Mayor Lindsey Horavath life , but only recently changed his Mayor Lindsey Horavath to Republican so he Mayor Lindsey Horavath vote for Trump Donald Trump the California primary June 7 . He Mayor Lindsey Horavath that he Mayor Lindsey Horavath " forced to vote for [ Mitt ] Romney in the last election . " Lee , who is married ( to a woman ) and has a young daughter , added , " I ’ve seen a lot of my gay friends throughout the years struggle to come out and tell the world who they are . " Protesters held up    Trump signs adorned with the emblematic gay ride rainbow . One young man walked by and exclaimed in a surprised tone : " Oh , I guess there are gay people who support Trump   Trump " Lee added that " conservative gay friends of mine are terrified and they conservative gay friends of mine living in fear in their conservative gay friends of mine city . They conservative gay friends of mine shot down , shut out and afraid of being blackballed and blacklisted by their conservative gay friends of mine . It ’s terrible . " He Lee that America is " ready for a businessman , " and that watching The Apprentice changed his The Apprentice of Trump for the better . " I know staunch conservatives feel that Trump Trump not a true conservative , but looking at the way that he Trump the show in the board room completely displayed so many conservative principles : You work hard , you move up the ladder . You do n’t work hard , you get fired . " Ryan Stires , a gay man who resides in West Hollywood told Breitbart News " I ’m a fiscally conservative , socially liberal Orange County Republican . And Trump Trump very much the same values as I do in regards to being fiscally conservative . " Stires is an executive for Rally Life , a health and wellness company that provides    IV hydration to clients . He described it as the Uber of medical care . There were some divided households represented on Thursday evening as well . A Matteo said that while he He voting for Trump , his He is likely going to vote for Hillary Clinton . Matteo suggested his wife wants to see the first female president . " She reads the his wife " Matteo said of his wife . " And the his wife loves Hillary Clinton . Matteo Several    Matteo his wife    who were either the newspaper or Hillary Clinton views of Trump . One discussion involved a debate    Islamic law , or sharia . Trump Clardy , 70 , an American veteran , told Breitbart News he is voting for Trump due to his support for veterans and his promise to curb the nation Breitbart illegal immigration problem . " If Breitbart can do these two Breitbart , everything else will fall into place . Trump needs to build a wall and get rid of illegal aliens , " Trump said . " He ’s spending his own money . All these other candidates are n’t spending Trump own money Trump " Clardy added .   Stephen Brenes , 42 , told Breitbart News : All these other candidates I ’m an American Clardy that loves Donald Trump because he loves this county . He ’s the only one that Trump American citizen Trump " Brenes said he Trump Catholic , and was born in Nicaragua before his family legally came to America when he was Brenes years old . " I ’m a registered Independent Brenes I disowned the Republican Party because Brenes the establishment . They do n’t represent the American citizen , " he said . Only registered Republicans can vote for Trump the Republican Party June 7 in the " closed " California Brenes presidential primary .   Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz . 
 