Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has made clear President Donald Trump ’s winnowed down President Donald Trump list of potential Supreme Court nominees     and may be days away from making the announcement .   President Donald Trump said on the campaign trail that he President Donald Trump look at judges William Pryor and Diane Sykes as top contenders , and has touted his President Donald Trump of 20 possible choices from conservative legal circles . Sources close to the search say as things stand now , Judge Neil Gorsuch has emerged on top of the list as well as Judge Thomas Hardiman .   The President will discuss the Supreme Court vacancy Tuesday afternoon with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , and the leaders of the Judiciary Committee , McConnell announced . " I appreciate the The President our advice Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, and the leaders of the Judiciary Committee this important matter , " McConnell said McConnell However , Trump may have already made his choice Trump " I think in my mind I know who it is , " Trump said Trump a luncheon at his hotel Trump with Republicans , according to cell phone video of the event obtained by CNN . " I think you ’re going to be very , very excited . " In recent weeks , the search has intensified as lawyers and outside groups have joined the effort pouring through legal briefs , opinions , articles and congressional transcripts .   The decision will all come down to a calculation by top staff weighing the judge and the current court against a series of factors including his or her record , age and background .   A look at four of those on the top of the list reveal arguments that Trump will weigh both for and against .   William Pryor , Trump knows Trump for example , that if he picks William Pryor , William Pryor is William Pryor for a fight with Senate Democrats . Pryor sits William Pryor the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals and he is William Pryor dream candidate for many conservatives . He ’s William Pryor Roe v. Wade , the Supreme Court the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals abortion , an " abomination . " He ’s William Pryor committed member of the Federalist Society , and in the mold of the late Justice Antonin Scalia , believes that the Constitution should be interpreted based on its original public the Constitution .   " I am a conservative , and I believe in the strict separation of governmental powers , " Pryor wrote in 1997 when he was attorney Pryor of Alabama . " Courts should not resolve political problems . "   Pryor has faced Pryor Senate gauntlet before . In 2004 , Democrats blocked his confirmation to Pryor appellate court , and it was only in June 2005 that he was officially Pryor by a vote of   .   But despite Pryor ’s record Pryor conservatives have questioned an opinion he joined that they Pryor as expanding some conservatives rights . Neil Gorsuch , Gorsuch , who sits on the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals , based in Colorado , has never called Roe an abomination . In fact , he ’s never had Pryor occasion to write an opinion addressing Roe .   That might disappoint some who want to make sure that he would n’t surprise Pryor on the issue .   But he ’s become a Pryor candidate in part because of his opinions on religious Pryor including one he joined siding with Pryor held corporations who believed that the    contraceptive mandate of Obamacare violated their religious beliefs .   And on more than one occasion , he ’s aligned himself Pryor Scalia . Pryor the weeks after Scalia ’s death last Scalia , Gorsuch gave a talk emphasizing that " the great project of Justice Scalia ’s career was to remind us of the differences between judges and legislators . "   Trump might conclude that Gorsuch could sidestep a Gorsuch fight in Congress .   Or not . Liberals are still seething mad that Republican senators failed to hold hearings for former President Barack Obama ’s nominee , Merrick Garland , and could take it out on Gorsuch , or anyone Gorsuch Trump picks . " Trump of us who believe that Merrick Garland was improperly denied a vote and also recognize that the majority of the American people voted for Hillary Clinton are going to refuse a nominee who moves the court in such a a right wing direction , " said Caroline Fredrickson of the American Constitution Society . It is unclear if progressives would accept any of Trump ’s nominees that have been a part of his current list . Trump’s Sykes , Sykes hails from Wisconsin , a critical state during the last election and home to Trump ’s Chief of Trump’s Priebus . A former journalist , she flexed her interviewing skills A former journalist 2013 A former journalist sitting down with Justice Clarence Thomas for a talk to discuss his jurisprudence . She won Justice Clarence Thomas the room A former journalist the event     hosted by the Federalist Society     for showcasing Thomas’ personality in an interview that at times brought down the house .   Just last week Sykes issued an opinion striking three provisions of Chicago regulations meant to govern shooting ranges . It was a follow up opinion from one she penned in 2011 that Sykes Chicago ’s ban on firing Chicago city limits . Both opinions are peppered with references to Scalia ’s landmark Second Amendment opinion , District of Columbia v. Heller .   Sykes would bring another woman to the Court . She would be the fifth woman another woman named , the second from a Republican candidate . But   Trump could calculate that it would make more sense to Trump her for the seat of Justice another woman Bader Ginsburg should she ever retire . Sykes is another woman 59 years old Sykes and some court watchers think that Trump might prefer someone younger . Trump Hardiman , Hardiman of the Hardiman a decade younger at 51 and offers Trump a compelling personal story . Trump Hardiman hails from a blue collar family in Massachusetts and was the first in his family to graduate from college , driving a cab to help pay his bills . a blue collar family in Massachusetts not product of the Ivy League having attended Notre Dame and Hardiman .   Hardiman close to him think that Trump might appreciate Hardiman ’s dry Trump and the fact that while he Hardiman persuasive he does n’t take Hardiman room .   Like Sykes , Hardiman referred Hardiman Heller several Hardiman in a dissent he penned in 2013 in a case concerning Hardiman licenses .   The opposition of Hardiman has Hardiman relatively muted and Ian Millhiser of the progressive Think Progress has written that he Hardiman " one of the more ideologically enigmatic names on Trump ’s list . " Such Hardiman sentiment could scare away conservatives who do not want a dark horse candidate .   Conservatives believe that George H. W. Bush missed an opportunity to shape the court when he named a relative unknown     David Souter     to the bench . Rather than helping create a George H. W. Bush legacy , Souter became a reliable vote for the left . Some might question whether Hardiman has a robust enough record to scour and get Republicans excited .   If Trump needed a personal reference , however , he ’d only need to reach out to his sister , Judge Maryanne Trump Barry , who sits Trump the same appellate bench . 
 Trump 