’   ’ "    WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Republicans on Sunday defended Republicans on Sunday party    against Democratic complaints that Congress is being forced to    consider nominees for Donald Trump ’s administration without    completed ethics reviews . " ’    " All of these little procedural complaints are related to All of these little procedural complaints    frustration in having not only lost the White House , but having    lost the Senate , " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on    CBS ’’ " Face the Nation . " ’ ’    " I understand that , " "Face the Nation added , " but we need to sort of grow up    here and get past that . " ’ ’    At issue is whether    —    in some cases    millionaires and billionaires with complex personal finances   —      would face conflicts of interest when it comes to overseeing    taxpayer spending . ’ "    The   in some cases the office    has n’t received even draft financial disclosure reports for    nominees appearing before Congress this week . On Wednesday alone ,    at least nine Trump nominees are scheduled for confirmation    hearings . " ’’ ’    McConnell suggested the complaints amounted to sour grapes from a    party that did poorly in the 2016 congressional and presidential    elections . The Kentucky Republican noted that Republicans were in    the same boat eight years ago when Republicans had to swiftly confirm    multiple nominees who he described as " wildly liberal . " ’ ’    But the director of the Office of Government Ethics , Walter    Shaub , said the Republican management of the confirmation    hearings is unusual considering that that in some cases , the    office had not received even initial draft financial disclosure    reports from Trump nominees . ’ ’    " I am not aware of any occasion in the four decades since OGE was    established when the Senate held a confirmation hearing before    the nominee had completed the ethics review process , " wrote    Shaub . ’ ’    Reince Priebus , Trump’ ’s incoming chief of staff , rejected any    suggestion that Republicans should slow down . In an interview on    " Fox News Sunday , " Priebus said Democrats " have all the    information " Democrats need and should move fast because voters    mandated it . ’ ’    " Change was voted for and change we will get , " he said . ’ ’    Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer ,   . Y. said the ethics    review is aimed at ensuring wealthy Cabinet members work for the    American people instead of " wealthy Cabinet members own bottom line , and that wealthy Cabinet members    plan to fully comply with the law . " ’ 
 