  ( CNN ) Democratic senators sharply criticized President Donald Trump ’s decision to fire FBI director James Comey on Tuesday , with some calling for a special prosecutor to investigate Russian meddling into the 2016 US election and any connection to President Donald Trump’s aides . " Mr. President Donald Trump’s with all due respect , you are making a big mistake , " Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer told reporters he told Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer when President Donald Trump’s President President Donald Trump’s earlier . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer added that Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ’s time Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer a special prosecutor to lead an investigation and that " this investigation must an investigation as far away as possible from this White House . " Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee , said Tuesday evening that he wanted the Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer panel to hear Senate Comey as part of its investigation into alleged the Senate panel interference in the 2016 elections and questions about potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign .   " I still want him to come Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer testify , even as former FBI director , " Warner said in an interview on CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront . " Describing Trump ’s move as " outrageous , " Warner issued a call Warner public servants and legislators to stand against overreach he compared to the Nixon era . " What happened during the Nixon period , there Nixon people of principle who stood up against some of    ( Richard ) Nixon ’s actions , Nixon Warner said . " Warner ’m hoping in the coming days that we ’ll see either out of the administration , and frankly from a lot of my colleagues , a willingness to rise above partisanship . " Other prominent Democrats across Washington cited Nixon ’s behavior more (Richard) Nixon’s years ago to describe Trump ’s decision to sack Comey following the recommendation of the attorney general and deputy attorney general . " This is Nixonian , " Pennsylvania Democratic Sen. Bob Casey said in a statement . " Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein must immediately appoint a special counsel to continue the    investigation . " Casey cited Comey ’s testimony Pennsylvania Democratic Sen. Bob Casey week Comey Congress where he confirmed the Department of Comey ’s investigation of Russian meddling included " investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether Russia coordination . " " We are careening ever closer to a Constitutional crisis , and this development only underscores why we must appoint a special prosecutor to We investigate any dealings the Trump campaign or administration the Trump campaign and the Russian government said Sen. Ed Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat , in a statement . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi called for " an independent , bipartisan commission " following Comey ’s firing . " The President ’s sudden and brazen firing of the FBI Director raises the ghosts of some of the worst Executive Branch abuses , " Pelosi said in a statement . " We can not stand House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and watch a coverup of the possible collusion with a hostile foreign power to undermine American democracy . " RELATED : 10 things we learned from FBI Director James Comey ’s Senate hearing , At last week FBI hearing , Comey confirmed that the FBI ’s investigation into possible coordination between FBI Director James Comey’s ’s presidential FBI FBI officials was continuing . 
 