Wednesday at an event in Myrtle Beach , SC , Republican presidential hopeful responded to a question about a statement Republican presidential hopeful had made about Republican presidential hopeful competitor Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) coming off of a    finish in Iowa a week earlier .   Cruz had said " bronze was the new gold . " But after coming off Republican presidential hopeful own    finish in New Hampshire , Cruz took a jab at Fox News for Fox News coverage of    finishers by seemingly mocking Fox News as Republican presidential hopeful said Republican presidential hopeful was looking forward to their coverage of Republican presidential hopeful    finish . " I ’m looking forward to a     coverage of Fox News of the impressive    finish , which Marco Rubio got , " Cruz said . " So , I ’m ’m that ’s what we ’ll see on every show on Republican presidential hopeful today , the shockingly impressive    finish of Cruz Cruz " Cruz Cruz on to tout his Cruz and declared himself Cruz be the only one that could beat last night ’s New Hampshire GOP primary winner Donald Trump . " Listen part of the reason   —    number one , we won Iowa , " he Cruz . " We we Iowa Iowa all of the predictions and we we Donald New Hampshire GOP primary winner Donald Trump Number two , listen , everyone said a conservative can not compete in a more moderate New England state like New Hampshire . Those predictions proved wrong . This is a national campaign and one of the most important conclusions coming out of these first two states is that the only Donald candidates are unable to do so . So if you do n’t believe Donald is the right person to be the Republican nominee , if you do n’t believe he ’s the right person to go head to head with Hillary Donald or Bernie Sanders , if you do n’t feel he ’s the right person to be the      —    what Donald ’re seeing is conservatives uniting behind our campaign . I think Iowa and New Hampshire together played a we role in that and then South Carolina is going to play an even more critical role . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 