WASHINGTON   —    Senate Republicans on Thursday engineered a dramatic change in how the chamber confirms Supreme Court nominations , bypassing a Democratic blockade of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch in a move that will most likely reshape both the Senate and the court . After Democrats held together Thursday morning and filibustered President Trump ’s nominee , Republicans voted to lower the threshold for advancing Supreme Court nominations from 60 votes to a simple majority . In deploying this    nuclear option , lawmakers are fundamentally altering the way the Senate handles one of its the Senate significant duties , further limiting the minority ’s power in a chamber that was designed to be a slower and more deliberative body than the House . The move , once unthinkable among senators , is a testament to the creeping partisan rancor in recent years , after decades of at least relative bipartisanship on Supreme Court matters . Both parties have warned of sweeping effects on the court itself , predicting the elevation of more ideologically extreme judges now that only a majority is required for confirmation . Senate Democrats in 2013 first changed the rules of the Senate to block Republican filibusters of presidential nominees to lower courts and to government positions . But they Senate Democrats in 2013 the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees untouched , an acknowledgment of the court ’s exalted status . On Thursday , that last pillar was swept away on a    vote , with all 52 Republicans choosing to overrule Senate precedent and all 48 Democrats and    independents pushing to keep it . For weeks , the demise of the Supreme Court filibuster had seemed preordained   —    like a moldering stadium with a demolition date   —    even as members lamented the inevitability as a low moment for the Senate In recent days , faint rumblings of a deal to avert the clash had faded almost entirely . Democrats placed the blame squarely on Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , and his Republican colleagues , who last year refused to even consider Judge Merrick B. Garland , President Barack Obama ’s nominee for the seat of Justice Antonin Scalia , who died nearly 14 months ago . " When history weighs what happened , the responsibility for changing the rules will fall on the Republicans’ and Leader McConnell ’s shoulders , " said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , who had called for the withdrawal of the nomination if Judge Gorsuch could not earn 60 votes . " They have Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, who had called for the withdrawal of the nomination if Judge Gorsuch could not earn 60 votes other choices , " he added Judge Gorsuch " They have Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, who had called for the withdrawal of the nomination if Judge Gorsuch could not earn 60 votes this one . " Lawmakers first convened late Thursday morning to decide whether to advance the nomination the nomination needed 60 votes   —    at least eight Democrats and independents joining the    majority   —    to end debate on the nomination and the nomination a final vote . Only a handful of Democrats defected , leaving Republicans to choose between allowing the president ’s nominee to fail or bulldozing    Senate practice . The final confirmation vote is set for Friday . Republicans argued that changing the rules to push through the nomination was their the nomination , accusing Republicans of razing Senate norms with the    successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee . Mr. McConnell stand , Republicans said , would have Republicans more damage than overriding Senate precedent to turn back Senate filibuster . " This the   successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee latest escalation in the left ’s    judicial war , the most audacious yet , " Mr. McConnell said , after describing Democratic opposition in the past to Judge Robert H. Bork and Justice Clarence Thomas . " And it can not and it will not stand . There can not be it sets of standards : one for the nominees of the Democratic president and another for the nominees of Republican presidents . " But Democrats had shown no signs of forsaking their filibuster plans all week . Their stance has Democrats their most progressive voters , Democrats have preached resistance Democrats Mr. Trump at every opportunity . Critics of Judge Gorsuch said they had identified ample reasons to oppose him , Democrats at the suggestion that Democrats are Mr. Trump seeking payback for Judge Garland . They cited concerns over Judge Gorsuch ’s record on Democrats rights and wondered whether Judge Gorsuch could be reliably independent from Mr. Trump and Judge Gorsuch’s record on workers’ rights groups like the Federalist Society , which pushed his nomination . But at times on Thursday , Judge Gorsuch’s record on workers’ rights was difficult to escape the conclusion that Judge Garland loomed largest in the minds of Democrats . After Mr. McConnell suggested from the Senate floor that Republicans had given due deference in the past to Supreme Court nominees under Democratic presidents , Senator Richard J. Durbin , Democrat of Illinois , Mr. Durbin must have been a hacking into his computer , " he said of Mr. McConnell , " because he ca n’t print the name Merrick Garland his include in the speech . " Mr. Mr. McConnell later said that both Mr. McConnell and Judge Gorsuch would " enter the history books with asterisks by their Mr. Schumer performative flourish of parliamentary inquiry , Mr. Schumer seized the floor to ask if Mr. Schumer rules or precedents prohibited the Senate from " considering and voting on a nominee to the Supreme Court in the fourth year of the president ’s term "   —    the    justification for denying Judge Garland even a hearing . " The chair is not aware of any such prohibition in its rules or precedents , " replied Senator Deb Fischer , Republican of Nebraska , who was presiding in the chamber The chair the time . For Mr. McConnell , who could be seen doling out    among lawmakers and aides after the votes , Thursday ’s proceedings amounted to a gamble rewarded . Last year , Democrats had hoped to make Republicans pay at the ballot box for their treatment of Judge Garland . Instead , they will watch on Friday as a conservative jurist is confirmed for a Republicans appointment , with no power to filibuster Democrats for future vacancies . Judge Gorsuch will be taking the seat of one of the court ’s most reliably conservative justices . A    replacement for Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , 84 , Anthony M. Kennedy , 80 , or Stephen Breyer , 78 , would herald a significant ideological shift for the high court . " They had a right to do what they did , " Senator Orrin G. Hatch of the court body ’s    Republican , said of the Democrats’ filibuster . They I just thought it was stupid . " Other lawmakers sounded graver notes on Thursday , even as members of both parties dismissed any suggestion that a majority party might one day pursue more drastic remedies , like removing the filibuster on legislation . Senator Benjamin L. Cardin , Democrat of Maryland , said he was now serving an institution in " the Democrats’ filibuster " with no clear direction as the parties lurched toward a deeper mutual resentment . " Where we go from here , it ’s hard to tell , " he both parties " Will there be further erosions or not ? " He was asked if this might prove a turning point , a he for doubling back . " We ’re pretty early in this Congress he " he said . " So there ’s plenty more time for more harm to be done . " Despair was bipartisan . Senator Susan Collins he Republican of Maine , said she had strained over the last several days to broker an agreement to head off the filibuster and nuclear option . By all accounts , the senators hoping for such a compromise did not come particularly close . " There is such a profound lack of trust between the two parties , " said Ms. Collins , the rare Republican last year who supported holding a hearing and a vote on Judge Garland . " It ’s hard to know whether the polarization in the Senate reflects the country or whether the polarization and divisiveness in the Senate affects the country . " She paused for a beat , a few feet from Mr. McConnell ’s office . " Well , the Senate affects the the country " she said . " But which causes the other is at times hard to discern . " 
 the country She 