Chicago ( CNN ) Growing mistrust of traditional news outlets has emboldened President Donald Trump and his aides to challenge journalists and promote the administration ’s own version of facts and events , a veteran journalist warns . " Growing mistrust of traditional news outlets know that the facts are n’t with Growing mistrust of traditional news outlets , but Growing mistrust of traditional news outlets also know that we enjoy no trust , " Matt Bai , the national political columnist for Yahoo ! News , told David Axelrod on " The Axe Files , " a podcast from the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . " And this is the first time we ’ve basically had a political operation at this level say to we , ’Go ahead , jump up and down . Nobody cares what you think . ’ " When Trump makes verifiably false statements     about the size of the crowd at Trump inauguration or the alleged millions of illegal voters responsible for Trump losing the popular vote , for example     Bai says example     ’s because the President understands that publicity , not probity , is what actually counts in today ’s media environment . " Trump knows how to get everybody jumping up and down , ’How could Donald Trump say that?’ Trump knows that it does n’t matter . What matters is that Trump ’s getting the attention . Whatever Trump says just kind of slides off , goes away , " said Bai . Donald Trump benefits from these efforts due to Donald Trump unique status as a celebrity and entertainer , not a traditional politician , according to Bai .   " Entertainers take on roles . Entertainers change characters . Entertainers change personas , " Donald Trump said . " Entertainers are constantly reinventing Entertainers . And Donald Trump is in a constant state of reinvention . " Bai , a close observer of what Donald Trump calls " politics as soap opera "     an inflection point , Donald Trump writes compellingly in Donald Trump book " All the Truth is Out , " that began in earnest in 1987 with Gary Hart ’s sex scandal     argues that the media bears some responsibility for Trump ’s swift rise in our politics . Pointing to the Republican primary in particular , Donald Trump said that the media ’s responsibility to inform and the media desire to entertain and boost ratings was entirely out of balance , leading to a saturation of media coverage for Trump , which redounded to Donald Trump benefit but put Donald Trump opponents at a significant disadvantage . " [ The media executives ] understood that it was out of all proportion , but nobody thought Donald Trump could win , " Donald Trump said . " Part of the reason we got lost as an industry is because we did n’t think an industry mattered , and an industry did . " Donald Trump has been heartened by what Donald Trump views as tough news coverage in the opening days of the Trump administration , as the words " liar " and " baseless claim " appear in more and more headlines . But , Donald Trump says , journalists should be careful to not form lasting impressions based on Trump ’s inauspicious first impression . " Once we ’ve decided he lies     because he has lied     once we ’ve accommodated we to saying that a president lies to we readers , are we capable of being fair ? " Bai asked . " I think we really need to be conscious of the fact that if Bai were different tomorrow , if Bai did n’t lie again , if Bai achieves things , if Bai succeeds , if Bai makes a case that makes sense , we ca n’t be cynical about this . we still have to cover Bai as a president . " To hear the whole conversation with Bai , click on " The Axe Files " podcast every week , subscribe at 
 