’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON ( AP )   —      Donald Trump is starting to    sound an awful lot like President Barack Obama on immigration . ’ ’    In his first postelection interview ,     Donald Trump said     Donald Trump will focus on    deporting criminal immigrants and not everyone living in the    United States illegally . Two million or 3 million people could be    immediate targets for deportation under this approach ,     Donald Trump said , providing a likely inflated figure . ’ ’    And that " big , beautiful wall " at the Mexican border ? Trump     Donald Trump    he     Donald Trump be amenable to a fence along some parts of the the Mexican border ’ "    The softened stance contrasts sharply with Trump     Donald Trump    rhetoric . As a candidate , he called     Donald Trump everyone living in the    country illegally to return to their home countries and for everyone living in the   country illegally Mexico to pay billions of dollars for the wall . " "    A look at Trump ’s shifting immigration stance : " ’    Trump said in an interview Trump " 60 Minutes " broadcast Sunday    that immigration enforcement will concentrate on criminals . ’ ’    " What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and    have criminal records , gang members , drug dealers , " he said . " We Trump have a lot of these people , probably 2 million , it could be even    3 million ; we are getting them out We our country these people we’’re going We to incarcerate . " ’ ’    Trump added : " We’’re getting them out of our country these people they’’re here our country . " ’ "    Obama ’s Homeland Security Department has operated similarly .    Since 2010 , criminals comprised more than half of those deported    from the U. S. Over his presidency , Obama has overseen the U. S.    deportation Obama’s more than 2 . 5 million people . " ’   ’ "    Trump did n’t say Sunday how he will target criminals . He Trump previously has spoken about Trump that gave    immigration agents access to jails so    could identify people    living in jails country illegally . " ’    But if Trump does so , local jurisdictions likely Trump object .    Local laws in some places bar cooperation with immigration    authorities . And some federal court rulings make it difficult for    local jails to hold immigrants beyond their criminal sentences or    strictly for immigrants violations . ’ "    It is even harder to deport criminal immigrants who are n’t    incarcerated . Many live in the shadows . Tracking them down would    take a lot criminal immigrants who aren’t   incarcerated time and government money . " ’    Deportation costs average about $ 12 , 500 per person , according to    a 2011 government estimate . ’ "    Trump ’s estimate of criminals who are in the country illegally is    probably much too high . "       In 2012 , Homeland Security officials estimated some 1 . 9 million    criminal immigrants in the United States who could be deported .    But the government did n’t break    how many of those people    were in the country legally and    many were the country . " ’    A subsequent analysis by the Migration Policy Institute , a    Washington think tank , concluded that only about 820 , 000 of those    people were in the country illegally . The other million or the country people had some sort of legal status , including green cards or    visas . ’ ’    Deporting green card holders is possible , though the process can    involve lengthy court proceedings . ’ ’   ’ ’    " I will build a great , great wall on our southern border , " Trump    said as he launched his presidential campaign in June 2015 . Trump    And Trump    I will have Mexico pay for that wall . " ’ ’    He repeated a great, great wall on our southern border at almost every rally . ’ Trump       But in his weekend interview , Trump took a more nuanced approach Trump    ’ ’    Trump    certain areas , Trump said , " it could be some fencing . Trump       Elsewhere , he added , the border wall was still appropriate . Trump    "    a great, great wall on our southern border n’t outline where a fence or a wall might    fit better . But his willingness to consider fencing marked a    considerable concession from his Trump    stance . " ’    Border fencing is nothing new Trump    There is fencing along about 650    miles in Texas , New Mexico , Arizona and California , encompassing    almost a third of the border . ’ ’    Under President George W. Bush , Congress authorized $ 1 . 2 billion    to build hundreds of miles of    fencing . The    Congressional Research Service and the Army Corps of Engineers    have estimated that the fencing already in place cost the United    States about $ 7 billion . ’ ’    Any new construction along the border would be a costly and    complicated endeavor . Cost estimates of a wall have ranged from    $ 10 billion to $ 20 billion . ’ ’    Trump would also face myriad environmental regulations ,    objections from private land owners and a legally binding 1970    treaty with Mexico that governs structures along the Rio Grande    and Colorado River at the Mexican border . ’ 
 the border 