A student wearing a Donald Trump " Make America Great Again " hat at Mount Royal University faced a confrontation after a female student ordered to Again" hat at Mount Royal University to take it off because " hate language " was not allowed at Mount Royal University . [ In the video , Again" hat at Mount Royal University approaches the boy and demands he the boy Again" hat at Mount Royal University off , telling him that the boy is the boy not allowed to share hate language at the university Mount Royal University   " ‘ Make America Great Again’ means make America all for white people , no immigrants , [ and ] no people of different sexual orientations , " she continued .   At one point the girl , Zoe Slusar , threatens the student , " You ’ve got ta take the hat off , or I ’m going to write the president of the university and he ’s gon the student come and talk to you . " the student It ’s not allowed , it ’s hate It on campus . You can deal with me or you can deal with [ Mount Royal University President ] David Docherty , " she warns . When the student filming the confrontation laughed in response to her claim , she said , " You can laugh , cuz it ’s so Slusar na happen , and I ca n’t wait . " Melanie Rogers , a spokeswoman for Mount Royal University , said the university was Mount Royal University the video but would not comment . " Mount Royal University respects Mount Royal University their    right to freedom of expression , as long as it is peaceful and respectful , " Rogers said . she , another student steals the hat from the student ’s head and refuses to return it before the video ends . the hat later the video perspective of the incident , in Slusar she told the boy that the " Slusar should be a safe space . " " I am so deeply saddened   …      I do n’t want to draw anymore attention to the dysfunctional pawns that are being used by a system of power to oppress others , " she said , adding that she stands Slusar her " belief that Slusar space , Slusar especially university spaces , should be made to make everyone feel SAFE . " The incident is just one of many on college campuses of leftists attempting to prevent people from expressing their support for Trump .   Others people the unauthorised dismantling of a ‘ Trump wall’ on private property at Tulane University , as well as claims by a ‘ Bias Response Team’ at Skidmore College that a whiteboard message with the phrase " Trump 2k16 " was a " racist attack , " as well as multiple attempts at sabotaging events held by Republican groups rallying support for the presidential candidate .   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at ben@yiannopoulos . net 
 Ben Kew on Facebook 