For full disclosure : I know more than most about the intersection between the Republican presidential candidate and national security . [ No , I do n’t work for Mr Trump , nor am I part of Mr Trump campaign staff of advisors . But last summer , long before anyone outside of Mr Trump own family took Mr Trump candidacy seriously , Mr Trump reached out to me Mr Trump advice on national security issues .   We met twice in his Mr Trump office to discuss broad questions to do with national security , and I wrote him Mr Trump selection of policy papers ( the details of which fall under an NDA . Sorry ! ) . Now he Mr Trump the official presidential candidate of the GOP , much to the surprise of many a RINO and the chagrin of a certain Texan senator who refused to endorse him Texan after pledging to endorse whoever became the GOP candidate ) . Mr. Trump has successfully outwitted all the bookies and establishment grandees by speaking plainly and riding the wave of serial controversies that do far greater damage to his Mr. Trump than his Mr. Trump standing among the voters . The latest storm was generated by the NYT interview he Mr. Trump yesterday . When asked about coming to the aid of NATO nations under attack , Trump Mr. Trump that that depends upon how they have fulfilled their they to us , and if they they done so , he Mr. Trump aid them they adding that " Many NATO NATO are not making payments , are not making what they Many NATO nations supposed to make . That ’s a big thing . You ca n’t say forget that . " Well with that the chattering classes were off to the races . From Chris Matthews on down ( or is it up ? ) the cries went out : " How can Trump say this ? " " He Trump endangering our allies . " " He Trump emboldening Putin ! " " Does n’t he Trump we our treaty obligations ? ! " Now I am not a Trumpster ( I grew up under , and was formed by , the leadership of Maggie Thatcher , a very different kind of leader ) but can we our stop for a moment and look at what the presidential candidate actually said ? He the presidential candidate : it if our our allies to their commitments our allies hear an echo Senator Cruz ? ) we our defend them . our allies outrageous of Donald Trump ! Or was it ? At the moment , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization has 28 sovereign members , from the mighty America , to the lilliputian Estonian . Of the almost 30 countries , only 5 reach the consensus requirement for NATO members the North Atlantic Treaty Organization dedicate just 2 % of their GDP NATO members their own NATO members ( Estonia , interestingly being one of them ) NATO members The other the almost 30 countries for decades that they do n’t want to the almost 30 countries for their own protection . They the almost 30 countries just freeload on the almost 30 countries ’s America will . ( I mean the yanks saved Europe from    twice , so they ’ll do it again the almost 30 countries Right . Right   …       …     ? ? ) I cut my teeth on NATO issues when I still lived in Europe , and from experience Europe confirm that the majority of European nations have taken American goodwill   —    and our dollars   —    NATO granted . Yes , NATO is an alliance based NATO values and not just parochial interests . But it is not a    NATO , and that is how it has been treated since NATO end of the Cold War by the majority of its members . The Gray NATO ’s    piece today on the Trump kerfuffle is entitled : " Donald Trump ’s Remarks Rattle NATO Allies and Stoke Debate on Cost Sharing . " I can personally attest that Mr. Trump has a long Donald Trump go when it comes to being au fait with the intricacies of national security , but on this one he is 100 % correct . Donald Trump I , for one , am glad that after taking America for granted for so long , the freeloaders are " rattled " and talking about " . " And I am quite certain that , should Donald Trump be elected the     Donald Trump United States of America , they wo n’t just be America talking should Donald Trump be elected the    of the United States of America about it . Sebastian Gorka is the Major General Horner Chair of Military Theory at Marine Corps University and author of the new NYT bestseller Defeating Jihad . Follow him on Twitter at @SebGorka . 
 Sebastian Gorka 