Washington ( CNN ) Tom Barrack , a close friend and business associate of Donald Trump , said Monday the Republican presidential nominee should not continue to comment on the latest scandal surrounding former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner . " Personally , I do n’t ( believe former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner should talk about it ) , " the private equity real estate investor told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " Erin Burnett OutFront . " " Because I think it detracts from the substance . .. I do n’t personally agree with that . " Weiner , who was at one point considered a rising star in the Democratic Party until a sexting scandal ruined his climb , has had another sexting exchange revealed . A Trump supporter told the New York Post that the two of Weiner, who was at one point considered a rising star in the Democratic Party until a sexting scandal ruined his climb exchanged racy photos over the course of about a year . On Monday , Weiner ’s wife Huma Abedin , one of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s closest aides , announced she is separating from Weiner’s . Trump weighed in on the scandal Monday , saying about Weiner Weiner the Dori Monson radio show : " I understood that Trump had difficulties . .. I do n’t know if these people get cured . It these people get cured n’t seem like it these people get cured " Trump also issued a statement : " Huma is making a very wise decision . I know Anthony Weiner , and she will Weiner far better off without him . Huma Trump to give immigration speech amid major questions , Barrack also said Trump ’s recent campaign staff overhaul     after he made Trump Conway his campaign Trump and hired Stephen Bannon has his CEO Trump was a reflection of an evolving campaign rather than a sign of trouble . " The campaign an evolving campaign rather than a sign of trouble and it ’s a an evolving campaign rather than a sign of trouble playbook , " he said Trump   Abedin , Weiner separating after new sexting allegations   And Barrack also sought to mitigate questions over Trump ’s immigration stance that have emerged of late , calling the Republican nominee " flexible " about his immigration stance the Republican nominee the issue is " complicated . " " All these things are terribly complicated . I think the good thing of moving to further punctuate an idea is he ’s flexible the Republican nominee he learns , the Republican nominee surrounds himself the Republican nominee very the Republican nominee people , " Barrack said . " Let ’s not deceive Barrack deporting 11 million people . .. is amazingly complicated . " Trump is expected to speak about his immigration plan Trump , amid major questions over his stance , Trump a campaign stop in Arizona . 
 