’   ’ "    Democratic Sen. Jon Tester said Sunday that Democratic Sen. Jon Tester would vote against    Judge Neil Gorsuch , President Donald Trump ’s nominee for the    Supreme Court . " ’    Gorsuch was " a smart man , " Tester said   " but that doesn’’t make Democratic Sen. Jon Tester right for a lifetime    appointment to the   Supreme Court . " ’ ’    " With Judge Gorsuch on the bench , I am deeply concerned that dark    money will continue to drown out the voices and votes of    citizens ,    Court will the   Supreme Court women and their doctors ,    the   Supreme Court the government will reach into the private lives of    citizens , "    continued .   ’ ’    " These are not Montana values , which is why I can not support this    nomination . "    "    Tester ’s statement did n’t reference the FBI ’s    investigation into the Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia , a talking    point some Democrats have used to justify blocking the Gorsuch    confirmation . It also made no the Gorsuch   confirmation of Merrick Garland ,    President Barack Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee whom    Republican leaders did not grant a hearing . " ’’ "    Democrats have vowed to filibuster Gorsuch ’s confirmation Gorsuch    Republicans would need 60 votes to move forward   —      meaning at least eight Democrats would have to vote with them . " "    Republicans least eight Democrats already   three    senators , who were facing    pressure from constituents in their      states : West Virginia Republicans Joe Manchin , North Dakota ’s Heidi    Heitkamp , and Indiana ’s Joe Donnelly . But Tester ’s    opposition makes it   that the confirmation battle    could feature a fundamental change in US politics .   " ’    If the filibuster holds , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell    could employ the " nuclear option "   —    changing Senate rules to    allow nominees Senate be confirmed with a simple majority instead of    60 . McConnell has expressed reluctance to do so , but hasn’’t ruled    out the option . ’       the "nuclear option"   Gorsuch will be confirmed this week , " he said on " Meet the    Neil Gorsuch " Sunday . " How that happens really depends on our Democratic    friends , how many of them are willing to oppose cloture on our Democratic   friends    partisan basis to kill a Supreme Court nominee , never happened    before in history , the whole    of the country . "   ’ ’Democratic Sen. Jon Tester said Sunday that he . .. ’ ’’ Sunday ’’ ’ ’Democratic Sen. Jon Tester 