A review of the Affordable Care Act , often called Obamacare , reveals that 1 . 4 million Americans will lose Americans healthcare insurance as a growing number of insurance companies flee Obamacare or otherwise make major changes in coverage due to the problems endemic in the law . [ Starting next year , a large number of Americans may find a large number of Americans plans dropped and canceled or a large number of Americans coverage dwindling as insurance companies find costs soaring under President Obama ’s signature Obamacare .   Plans across 32 states are set to be either dropped or materially overhauled staring next year , Bloomberg reported . The crisis emerged as insurers found costs soaring due to the provisions of Obamacare , rules that have caused many companies to abandon the exchanges altogether . The most recent insurers to quit Obamacare Obamacare Aetna and UnitedHealth Group , both which announced they The most recent insurers to quit Obamacare abandoning Obamacare Obamacare next year Aetna , Aetna instance , announced it had Aetna $ 300 million in 2015 alone . Aetna CEO Aetna Bertolini also pointedly noted that Obamacare lacks Obamacare in how customers are informed about the way insurance really works . The massive changes will cause costs to rise up to fifty percent next year for those who have not lost their plans , and will also likely leave customers with fewer plans to choose from at costs that are much higher than they currently customers . In addition , many doctors and hospitals will no longer be included in the networks for the    plans . The losses will mostly affect individuals who have purchased their insurance The losses through the Obamacare exchanges , instead of receiving their coverage The losses their employers The losses According to its review , Bloomberg found that nearly 100 , 000 customers per state will lose insurance in Pennsylvania , Illinois , and Tennessee . Closer to 300 , 000 in North Carolina will lose coverage , and more than 400 , 000 will be dumped from plans in Florida . The warnings that Obamacare is on the verge of collapse have been sounding for several years . A recent Kaiser Family Foundation study on Obamacare was Obamacare that was such bad news for Obamacare it Obamacare A recent Kaiser Family Foundation study on Obamacare Trump campaign to call it " A recent Kaiser Family Foundation study on Obamacare extraordinary indictment of Obamacare . Obamacare Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 