  ( CNN )   Donald Trump is making one thing clear about the Supreme Court : Donald Trump wants to do more than just solidify the conservative bent on the bench . As Donald Trump considers a list of nominees to succeed the late Justice Antonin Scalia , Donald Trump is looking for a kind of diversity the Supreme Court lacks .   The potential nominees all have sterling judicial conservative credentials . But the current list represents something else     a nod to judges from " flyover " states , an appreciation for    League schools and even a dash of political experience . Many on Donald Trump list wore different hats before donning their judicial robes . And some have personal stories that could attract the   .   In the coming weeks , Trump Donald Trump likely sit down with candidates whose judicial paper trail will elevate them Donald Trump the top tier . Here ’s what ’s different about Trump Donald Trump , who offer geographic diversity different from the current court majority who have worn out the Acela Corridor .   The ’revenge’ of the flyover states   Texas Sen. Ted Cruz told an audience of judicial conservatives last month that the election represented the " revenge of flyover country . "   So might Trump ’s Donald Trump   The current Supreme Court consists of four justices from the Northeast : Justices Elena Kagan , Sonia Sotomayor , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Samuel Alito . Chief Justice John Roberts grew up in the Midwest but his professional life has centered Chief Justice John Roberts Washington . Justice Stephen Breyer was born on the West Coast but has spent many years in his home in Boston . Justice Stephen Breyer Trump ’s list is geographically diverse , including names from Michigan , Wisconsin , Missouri and Minnesota . At an appearance at the University of Arizona last August , Justice Elena Kagan noted the issue of geographic diversity and the fact that many justices come from the " non square states . "   " There are ways in which the court is not right the Court particularly diverse institution , " she said . " More Justice Elena Kagan gender , or race or ethnicity , it really does have to do with this kind of coastal perspective " she said and noted that Justice Elena Kagan of the Court has spent their lives in DC , New York and Boston .   " Those who have n’t , chances are it ’s because they ’ve lived in California , Those who haven’t she quipped . She was Justice Elena Kagan to say Justice Elena Kagan it did n’t mean that the justices have all had the same experiences , but there " is a lack of geographic diversity " that she said might not impact Justice Elena Kagan a case is decided , but more how the court is perceived .   Personal stories count , Besides geographic diversity , Trump might seek a candidate that brings a strong personal story to the court . Last month , the court Hardiman appeared in Washington to moderate a complicated panel concerning labor and employment law for the conservative Federalist Society . He told the panel he might have Judge Thomas Hardiman channel a complicated panel concerning labor and employment law for the conservative Federalist Society Judge Thomas Hardiman driving experience to address Judge Thomas Hardiman subject . Indeed , before he was appointed as a judge at Judge Thomas Hardiman years old , Hardiman drove a cab to earn funds Judge Thomas Hardiman He was the first child in his Judge Thomas Hardiman to attend college . Now Judge Thomas Hardiman , he could be a lasting legacy for Judge Thomas Hardiman . Think about the fact that Justice Clarence Thomas just celebrated his 25th year on the bench and the Justice Clarence Thomas who nominated him , George H. W. Bush , has been out of the political arena for decades . Judge Rayond Gruender of the 8th Circuit has a different kind of story . Long before he took the bench , he suffered an Judge Rayond Gruender of the 8th Circuit violent attack at the Judge Rayond Gruender of the 8th Circuit of his father . According to local news stories Judge Rayond Gruender of the 8th Circuit Gruender ’s father shot him in the stomach his father before Judge Rayond Gruender of the 8th Circuit his own life in 1986 . " The ordeal Judge Rayond Gruender of the 8th Circuit to Gruender ’s significant involvement with a    organization that Judge Rayond Gruender of the 8th Circuit of domestic violence " according to the Minnesota Bar Association .   Different kind of diversity   Justice Sonia Sotomayor     the court ’s first Latina and third female     is often asked about the importance of diversity , and her answer is about more than race or gender .   " Diversity of life experiences , I believe , are the most important part of what you want to look at with justices , " she said at the University of Wisconsin Law School in September . her The more diversity in its professional experience and life ’s experience that people have the more fulsome the conversation will be about the law . "   A candidate who would certainly bring a different type of experience to the court is Margaret Ryan .   Ryan is a former active duty marine , including serving as an Margaret Ryan de camp to the Commandant of the Marine Corps . Ryan has more conventional credentials as well , as a former clerk Margaret Ryan Justice Clarence Thomas and is serving on the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces . But how many nominees have served in both Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm ?   Nan Aron , of the liberal Alliance for Justice , has lashed out at the list saying to reflects a   " ideology . Unlike Trump who could stress diversity on the list she points to potential nominees who " threaten fundamental rights " and Nan Aron " the powerful and privileged " over every day American . "   There ’s also political experience . When Justice Sandra Day O’Connor left the court she took with her the experience of elected politics . Mike Lee Justice Sandra Day O’Connor change that Justice Sandra Day O’Connor Sure , he ’s been a clerk to Justice Samuel Alito , twice , Mike Lee more important he ’s the junior senator from Utah .   Judge Steve Colloton Mike Lee worn many hats including a stint working as an Associate Independent Counsel for the Office of Kenneth Starr from   .   Justice Diane Sykes has never worked in politics , but she did spend some time as a journalist .    Leaguers , Justice Diane Sykes Court justices tend to hire clerks from the Ivy League and they have all attended elite schools .   Trump ’s list is clerks devoid of those candidates .   Judge William Pryor , for example , sits on the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals and attended Northeast Louisiana University and Tulane University School of Law .   Judge Diane Sykes attended Marquette University Law School . Justice David Stras attended the University of Kansas . Judge Raymond Kethledge     a former Kennedy clerk     spent time at Wayne State University .    Amul Thapar , a district court judge the University of Kansas District of Kentucky , is from Michigan and went to Boston College and UC Berkeley . Thapar was the first South Asian American to be named to an Article III federal judgeship .   Ivy League schools need not feel slighted . For example , Neil Gorsuch attended Columbia and Harvard , and then topped it off with a stint at Oxford . But he might have slipped in because he ’s considered a champion of Scalia ’s Thapar philosophy of originalism . 
 Thapar 