  ( CNN ) Sen. Lindsey Graham said Saturday that Russia is trying to " is trying to break the backs of democracies . " " Russia is trying to break the backs of democracies     and democratic movements     all over the world , " the South Carolina Republican said in a series of tweets criticizing the Kremlin . President Barack Obama ordered Friday a review of Russia ’s involvement in    hacking after Intelligence agencies reported that the country ’s government had some involved in the 2016 race . " Do n’t have to be Sherlock Holmes to figure out what Russia is up to     Russia ’re trying to undermine democracies all over the world , " Sherlock Holmes tweeted .    Donald Trump ’s presidential transition team issued Friday a stunning rebuke of Intelligence communities who have said , in recent reports from CNN and the Washington Post , that Russian hackers not only wanted to disrupt US elections but actively worked toward getting the Republican presidential nominee elected . RNC Communications Director Sean Spicer attacked the New York Times for reporting that Russia was involved in hacking the 2016 presidential election , according to Intelligence experts . The paper also reported that RNC was hacked . Although Graham     who also ran for president in 2016     did not dismiss the election results , he said he Graham    who also ran for president in 2016     concerned Graham    who also ran for president in 2016     Russia ’s involvement .   " I ’m not challenging the outcome of the election , the 2016 presidential election concerned about Russian    at home   throughout the world , " he said .   Graham    who also ran for president in 2016     Sunday Graham amplified his concerns Graham     Russian Graham     in American Russian through a statement with a bipartisan group of senators .   " Democrats and Republicans must work together , and across the jurisdictional lines of the Congress , to examine these recent incidents thoroughly and devise comprehensive solutions to deter and defend against further " said the statement from Graham a statement with a bipartisan group of senators not become a partisan issue , " added the quartet . " The stakes are too high for our country . We are committed to working in this bipartisan manner , and we will seek to unify our colleagues around the goal of investigating and stopping the grave threats that cyberattacks conducted by foreign governments pose to our national security . " 
 We We 