Dozens of    colleges could be forced to close in the next several years . This week , the Obama administration published a list of schools and programs that are at risk of losing access to the federal loans many of Dozens of   colleges depend on to survive . More than 800 vocational programs the department reviewed ( at    schools , private nonprofit schools , and public community colleges ) failed to show that More than 800 vocational programs the department reviewed (at   schools, private nonprofit schools, and public community colleges) graduates were able to find decent jobs , meaning the former students have annual loan payments that are more than 30 percent of the former students discretionary income and more than 12 percent of More than 800 vocational programs the department reviewed (at   schools, private nonprofit schools, and public community colleges) total earnings . Not insignificantly , virtually all —   98 percent —   of the programs that do not meet that bar are    schools . Not a single community college appears on the list . If schools that have been flagged by the government do n’t begin to turn things around within several years , schools that have been flagged by the government stand to lose aid , and , in many cases , would likely shutter as a result . And now , in what one of the authors says is coincidental timing , a new study paints a picture of where the students who are affected by the closure of    schools might go by examining how a similar period of increased regulation of the industry played out in the past . In an NBER working paper entitled " Where Do Students Go When    Colleges Lose Federal Aid ? , " the researchers Stephanie Cellini , Rajeev Darolia , and Lesley Turner ( professors who study public policy and economics at George Washington University , the University of Missouri , and the University of Maryland , respectively ) looked at students who attended    colleges in the 1990s . Back in the ‘ 80s , the number of    schools was expanding and the government created a rule aimed at sanctioning schools where a lot of former students defaulted on a lot of former students federal loans . It was a scenario not unlike today . More than 1 , 200    faced sanctions in the ‘ 90s , according to the researchers . the researchers found that when schools were threatened with the loss of access to federal aid , the percentage of Pell grant recipients (   students who depend on federal grants and loans to pay for their federal grants and loans education ) who enrolled declined by about 53 percent in the following five years . Interestingly , enrollment at neighboring    schools also fell , even if they enrollment at neighboring   schools n’t sanctioned , perhaps because the reputation of the entire sector was damaged by the sanctions . That might sound dire but it turns out these students were n’t dropping out of college completely . The these students that the    declines in enrollment at    colleges    n’t actually reduce aggregate educational attainment . In other words , the students enrolled in community colleges within the county . And with community colleges costing a fraction of what      colleges cost , federal    borrowing and default rates also declined . In fact , the researchers these students 70 percent of the students who stopped borrowing because they switched to these students different school would have defaulted on their loans had these students remained at 70 percent of the students who stopped borrowing because they switched to a different school would have defaulted on their loans    colleges . This would seem to push back at the idea , put forth by the    industry , that the rules around how and which schools gain access to aid hinder student achievement . A disproportionate percentage of    veteran , and minority students enroll in    colleges , and the industry has the   industry that constricting its reach would harm the   industry students . Yet minority students data released by the administration and this working paper seem to suggest that these students , on the minority students fare okay when such regulations exist , particularly when they have a chance to enroll minority students schools that are less expensive and have the same ( and in many cases better ) employment outcomes . It ’s important to point out that it ’s still too soon to It how students who attend the    schools will fare . But it would n’t be unreasonable to expect to see similar patterns take shape in the coming years . Right now ,    can get up to 90 percent of their revenue from federal aid ,    the working paper cites studies that have shown that when the schools have access to federal aid , they charge significantly more than similar the schools without access to aid . Likewise , when the amount of money the government puts toward Pell grants rises , researchers have found an uptick in the number of    colleges opening , particularly in areas with lots of    students who have access to those grants . But just as sanctions in the ‘ 90s had an effect on the    industry ’s reach , the Education Department estimates that there are fewer than 29 , 000 vocational programs subject to the regulation today , down from more than 37 , 000 in 2014 . For instance , the    giants ITT Tech and Corinthian Colleges shuttered their campuses after the Obama administration the   giants them with federal sanctions . And the   giants month , the agency that accredited the schools also lost its recognition from the Education Department the agency that accredited the schools a valid accreditor , meaning the other schools it authorized will need to find the agency that accredited the schools new agency to avoid losing their federal aid . Still , the other schools it authorized ’s also worth noting that the agency that accredited the schools are some variables today that could ultimately make the landscape look very different than it did in the ‘ 90s the agency that accredited the schools The Missing Piece in the Debate Over College Costs   For one thing , Donald Trump is about to be president , and he and the people he ’s Donald Trump to lead his Donald Trump have pushed back at Donald Trump they view as cumbersome federal overreach he and the people he’s tapped to lead his administration The administration could try to repeal his administration , or it could simply fail to enforce it his administration During a call with reporters the rule week to discuss the new data , U. S. Education Secretary John King declined to speculate on how Trump ’s team might handle the regulation , but acknowledged that the next administration could choose to " his administration regulatory process . That ’s clearly something    investors are banking on after Trump ’s election several    colleges saw their stock Trump’s . Secondly , the community colleges investors former    students were able to enroll in back in the ‘ 90s were frequently less crowded and less    then . Today , some community colleges have interest    more students than they are equipped to handle , and a number of some community colleges have rolled back funding for public education . According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , funding for    and    colleges is almost $ 10 billion lower than it was before the recession . The researchers acknowledge this colleges but their suggestion that states would be wise to increase funding The researchers community colleges during periods of heavy regulation is perhaps unrealistically optimistic . ( Stephanie Cellini , a professor at George Washington University and one of the authors of the paper , suggested during a phone interview that the possibility —   largely absent in the ‘ 90s —   for colleges to deliver education online might limit some of the potential for issues around capacity . ) Ultimately , it ’s too early to tell what the    sector will look like in the coming years . And the new data suggests there is real reason to be cautious about enrolling in a number of    schools . But Secretary King also said during the call that higher education is still a wise investment . It ’s just important to understand which programs are worth the money , and which are , as he put it , a " liability . " 
 Secretary King 