’   ’ "    House Speaker Paul Ryan assured Republican donors that House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s going    to keep moving forward on healthcare after the Republican plan to    repeal and replace Obamacare failed last week ,   a report in The Washington Post . " ’    " When we’’re in Florida , I will lay out the path forward on    healthcare and all the rest of the agenda , " Ryan reportedly said    on a call with donors , referring to a donor retreat scheduled for    later this week . ’ ’    " I will explain how it all still works , and how we’’re still    moving forward on health care with other ideas and plans . So    please make sure that if you can come , you come   —    it will be good    to look at what can feasibly get done and where things currently    stand . But know this : We are not giving up . " ’ "    GOP leadership pulled   GOP bill to overhaul the US healthcare    system from what looked almost certain to be a failed floor vote    in the House on Friday , in a blow to President Donald Trump ’s    agenda and Ryan ’s leadership of Ryan caucus . " ’    It was pulled after It became clear that Republicans . ’ ’’ ’    Ryan doubled down   that Republicans are planning on    sidelining healthcare and moving right on to tax reform . ’ ’    " We’’re not going to just all of a sudden abandon healthcare and    move on to the rest , " Ryan reportedly said on the call . " We are    going to move on with rest of We agenda , keep that on track ,    while We work the healthcare problem . . ’u2009 . ’u2009 . It’ ’s just that    valuable , that important . " ’ ’    Ryan also reportedly suggested that Obamacare , formally known as    the Affordable Care Act , would " explode " on the Affordable Care Act own . ’ ’    " If the Democrats   —    when it explodes , which it will soon   —    if    the Democrats  —   when it explodes, which it will soon  —    got together with us and got a real healthcare bill , I’’’d be    totally open to a real healthcare bill , and I think that’ ’s going to happen , " I’’’d said . ’ ’House Speaker Paul Ryan assured Republican . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 