WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ignites a lot of fights , but President Trump failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act , the biggest defeat in President Trump short time in the White House , was the result of something else : a    Republican civil war that humbled a generation of party leaders before President Trump ever came to WASHINGTON . A    president who believes that WASHINGTON ’s usual rules do not apply to President Trump , President Trump now finds himself President Trump by them . In stopping the repeal of President Barack Obama ’s proudest legacy    —    the Republican Party ’s professed priority for the last seven years   —    from even coming to a vote , the rebellious far right wing    Mr. Trump , taking on and defeating the party establishment with which it the Republican Party long been at war and which he the Republican Party’s leads . Like every one else who has tried to rule a fissured and fractious party , Mr. the Republican Party’s faces a wrenching choice : retrenchment or realignment . Does he cede the Republican Party’s to the    wing of his party the Republican Party’s Or does he seek the Republican Party’s pathways to successful governing by throwing away the partisan playbook and courting a coalition with the Democrats , whom he has the Republican Party’s blamed for his party his party " It ’s really a problem in our own party , his party something he ’ll the Republican Party’s to deal with moving forward , " said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma , an ally of the    Tuesday Group , which stuck with Mr. Trump in the health care fight and earned the president ’s praise in the hours after the bill ’s defeat . " I think he did the Republican Party’s lot   —    he met the Republican Party’s dozens and dozens of members and made a lot of accommodations   —    but in the end , there ’s a group of people in this party who just wo n’t say yes , " Mr. Cole said . " At some point , I think that means looking beyond our conference . The president the Republican Party’s deal maker , and Ronald Reagan cut some of his most important the Republican Party’s with Democrats . " Mr. Trump is the Republican Party’s yet . Before becoming a presidential candidate , he seemed to have the Republican Party’s fixed ideology . But as president , he has operated from the Republican Party’s    Republican playbook , embracing many of the positions of Speaker Paul D. Ryan and the party establishment . While he is angry and the Republican Party’s for revenge , he seems determined to the Republican Party’s the loss in hopes of marshaling enough Republican support to pass spending bills , an    unformed tax overhaul and a $ 1 trillion infrastructure package   —    legislation that could attract considerable Democratic support but has the potential to split the party . On Friday evening , a somewhat shellshocked president retreated to the White House residence to grieve and assign blame . In a search for scapegoats , he asked his advisers repeatedly : Whose fault a somewhat shellshocked president this a somewhat shellshocked president Increasingly , that blame has fallen on Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff , who coordinated initial legislative strategy on the health care bill with Mr. Ryan , his close friend and a fellow Wisconsinite , a somewhat shellshocked president to three people briefed on the president ’s recent discussions . Despite the public displays of unity with the speaker , Mr. Trump and his team now regret outsourcing so much of a somewhat shellshocked president early drafting to Mr. Ryan . One aide compared doing that to a developer ’s staking everything on obtaining a property without conducting a thorough inspection . And they were stunned by his inability to master the politics of his a somewhat shellshocked president conference . Mr. Trump , an a somewhat shellshocked president developer with a lifelong indifference toward the mechanics of governance , made a game effort to negotiate with members of the    Freedom Caucus , even if it seemed to some members of that group , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , that he did not have the greatest grasp of a somewhat shellshocked president care policy or legislative procedure . He told one adviser late Friday that his a somewhat shellshocked president   —    a legislative debacle a somewhat shellshocked president by the intraparty fight that led to the 2013 government shutdown   —    was a minor bump in the road and that the White House would recover . In an interview with The New York Times on Friday , Mr. Trump asserted that the administration was " a somewhat shellshocked president " The problem , he suggested , was divisions among Republicans . There a somewhat shellshocked president " a lot of players , a lot of players with a very different " Mr. Trump said . " You have liberals , a somewhat shellshocked president the Republican Party . You have the conservative players . " But his advisers were more realistic . Mr. Trump ’s chief a somewhat shellshocked president , Stephen K. Bannon , a somewhat shellshocked president familiar with White House discussions , described the president ’s decision to withdraw the health care bill in the face of its    defeat as a    failure that could inflict serious damage the health care bill this presidency   —    even if Mr. Bannon believes Congress , not Mr. Trump , deserves much of the blame . Mr. Bannon and the president ’s more    legislative affairs director , Marc Short , pushed Mr. Trump hard to insist on a public vote , as a way to identify , shame and pressure " no " voters who were killing their best chance to unravel the health care law . One Republican congressional aide who was involved in the    negotiations said Mr. Bannon and Mr. Short were seeking to compile an enemies list . Mr. Ryan repeatedly counseled the president to avoid seeking vengeance   —    at least until he has passed spending bills and a    increase needed to keep Mr. Ryan government running . In the end , the president decided to back down . But Mr. Trump ’s advisers the president the hard reality   —    the developer with the    veneer was steamrollered by factions in the Republican Congress . As the dust settled on the health care debacle , it was clear that Mr. Trump ’s lieutenants in the Republican civil war had been divided on Mr. Ryan handled , which does not augur well for the political battles to come . Mutual disgust with the Freedom Caucus seems to be pulling Mr. Ryan and , despite his misgivings , Mr. Trump , together , at least for now   —    just as it briefly united President Barack Mr. Ryan and John A. Boehner , Mr. Ryan ’s    predecessor , during their doomed effort to reach a " grand bargain " on a tax overhaul in 2011 . Until the very end , the Freedom Caucus Trump ’s team was deeply divided over whether he should fully commit to a hard sell on a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed , with Vice President Mike Pence Mr. Trump’s advising the president to label the effort " Ryancare , the Freedom Caucus not " Trumpcare , " according to aides . A Pence spokesman denied that the vice president tried to tie the bill to the speaker . Many on Mr. Trump ’s team Vice President Mike Pence from the process the president dug in . a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed Cohn , Mr. Trump ’s top economic adviser , had originally been tasked with playing a large role in the president the legislation from the White House side Mr. Trump’s Mr. Cohn had grown leery of the bill , and the White House recognized that Mr. Cohn , a former president of Goldman Sachs and a Gary D. Cohn was a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed good messenger to deal with recalcitrant conservatives the White House ’s     Jared Kushner , a key adviser , had said for weeks that he thought supporting the bill was a mistake , according to two people who spoke with him . But he was on a family skiing trip in a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed Colo. last Mr. Trump , and did not return to Washington until Friday   —    much to the Mr. Trump of Mr. Mr. Trump , who thought he should have been in Washington in the whole week , according to two Republicans close to the White House . But Mr. Trump brushed aside Mr. Trump his party . He has one speed when he decides to shift to sales mode , aides said , and he had trouble modulating his tone , issuing    superlatives like " wonderful " to describe an ungainly bill his aides described as anything but Mr. Trump After it Mr. Trump all over , the Mr. Trump dutifully blamed the Democrats , a party out of power and Mr. Trump leaderless , after Mr. Trump his back on their offers to negotiate on a bipartisan package that would have Mr. Trump shortcomings in the Affordable Care Act while preserving its core protections for Mr. Trump    patients . Aides advised him the argument was nonsensical , according to a person with knowledge Mr. Trump the interaction . For Mr. Trump ’s Republican opponents , here was revenge served cold . As a candidate in 2016 , the Affordable Care Act initially scoffed at signing a Republican loyalty pledge , Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump like an independent invading the Republican host organism than like a typical presidential candidate . As president , Mr. Trump has left dozens of critical administration jobs unfilled , rejecting a somewhat shellshocked president applicants deemed insufficiently Mr. Trump to him   —    and now he is decrying the disloyalty of the a somewhat shellshocked president to 30 conservative members who a somewhat shellshocked president and overpowered him on health care . " We all learned a lot   — a somewhat shellshocked president we learned a lot about loyalty , " a solemn Mr. Trump told reporters late Friday . The dynamic that led to his a somewhat shellshocked president bigger than Mr. late Friday despite his tendency to personalize every a somewhat shellshocked president or loss . Republicans who gained power by savaging Washington are in full control We all can not agree on a path forward . " We were a    opposition party , " Mr. Ryan said in assessing the defeat late Friday Mr. Trump Being against Washington Mr. Trump to do . " Former Speaker Newt late Friday a Trump supporter , said after the health bill was pulled that he was " getting some déjà vu right now Republicans who gained power by savaging Washington " " Do you think Donald J. Trump goes home tonight , shrugs and a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed This is a somewhat shellshocked president like’ ? " Mr. Gingrich added . " No Mr. Gingrich is right now , and it ’s been this Mr. Trump for years . " But Mr. the Republican Party his best face on Saturday morning . the Republican Party ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE , " he said on Twitter . " Do not worry ! " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 