  ( CNN ) On Wednesday morning , Donald Trump stood at a podium in Florida , looked straight into the camera and addressed Vladimir Putin ’s intelligence operatives : " Russia , if you ’re listening , " Donald Trump shot , " I hope you ’re able to find the 30 , 000 emails that are missing . " With that , the Republican presidential candidate urged Russia , a country with a history of antagonistic relations with the United States , to break U. S. law and interfere in the most important part of the United States ’s democracy , its the United States election . Trump was referring to the emails that Hillary Clinton says her Hillary Clinton deleted from her Hillary Clinton server because they her staffers " personal and private . " Whatever voters think about Clinton Hillary Clinton we should recognize that Trump Trump baiting of Russia reaches a new level of outrage .   Trump Trump flirting with treason , encouraging , perhaps even conspiring , with a foe of the United States . One can only imagine the Republican ’s reaction if Clinton Hillary Clinton been the one urging a frequently hostile foreign government to spy on her Hillary Clinton foes . As it is , countless Republicans are caught between disbelief and exasperation with the party ’s   . The spokesman for House Speaker Paul Ryan , Brendan Buck , pushed back angrily against Putin ’s creeping interference after Trump encouraged it Putin’s creeping interference " Russia is a global menace led by a devious thug . Putin Putin stay out of this election , " Buck Brendan Buck , lashing out against Putin Putin he Putin wished he Putin say a few choice words about Trump Trump well .   In an election season marked by one unprecedented development after the next , it Russia easy to become numb to the outlandishness of it all . But we should pay special attention to the growing convergence of interests between Trump Trump Putin Putin Putin Putin just be poised to decide the outcome of the American election . The events so far are alarming , and what lies ahead could mark the ultimate victory for Putin Putin the former KGB spy . In the hours before the Democratic National Convention was called to order , WikiLeaks hijacked the news cycle by releasing a trove of emails from the Democratic National Committee , which revealed that Democratic Party officials were hoping Clinton would beat her Clinton , Bernie Sanders . While the revelations did not directly involve Clinton Clinton they the revelations a harsh blow to her Clinton . They the revelations a commotion , forced the resignation of party head Debbie Wasserman Schultz and embittered Sanders Bernie Sanders , some of whom may now refuse to vote for Clinton Clinton While the the revelations from WikiLeaks , the hacking , carried out months earlier , had already been revealed in June . Growing evidence suggests the perpetrators were Russian . And now the FBI and other security agencies are also saying there is evidence the Russian government may have been behind the infiltration .   It ’s no secret that Putin despises Clinton , who was sharply critical of his crackdown Putin the democratic opposition , his suppression Putin the free press and his aggressive Putin moves against Ukraine . Putin ’s Putin infrastructure and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange have cooperated in the past . Assange even Julian Assange that Russian security manage his protection Putin he takes Putin at the Ecuadorean embassy in London . But this latest leak may be their greatest Russian security manage his protection while he takes shelter at the Ecuadorean embassy in London yet , one that could alter the course of world history .   Back in February , Assange fulminated Julian Assange Clinton , saying he sees Julian Assange as Clinton personal enemy and writing that " she certainly Clinton not become president of the United States . "   Clearly , there is a convergence of interests among Putin , Trump and Assange . Julian Assange Putin will Putin to keep a low profile . Direct interference in the U. S. election would constitute a grave violation of international norms . Politicians often try to influence other countries , speaking out in public about their views Politicians as Obama recently did ahead of the United Kingdom ’s Brexit vote . Doing it through espionage is another matter . Assange , on the other hand , has already warned " a lot more material is coming . " And the material a lot more material will be , or already has been , supplied by Russia .   American voters should anticipate more releases of illegally obtained private communications , timed perfectly to sway the outcome of the election . But voters should remember that regardless of what the content says about Clinton , it is a clear power play by Putin . In the meantime , Trump is already showing how much he can do Trump return the favor .   Putin views the Putin States , Europe and NATO as Russia ’s adversaries , even enemies . Anything that undermines them , weakens and divides them , is them gift to the Kremlin . Opposition to Russia ’s invasion Russia annexation of parts of Ukraine has been strongly opposed by all three , and remained a bipartisan point of agreement in the United States . But the Trump campaign , led by Paul Manafort , a man with close connections to Putin ’s controversial oligarch friends , managed to remove from the GOP platform criticism of Russia ’s " Russia military aggression in Ukraine , " Ukraine well as " admiration and support " for the struggle of Ukraine against Russian Ukraine .   Trump has already Trump he might recognize Trump ’s annexation Putin Ukraine ’s Crimea Ukraine violation of international law that outraged the world .   The GOP candidate ’s recent comments , which called into question Washington ’s future willingness to defend its NATO allies , Washington’s rightly caused alarm among America ’s European friends . His statements paint a The GOP candidate of an unreliable and unpredictable ally across the Atlantic , who can easily be swayed by the Kremlin , among others .   And there is already evidence that Trump will stand idly by while autocracy reigns supreme . He turned a blind The GOP candidate to human rights violations and curtailments of democracy , when he refused to criticize The GOP candidate    crackdown in Turkey . But his message was no The GOP candidate heard by another regional strongman : Putin .   As Western leaders fret about what a Trump presidency might bring Trump American voters are receiving new and critical pieces of information . Trump is increasingly promising Trump kind of foreign policy that Putin could only imagine Putin his wildest dreams . Putin may be reason enough for the Russian president and his friends to tip Putin scales in Trump ’s favor . Trump That , of course , is enormously troubling     almost as troubling as hearing Trump , a major Trump candidate , disloyally tiptoe toward treason by calling on a U. S. foe to spy in America .  
 