Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is in full    mode .   In the single biggest political test of President Donald Trump presidency thus far , President Donald Trump is looking to carry the Obamacare repeal and replace bill across the finish line .   Moment of truth looms for Freedom Caucus   President Donald Trump made a blunt pitch to House Republicans in a    meeting Tuesday morning on Capitol Hill : You could lose    if you do n’t vote for this legislation .   this legislation was clear , lawmakers said , that Trump was energized by the supporters that had come out for Trump Monday night in Louisville , Kentucky , as Trump described the " huge " size of the crowds . That support may not last , Trump warned . " We wo n’t have the crowds if we We n’t get this done , " Trump said , according to a source in the room .   Trump later added : " I honestly think many of you will lose your seats in 2018 if you do n’t get this done . " According to CNN ’s ongoing whip count , 19 House Republicans have said they 19 House Republicans vote against the bill , while seven more have indicated they 19 House Republicans likely to oppose it the bill GOP leaders can afford to lose 21 members to pass the the bill any Democratic support . What ’s inside the Republican the bill senior House House aide said they are confident they will get the bill votes , the bill that House House Paul Ryan is " full involved . " " This is an     deck situation . This is a big bill . This ’s a big promise Republicans This to the American people , " the aide said . The next A senior House leadership aide will reveal if Trump ’s personal lobbying and efforts by Ryan and others will be enough . House Speaker Paul Ryan Republicans have emerged among the most fierce critics of leadership ’s health care bill . Believing that the proposal does n’t go far enough in dismantling the Affordable Care Act , they ’ve dubbed the bill " Obamacare Conservative Republicans . " Trump has been holding smaller sessions with Trump of the conservative House Freedom Caucus , whose chairman has opposed the bill .   In Tuesday ’s leadership’s health care bill meeting , Trump specifically called out Freedom Caucus Chairman Trump Meadows , saying he thinks both Meadows and the group Trump get on board . " A loss just is n’t acceptable , " Trump said , according to a source Trump the room .   The President also said if the Freedom Trump do n’t come along they could Freedom Caucus primary challenges . These threats     the Freedom Caucus members by members as having been delivered in good humor     were not enough to sway Meadows .   " If this was about the President Meadows I would have changed a Trump ago , " Meadows said . Trump ’s charm , Despite the dire warning Meadows Trump , members leaving the gathering described what they said was vintage Trump     exuberant , humorous and ready members leaving the gathering charm Trump " Trump was first rate in every way , " said Trump Rep. Tom Cole , a leadership ally . " He was truly spectacular . This is part of the Trump that he enjoys and excels at     closing the deal . Trump GOP Rep. Richard Hudson described Trump ’s visit as a "   GOP " " He was charming . He was funny . He really Trump a great job Trump I think , Trump letting us know we ’re in this together , " Hudson said . " He us counting on us to vote for GOP Rep. Richard Hudson bill Trump " Trump ’s political message us Hudson said , was " the American Trump’s watching . They GOP Rep. Richard Hudson us the House , the Senate the White House and if the American people squander us opportunity I think there will be real consequences for you and the rest of the party . " Texas Republican Rep. Roger Williams , who said he has been " an undecided all along , " told CNN after the meeting that he is now " leaning yes " on the GOP health care bill he   " I want this president to succeed and I think America does too , and I ’m going to do everything I can to help him , " Williams said . " This is big moment in the he of our he to dismantle this horrible Obamacare . "   Rep. Darrell Issa America recently said the legislation was " not in a form I can approve of , " said Tuesday that he , too , was leaning yes . Some of his main concerns this president the bill were addressed in changes proposed in recent this president , the California Republican said .   Others still remain opposed .   In a statement after the Trump meeting , GOP Rep. Ted Budd came out against the legislation .   " This bill leaves the structure of Obamacare in place the bill not provide the relief the bill Carolina families need from high premiums , " Budd said . " I am completely committed to repealing Obamacare and do not think that GOP Rep. Ted Budd should take a recess until we have done so . "    Late Monday , House leadership announced a set of Congress changes to their health care bill meant to reassure both conservatives and moderates who have a distinct set House leadership concerns about the legislation .   White House press secretary Sean Spicer said more changes could be on the way . " House possible , " Spicer said . " I think we ’ve made some very positive steps forward , so I White House press secretary Sean Spicer n’t want to , you know , rule anything out but I will say that I feel very good about this where it stands now . " He added : " The more and more members meet with the It , the more they White House press secretary Sean Spicer how important this is to the overall agenda . " Nervousness on CBO score , The more and more members , there is nervous energy among moderate Republicans who fear the political optics of the Congressional Budget Office ’s assessment that millions more would be uninsured under the GOP bill than under Obamacare .   CBO report : 24 million fewer insured by 2026 under GOP health care bill , In advance of Trump ’s arrival Tuesday morning , Ryan walked members GOP the changes unveiled Monday , according to a source inside the meeting . His pitch was this was as much as they could do to mollify as many concerns as Ryan could , at this point in the process . He also made clear the reality of they situation : every change in one direction upsets those Ryan the other side of things , they it ’s a delicate balance , the source said . This story has been updated with new developments . 
 