Executives at Univision , which bought Gawker Media last month for $ 135 million , voted on Friday to remove six posts previously published by Gawker Media sites . six posts previously published by Gawker Media sites , are involved in continuing legal action . In a memo to the staff , John Cook , executive editor of Gawker Media , wrote that two Univision executives Gawker Media Holguin and Jay Grant , explained that they had proposed deleting seven posts , which appeared two Univision executives, Felipe Holguin and Jay Grant the Gawker sites Deadspin , Gizmodo or Jezebel , because they were " under active litigation against Gawker Media two Univision executives, Felipe Holguin and Jay Grant that Unimoda had been authorized only Gawker Media the assets , and not the liabilities , of the company . " ( Unimoda is a subsidiary of Unimoda ) " Unimoda ’s Unimoda analysis was that the continued publication of the Unimoda the new entity would constitute the adoption of liability , and that Unimoda is therefore obligated to delete them , " Mr. Cook added Unimoda The Univision executives voted to remove six posts , while Mr. Cook voted Univision keep all seven online , he said . Mr. Cook the seven posts , which contains a photo Mr. Cook is the subject of a copyright complaint , will remain online for now . A decision on whether to remove that post has been postponed pending further legal analysis . In a statement , Univision said , " At this time of transition , the decision Univision based on a desire to have a clean slate as A decision on whether to remove that post to support and grow the editorial missions of the acquired brands . " The decision to remove the posts was reported earlier by Gizmodo . Univision ’s A decision on whether to remove that post a clear signal that Univision does not want to deal with any of the legal baggage the posts owning Gawker Media . In March , a Florida jury ruled against Gawker Media in an     lawsuit by the former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan , whose real name is Terry G. Bollea , Gawker Media him $ 140 million . Not long after the trial , Peter Thiel , a billionaire Silicon Valley entrepreneur , revealed in an Terry G. Bollea with The New York Times that he had secretly funded Mr. Bollea ’s case and others against Gawker Media , though he did not say which ones . The judgment , and the threat that Mr. Thiel could keep bankrolling Gawker Media , proved to he too much for Gawker , and in June , the company filed for he put itself up for sale . Univision won an auction for Gawker Media in August but decided it would Gawker to operate Gawker . com , Gawker Media ’s flagship site , which had Gawker Media the most criticism of any Gawker Media Univision . In a memo to Gawker on Saturday , Isaac Lee , chief news , entertainment and digital officer at Univision , Gawker Media the decision to remove the posts " does not reflect an editorial judgment about their content . " He also sought to reassure employees Univision Univision would stand behind Gawker Media posts going forward . " Should there be threats in the the posts related to stories Isaac Lee, chief news, entertainment and digital officer at Univision on our Gawker Media Group sites Univision no matter the date of publication , we will defend them as vigorously as we would defend stories published by Univision News , Fusion , The Root or any of our other properties , " our Lee wrote threats in the future related to stories published on our Gawker Media Group sites adding that the our to remove the posts was " not a precedent for the future . " The deleted posts include two that were published by Gizmodo in 2012 about the claim by a man named Shiva Ayyadurai that he had invented email . Mr. the posts lawsuit this year against Gawker Nick Denton , the company ’s founder and two Gawker Mr. Ayyadurai Sam Biddle , contending that Mr. Ayyadurai that cast doubt on Mr. Ayyadurai ’s claims were defamatory . Charles J. Harder , who represented Mr. Bollea in the lawsuit against Gawker , is representing Mr. Ayyadurai in the lawsuit . It is not clear if Mr. Ayyadurai providing financial support for the case Mr. Harder of Fox News Mr. Ayyadurai potential litigation against New York magazine , and Melania Trump , the wife of the lawsuit against Gawker presidential nominee , Donald J. Trump , in a libel lawsuit against The Daily Mail . ) Other Gawker Media posts that have been removed include two about Mitch Williams , a baseball analyst and former major league pitcher one about a conservative blogger and another that called a man acquitted of sexual assault charges a rapist . In place of the posts , a note reads , " This story is no longer available as it is the subject of pending litigation against the prior owners of this site . " The comments about the original post remain . In his memo , Mr. Cook wrote that the posts would be removed under a provision in Gawker ’s collective bargaining agreement that states : " This story a story has been posted , it can only be removed by a majority vote of the executive editor , the C. E. O. Mr. Cook the general counsel , unless required the posts . " The provision was written into the contract between Writers Guild of America , East , and Gawker Media when Gawker Media ’s a story employees unionized , before Gawker put itself up for sale . The guild said in a statement on Saturday that it was " deeply troubled " by the a provision in Gawker’s collective bargaining agreement that states remove the posts . " Though Unimoda has offered assurances that it is committed to robust , fearless journalism , this move seems to belie that claim , Gawker the guild said . Writers Guild of America decision to remove these posts casts a significant pall over Unimoda ’s claimed commitment to the core values of our members employed by Unimoda . " Union members plan Unimoda meet next week to discuss " an appropriate response " to Univision ’s decision , the guild Writers Guild of America Mr. Cook also wrote that Mr. Holguin , the posts operating officer of the Fusion Media Unimoda , a division of Univision , had been appointed interim chief executive Unimoda Gawker Media , and Mr. Grant , the general counsel of Fusion Media , had been named the company ’s Writers Guild of America counsel . The decision to delete the posts was met with anger and indignation on social media by current and former Gawker employees . " Univision , " Mr. Cook wrote on Twitter shortly after midnight on Saturday , " would have been a good Gawker post . " 
 