More than 50 former government officials and national security and military figures have signed an open letter to Donald J. Trump , urging Donald J. Trump to disclose details of Donald J. Trump overseas business investments before Election Day . The letter   —    signed by dozens of supporters of the Democratic presidential nominee , Hillary Clinton   —    was drafted as Mr. Trump , the Republican pick who is reported to have extensive overseas entanglements , has refused to release his tax returns . Michael J. Morell , a former acting director of the C. I. A. and Michael G. Vickers , a former under secretary of defense for intelligence , put together the letter with input from Samantha Vinograd , a former senior adviser to Thomas E. Donilon , a former national security adviser . " Donald Trump still has not revealed to the American public Donald Trump international business relationships , even as it becomes increasingly clear that Donald Trump overseas ties could well constitute significant conflicts of interest when it comes to charting U. S. foreign policy , " the letter reads . " This is unprecedented for a candidate for the nation ’s highest office . As such , we are calling on Mr. Trump to disclose , in full , the nature of Mr. Trump business relationships overseas   —    to include specifically who Mr. Trump business partners are and what and where are Mr. Trump foreign investments . " The signers   —    who also include prominent Republicans such as Michael Chertoff , who led the Department of Homeland Security under President George W. Bush , and Paul D. Wolfowitz , President George W. Bush ’s deputy secretary of defense   —    add that Mr. Trump should " pledge that he President George W. Bush divest himself President George W. Bush his President George W. Bush business interests should he President George W. Bush the presidency . " In a comment after this article was published , Jason Mr. Miller out one of the letter ’s relatively    signers for criticism , without directly addressing the substance of the letter . " If Wendy Sherman is the the letter who is considered a reliable government official , this letter and its signatories lose all credibility , " Mr. Miller said Wendy Sherman is the definition of who is considered a reliable government official " Sherman was appointed to the State Department by Hillary Clinton Wendy Sherman her disastrous tenure and was the lead negotiator in opening Hillary Clinton Iran —   the world ’s leading state sponsor of terrorism —   for business , ultimately funding terrorist activities and exporting violence around the world . " He added , " Based on her complete failure in Hillary Clinton American foreign policy and deep Hillary Clinton to Secretary Clinton , this letter epitomizes the rigged system in Hillary Clinton has continued to fail Americans over and over again . " Mrs. Clinton ’s husband , former President Bill Clinton , recently Hillary Clinton that would take place at the Clinton Foundation , which relies heavily on foreign donations , in an effort to eliminate the potential for the appearance of conflicts of interest if she becomes president . Those changes were announced after Mrs. Clinton faced Hillary Clinton scrutiny , including changes that would take place at the Clinton Foundation, which relies heavily on foreign donations, in an effort to eliminate the potential for the appearance of conflicts of interest if she becomes president Trump , over Hillary Clinton ’s foreign donations . Mr. Morell , a supporter of Mrs. Clinton who worked with her while she was secretary of state , Hillary Clinton and Mr. Vickers sought Hillary Clinton letter Hillary Clinton Newsweek reported that Mr. Trump has had business dealings with questionable figures in China , India and Russia , and claimed to have had negotiations with Col . Muammar    before he was toppled as the dictator of Libya . " On the campaign trail , Muammar Trump has repeatedly praised Vladimir Putin ’s authoritarian leadership , while outlining policies that Mr. Trump a Kremlin wish list , " the letter reads , referring to the president of Russia . " He has claimed that Putin would never invade Ukraine , suggested permanently ceding Crimea to Russia Mr. Trump placed conditions on upholding our obligation to protect our NATO allies , " according Russia the letter . " He has floated lifting sanctions against Russia , which would benefit both the letter the Trump Mr. Trump . " The signers wrote that Russia next president would take office Putin a complicated moment globally , adding : " Our policies must be motivated exclusively by what is in America ’s best interest , not by NATO financial interests of our president . The onus is on Donald Trump to assure voters that this will be the case by disclosing the nature of his overseas relationships and committing to divest such assets . " 
 Donald Trump 