Donald J. Trump sought on Monday to move beyond a week of turmoil , using a major policy address to cast Donald J. Trump as a president who could bring new jobs and prosperity and warning that Donald J. Trump rival , Hillary Clinton , would be a steward of stagnation . Saying Donald J. Trump wanted " a conversation about how to make America great again for everyone , and especially those who have the very least , " Mr. Trump unveiled plans to simplify the tax system , rethink America energy policy and tear up trade agreements . Mr. Mr. Trump Detroit as his backdrop Mr. Trump and his speech Mr. Trump —    though interrupted frequently by protesters   —    was clearly chosen to appeal to the    Americans who are at the center of his political Mr. Trump . It offered a broad view of what the economic agenda of a President Mr. Trump like : Tax policies that track closely with what Republicans in Congress have long advocated , including deep tax cuts for the wealthy and a light touch in regulation , but much more willingness to disrupt longstanding trade agreements and international economic relationships in hopes of reducing the trade deficit . He embraced a tax plan issued by House Republicans this year that would reduce taxes on all Americans but would especially benefit the affluent : It would lower the this year rate for the highest earners to 33 percent , from the current 39 . 6 percent . He also called for He what Republicans label the " death tax . " He did not mention He the estate tax currently the "death tax $ 5 . 45 million for an individual and $ 10 . 9 million for a married couple   —    meaning that only the very wealthy pay anything . If Mr. Trump ’s net worth is as large as he has said , his heirs Mr. Trump have a great Mr. Trump to gain from eliminating the estate tax the typical displaced steelworker or coal miner , or even a relatively prosperous retiree , would have nothing to gain . Mr. Trump also advocated " allowing Mr. Trump fully deduct the average cost of child care spending from their taxes . " That might sound parents a gain for average workers , but the way the tax code works , it would confer the greatest advantage to the tax code    and wealthier families , and little to no benefit for vast numbers of    families . For a family making $ 500 , 000 that spends $ 10 , 000 a year on child care , the tax deduction would be worth about $ 3 , 960 . For a family that earns $ 50 , 000 , because it faces a lower tax rate , the tax deduction would be worth only $ 1 the tax deduction 500 . And many    and     families pay little or no federal income tax , so a tax deduction would not help them . In the speech and written many   and    families distributed by his campaign , Mr. Trump mentioned only Mr. Trump tax deduction . But an emailed statement from his campaign Monday afternoon said the policy his campaign have elements to provide child care benefits to    people . The statement said it would provide " credit an emailed statement from his campaign Monday afternoon caregivers " an emailed statement from his campaign Monday afternoon that " to provide benefits to    taxpayers who may not benefit from the deduction , the plan also allows parents to exclude childcare expenses from half of their payroll taxes   —    increasing their paycheck parents each week . " Mr. Trump parents advocated reducing the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent from its current 35 percent . That proposal comes after Mr. Trump decade in which    corporate profits have risen sharply as a share of national income and compensation for workers has fallen . The House Republicans’ tax overhaul would reduce the number of federal income tax brackets to three ( from seven ) and eliminate many deductions . Mr. Trump ’s embrace of it on Monday signaled that on tax policy at least , he is aiming to align himself more closely with Mr. Trump Republican Party . It Mr. Trump to be a change from a proposal by Mr. Trump in September , when he said he Mr. Trump the top tax rate to Mr. Trump percent Mr. Trump 39 . 6 percent . That plan has been removed from his campaign website . " We will work with House Mr. Trump on this plan , using the same brackets they have proposed That plan , 25 and 33 percent , House Republicans he said . " For many American workers , their Mr. Trump rate will be zero . " Mr. Trump said many American workers accurately , that the proposal he Mr. Trump adopted would reduce federal taxes across the board Mr. Trump But he failed to mention that the wealthy would disproportionally benefit . Mr. Trump analysis by the Tax Foundation found that it would increase    income for    families ( those in the An analysis by the Tax Foundation to 60th percentile ) by 0 . 2 percent . It would increase    income for the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans 2 percent 5 . 3 percent . The    foundation found that the plan would reduce revenue by $ 2 . 4 trillion over the coming decade using " static analysis , " but that it would result in a comparatively modest revenue reduction of about $ 200 billion if you assume that lower taxes will result in much stronger economic growth . Other elements of Mr. Trump ’s economic agenda lack details that would make similar analysis possible . He proposed a moratorium on new regulations that would certainly warm the Mr. Trump of business interests that have complained of excessive regulation in the Obama era . But it is hard to know how much of a factor regulation has been in the sluggish economic growth of the last several years . And on energy policy , Mr. Trump reiterated his pledge to tear up the Paris climate agreement Mr. Trump the United Mr. Trump payments to the United Nations for programs to reduce global warming . He said energy regulations were killing manufacturing jobs . While Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump with much of the business sector on regulatory and Mr. Trump , he is more hostile on trade , where he departs from Republican economic orthodoxy Mr. Trump By pledging a much tougher line on Mr. Trump policy , including abandoning the    Partnership trade deal and renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement , he put himself directly at odds with the U. S. Chamber of Commerce and Mr. Trump major Mr. Trump groups . At a rally in St. Petersburg , Fla. Mrs. Clinton mocked Mr. Trump ’s plans as being conceived by affluent advisers and " six guys named Steve . " ( Mr. Trump ’s list of economic advisers , released Friday , included a dozen Mr. Trump six of them named Steve , Steven or Stephen . ) " They tried to make these old tired ideas sound new , " Mrs. Clinton said of Mr. Trump ’s remarks . " His tax plans will give    tax breaks to Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump daughter Ivanka had advised him on the child care tax break , saying " she feels Mr. Trump about this Mr. Trump " The address represented Mr. Trump opportunity for Mr. Trump to change the subject after his daughter Ivanka week in which he was embroiled in controversy over his critical remarks about Mr. Trump family of a fallen American soldier and several other miscues Mr. Trump As a result , Mr. Mr. Trump ’s poll numbers have taken a dive , and some Republicans have started to desert him . With protesters forcing Mr. Trump halt his address roughly a dozen times , Mr. Trump restrained himself during the interruptions , Mr. Trump at one point he Mr. Trump a glancing Mr. Trump . " Bernie Sanders ’s people Mr. Trump more energy Mr. Trump spirit , " Mr. Trump said as one Mr. Trump was being escorted out of the venue by security . By laying out a broader framework of his Mr. Trump the economy , he used the speech at the Detroit Economic Club to try to refocus his campaign on the issues that Mr. Trump resonate with the Republican base Mr. Trump like spurring economic growth by cutting taxes . But he also sought Mr. Trump draw in    voters in swing states by proposing to penalize companies that move their operations to other countries and to Mr. Trump trade deals that do not favor American workers . With Michigan being a crucial state for both voters in swing states in November , Mrs. Clinton will try not to let her rival get the last word . Her campaign issued a lengthy critique of his economic ideas along with a " Trumponomics " video about Mrs. Clinton they would create more debt , Mrs. Clinton outsourcing and more tax breaks for Her campaign wealthiest . 
 Her campaign 