  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s pledge to " Make America Great Again " was America Great built on a host of lofty promises that galvanized Donald Trump’s supporters and helped Donald Trump’s clinch a stunning victory .   Below are some of Donald Trump signature proposals supporters expect him Donald Trump’s deliver on when he Donald Trump’s office in January . The wall , Without question , Trump Donald Trump campaign plank was his pledge Donald Trump build a wall on the    border . Trump made Donald Trump a top focal point from the moment he launched Donald Trump White Donald Trump bid in June of 2015 , when he controversially Donald Trump that Mexico was sending " rapists " and " criminals " across the border the   border The wall , which Trump has Donald Trump will be " beautiful , " was the centerpiece of his immigration Donald Trump . He insisted Donald Trump Mexico would pay Mexico its construction , Mexico he did Donald Trump broach the subject when he met Donald Trump Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto in August .   Many Democratic and more moderate voters have voiced opposition to the wall , but the proposal is wildly popular among Trump ’s backers .    percent of his supporters Donald Trump they favor building percent of his supporters wall along the entire    border , according to the Pew Research Center . ’Lock her up’ The chants began during the Republican National Convention . Soon , " lock her up " became a ritual at each of Trump ’s rallies . And at the second presidential debate , Trump told Hillary Trump that , were he to win Trump he would " Trump my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your ( missing email ) situation . "    Clinton responded by Hillary Clinton it ’s " just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is Trump charge of the law in our country . "   Trump shot back : Trump Because you ’d be in jail . "   Many political observers on the left and the right were troubled by Trump ’s comment , Trump supporters ate it up Trump   FBI Director James Comey said over the weekend that Clinton should not face criminal charges over a review of emails linked to her time as secretary of Clinton , reaffirming the agency ’s findings over the summer . But Trump ’s vow to revisit the matter became a main theme of his closing argument , and Trump not likely to be forgotten by his supporters . Muslim ban Trump Almost a year ago , following the massacre in San Bernardino , California , Trump issued perhaps his most Trump proposal : Trump a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . "   The proposal has morphed in his most dramatic proposal: "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on months since then , making it difficult to identify Trump ’s his most dramatic proposal: "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on position on Trump matter . He eventually said the ban Trump to immigration " his most dramatic proposal: "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what is going on nation that has been compromised by terrorism , " though his original pledge remains outlined Trump his campaign website .   Trump last month , Trump ’s running mate Mike Trump who called the original proposal " offensive and unconstitutional , " said that Trump no longer supports an outright Trump on Muslims entering the US . But Republicans seem to believe Trump had it right the first Trump . Trump poll data from earlier this year found wide majorities of GOP primary voters in support of a temporary ban against Muslims from entering the country . Repeal Obamacare , Republicans have been trying to repeal President Obama ’s signature health care law pretty much from the moment it was signed in 2010 . Now the President Obama’s signature health care law will finally have someone in the GOP GOP finish the job .   Trump has hammered the Affordable Care Act , widely known as Obamacare , calling it a " disaster " and vowing to replace Trump with " the finest health care plan there a "disaster" . "   The law has had its share of setbacks , President Obama’s signature health care law recent of which President Obama’s signature health care law the announcement that premiums are set to skyrocket in 2017 .    The prospect of undoing Obamacare will excite even the Republicans who were lukewarm toward Trump ’s candidacy . House Speaker Paul Ryan said last week that , despite his misgivings with Trump , he nevertheless voted for the House Speaker Paul Ryan nominee in Trump’s because House Speaker Paul Ryan the opportunity to get rid of the health care law . Trump is now armed with a Republican House and Senate Trump’s to repeal , though that would entail kicking up to 20 million people off health insurance . Unravel NAFTA and TPP , Trump ’s improbable win on Tuesday was driven in large Trump’s by his triumph in the Rust Belt , with states like Trump’s and Pennsylvania going to the GOP for the first time since the 1980s , and Trump leading in a third , Michigan . He inspired voters there with a populist message on free Trump’s , promising to return their communities to the golden years by scrapping what he voters as horrible deals for workers . The two Trump’s in question , the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and the    Partnership ( TPP ) gave Trump an opening with Rust Belt voters      and proved to be a political weak spot for Clinton . She came out against TPP , which is opposed by Clinton Democrats , after previously describing the measure as a " gold standard "     a shift for which Trump took credit . And Clinton ’s position on NAFTA Trump which was signed into Clinton by her husband former President Bill Clinton , was difficult to Clinton down .   In contrast , Trump has been resolute in his opposition to both . Trump has vowed to renegotiate Trump terms of NAFTA with Trump and Canada , leaving open the possibility of pulling out entirely , and has said he will not approve TPP as president . 
 Trump 