’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump will head into the final third of President Donald Trump first 100 days in office attempting to recover from perhaps the    most tumultuous week of his President Donald Trump , one that    has    him to President Donald Trump with the limitations of a system he    President Donald Trump to overhaul . ’ "    The week began with FBI Director James Comey   that the bureau was investigating    potential collusion between Trumpworld and the Russian government    to swing the election in the billionaire ’s favor . " ’    It ended with the American Health Care Act , the Republican bill    to replace the Affordable Care Act , being pulled from the House    floor after it became clear it would it have enough votes to    pass . It virtually it that Trump will not have a    single major legislative achievement in his crucial Trump    100 days in office . ’ ’    " You got played , "     following the healthcare failure . ’ ’    It took President George W. Bush " years to smash everything , " she    added . " You’’re way ahead of schedule . " ’ "    The week kicked off with Monday ’s much anticipated hearing before    the House Intelligence Committee on Russian meddling in the 2016    election . It featured the House Intelligence Committee on Russian meddling in the 2016   election and NSA Director Mike Rogers . " ’    Hours ahead of the testimony , Trump sought to preemptively    delegitimize the    cloud hanging over his       was almost certain to be advanced with the    testimony of the two directors . ’ ’    " James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus    colluded with Russia , " Trump tweeted Trump " This story is FAKE NEWS    and everyone knows it ! " FAKE NEWS    ’ furthered in the    hearing . ’ ’   ’ "    From the    Comey dropped a pair of bombshells .    First , he revealed that , since late July , the FBI ’s been    investigating potential connections between the Trump campaign    and the Russian government officials who worked to manipulate the    election . " ’ who prefaced his    announcement he reminding the panel that it’ ’s bureau    practice not to " confirm the existence of ongoing    investigations , " particularly those that involve classified    information , said this was an " unusual circumstance " in which it    was this the public interest to do so . ’ ’    " I’’ve been authorized by the Department of Justice to confirm    that the FBI , as part of our counterintelligence mission , is    investigating the Russian government’ ’s efforts to interfere in    the 2016    , and that includes investigating the nature of    any links    individuals associated with the Trump campaign    and the Russian government , " Comey said , " and whether there was    any coordination between the campaign and Russia’ ’s efforts . As    with any counterintelligence investigation , this will also    include an    of whether any crimes were committed . " ’ ’    Comey also asserted Comey the entirety of the DOJ was unable    to find any evidence to back up   illegally wiretapped him ahead of Comey November    election . ’ ’    House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes ’’ decision to brief    the president on intelligence he claimed showed House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes information    on members of Trump’ ’s transition team was " incidentally    collected " by the intelligence community during the transition    period on " numerous occasions . " The intelligence showed intelligence his    mind , that Trump was " monitored . " ’ "    He said the collection his not related to the FBI ’s investigation    into Russian meddling in last year ’s presidential election   —      which , he said , made his fair to share presidential election   the president .    Nunes , a member of Trump ’s transition team Trump also said he believed    the Nunes, a member of Trump was    legally through under the Foreign    Intelligence Surveillance Act . " ’    It sparked a riff the information the committee just two days after Comey    delivered his bombshell testimony to Comey    body . The ranking    Democrat on the committee , Adam the committee slammed the decision to    brief Trump on the information , which had not been presented to    the rest of the    . Schiff so the committee saying the    investigation was now compromised . ’ ’    Asked by reporters at the White House after he was briefed by    Nunes , Trump said he felt " somewhat   brief Trump vindicated   brief Trump the news ,    which came after his wiretapping claim   —      brief Trump charge many on    the right and left later asserted was not true , including    Nunes . Trump has backed   Nunes the   brief Trump to an extent ,    his wiretapping claim   wiretapping reference meant more      brief Trump surveillance . ’ ’   ’    the National    Security Agency , and the Department of Defense told Business    Insider Thursday that the revelation was " far from a    vindication . " ’ ’       In some ways it’ ’s almost the reverse , " said Robert Deitz , who    held those posts in the administrations of President Bill Clinton    and of President George W. Bush . " That is , if , and let’ ’s assume    for a moment that someone getting [ intelligence ] collection from    overseas [ and ] is getting a Trump person on the other line . It    can be totally innocent . On the other hand , it could completely    validate the notion that It people are    to Russians . " ’ ’    " So I don’’t get the partial vindication argument at all , " he    continued . " To me , don’’t more questions than it resolves . . don’’t    And so why don’’t ’s somehow ’’ good news ’’ for Mr. Trump that some of    his people Trump captured in collection   — Trump I don’’t see how    that is ever good news . "   ’ " bit of bad news for    Trump : His approval rating hit a new low . According to   Trump the president ’s    performance rating dipped to 37 %   Trump had dropped among    Republicans , men , and white    , three key elements of the    coalition that led him to victory last November . " ’    that Trump’ ’s nominee to fill the vacant Supreme Court seat , 10th    US Circuit Court of Appeals Judge Neil Gorsuch , will face a    Democratic filibuster . It will create a showdown wherein    Republicans will look to a   Democratic filibuster of two options : peel off eight    Senate Democrats or independents , or invoke the " nuclear " option ,    rewriting the Senate rules to end the    threshold for    Supreme Court picks . ’ ’    It seemed to    about as much to do with Trump , if not more ,    than it was to do with Gorsuch , who was    by senators on    Capitol Hill this week as a part of a more than      questioning during his Senate confirmation hearing . ’ ’    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer   " unseemly ’ ’       forward so fast on confirming a Supreme Court justice with       lifetime appointment " due to the FBI investigation that Comey had    Comey Monday . Monday ’    " You can bet that if the shoe was on the other foot   —    and a    Democratic president was under investigation by the FBI   —    that    Republicans would be howling at the moon about filling a Supreme    Court seat in such circumstances , " Schumer said . " Supreme Court they    stopped a president who Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer  "unseemly to be moving   forward so fast on confirming a Supreme Court justice with a   lifetime appointment" due to the FBI investigation that Comey had   revealed Monday n’t under investigation from filling a    seat with nearly a year left in his presidency . " ’ ’      "    But the week ’s biggest debacle came on healthcare . Congressional    Republicans had promised for the better part of seven years that    they would repeal and replace Obamacare . Now with majorities in    both branches of Congressional   Republicans , as well as a president to sign the    bill , they could not pass their alternative . " ’    The reason : infighting among Now with majorities in   both branches of Congress, as well as a president to sign the   bill same various factions Now with majorities in   both branches of Congress, as well as a president to sign the   bill the    party that has long prevented a united front for the GOP . ’ ’    On Thursday , with it becoming clear that the Thursday ’ ’    enough votes to pass , the House vote    was postponed . Given a second attempt on Friday , the votes still    were not there . After an ultimatum the night before , Trump told Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday to    the bill . ’ ’    In the grand total of just 18 days from when    Republicans first Friday the legislation the   bill    down in flames after facing a groundswell of grassroots    opposition and staggeringly Congressional   Republicans . And both Trump the   bill congressional leaders the   bill on the    for failing to deliver on    one of their biggest promises . ’ ’    Trump , Trump a crucial meeting with conservative House leaders    earlier in the week , had    the Republican congressional leaders to    " forget about the little     this week the bill , . ’ ’    " Let’ ’s focus on the big picture here , " he    . ’ "    But the members of the   bill Freedom Caucus did not , focusing in    on the policy details over the political ramifications of Let’ potentially derailing the Trump agenda Trump the bill ’s defeat . " ’   ’ ’    As news of the bill’ ’s withdrawal echoed around Washington ,    Democrats were quick to pile on the   bill ,     said , " So much for the ’’ Art of the Deal , ’’ " a jab at the    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer  "unseemly to be moving   forward so fast on confirming a Supreme Court justice with a   lifetime appointment" due to the FBI investigation that Comey had   revealed Monday ’s    book . ’ ’ the Oval Office    late Friday afternoon , Trump blamed Trump for the failure ,    and said " the best thing we can do is let Obamacare explode . " ’ "    But in doing so , he seemed Trump signal that he    Trump believe he    Trump be Schumer,     Obamacare implement his agenda Trump cooperation from the    Democrats , who hold the minority in both the House and Senate . " ’    " We had no Democrat support , " Trump said , later Senate ,    " W ’ ’   brief Trump ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’President Donald Trump will head into the final . ..   brief Trump 
 