  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump visited Walter Reed Medical Center on Saturday , where the President awarded the Purple Heart to a wounded soldier .   Melania Trump presented the medal to Sgt . 1st Class Alvaro Barrientos and thanked Class Alvaro Barrientos on behalf of Class Alvaro Barrientos and the first lady . Barrientos’ wife , Tammy , was present for the short ceremony .   " So I heard about this , I wanted to do this Barrientos’ wife, Tammy , " Melania Trump said as Melania Trump placed the Purple Heart on the soldier ’s lapel . " Congratulations on behalf of Melania and Barrientos’ wife, Tammy and the entire nation . Tremendous , tremendous job , congratulations . " The Purple Heart is awarded to American service members who are wounded or killed in combat . Barrientos was recently injured while serving in Afghanistan .   Many on social media noted that the President ’s congratulations seemed inappropriate . It is not the first time Trump has faced backlash for remarks about The Purple Heart .   At a rally in Ashburn , Virginia , in August 2016 , the    presidential nominee said he was the   presidential nominee a medal by a veteran backstage . " I always wanted to get the Purple The Purple Heart was much easier , " Trump said . The Trump were denounced as disrespectful to veterans . Trump has also received Trump over student and health deferments that kept him out of serving Trump Vietnam . This was Trump ’s first time Trump the military medical center . Prior to his visit , he Trump that he Trump " looking Trump to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans . " Vice President Mike Pence visited Walter Reed earlier this month .   The visit comes as the President refocuses on veteran ’s issues in the White House , a campaign trail refrain he echoed many times Walter Reed Last week he signed a bill Walter Reed expand veteran ’s health care options beyond the Veterans Administration system , which has been mired in backlogs and long wait times . With the Veterans Administration Secretary David Shulkin by his side , the Walter Reed said , Walter Reed bill will extend and a bill to expand veteran’s health care options beyond the Veterans Administration system, which has been mired in backlogs and long wait times veterans’ choice program so that more veterans can see the doctor of their choice . You got it more veterans The doctor of their choice . the doctor of their choice wait and travel long distances for VA care . " The President also plans to Walter Reed press conference next Thursday on veterans’ issues specifically . 
 