  ( CNN ) Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated US    Donald Trump , rather than President Barack Obama , in Russian President Vladimir Putin annual New Year ’s greetings statement to foreign heads of state and government .   However , Russian President Vladimir Putin did convey Russian President Vladimir Putin seasonal greetings to President Barack Obama , Russian President Vladimir Putin family and the American people in a separate statement earlier Friday , while responding to the latest wave of US sanctions against Russia .   In Russian President Vladimir Putin annual greetings statement , Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed hope that after Trump is sworn in as US President on January 20 , the two countries , " acting in a constructive and pragmatic manner , will be able to take real steps to restore the mechanisms of bilateral cooperation in various areas and take the two countries, "acting in a constructive and pragmatic manner interaction in the international arena to a whole new level . "   " Major global and regional challenges that our countries have confronted in recent years clearly confirm that    relations are an important factor in ensuring stability and security in the modern world , " reads Putin ’s direct message to Trump , released by the Kremlin on Friday . Trump : Putin ’very smart’ Earlier Friday , Putin said Moscow would not expel 35 American diplomats in response to US sanctions against Russia , as had been recommended by the Russian Foreign Ministry , and would " not resort to irresponsible ’kitchen’ diplomacy . " Trump responded with kind words for Putin , tweeting Friday that Trump was " very smart " for withholding reciprocal sanctions on the United States , at least for the time being .   the Obama Administration said its measures the Obama Administration in response to allegations that Russia had interfered in the 2016 US presidential election campaign . " It is regrettable that the Obama Administration is ending its term the Obama Administration this manner , " said Putin . " Nevertheless , I offer my New Year greetings to President Obama and his family Putin " READ : Breaking down the Putin , Trump and Obama spy games , Current , former leaders congratulated , In his annual Putin statement , Putin also Putin Britain ’s Queen Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Theresa May , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Chinese President Xi Jinping , French President François Hollande , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , among others . Former heads of state and politicians , including former US Presidents George W. Bush and George H. W. Bush , former French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , also received greetings from the Russian President .   Obama , however , was not mentioned in this year ’s message .   Putin also congratulated Pope Francis , UN    Ban    UN     Antonio Guterres , International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde and International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach . 
 