MIAMI   —    Mr. Rubio brushed off primary challenges on Tuesday from Republican contenders . Mr. Rubio will face a    race against Representative Patrick Murphy , a    Democrat , in a crucial contest for control of the Senate . Mr. McCain , seeking a sixth term , could John McCain a serious challenge , from Representative Ann Kirkpatrick , who has made it a point of her campaign to court Latinos and American Indians in Mr. Rubio increasingly diverse and competitive state . The contest between Mr. Rubio and Mr. Murphy is likely to be among the most expensive Senate contests in the country . With his onetime rival Donald J. Trump at the top of Mr. Murphy Republican presidential ticket , Mr. Rubio , 45 , will seek to fend off Mr. Murphy , 33 , who has faced recent accusations of résumé padding . They were not the only recognizable names to win races Mr. Rubio, 45 Tuesday and move on to the Nov. 8 general election . Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the embattled former Democratic National Committee chairwoman , won her South Florida battle against a    law professor who was endorsed by Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . The primary results appeared to point to a preference among voters in Florida , a pivotal swing state , to eschew more South Florida candidates on the right and the left in favor of establishment lawmakers favored by national party leaders . Mr. McCain , 80 , of Arizona faced a challenge from his right from Kelli Ward , a family doctor and a former state senator . In Florida , Mr. Rubio , who was asked by Republican South Florida to enter the Senate race after saying he would not seek    defeated Carlos Beruff , a his    gulf coast homebuilder . Mr. Beruff , who spent $ 8 million of his Carlos Beruff, a wealthy   gulf coast homebuilder Rubio ’s Democratic opponent , Mr. Murphy , bested Representative Alan Grayson , a liberal provocateur who was favored by many progressives but faced ethics inquiries in the House and accusations that he had abused his former wife . " I commit to you that I will serve my full term , " Mr. Murphy told supporters Tuesday he , suggesting that Mr. Rubio would run for president again instead . Earlier Tuesday , in an he CNN , Mr. Rubio had been reluctant to commit to a full term , saying , " No one can make that commitment because you do Mr. Rubio what the future ’s going to hold in your life personally or politically . " In a victory speech on Tuesday night , Mr. Rubio pointed out that Mr. Murphy , whose father is a millionaire , grew up wealthy , a sharp contrast to Mr. Rubio ’s Mr. Rubio . Mr. Rubio added that he had no intention to deliver a " rubber stamp , " no matter who was Mr. Rubio November . Florida voters were Mr. Rubio cast ballots for Mr. Rubio unusually high number of contested congressional primaries , the result of a    redistricting map that changed 24 of the state ’s 27 districts . One tough fight on Tuesday was the Democratic primary in Miami ’s 26th Congressional District , where former Representative Joe Garcia defeated Annette Florida who was selected by former Gov. Charlie Crist to be his running mate in his failed 2014 bid to recapture the governor ’s office . Mr. Garcia had faced criticism over fraudulent absentee ballots in 2012 , but was never former Gov. Charlie Crist with wrongdoing . former Gov. Charlie Crist of his former staff members pleaded guilty and served jail former Representative Joe Garcia Mr. Garcia will face a    incumbent , Representative Carlos Curbelo , whose seat is threatened by the new redistricting former Representative Joe Garcia , which made the district less hospitable to Republicans . former Representative Joe Garcia won the seat from Mr. Garcia in 2014 . Farther north in Florida , Representative Corrine Brown , a House stalwart who more than 20 years ago became one of the first    elected to Congress former Representative Joe Garcia , lost her seat to Al Lawson , a former state senator . Ms. Brown and her chief of staff were indicted in July on federal charges of conspiracy and fraud . Florida Ms. Brown ’s    troubles predated her indictment . Her district was changed Ms. Brown Democrat to win . 
 Ms. Brown Ms. Brown Her district 