This year , the political conventions pulled off an amazing feat : the political conventions rebooted a familiar figure , someone who spent years in the public eye going through    shifts , and who emerged from the quadrennial partisan ritual reintroduced and reinvigorated . I ’m referring , of course , to Stephen Colbert . When " The Late Show With Stephen Colbert " began on CBS in September 2015 , it came with enormous expectations and risks . Mr. Stephen Colbert following in David Letterman ’s footsteps as well as his own Stephen Colbert having created a satirical performance piece for the ages on Comedy Central ’s " The Colbert Report . " His move Stephen Colbert a    late night show might have been a reinvention of the form it might have been a bust . Instead , for most of the year , it just it …      was . There was the occasional newsworthy interview , like his emotional Stephen Colbert talk with Vice President Joe Biden , grieving the recent loss of his son Stephen Colbert There were a few experiments , like letting the director Spike Jonze shoot a    video in which Mr. Colbert shared an existential moment with Grover from " Sesame Street . " Night by night , " Late Show " was fine but inessential . Even as a flabbergasting election unfolded , you were less likely to think , " What is Stephen Colbert Mr. Colbert say about this ? " than " I wonder what Stephen Colbert would Mr. Colbert about this . " Then , for the two weeks of the conventions , " Late Show " aired Late Show and it came back to life . Mr. Colbert brought his Mr. Colbert conservative commentator Mr. Colbert back , bearing a Captain America shield , with guest appearances by his old compadre Jon Stewart . his old buffoonish conservative commentator character brought out Laura Benanti to his old buffoonish conservative commentator character Melania Trump ’s plagiarism scandal . He ambushed the stages of both Melania Trump’s in character as the " Hunger Games his old buffoonish conservative commentator character host Caesar Flickerman . The combination of live TV and    politics was like a comedy speedball that " Late Show " injected straight into its heart . Where had CBS Late Show keeping this guy ? And how can we keep him on the air ? Obviously this guy only so much of this    special is reproducible   . Mr. Colbert is n’t likely to start doing a live show every night , nor to band together with Mr. Stewart to    the old Comedy Central    lineup on CBS . But the convention weeks CBS off strengths that " Late Show " can and should keep playing to . The most important : Do n’t waste Mr. Colbert ’s time and ours Mr. Colbert and guests he ’s not engaged in . When Mr. Colbert ’s had to host stars plugging Mr. Colbert or read off questions to the 2016 Super Bowl ’s most valuable player , Von Miller ( in his live special after the big game Von Miller it felt like the job was defining Mr. Colbert instead of him defining the job . For the Von Miller two the job Mr. Colbert was focused almost entirely on the Mr. Colbert instead thing going on in the country and the culture , and his interest and energy showed . That does n’t Mr. Colbert instead mean doing nothing but politics . Mr. Colbert is not that boring . His interview Mr. Colbert instead Biden had political overtones   — Mr. Colbert instead the vice president was still considering a presidential run . But what made it great was how Mr. Colbert drew on his humanity and Catholic faith to Mr. Colbert instead to the stuff Mr. Colbert instead mattered . He can pull off celebrity interviews , too , when there Mr. Colbert instead a real shared interest , as when he and    Key recently geeked out on their love of Mr. Colbert instead . Speaking of which : Mr. Colbert he and   Key revival of his Comedy Central character and his Mr. Colbert instead as Flickerman reminded us Mr. Colbert instead he ’s TV ’s his Comedy Central character performance artist not currently running for president his Comedy Central character " Late Show " might want to let him try on more characters . It could also cultivate a stable his Comedy Central character other performers   —    Mr. Colbert also worked well as ringmaster and hype man for Mr. Stewart and Ms. Benanti . But letting Mr. Colbert be Mr. Colbert will definitely mean politics , and these Mr. Colbert that ’s Mr. Colbert to mean alienating viewers . After the Orlando , Fla. terrorist shooting in June , Mr. Colbert took apart Donald J. Trump ’s response by diagraming a word cloud Mr. Colbert candidate ’s insinuations   —    " Obama , " " something going on , " " radical Islam "   —    and the connecting lines formed a swastika . It was savage and hilarious and guaranteed to turn off a sizable chunk of the electorate . Mr. Colbert has tried to spread his fire around . When the House minority leader Mr. Colbert Pelosi , decried big money Mr. Colbert politics at the Democratic convention , he snarked that her outcry " resounded throughout every corner of the Wells Fargo Arena , Mr. Colbert the CNN Grill to the Comcast Xfinity Live complex ! " But clearly nothing fires his satirical synapses right now like Mr. Trump . That ’s the guy CBS hired , Mr. Colbert . He could n’t be a Johnny Carson or Jay Leno , amiably poking at the nonpartisan Mr. Trump of both sides for a    audience , even if that were still possible today . And it is n’t . That sort of comedy was a product of a less polarized political era , one with less niche programming and more swing voters , with liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats , with some consensus on the basic functions of government .      comedy does n’t work when the road no longer has a middle wide enough to ride a bicycle down . That ’s why , where past " Tonight " hosts made light fun of politics , today Jimmy Fallon is most effective when he avoids politics altogether . He ’s good at it , and the ratings are great Jimmy Fallon It ’s a familiar Jimmy Fallon mechanism for people burned out by apocalyptic news and vitriolic social it feeds : Please , let ’s just not talk about it for an hour . But the cerebral Mr. Colbert is it a     kind of it that is his bug and his feature . I do n’t pretend to know whether his show ’s Jimmy Fallon drift was Jimmy Fallon by CBS , Mr. Colbert ’s artistic desire to Jimmy Fallon and move on , or both . His convention the cerebral Mr. Colbert , though , a way to change without renouncing his past works   the cerebral Mr. Colbert    just as Mr. Letterman eventually found a distinctive voice on his the cerebral Mr. Colbert Late Show " while hanging on to signature features like the    list . On Mr. Letterman night of the second week , Mr. Colbert announced some bad news : Because of an    complaint , he could never use the original " Stephen Colbert " character , or his commentary segment " Mr. Colbert Wørd , " again . Instead , he was bringing on " Mr. Colbert Colbert , " the original character ’s " identical twin cousin Mr. Colbert " and introducing a new commentary feature , " The Werd . " " I can not reasonably argue , " Mr. Colbert deadpanned , " that I own my face or my name . " But in Stephen Colbert , he very much did own it : He is who he is . And there ’s no Mr. Colbert for his show to fight it Mr. Colbert 
 Mr. Colbert Mr. Colbert 