A parade of surrogates for Donald J. Trump backed away on Sunday from a primary element of Donald J. Trump immigration policy , further muddying an issue on which Donald J. Trump sowed confusion in recent days . Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump mate on the Republican presidential ticket , would not affirm that their administration would the Republican presidential ticket the estimated 11 million immigrants who are in the country illegally , a    stance Mr. Pence Trump still sought Donald J. Trump deportation force , " which he called for last year Donald J. Trump Mr. Pence said Mr. Trump was speaking of Donald J. Trump mechanism , not a policy . " He also backed away from Mr. Donald J. Trump ’s opposition to automatic Donald J. Trump born in the United States to illegal immigrants . On CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Mr. Pence promised that Mr. Trump would lay out a detailed immigration Donald J. Trump the next two weeks , though Mr. Mr. Pence emphasized the issue for more than Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump last week suggested a " softening " toward Donald J. Trump , then seemed to reverse himself under fierce and immediate criticism from some conservatives . " Donald J. Trump see a C. E. O. at work , " Mr. Pence said . " You see someone who is engaging the American people , listening to the American people . " On Sunday evening , Mr. Trump posted on Twitter that he will make a " Donald J. Trump " about the the American people on Wednesday . The efforts of Mr. Trump ’s surrogates   —    who argued on Sunday that Donald J. Trump said recently was inconsistent   —    reflected a problem for Mr. Donald J. Trump as he lags Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee , in many Donald J. Trump He enters Donald J. Trump campaign ’s final stretch with immigration policies that are popular with his Donald J. Trump supporters but not with voters at large . Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump campaign manager , went even further than Mr. Pence , suggesting that Donald J. Trump longer favored the forced removal of illegal immigrants . " He Ms. Conway but he is talking about being fair and Donald J. Trump , " Ms. Conway said on CBS ’s " Donald J. Trump the Nation . " " He has said that , if you want to be here legally , you have to apply Donald J. Trump be here legally , " she added . The statement seemed to suggest that immigrants would be able to attain legal status without leaving the country , a position that conservatives call amnesty   —    and that Mr. Pence said was not an option . Reince Priebus , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " that he agreed Mr. Trump had oversimplified immigration during the primary campaign . " But now he ’s reflecting on it , and his position is going to be known , " he said . Also appearing on " Meet the Press " was David Plouffe , President Obama ’s former campaign manager , who he Mr. Trump mentally unhinged . " he have a psychopath running for president , " he said . " I mean , Meet the Press the Press , O. K. Mr. Plouffe Conceding he was no psychologist , Mr. Plouffe cited Mr. he ’s " grandiose notion of    he lying , lack of empathy and remorse . " He predicted that Mrs. Clinton would win the election in a landslide . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Plouffe he 