  ( CNN ) Adele swept the top honors at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards , but the night was shared with Beyoncé .   Adele went home with five total awards , including album of the year for " 25 . "   Beyoncé won two , including best music video for " Formation " and best urban contemporary album for " Lemonade . "   The two superstars each provided stellar performances . Beyoncé , who recently announced Adele ’s expecting twins , reminded everyone why Adele nickname is Queen Bey with a powerful medley of   " Love Drought " and " Sandcastles . " The    set was a celebration of women and motherhood . Beyoncé ’s mother of a Grammy performance , Adele opened The   set with her Adele " Hello . " She Adele performed a slowed arrangement of George Michael ’s " Fastlove " in tribute to the singer , who died on Christmas Day . After a few verses , Adele Adele an expletive and stopped . " I ’m sorry , I ca n’t mess this up for him an expletive " Adele Adele .   She Adele beautifully powered through the song . The audience responded with a standing ovation . Adele Adele , restarts during George Michael Grammy tribute , Adele Adele evening got better when her Adele " Hello " won Grammy Awards for song and record of the year .   During her Adele speech for the latter , she Adele her Adele for fellow nominee , Beyoncé .   " I adore you and I want you to be my mommy , " Adele Adele . Moments later when she Adele album of the the year Adele Adele Beyoncé deserved it more . " The artist of my life is Beyoncé , Beyoncé this album to me , the ’Lemonade’ album , was just so monumental , " said a Adele Beyoncé Adele who mouthed " I love you " from the audience .   Adele broke her Adele in Adele     it ’s not clear whether that was an accident , though it appeared to be that was an accident and backstage talked of how devastating Beyoncé ’s loss was Beyoncé her as a Adele . " I was completely rooting for her , I Adele for her , " Adele said . Adele I felt like it was her time to Adele . What the f * * * does she have to Adele to win album of the year ? " David Bowie posthumously won five Grammy Awards for his final album , David Bowie Blackstar . "   Chance the Rapper won the first award of the night for best new artist . " Glory be to God , " the Chicago native said before thanking his family and his David Bowie .   David Bowie rapper also won the Rapper album     making history as the first artist with a    album to win a Grammy . The    climate of the country was reflected throughout the ceremony . A Tribe Called Quest teamed up with Anderson . Paak and Busta Rhymes for a set that included criticism of President Donald Trump . " I just want to thank President Agent Orange for perpetuating all of the evil that you ’ve been perpetuating throughout the United States , " Rhymes said before launching into the song " We the People . "   James Corden had a few political lines , but the Grammy host largely kept the focus of the night on the music and his    brand of humor James Corden 
 