In a 2013 paid speech hosted by Goldman Sachs , Hillary Clinton said Hillary Clinton had not yet decided whether Hillary Clinton would run for president again . But Hillary Clinton did offer some friendly advice to the bank ’s chief executive , Lloyd Blankfein , when Hillary Clinton asked what Hillary Clinton would need to do to mount Hillary Clinton own hypothetical bid . " I think you would leave Goldman Sachs and start running a soup kitchen somewhere , " Mrs. Hillary Clinton . " Then you could be a legend in your own time , both when you were there and when you left . " Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton to release transcripts of her speeches to Wall Hillary Clinton firms during the Democratic primary contests , when her rival , Senator Hillary Clinton Sanders of Vermont , intensely criticized her for accepting roughly Hillary Clinton 225 , 000 per speech . But on Saturday , transcripts of three appearances at Goldman Sachs events were released by WikiLeaks , part of a trove of thousands of emails obtained by hackers who illegally breached the email account of one of Mrs. Clinton ’s top Hillary Clinton The genial relationship she appeared to have with Hillary Clinton Blankfein and other Wall Street executives at the events would not have Goldman Sachs events Clinton well in the Hillary Clinton contests , when Mr. Sanders used the speeches to portray her as being too close to Hillary Clinton Street . But for Mrs. Clinton , who is often criticized as overly scripted , her relaxed ,     exchanges at Hillary Clinton private events also revealed a side that she has struggled to show voters Hillary Clinton the intense glare of a presidential race . While the emails released last week showed Mrs. Clinton ’s cadre of campaign aides agonizing over jokes she should tell in public and calculating Mrs. Clinton’s implications , the transcripts revealed Mrs. Clinton freely dispensing her own quick Mrs. Clinton’s a    audience Mrs. Clinton’s In one     session with Mr. Blankfein , Mrs. Clinton relayed an argument she had had Mrs. Clinton’s of state , when Mrs. Clinton’s tried to persuade a Chinese diplomat that his Mrs. Clinton’s had no more right to claim the South China Sea than the United States had to the Pacific Ocean . " He says to me , ‘ We ’ll , his know , his ’ll claim Hawaii,’ " Mrs. Clinton told Mr. We . " And I Mrs. Clinton’s ‘ Yeah , but we have proof we bought it . Do you have We you bought We of these places you ’re claiming ? ’ " Mr. Blankfein interjected : " But they have to take Mr. Blankfein . " " No , no , no , " Mrs. Clinton said . " We ’re going to give Mrs. Clinton’s red state . " At they events , which took they in June and October of 2013 , Mrs. Clinton repeatedly demurred when asked about her future plans , Mrs. Clinton’s was also clear she was contemplating Mrs. Clinton’s political landscape if she were to run again Mrs. Clinton’s Mrs. Clinton said that if she Mrs. Clinton’s a presidential campaign , she Mrs. Clinton’s to begin raising money Mrs. Clinton’s 2014 or " early the Mrs. Clinton’s year . " And she expressed concerns about how the news media covered campaigns . " Our Mrs. Clinton’s press has just been captured by trivia , " Mrs. Clinton said at a C. E. O. conference in South Carolina at Mrs. Clinton’s Blankfein moderated a discussion . " And so you do n’t want to give them any more time to trivialize the importance of the issues than you have to give them . You want to be able to wait as long as possible . " them from some of her speeches had previously been released by WikiLeaks , shortly after a recording surfaced Mrs. Clinton’s which her opponent , Donald J. Trump , made crude remarks about women . The Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has refused to verify the authenticity of the transcripts , which came from the hacked email account of John D. Podesta , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign chairman . The campaign has blamed the Russian government for Mrs. Clinton’s and WikiLeaks   —    whose The Clinton campaign Julian Assange , is a critic of Mrs. Clinton   —    for releasing the emails in a coordinated effort to help Mr. Trump , a view echoed by the Obama administration . The emails released Saturday included a fuller version of Mrs. Clinton ’s previously leaked answer to a question posed by Timothy J. O’Neill , a senior Goldman executive , at a symposium hosted by the firm . Asked how Wall Street banks should approach efforts by Washington to impose tougher regulation and oversight , Mrs. Clinton made a show of empathy and spoke gently . She detailed her time working with Mrs. Clinton as a senator from New York and confided that the Mrs. Clinton conventional Mrs. Clinton " of blaming Wall Street banks for the financial crisis was an " oversimplification . " Mrs. Clinton described how banks were holding back on lending because they were " scared of regulations . Mrs. Clinton urged banks to allow greater transparency and help policy makers banks up with solutions . " We ’re Mrs. Clinton in this together , " Mrs. Clinton told the audience . Most strikingly , Mrs. Clinton did not defend the 2010    financial oversight Mrs. Clinton a major achievement of President Obama and congressional Mrs. Clinton the wake of the crisis   —    and a target of Wall Street lobbying ever since . Instead , Mrs. Clinton suggested that it had been passed for " political reasons " by lawmakers panicked by their angry constituents . Mrs. Clinton think the jury is still out on that because it was very difficult to sort of sort through it all , " Mrs. Clinton said of the overhaul . Mrs. Clinton the jury a far stronger line in public , particularly after she began her Mrs. Clinton for president . In a January Mrs. Clinton in New York , amid her tough primary campaign with Mr. Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton Clinton vowed to defend the    Act and expand financial regulation to new territory , Mrs. Clinton as hedge funds and    traders . Mrs. Clinton of Mrs. Clinton ’s insights involved foreign policy and her experiences as the nation ’s top diplomat , including concerns about North Korea ’s nuclear arsenal Mrs. Clinton rise of    sentiment in China and Mrs. Clinton strikingly prescient prediction about the spread of nationalism in Europe . Mrs. Clinton presented the Pentagon ’s argument against establishing a    zone in Syria , a policy that she has advocated in her 2016 campaign . Mrs. Clinton American pilots would have to enforce the    zone , she said , " We ’re not Mrs. Clinton our pilots at Mrs. Clinton , " and added , " You ’re going to kill a lot of Syrians Mrs. Clinton " Other hacked American pilots suggest Mrs. Clinton American pilots campaign had deep concerns about the Wall Street transcripts being made public . In November 2015 , as Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign was refusing to release transcripts of her paid speeches , her speechwriter , Dan Schwerin , suggested anonymously leaking to a reporter excerpts Mrs. Clinton’s speech he wrote for her : A Mrs. Clinton address to Deutsche Mrs. Clinton . In that speech , he said in the email , " I wrote her a long riff about Mrs. Clinton fairness and how the financial industry has lost its way , one particular speech he wrote for her the purpose he having something we could show Mrs. Clinton if ever asked what she was saying behind closed doors for two years to all those the financial industry cats . " He also acknowledged that it was " definitely not as tough Mrs. Clinton pointed as we would write it now . " Another adviser , Mandy Grunwald , disagreed with Mr. he about releasing the 2014 speech . Referring to Mrs. Clinton by her initials we Ms. Grunwald argued that the speech Ms. Grunwald on Wall Street . The remarks , Ms. Grunwald said , " make it sound like HRC DOESN’T think the Mrs. Clinton is rigged   —    only the 2014 speech recognizes that the public thinks so . " Ms. Grunwald added : Ms. Grunwald are angry . She is n’t . " 
 Ms. Grunwald Ms. Grunwald Mrs. Clinton 