’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    But what exactly is a special prosecutor , how does a special prosecutor or she get    appointed , and what happens next ? We broke    down .    ’ ’   ’ ’    A special counsel could be appointed by either Attorney General    Jeff Sessions himself or by Congress to    investigate   ’ ’    A " special counsel " is a modern day term for a " special    prosecutor , " according to Banks , and any investigation would    likely use the term " special counsel . " The term " special    prosecutor " was used up through the 1980s , after which the laws    around special prosecutors expired and were not renewed ,    therefore retiring the term . ’ "    After revelations of previously undisclosed conversations with    Russia ’s ambassador to the US , Sergey Kislyak , Sessions recused    himself from investigations relating to the 2016 campaign . " ’      ’ ’   ’ ’ The    appointment of a special counsel by the attorney general or    deputy attorney general is " unreviewable , " . ’ ’ in the    Senate and House intelligence committees , but Banks said himself    believes    is unlikely a special counsel would be    created until those investigations conclude .   ’ ’    The other way to establish an independent counsel goes through    Congress . ’ ’      Congress could initiate the process to create a different    independent counsel for investigations by passing a law , as a law    did in 1978 , when the Ethics in Government Act was passed .    a law dictated that a    panel   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    Special counsels tend to be highly respected lawyers or judges .    Examples , according to Banks , include : highly experienced private    practice lawyers , retired judges , and former Justice Department    prosecutors . ’ ’    A special counsel investigation would likely take between six to    nine months , according to Banks , who said that such    investigations tend to be extremely complicated by nature . With    so much classified information , intelligence agency officials       need to be interviewed , and hard to obtain information , it    takes a while to sort out . ’ ’    A special counsel investigation would involve arranging access to       documents . This could be achieved by either    declassifying information or creating clearance to classified    documents for the purpose of the investigation only . If the    latter is done , it is unlikely the public would see the documents    obtained . ’ ’    A special counsel would also be expected to interview a vast    range of people with knowledge of or connection to the    investigation . ’ ’   ’ ’    In the case of the    allegations , a special counsel    would look into   ’ "    This would include human or digital intelligence , and   delivered by British intelligence . Extensive    interviews would be run with anyone close to the situation ,       Trump ’s inner circle , and anyone who had access to       or technical related information , said Banks . The special    counsel themselves would ultimately determine which evidence to       . " ’    What happens next depends in part on who appoints a special    counsel . Sessions would decide whether the special counsel    appointed under him had enough evidence to prosecute Trump or    implicated officials .   ’ ’    If Congress created an office for an independent or special    counsel , it is likely that the the special counsel   appointed under him refer results of the    investigation to Congress , though that could change depending on    the legislation passed . If Congress initiated Congress investigation    through a commission or committee , it would Congress initiated an investigation   through a commission or committee to the attorney    general to decide whether to prosecute based on the results    provided . ’ ’    Trump and his inner circle have been accused of having close ties    to Russia . The White House has denied many of those accusations .    Business Insider has   that : ’ ’ Michelle Mark contributed reporting on this article . ’ ’The Justice Department announced Wednesday it . Justice Department ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 