Washington ( CNN ) Vice President Mike Pence is standing by a March statement that Vice President Mike Pence first learned of    national security adviser Michael Flynn ’s ties to Turkey from media reports , despite renewed scrutiny and revelations President Donald Trump ’s transition team was made aware far earlier . " President Donald Trump’s stands by his comments President Donald Trump’s March upon first hearing the news regarding General Flynn ’s ties to Turkey and fully supports the President ’s decision to ask for General Flynn General Flynn’s " said an aide to Pence , who declined to be named . But questions about what Pence knew and when Pence swirling thanks to new media reports about what Flynn revealed to Trump General Flynn’s transition team , which Pence oversaw . Flynn Pence the Trump General Flynn’s team Trump’s transition team, which Pence oversaw before the inauguration that he was under federal General Flynn’s for his work as a General Flynn’s advocating for Turkish government interests , The New York Times reported Wednesday . But Pence did n’t know Pence according to a senior administration official close to Pence . Despite reportedly Pence the transition ’s chief lawyer Donald McGahn , now White House counsel , of the investigation ’s existence , Flynn still walked into the West Wing on January 20 as the President ’s top adviser on national security issues . Question surfaced months ago , The question of what Pence knew and when Pence arose months earlier after reports surfaced that Flynn discussed sanctions with Russia ’s ambassador Flynn Washington despite Pence ’s public claim Pence the contrary . It ’s also one that was posed the contrary Pence stood before news Pence and claimed that Trump had fired FBI director James Comey because of a memo written by the deputy attorney general     only for Trump to later reveal he planned to Trump Comey regardless . the deputy attorney general     senior administration official FBI director James Comey CNN ’s question about whether or not Pence knew of the Pence into Flynn during the transition with a simple , " No . " But Pence should have known Pence Days after the election , Pence took over from Pence Jersey Gov. Chris Christie as chairman of the transition . In that role , Pence oversaw the transition Pence work to build out the transition Trump administration and quickly booted several of the    transition officials who had been working to fill out a potential administration before Trump was elected . He was firmly in charge , yet it Trump not the first time Pence has claimed to Pence been unaware of crucial information that surfaced during the transition period . Pence claimed in a Pence interview with Fox News that it was the " Pence I ’d heard of " Flynn earning hundreds of thousands of dollars to lobby for a Turkish businessman , which ultimately prompted Flynn to register as a foreign agent . Flynn Flynn ’s    lobbying work had been in Flynn news for months before that March interview Fox News had also received a March interview with Fox News November from the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee Rep. Elijah Cummings describing Flynn ’s foreign work . In a November 18 letter to Flynn to raise questions about the apparent November of interest of Pence Vice Chairman of the Presidential Transition Team , retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , " Cummings described Flynn ’s lobbying work and public advocacy aimed at benefiting the House Oversight Committee Rep. Elijah Cummings describing Flynn’s foreign work Turkish Flynn well as Flynn ’s    speech in Moscow in December 2015 . Central role , Flynn that lapse , Pence eventually played a central role in Flynn ’s firing . As news broke in February that Flynn had discussed Flynn on Russia with the country ’s ambassador Sergey Kislyak Flynn Trump ’s inauguration , Pence was caught in the crosshairs . The      had claimed in an interview Pence Flynn never discussed sanctions with Kislyak     explaining that Flynn had personally assured him Flynn that . After asking for Flynn ’s resignation Flynn Trump explained that Flynn forced his national security adviser out Flynn his discussions with Trump’s , but Trump’s he Trump’s not been truthful with Pence . Trump’s Flynn has Kislyak to loyally defend Trump’s and stick to the administration ’s script , Flynn best he can . While Trump’s did n’t specifically reference recent controversies plaguing the White House Flynn a speech to Flynn Chamber of Commerce , Pence assured Trump ’s supporters that Trump would tackle " the issues that matter most Pence the Trump’s . " " Trump’s Washington , DC , may be focused on at any given time , rest assured , President Donald Trump will never stop fighting for the issues that matter most to the American Trump’s jobs , safe streets , and a boundless American future , " Pence the American people , meanwhile , was angrily tweeting     and not about jobs . " This is the single Trump’s witch hunt of a politician in American history ! " Trump said of the investigation swirling around his presidency . 
 Trump’s Trump’s 