  ( CNN ) Call it " Latino Spring . " There were no mass demonstrations in the streets , but Latino protesters amassed online . Latino protesters focus ? The hurtful    comments made recently by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump .    Latinos gathered in social media circles to condemn , plot and retaliate against Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump with such fervor in the past two weeks that Latinos caused three multibillion dollar media companies to back away from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump : Univision , NBC and Televisa .   And on Wednesday , Macy ’s announced that Macy was removing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump merchandising from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stores after 700 , 000 people signed a MoveOn . org petition . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump remarks have produced something he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump many others likely did n’t intend or anticipate     a galvanizing moment for Latinos across America and beyond . It ’s a massive display of    for hateful remarks , and one that carries the weight of a rapidly expanding population carrying $ 1 . 5 trillion in buying power .   Plugged in and bilingual millennials helped lead the charge . It was the first time in the history of Latino advocacy in America America such an effective response sprang from the ground up .    Some corporations have taken note .   Presidential candidates better do the same .    Let ’s pause to recall what Trump said in comments as he Trump his Trump run :   " When do we beat Mexico at the border ? They ’re laughing at us we at our we . And now they They beating us we . They They not our we , believe me . . .. When Mexico Mexico its Mexico , they its people not sending their its people . They its people not sending you . They its people sending people that have lots of problems , and they its people bringing those problems us we They its people bringing drugs . They its people bringing crime .   They its people rapists . And some , I assume , are good people . " The Latino community could not take this quietly , with actors and singers taking to the virtual streets to denounce Trump .    The honor roll of protesters began with J. Balvin , Roselyn Sánchez and Cristián de la Fuente of Colombian , Puerto Rican and Chilean heritage , respectively all had been scheduled to participate in the Miss USA Pageant on July 12 , but on principle dropped out . Cheryl Burke , Thomas Roberts and Natalie La Rose also stepped down from the telecast in solidarity with Latinos , and Mexico has withdrawn from the Miss the Miss USA Pageant artists Juanes , Shakira , Maná and Eugenio Derbez offered support in videos and in comments during their concerts . In solidarity Latin artists Juanes, Shakira, Maná and Eugenio Derbez Ricky Martin moved his foundation ’s golf tournament Ricky Martin a Trump golf course in Puerto Rico to another venue .   And Miss Universe sponsors such as Farouk Systems Inc. withdrew from the Miss USA pageant .    Latinos took to Facebook and Twitter in Spanish and English and to myriad Latino organizations’ platforms , where many were motivated to sign a protest petition on Change . org initiated by El Pasoan Guillermo Castañeda : It gathered more than 200 , 000 signatures in less than three days .   But presidential candidates mainly looked away : Jeb Bush , whose wife was born in Mexico and whose children are Mexican American , was best positioned to come out swinging at Trump , but instead offered a tepid response : " I do n’t agree with him . I think he Trump wrong . It Trump pretty simple . "   Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio , both Cuban American , could have seized the moment and rushed to defend their Mexican American brethren from Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, both Cuban American charges , but Rubio remained silent and Cruz actually endorsed Trump ’s Ted Cruz .   Had Trump called a woman the Trump one would imagine that every single presidential candidate would have immediately responded and condemned the remark , but call a Mexican a rapist and what Mexican the response ? It seems to be : Just ignore the clown .   At her recent campaign kickoff speech a woman New York , Clinton said she would " fight for Clinton Americans . " But why then , in an interview with public broadcasting ’s KNPB did she criticize the " recent KNPB into the Republican presidential campaign [ of someone who ] said some very inflammatory things about Mexicans , " but decline to name Trump ? Is this the response of a fighter ?   Think of what could have happened had she put on those boxing KNPB and TKO’d Donald Trump on behalf of the 55 million U. S. Latinos . Think of all the street cred she could have banked . KNPB where was Bernie Sanders ? Taking a siesta , I suppose . Trump ’s words , coupled Trump the weak or absent response of other presidential candidates and elected officials , created a feeling of un desprecio , lack of respect experienced by millions of Latinos in the Americas . But it was Univision that was the first to recognize and accurately take the pulse of its audience . It determined it it could it simply pivot it from Trump , as NBC initially tried to do , but needed to divorce from him entirely in solidarity with Trump .   That put NBC in a quandary : NBC the network continued with business NBC , it would risk never being able NBC compete for Latino viewers against Univision with NBC ’s own    network , NBC   In the end , business and common sense prevailed , and NBC parted ways with Trump . What NBC this all mean ? It means that the presidential campaigns , this all many corporate entities , are all in " deep doo doo " with Latinos , to quote a former U. S. president .   These campaigns seem to have more of the presidential campaigns than a grassroots outreach effort .   If their political strategists did n’t see     or the presidential campaigns yet did n’t understand the way major corporations do     the opportunity Trump ’s remarks had handed them to capture the hearts and minds of the presidential campaigns around the country , then you can be assured that the Latino Spring will rise again to issue course corrections , as needed . Until then , we will be paying close attention .   Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion . Join us on we . .   Read CNNOpinion we new Flipboard magazine . 
 