  ( CNN ) When historians look back at the 2016 election , there will likely be many big mysteries to solve .   More than many other election in recent history , this heated contest included a number of bizarre    moments that seemed to swing the race in dramatic new directions . And weeks after the 2016 election ’s surprising outcome , people are still debating what produced the result .   Even as the initial accounts emerge about these turbulent months , we still do n’t know the real story behind a number of pivotal moments that led to the election of Donald Trump .    Here are some of them : Who leaked the ’Access Hollywood’ tapes and Trump Donald Trump returns ? There were two moments when Trump ’s Donald Trump moved front and center in the campaign , posing a serious threat to his candidacy . One was the release of the " Access Hollywood " tapes revealing him making degrading his about women and suggesting a proclivity to sexual assault , and the other was when the New York Times finally obtained a partial copy of an older tax return showing that he had claimed his tax loss , which helped him avoid paying his millions in taxes on his income . his both cases the revelations swung the news cycle and forced the Trump campaign into a defensive crouch . They exposed two the Trump campaign vulnerabilities of his candidacy , his treatment of his and his cheapness and his to fulfill obligations . In each case , Trump was able Trump survive the scandals by shifting attention to other issues and spinning the stories in a way that fit his    narrative Trump   But the questions remain : Who leaked the " Access Hollywood " tapes , and who sent the tax returns to the Times ?     Did the Russians coordinate their activities with the Russians Trump campaign ? One of the most troubling allegations to surface during the final months of the campaign was the Trump campaign of the Trump team were the Trump campaign and hackers in Russia who were trying to sway the election .   There is now an abundance of evidence that Russians engaged in a series of dirty tricks , from hacks into the Democratic National Committee emails that revealed embarrassing information to the distribution of fake news that spread vast amounts of false information to the electorate . Eyebrows were raised when reporters revealed connections between Russians and    forces in Eastern Russians , such as advisor Paul Manafort ’s consulting work in the region .   When Trump called on Russians to continue hacking in July Russians he raised more questions about whether Trump was calling for campaign espionage Trump " Russia , if you ’re listening , I hope you ’re able to find the 30 , 000 emails that are missing . I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press , " he said , referring to Hillary Trump ’s messages while she was Secretary of State . Hillary Clinton’s later said he was being Trump sarcastic . Trump later   There had were warnings about efforts to hack voting machines , though no evidence emerged of this happening . The direct connection between Trump and the Russians was not Trump later and it is a question that will interest scholars as they try to understand how this scholars . Over the past week the Russia hacking controversy has intensified . The nation ’s intelligence agencies have Russia that the Russians hacked the campaign and the Russians has vowed to respond . " We need to take action , " Obama said , " and we will . President Obama There is not a We behind the intentions of the hack but it is pretty clear that the intervention happened .   Although    Trump was initially defensive about the news , acting as if it implied he did n’t win legitimately ,   Trump recent   Trump there has been some softening of his tone . But he has continued to   Trump a number of   Trump    picks , including his possible Secretary of State , in the   Trump of this major scandal .      Why Did James Comey release his letters ?   One of the most James Comey moments in the campaign came when Comey announced October 28 that the FBI was James Comey into emails found on the computer of Huma Abedin , Hillary Clinton ’s assistant , that could possibly be related to the State Department email scandal . " Yesterday , " the letter said , " the investigative team briefed me on their recommendation with respect to seeking access to the investigative team that have recently been found in an unrelated case . Because those emails appear to be pertinent to our emails that have recently been found in an unrelated case I agreed that we should take appropriate steps to obtain and review our . " The letter brought a new round those emails appear to be pertinent to our investigation scrutiny the letter story about whether Clinton had discussed classified material on    servers , a centerpiece of Trump ’s allegation that she was " Crooked Hillary . " The news stopped Clinton ’s sliding poll numbers that had resulted from allegations Trump’s sexual assault and renewed concerns about whether there was something bigger to the email story after all     only months after Comey had revealed there was no basis for an indictment .   A week later , just two days before the election , Comey released a second letter saying there was nothing in Comey emails . But Clinton officials say the letter hurt her by bringing up the scandal again a second letter saying there was nothing in the emails to the Clinton .   Why did Comey do this ? the election n’t he or the Comey say anything about the investigations into Comey Russia hacks ? Some Democrats speculated that there were partisan motivations behind this decision     that Comey , who was a registered Republican ( up until July ) working in a Democratic administration , was out to get the nominee .   Others argued that Comey ’s commitment to being perceived as apolitical and independent had come under attack when he closed the investigation a few months earlier , so he was Comey to show that he was not being intimidated by Comey Obama administration . Still others Comey that he felt the obligation a Democratic administration information so that voters would not think Comey after a Clinton victory , that the results had been unfair . We need to know why Comey did what he did .      How much were Trump ’s supporters motivated Comey hate ? Comey Trump campaign featured an overwhelming barrage of angry and derogatory messages about women , Trump’s immigrants and about Muslims . The campaign also brought into the open    rhetoric and reactionary talk about race The Trump campaign Yet since the election , as experts sort though the data , there has been some pushback from observers who point out that many Trump supporters did not support him because of these messages .   Rather , Trump’s argument goes , they Trump’s someone who could help the economy , they liked his personality or attitude , they just wanted to keep voting Republican or they Trump’s n’t think much of Hillary they . Even CNN analyst Van Jones , they had been especially emotional in attacking Trump for his dangerous vitriol , is now reminding his viewers that there was much more to Trump Trump vote . So how much Trump the hate a driving part of this electoral Trump ? This is a very important question , not only to better understand this election but to understand what ’s going on in the electorate . It would be a mistake to discount the possibility that many voters were just fine this election his rhetoric , and even agreed with what he said . We need to know Trump Did voter fraud laws suppress and discourage Trump in key states like Wisconsin ?    experts like Ari Berman and Michael Waldman of the Brennan Center had been warning for months that all of the    measures added to the books in the last few years would discourage voters from turning out .   Based on spurious allegations of massive voting fraud , a number of states responded to the Supreme Court ’s evisceration of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 in Shelby V. Holder ( 2013 ) by placing more prohibitions and barriers to exercising the right to vote . They also warned that these laws would fall hardest on minority groups who might not a number of states the proper identification or would come to fear just showing up at the voting booth even though they had no reason to do so .   This was the first    Rights a number of states election , they reminded us . Trump added to his atmosphere by whipping up his supporters with a number of states of rigged elections and calling on Trump to go out in Trump like Pennsylvania to monitor against fraud .   Given his supporters Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by 2 . 5 million votes and that Trump ’s victories in key states were extraordinarily narrow , the impact of the laws Trump important , not simply in terms of the health of our democracy but in terms of the results . Given how narrow Trump ’s Electoral College victory was in Wisconsin and Michigan , where such laws are Trump books , we need to Wisconsin how they might have depressed the Clinton vote and whether this was part of why she lost the books Clinton There are many more questions that will fascinate Clinton , including some that are not simply about the    dynamics of the race . Regardless , it is clear that this was a campaign of great mystery . And for all we know , a lot remains to be uncovered . 
 