During a recent interview with the FOX Business Network ’s Stuart Varney , Academy    actor and vocal Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight shared Jon Voight thoughts on the 2016 presidential campaign and what it ’s like to be a conservative working in Hollywood . [ Voight , who spoke in support of Donald Trump last Friday at the Values Voter Summit in Washington , D. C. says the candidate is a " problem solver " who ’s " used to taking on impossible jobs . "   " I ’m a Donald Trump supporter for quite a long time , " the actor told Varney Wednesday morning . " I ’ve seen the actor a couple of times on the road , and the actor ’s got a tremendous amount of energy . I see the actor at the end of a day when the actor jumps through three states , and at 11 o’clock at night the actor looks exactly the same the actor started at 7 o’clock in the morning . " Asked about Trump ’s chances of winning the state of California , Voight relied : " I do n’t think there ’s any place Trump ca n’t win . " " He Trump people and he Trump very , very considerate and his Trump goes out to people , " Voight Voight . " He Trump not making it up when he Trump with somebody who ’s suffering something and you can see him Trump for them somebody who’s suffering something This is not an act . " When he Trump not out campaigning for Trump Voight busy Voight his Trump duties on Showtime ’s hit crime drama Ray Donovan . The interview quickly shifted from presidential politics to what life is like for an openly conservative actor in Hollywood . " I have many friends in Hollywood , people Hollywood I come to work , I do n’t proselytize , " Voight said , Voight : " There are , by the way , many , many conservatives in Hollywood , they Hollywood are many, many conservatives in Hollywood very vocal . " A skeptical Varney asked , " Is that accurate ? I mean we do n’t hear from them very often many, many conservatives in Hollywood —    I can name a couple , here and there . " " Well , they kind of many, many conservatives in Hollywood their heads down many, many conservatives in Hollywood little bit , but there are a whole lot of them , " many, many conservatives in Hollywood responded . Voight was an Voight supporter of Trump ’s White House run . The     star formally endorsed Trump in March Trump’s an exclusive interview with Breitbart News . In June , Voight told the Voight Beast that he " would Voight to support [ Trump ] in Trump’s way " that he can , Voight that he ’s been Voight in touch " with the candidate ’s campaign .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 