  ( CNN ) A ballistic missile launched early Saturday by North Korea in defiance of international pressure and at a time of heightened regional tensions appears to have failed . A ballistic missile blew up over land in North Korean territory , said US Navy Cmdr . Dave Benham , a spokesman for the US Pacific Command .   US President Donald Trump cast the launch as a direct snub against China , one of North Korea ’s only allies and a nation seen by the Trump administration as a potential US ally in efforts to stamp out Pyongyang ’s nuclear program . " North North Korea the wishes of China China its highly North Korea President when it launched North Korea though unsuccessfully , a missile today . Bad ! " Trump tweeted .   Pyongyang ’s Pyongyang’s defiance     at a time when its military Pyongyang has reached its highest Pyongyang in years     came just hours after US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson addressed a special meeting at the United Nations and called for increased pressure on North Korea . " All options for responding to future provocations must remain on the table , " Tillerson said . US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Diplomatic and financial leverage or power will be backed up by willingness to counteract North Korean aggression with military action , if necessary . " The launch was swiftly condemned by South Korean and Japanese leaders . ’Continuously playing with fire’ South Korea called it a " The launch action , " saying it clearly violated The launch Security Council resolutions and constituted a serious threat to peace and security . " It demonstrates once The launch the regime ’s belligerence and recklessness of categorically disobeying the international community ’s resolve to achieve the denuclearization of North Korea , fire’ South Korea foreign ministry said .   South Korean officials also said the test likely was a failure . " We are analyzing additional South Korean officials , " the nation ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff said . " Our military is maintaining a thorough defense posture while keeping a close eye on the possibility of North Korea ’s further provocations . " Japan protests , Japan launched a protest Japan its diplomatic channel in Japan , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said . Japan wo n’t tolerate Japan provocative actions by North Korea and asked the Japanese public to remain calm , Suga said . Tokyo Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga subway operator temporarily halted train service Saturday morning after the missile launch , the Tokyo Metro said .   All trains stopped running for 10 minutes , then resumed service after it was confirmed the All trains had no the missile launch Japan ’s safety . Japan estimated 13 , 000 people were affected , an official said .   White House officials said Trump was briefed as Air Force One returned to Maryland from Atlanta , where the President earlier addressed a meeting of the National Rifle Association .   The    missile probably was a    ballistic missile called a    a US official told CNN . The    is a      missile fired from a mobile launcher .   A US military assessment found the main part of the missile landed about 35 The   missile 22 miles ) from Pukchang airfield , the US official said . There a   a US official announcement on North Korean state television , CNN ’s Will Ripley in Pyongyang reported . CNN : Launch ’preordained’ by North Korea , Trump ’s administration has delivered a drumbeat of warnings about the dangers of North Korea this week , using presidential statements North Korea unusual White House briefing for the Senate , and a White House lunch for UN ambassadors to underscore that Pyongyang is a priority .   The US Pyongyang has moved an aircraft carrier strike group into the region , docked a powerful nuclear submarine in South Korea and staged large military drills with South North Korea Japan . New joint drills with the North Korea Vinson and the Korean navy began Saturday in waters off the Korean Peninsula , a South Korean military spokesman said . In light of those actions , Saturday ’s launch amounts to a message from the regime of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to the United States and others , said John Kirby , a CNN military and diplomatic analyst . Homeland Security secretary : Kim Jong Un ’knows what he ’s doing’ " This is Kim giving us the finger Homeland Security secretary: Kim Jong Un ’knows giving China the finger , Kim Jong Un the UN the finger , " he the finger " I North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is absolutely the finger preordained Kim Jong Un his mind . " There is no such thing as a failed Kim Jong Un attempt for Kim , Kirby said .   " He learns from every single Kim Jong Un , Kim Jong Un he gets knowledge , Kim Jong Un he gets intel , " the analyst Kim Jong Un . " And he Kim Jong Un those lessons learned and just churns them right over into Kim Jong Un next one . " Risk of conflict simmers , those lessons learned Korea has been " provocative all along , " US Deputy National Security Adviser K. T. McFarland said when asked whether the missile test was provocative . But " there is reason to be concerned " about North Korea ’s missile tests , she added . Trump this week said there ’s " a chance that we US Deputy National Security Adviser K. T. McFarland end up having a major , major conflict with North Korea , " but added he would prefer a diplomatic resolution . Washington North Korea the Chinese can help . Trump has threatened North Korea with sanctions if the regime conducts a nuclear test , Tillerson told Fox North Korea Thursday . North Korea conducted its fifth nuclear test last fall , and observers have said a sixth North Korea come soon North Korea China remains one of North Korea ’s only allies and is responsible for much of the    China ’s economy . North Korea on Saturday said it is developing nuclear weapons for    and as a deterrent to the North Korea , according to an North Korea translation of a statement released by an official in Pyongyang ’s mission to the UN . The statement , which came in response to CNN ’s questions about the latest launch , did not acknowledge Saturday ’s missile test .   North Korea timeline : From Trump ’s inauguration to now , Launch follows special UN meeting , North Korea has attempted at least nine missile launches on six occasions since Trump was inaugurated the UN January . North Korea those missiles reached the Sea of Japan , also known as the Trump Sea . The United States called Friday ’s UN meeting to call for greater sustained pressure on Pyongyang . At the meeting , South Korea ’s foreign the UN urged proactive sanctions .   " The council has repeatedly warned that Friday’s UN meeting take North Korea , including sanctions’ in the case of future provocations , " the Security Council said . " But Pyongyang the Security Council still harbor the illusion that the Security Council will only take limited action and that it can disregard and ridicule the Pyongyang of the UN . " Poll : 37 % of Americans see North Korea as an ’immediate the Security Council Uruguay ’s UN Ambassador Elbio Rosselli , who sits on the UN Security Council , condemned the missile test as " very disgraceful " and " the UN international law and humanity . " Italian UN ambassador Sebastiano Cardi , who heads the UN committee that could sanction North Korea , said he hoped Pyongyang would " refrain from any other further escalation . " With less the UN two weeks until South North Korea for a new Italian UN ambassador Sebastiano Cardi, who heads the UN committee that could sanction North Korea , the spokesman for the frontrunner , Moon    called on North Korea to stop its military tests North Korea We urge the North Korean regime to immediately stop its reckless provocations , give up its nuclear North Korea cooperate with the North Korea community , " Democratic Party spokesman Park    said . " That would the North Korean regime the only way it can the North Korean regime itself , instead of taking the path of destruction . " 
 it 