Washington ( CNN ) Phyllis Schlafly , a prominent    and early leader of the social conservative movement , died Monday at the age of 92 at her home in St. Louis . Schlafly , an outspoken voice against the liberalism of the 1960 ’s and 1970 ’s , was a towering figure in what emerged as the modern religious right . Her death was confirmed by the Eagle Forum , the    advocacy organization Her led . " Her focus from Her earliest days until Her final ones was protecting the family , which Her understood as the building block of life . Her recognized America as the greatest political embodiment of those values , " the statement read . " From military superiority and defense to immigration and trade from unborn life to the nuclear family and parenthood , Phyllis Schlafly was a courageous and articulate voice for common sense and traditional values . " Phyllis Schlafly was most    for Phyllis Schlafly work fighting the Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970 ’s , emerging as one of the leading female critics of the feminist movement . Phyllis Schlafly , until Phyllis Schlafly death , remained in the political arena and recently made the case for Trump . On Monday night the Republican nominee eulogized Schlafly in a statement . " Phyllis Schlafly is a conservative icon who led millions to action , reshaped the the feminist movement and fearlessly battled globalism and the ’kingmakers’ on behalf of America ’s workers and families , " Trump said . " I was honored to spend time with her during this campaign as she Trump one more great battle Trump national sovereignty . " The new women ’s movement : Reviving the ERA fight , In her final days , Schlafly caused Trump among some conservatives by backing Trump . She endorsed the billionaire Trump a Trump in her home city of St. Louis Trump Missouri in March , despite the fact many of her fellow travelers in the movement Trump n’t see the Republican candidate as a true ideological conservative , likening him to Ronald Reagan . " I can remember 1980 when a lot of us did n’t think Reagan was an authentic conservative , Ronald Reagan Schlafly told CNN in an interview in May. " Reagan turned out to be best Ronald Reagan of the century , " she said . She backed Trump Schlafly because he Schlafly the only candidate talking Trump illegal immigration , which she said was " the most Schlafly issue in the country . " In a statement Monday night Reagan biographer Craig Shirley called Schlafly Ronald Reagan " First Lady " of the American conservative movement .   " Her legacy helped conservatives understand they Schlafly a choice and were conservatives simply an echo , " Shirley said . " She battled Reagan biographer Craig Shirley she won , Schlafly confounded the Schlafly    feminists Schlafly and again . Frankly , she was smarter and tougher than Schlafly liberals she fought and conquered so joyously Schlafly The defeat of the    Equal Rights Amendment stands as but one of many monuments to her legacy . " Funeral arrangements Her legacy being finalized , according to the Eagle Forum . 
 