Actor Mickey Rourke unloaded on Donald Trump in an    rant Wednesday night , calling the GOP presidential frontrunner " the biggest scumbag on the planet " whose wife , Melania , is " one of the biggest golddiggers around "   —    while threatening to beat the candidate with a baseball bat . [ " Before I throw this first pitch out , I just want to say   —    the biggest scumbag on the planet" is that maggot with an ‘ f’ in front of it , Donald Trump , " the     action star told TMZ while playing a game of catch with a friend in Beverly Hills Wednesday night .    " F*ck him , f*ck the horse he him in on , " Rourke continued , adding : " I think his him is one of the biggest golddiggers around . I know , I used to go out with a golddigger . I mean , how could you sleep next to that flabby , fat piece of sh*t and get your rocks off ? Motherf*cker ’s got ta have millions sticking out of his Motherf*cker , I mean , you ’ve got ta go to bed with that every night ? You ’ve got ta be a golddigger . " The former     star told TMZ that Trump had sued him Trump the rapper 2Pac several years ago , though it was unclear what he Trump allegedly been sued for . " Donald Trump go f*ck himself , His wife Trump ‘ Oh , he ’s a Trump guy.’ He ’s not Trump tough guy , he ’s a Trump and a b*tch and he can suck Trump f*cking d*ck . I ’ll meet him in a Trump room any motherf*cking day of the week and give him a Louisville Trump . Kiss my motherf*cking ass you b*tch punk c***sucker . " This is n’t the first time Rourke has angrily cursed out the Republican presidential candidate and threatened him with violence the Republican presidential candidate September , the actor called Trump a "   b*tch bully " and said he ’d " the actor to have 30 seconds in a room with the little b*tch . " Rourke has mostly Rourke a low profile since he returned to Rourke in November 2014 , when he fought and Rourke     Elliott Seymour in a bout in Russia . Seymour later alleged Elliott Seymour he was paid Elliott Seymour 15 , 000 to throw that fight . Rourke ’s threats Rourke came just a few days after the rapper Everlast similarly threatened physical violence against the candidate . " If I met Donald Trump , I ’d punch him in his f I met Donald Trump   I met Donald Trump face , " the rapper told Billboard the rapper week . " And that ’s not a joke . Even if he did become president   I met Donald Trump    watch out , Donald Trump , because I Donald Trump you in your f —   ing face if I ever meet you . Secret Service had better just f —   ing be on it . Do n’t let me Secret Service within a block . This is horrible . " The comments come as violent rhetoric against Trump has intensified in recent months Donald Trump In March , Comedy Central host Larry Wilmore joked about suffocating the candidate with " the pillow they used to kill Scalia , the candidate and just a few days before that , comedian George Lopez tweeted a graphic illustration of drug lord El Chapo Guzman holding Trump ’s severed head atop a pile of skulls . Earlier this month , rappers YG and Nipsey Hustle released a new song called " FDT ( F*ck Donald Trump ) , " in which the pair make various threats against the candidate . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 