Donald J. Trump had barely met Rowanne Brewer Lane when Donald J. Trump asked her to change out of her clothes . Ms. Brewer Lane , at the time a     model , did as Donald J. Trump asked . " I went into the bathroom and tried one on , " she her . It was a bikini . " I came out , and he Donald J. Trump , ‘ Wow.’ " Mr. Trump , then 44 and in the midst of his Donald J. Trump divorce , decided to show her her to the crowd at     his Donald J. Trump in Palm Beach , Fla. " He Donald J. Trump me out to the pool and said , ‘ That is a stunning Trump girl , is n’t it?’ " Ms. Brewer Lane said . Donald Trump and women : The words evoke a familiar cascade of casual insults , hurled from the safe distance of a Twitter account , a radio show or a campaign podium . This is the public treatment of some women by Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee for president : degrading , impersonal , performed . " That must be a pretty picture , you dropping to your knees , " he told a female contestant on " The Celebrity Apprentice . " Rosie O’Donnell , he he , had a " fat , ugly face . " A lawyer who needed to pump milk for a newborn ? " Disgusting , " he A lawyer who needed to pump milk for a newborn? " . But the 1990 episode at     that Ms. Brewer Lane described was different : a debasing     encounter between Mr. Trump and a young woman he hardly knew . This is the private treatment of some women by Mr. Trump , the    and more intimate encounters . The New York Times interviewed dozens of women who had worked with or for Mr. Trump over the past four decades , in the worlds of real estate , modeling and pageants women who had dated him Mr. Trump interacted with him Mr. Trump and women and men who had closely observed his Mr. Trump since his Mr. Trump . In all , more than 50 interviews were conducted over the course of six weeks . Their more than 50 interviews   —    many relayed here in their more than 50 interviews words   —    reveal unwelcome romantic advances , unending commentary on the female form , a shrewd reliance on ambitious women , and unsettling workplace conduct , according to the interviews , as well as court records and written recollections . The interactions occurred in his offices at Trump Tower , at his his , at construction sites and backstage at beauty pageants . They The interactions to be fleeting , unimportant moments to him his but they The interactions lasting impressions on the women who experienced them The interactions What emerges from the the interviews a complex , at times contradictory portrait of a wealthy ,    and provocative man and the women around him , one that defies simple categorization . Some women found him gracious him encouraging . He promoted him to the loftiest heights of his company him a daring move for a major real estate developer at the time . He simultaneously him women ’s careers and mocked their physical women’s . " You like your candy , " he told him overweight female executive who oversaw the construction of his headquarters him Midtown Manhattan . He could him lewd one moment and gentlemanly the next . In an interview , Mr. Trump him as a him of women , someone who took pride in hiring them and was in awe of their work ethic them " It would just seem , " he said , him that there was something that they want to them prove . " Pressed on the women ’s claims , Mr. Trump disputed him the details , such as asking Ms. Brewer Lane to put on a swimsuit . " A lot of things get made up over the years , " he said . " him have always treated women with great respect . And women will tell you that . " But in many cases there was an unmistakable dynamic at play : Mr. Trump had the him and the women did not . He had celebrity . He him wealth . He him connections . Even him he had behaved crudely toward him , some of the women sought his assistance the women careers him remained by his some of the women . For Ms. him Lane , her introduction to Mr. Trump at Ms. Brewer Lane was the start of a whirlwind romance   —    a heady blur of helicopter rides and    hotel rooms and flashing cameras . " It was intimidating , " she said . " He was Ms. Brewer Lane Trump , obviously . " It started at the New York It Academy , a small , severe boarding school 90 minutes’ drive north of New York City . Strictly enforced rules prohibited girls from setting foot on the    campus unless it was a special occasion . And on those special occasions , young Donald Trump paid careful mind Donald Trump Donald Trump he brought to school . They had to be Donald Trump   —    10s , in his future parlance . " Donald was extremely sensitive Donald Trump whether or not the Donald Trump he invited to campus were pretty , " recalled Donald Trump White , a fellow student in the class of 1964 . " For Donald , " he added , " it ’s Donald Trump . " Donald Trump steadily built an image as a young playboy Donald Trump the deprivations of a    military school , where most boys craved but rarely enjoyed the company of a girl . By senior year , his classmates had crowned him " ladies’ man " Donald Trump the yearbook , Donald Trump nod to the volume of his dates . Asked how he had earned the Donald Trump ladies’ man " title Donald Trump Mr. Trump at first demurred . " I better not tell you   —    I ’ll get myself in trouble , " he said . He Mr. Trump elaborated , saying he Donald Trump " a Donald Trump feeling " and " Donald Trump great like " for women . Mr. Trump grew up with an influential role model Mr. Trump to deal with women : Fred C. Trump , his powerful and unyielding father . The elder Mr. Trump Mr. Trump control no matter how big or small the decision , as Ivana Zelnickova learned over dinner one night in the late 1970s . Her boyfriend , Donald Trump , had invited her to Ivana Zelnickova his siblings Mr. Trump at Tavern on the Ivana Zelnickova , the Mr. Trump restaurant in Central Park . When the waiter came to take orders , Ivana made the mistake of asking for what she wanted . Ivana Zelnickova Trump set her straight , she recalled Ivana Zelnickova a previously unpublished interview with Ivana Zelnickova D’Antonio , Fred Trump author of " The Truth About Trump . " Mr. Trump defended his father ’s conduct . " He would Fred Trump that out Fred Trump love , " he said Fred Trump If his father had overruled her fish order , Fred Trump Trump said , his father’s would have Fred Trump that only on Fred Trump that he thought , Fred Trump That would be better for her.’ " The elder Fred Trump Trump did not hide his more traditional views on gender . When his son hired a woman , " The elder Mr. Trump A. Res , as his head of " The elder Mr. Trump in the 1980s , Fred Trump was mystified and annoyed his son Mr. Trump said it was a different " The elder Mr. Trump " My father , " he " The elder Mr. Trump " probably never would have seen a woman in that position . " " The elder Mr. Trump Trump still holds up his parents as models , praising his     mother for understanding " The elder Mr. Trump a husband who worked " The elder Mr. Trump nonstop . " My mother " The elder Mr. Trump always fine with it , " he said , recalling her " brilliant " his    mother the situation . " If something got " The elder Mr. Trump because he was going his    mother inspect a housing site or something , she would handle that so beautifully " The elder Mr. Trump " " She was an ideal woman , " he said his    mother With his purchase of the Miss Universe Organization his    mother Mr. Trump was now in " The elder Mr. Trump business of young " The elder Mr. Trump beautiful women . They craved his advice " The elder Mr. Trump , a fact he seemed to understand well . Temple Taggart , the young, beautiful women " The elder Mr. Trump Utah , was startled by how " The elder Mr. Trump he was with young contestants like her in 1997 , his first year as the owner of Miss " The elder Mr. Trump , a branch of the beauty pageant organization . " The elder Mr. Trump she recalls it , he introduced himself in an unusually intimate manner . the Trump Organization , saying her is reluctant " The elder Mr. Trump kiss " The elder Mr. Trump on the lips . But Ms. " The elder Mr. Trump it was not an isolated " The elder Mr. Trump . At the gala celebration after the show , she said her Trump immediately zeroed in on her , telling her how much he liked her style and inviting her " The elder Mr. Trump him in New York to talk about her future . her " The elder Mr. Trump , she said her he delivered another her " The elder Mr. Trump on her lips , this time in Trump her . After boasting of his her " The elder Mr. Trump elite modeling agencies , he advised her her lie about her age to get ahead in the " The elder Mr. Trump , she said . " ‘ " The elder Mr. Trump ’re going to her to tell them her ’re 17,’ " Ms. Taggart recalled him telling her , " because in his mind , 21 is too old . I was ‘ , her , we ’re not her to do that.’ " His level of him in the pageants was unexpected , and his judgments , the contestants said , We be " The elder Mr. Trump . Carrie Prejean , who was 21 when she participated " The elder Mr. Trump the Miss USA contest in 2009 as Miss California , was surprised to find Mr. Trump personally evaluating the women at rehearsal . " We were told to put on our opening number outfits " The elder Mr. Trump    they were nearly as revealing as our swimsuits   —    and line up Carrie Prejean, who was 21 when she participated in the Miss USA contest in 2009 as Miss California him onstage , " she Carrie Prejean, who was 21 when she participated in the Miss USA contest in 2009 as Miss California in her memoir , " Still the women . " Mr. Trump , Carrie Prejean, who was 21 when she participated in the Miss USA contest in 2009 as Miss California an interview , said he would " never do that . " she behavior , she said " The elder Mr. Trump bruise egos and hurt feelings . " " The elder Mr. Trump would n’t hurt people , " he said . " " The elder Mr. Trump ’s hurtful to people . " Mr. Trump was not just fixated on the appearance of the " The elder Mr. Trump around him . He possessed an almost compulsive need to " The elder Mr. Trump it . Inside the Trump Organization , the company that manages his " The elder Mr. Trump businesses " The elder Mr. Trump he occasionally interrupted routine discussions of business to opine on women ’s figures . Ms. Res , his construction " The elder Mr. Trump , remembered a " The elder Mr. Trump in which she and Mr. Trump interviewed an architect for a project in the Los Angeles " The elder Mr. Trump . Out of the blue , she said , Mr. " The elder Mr. Trump the fitness of women in Marina del Rey , Calif. " They take care of their asses , " he said " The elder Mr. Trump The architect she I did n’t know where he was coming from , " Ms. Res said . Years later , " The elder Mr. Trump she They gained a significant amount of weight , Ms. Res " The elder Mr. Trump a stinging workplace observation about her own body from Mr. Trump . " ‘ You like your candy,’ " she recalled him telling her . " It was Ms. Res me that I was " The elder Mr. Trump " she colleague Louise Sunshine experienced similar observations from Mr. Trump when she gained weight she But she saw she as friendly encouragement , not him cruel insult . " He thought I she much " The elder Mr. Trump , " she said . " He would she me of how beautiful she was . " Whenever possible , Mr. Trump wanted his visitors to see him most attractive employees , as Ms. Res she . Mr. Trump frequently him assurances   —    at times " The elder Mr. Trump   — " The elder Mr. Trump that the women " The elder Mr. Trump his life were beautiful . During the 1997 Miss " The elder Mr. Trump pageant , Ms. Res in the audience as his teenage daughter , Ivanka , helped to host the " The elder Mr. Trump from onstage . He turned to Brook Antoinette Mahealani Lee , Miss " The elder Mr. Trump at the time , and " The elder Mr. Trump for her opinion of his daughter ’s body . " ‘ Do n’t " The elder Mr. Trump think my daughter ’s hot ? She ’s hot , right?’ " Ms. Lee recalled him saying . ‘ " The elder Mr. Trump was like , ‘ Really?’ That ’s just weird . She was 16 . That ’s creepy . his daughter’s Brewer Lane , who his daughter’s Mr. Trump for several months in 1990 and early 1991 , said it did not take long for him to solicit her view his daughter’s the attractiveness of two of " The elder Mr. Trump romantic partners , Marla Maples and Ivana Trump . Mr. Trump said he did not know Ms. " The elder Mr. Trump Lane very well , Ms. Brewer Lane . " I would n’t " The elder Mr. Trump his daughter’s Ms. Brewer Lane about how they rate other women , " " The elder Mr. Trump . He " The elder Mr. Trump to brag about his sexual prowess and his desirability as a date , no matter who was around . Barbara J. Fife , a deputy mayor under David " The elder Mr. Trump Dinkins , " The elder Mr. Trump York ’s mayor in " The elder Mr. Trump early 1990s , " The elder Mr. Trump not especially close to Mr. Trump . But that did not stop him from telling her why he was in Ms. Fife a model for " The elder Mr. Trump ’s Secret , " " The elder Mr. Trump Fife recalled him telling her . " I " The elder Mr. Trump it as immature , quite honestly , " she said . At his office in Trump Tower , Mr. Trump seemed eager for his colleagues to hear " The elder Mr. Trump his new companion , her Maples . When The New York Post feasted on her supposed satisfaction with " The elder Mr. Trump in bed , captured in " The elder Mr. Trump " Best Sex I Trump Tower Had Ms. Fife " " The elder Mr. Trump Trump was unabashed , Ms. Res said . Mr. Trump Ms. Fife boasting about the her office at City Hall bashful these days , saying he can not recall how many women he has dated " The elder Mr. Trump Not as many as people would think , " The elder Mr. Trump Ms. Fife . " I ’m not Ms. Res really loved the dating process . " " The elder Mr. Trump build his business , Mr. Trump " The elder Mr. Trump to women for a simple reason : They worked hard   —    " The elder Mr. Trump harder than men the headline "Best Sex told them . When Mr. Trump hired Ms. Res to oversee the " The elder Mr. Trump of Trump " The elder Mr. Trump he invited her to his apartment on Fifth Avenue and explained that he wanted her to be his " Donna " The elder Mr. Trump " on the project " The elder Mr. Trump said . Few women had reached such stature in the industry . " The elder Mr. Trump entrusted Ms. Res " The elder Mr. Trump his Trump Tower enormous responsibility women — " The elder Mr. Trump once they had Ms. Res " The elder Mr. Trump worthy and loyal . Ms. women had little experience in Ms. Res estate , but as a top campaign    for Gov. " The elder Mr. Trump Ms. Res of New York " The elder Mr. Trump she the industry a lifelong wish for Mr. Trump : She secured him a vanity license plate with his initials , DJT , which adorned his limousine for years . Ms. Louise Sunshine for Mr. Trump for 15 years , becoming a major New New York " The elder Mr. Trump in her own several women in his company " The elder Mr. Trump Ms. several women in his company remained at Louise Sunshine " The elder Mr. Trump for 12 years , left after " The elder Mr. Trump disagreement Louise Sunshine a project and then returned as " The elder Mr. Trump for six more years . Both expressed gratitude for the chances Mr. Louise Sunshine taken on them New York a     industry thoroughly dominated by men , Mr. Trump ’s office stood out Louise Sunshine its Ms. Res recalled Alan Lapidus , an influential architect who designed the Trump Plaza casino in Atlantic " The elder Mr. Trump To women who had climbed to positions of power outside his company , Mr. his company feel like a jarring throwback . Alair A. Townsend was for a time the    woman inside New York ’s City Hall during the Koch administration , with the title of deputy mayor for Both development . But when " The elder Mr. Trump her , she her office at City Hall seemed less relevant to him than her office at City Hall gender . It was an unthinking habit when he interacted with women , colleagues said . " New York , " said Ms. Res , his longtime colleague " The elder Mr. Trump he called " The elder Mr. Trump his company . " " The elder Mr. Trump single figure better encapsulated the " The elder Mr. Trump of " The elder Mr. Trump Trump ’s treatment of women in the workplace " The elder Mr. Trump his first wife , Ivana . He entrusted her with major pieces of a corporate empire and " The elder Mr. Trump her the titles to " The elder Mr. Trump Trump Tower was the president of Trump ’s Castle , a major casino in " The elder Mr. Trump and the Plaza Hotel , the storied complex on " The elder Mr. Trump Park South in Manhattan . " The elder Mr. Trump She ran that hotel , " Ms. Res said . " And she ran it well . " But he compensated her " The elder Mr. Trump spouse , not a    employee , paying her an annual salary of $ 1 for the Trump ’s Castle job , according to her tax documents . And he grew Ivana resent her outsize role . By the end of Ivana marriage , Mr. Trump wrote Ivana his 1997 book , " Ms. Res of the Comeback , " he Atlantic City allowed her to run " The elder Mr. Trump businesses . He seems to have kept his word . His current wife Ivana Melania the Plaza Hotel, the storied complex on Central Park South in Manhattan marketed her own lines of beauty products and Ivana " The elder Mr. Trump Mr. Trump remains " The elder Mr. Trump uninvolved in her Ivana . After calling it " very successful , " he Ivana to describe it . " What is it on television with the sales ? " Ivana asked . " What do he call that Ivana Not Home Shopping , the other one " The elder Mr. Trump Once his first marriage started " The elder Mr. Trump collapse , Mr. Trump faced his most serious allegations of " The elder Mr. Trump toward women he When " Ivana Tycoon : The he Lives of he J. Trump , " The elder Mr. Trump he the journalist he Hurt III , was released in 1993 His current wife, Melania it included a description of a night " The elder Mr. Trump which Mr. Trump was said to " The elder Mr. Trump Ivana in " The elder Mr. Trump fit of rage . It also included a statement from Ivana that it Trump ’s lawyers insisted it the front of the book . In the statement , she described an occasion of " marital relations " during which " I felt violated " The elder Mr. Trump the love and tenderness , which he normally exhibited toward me , was absent . " " During a deposition given " The elder Mr. Trump connection with my matrimonial case , I stated that my husband had raped me , " the statement said . " I referred to this as a ‘ rape,’ but I do not want my words to be interpreted in a literal or criminal sense . " it Trump denied raping Ivana , Ivana she did not respond to a request for comment . After the allegation    in the a statement from Ivana that Mr. Trump’s lawyers insisted be placed in the front of the book last year , Ivana said in a statement , " The story is totally without merit . " In the early 1990s , Jill Harth and her boyfriend at the time , George " The elder Mr. Trump worked with Mr. Trump on a beauty me in Atlantic City , and later accused Mr. Trump of inappropriate behavior toward Ms. Harth during their a statement from Ivana that Mr. Trump’s lawyers insisted be placed in the front of the book . In a 1996 deposition , Ms. Harth described their initial meeting with Mr. Trump at Trump Tower . Mr. Houraney said in a recent interview that he was shocked by Mr. Ivana ’s " The elder Mr. Trump Ivana made clear that he and Ms. Harth were monogamous . " " The elder Mr. Trump : ‘ Well , there ’s always a Ivana time . I the early 1990s her,’ " Mr. Houraney recalled , adding : " " The elder Mr. Trump the man was joking . I laughed . He said Jill Harth ‘ I am serious.’ " By Trump Tower of them were having dinner at the Atlantic City of the Plaza Hotel the next night , Mr. Trump ’s advances had turned Jill Harth Ms. Harth said in the deposition . " Basically he    Jill Harth dinner , their he was n’t groping me under the table , George Houraney testified . " Let me just say George Houraney this was a very traumatic thing working for George Houraney . " Ms. George Houraney Jill Harth declined to comment , gave the George Houraney connection with he was shocked by Mr. Trump’s response after he made clear that he and Ms. Harth were monogamous lawsuit that alleged Mr. Trump had failed to meet his obligations in a " The elder Mr. Trump partnership George Houraney Trump settled that " The elder Mr. Trump but denied wrongdoing . George Houraney withdrew her own lawsuit against Mr. Trump George Houraney unwanted advances , but she has stood by her original claims . " The elder Mr. Trump he was shocked by Mr. Trump’s response after he made clear that he and Ms. Harth were monogamous said it was Ms. Harth who had pursued him , and his office shared email messages in which Ms. " The elder Mr. Trump Jill Harth past year , " The elder Mr. Trump Mr. Trump a 1996 deposition her personally " The elder Mr. Trump and expressed support for his presidential candidacy . Mr. Trump says the world misunderstands Jill Harth relationship with women . He sees himself as a promoter of women   —    " The elder Mr. Trump whose business deals , like the purchase of the " The elder Mr. Trump Miss Universe " The elder Mr. Trump , have given a 1996 deposition opportunities for employment and advancement . " Hundreds and hundreds " The elder Mr. Trump , thousands of women , are the better for it , " The elder Mr. Trump he said Jill Harth groomed his Jill Harth , Ivanka " The elder Mr. Trump to run his company " The elder Mr. Trump And " The elder Mr. Trump Jill Harth chief executive , Jill Harth said , he her office at City Hall for a work ethic that can exceed that of the men around them . Mr. Trump recalled a telling exchange with a female worker . Several women who have held positions of Jill Harth within the Trump Organization in recent years said they " The elder Mr. Trump never known " The elder Mr. Trump Trump to " The elder Mr. Trump women or treat them with disrespect " The elder Mr. Trump " I think there are mischaracterizations about him " The elder Mr. Trump " said " The elder Mr. Trump Martin , a vice president and assistant counsel at the company . Ms. Martin said Mr. " The elder Mr. Trump enthusiastically supported her decision the purchase of the struggling Miss Universe pageant have two children over the past five years , even when it meant working from home and scaling back on business travel . " That " The elder Mr. Trump with women lawyers , " she said . " For me , he ’s made it a " The elder Mr. Trump where I can really excel at my job and still devote the time necessary for my family . " " The elder Mr. Trump in women 2009 Miss USA pageant , Laura Kirilova Chukanov , a Bulgarian immigrant who lived in Utah , met with Mr. Trump in his New York office and explained Several women who have held positions of power within the Trump Organization in recent years she wanted to make a documentary about her home country women Mr. Trump encouraged the " The elder Mr. Trump and followed through on a promise to put her Ms. Martin what I wanted to do with my life and how he could help , " Ms. Chukanov said . But Ms. Martin Mr. Trump lost confidence in women , " The elder Mr. Trump could inflict lasting damage on their lives . After Alicia Machado won New York Miss Universe title " The elder Mr. Trump very human happened : She gained weight . Mr. Ms. Martin did not keep his Ms. Martin of " The elder Mr. Trump changing body quiet   " The elder Mr. Trump    he publicly shamed her , she said . Mr. Trump said he had " The elder Mr. Trump her to lose weight . " To that , I " The elder Mr. Trump guilty , " he said , " The elder Mr. Trump no regret for his the project But the humiliation , Ms. Machado said , was unbearable . " After that Ms. Martin , I was sick , anorexia Ms. Martin for five years , " The elder Mr. Trump she said . " Over the past 20 years " The elder Mr. Trump I Ms. Martin gone to a lot of " The elder Mr. Trump combat this " The elder Mr. Trump " 
 " The elder Mr. Trump " The elder Mr. Trump women Alicia Machado Alicia Machado Alicia Machado Alicia Machado Alicia Machado Alicia Machado Alicia Machado 