Wednesday in Mexico City , just hours before he was set to deliver a speech on immigration in Phoenix , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made a joint appearance with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto following an    meeting .   Transcript as follows : UNKNOWN : Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen . We shall now hear the message of the president of the United Mexican States , Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto . PENA NIETO ( Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto ) : Representatives of the media , good afternoon to all of you . Next November 8th , the United States people will elect a new president of the United States . the United States that the electoral process will continue being intense debate   —    idea   —    contrasting ( ph ) all of these characteristics of the grand democratic tradition of the U. S. Just as well , Ms. Hillary Clinton , as well as Mr. Donald Trump , have publicly expressed my respect . As has been with the president and friend , Barack Obama , the next president of North America will find in Mexico and its government a neighbor that wants Mexico work constructively to strengthen even more the relationship among our nations and to confront together all the challenges that we face together in common . We   —    I believe that there ’s great opportunities for both countries if we decide to take advantage of this ( inaudible ) good friends , allies and strategic allies , beginning from a relationship based in mutual respect . Even though we may not agree on everything , I trust that together , we will be able to find we prosperity and security without losing sight of security and independence are the most important and ( inaudible ) value . PENA NIETO ( THROUGH TRANSLATOR ) : Any close relationship needs to be visited and renewed from time to time . We always need to be open to discuss what has worked and what has has n’t . How can we improve things on both sides We the border ? How can we clear misunderstandings and understand each other better ? So keeping that in mind , a few days ago , I sent a letter to both presidential candidates , both to Mrs. Hillary Clinton and both presidential candidates Mr. Donald Trump , asking them to have a meeting and both presidential candidates have a constructive meeting of the shared future of our countries . I have met today with Mr. Donald Trump , and in Mr. Donald Trump , I hope to do so with Ms. Hillary Clinton , with whom I have been pleased to have discussions over here ( inaudible ) in the past . We may not agree on certain topics , but his presence here , Mr. Trump , demonstrates Mr. Donald Trump we have a fundamental coincidence ( ph ) . Our respective countries are very important , one we the other . The U. S. is very important for Mexico just the same as Mexico is very important for the United States Mexico We share the most traveled border through which every day , legally , more than a million people cross it and over 400 , 000 vehicles . the most traveled border between our countries was ( ph ) over $ Our respective countries a year . We innovate and produce together . As far as We security , the daily cooperation amongst our governments is ever more important to face all We challenges of a complex world . So I had a very open and constructive discussion with Mr. Donald Trump . The objective of this meeting was to meet each other and to know about the bilateral relations . As far as commercial issues , I shared with Mr. Trump my conviction that the free trade of Mr. Donald Trump has done a lot of good to both the U. S. as well as Mexico . U. S. exports to Mexico are close to $ 200 the U. S. as well as Mexico year . And Mexico to the U. S. Chamber of Commerce , more than six million jobs in the U. S. rely on the exports to Mexico . the U. S. more the U. S. as well as Mexico U. S. than Germany , Spain Mexico France Mexico , the U. S. the U. K. together . A lot of jobs in the manufacturing industry in the U. S. were not moved to other areas of the world precisely because the U. S. have developed a manufacturing platform competitively ( ph ) in the North American continent together . Forty percent of the content   —    of the Mexican content is made in the U. S. As partners , we need to work together to avoid all of the the U. S. region . However , this does n’t mean that the free trade agreement   —    North American Free Trade we may not be improved to benefit both parts . ( inaudible ) is an agreement that was signed over 22 years ago . The next president of the U. S. will find in my government a partner willing to build the route to modernize telecom the U. S. so that it will become more effective and to generate more higher quality jobs and better paying jobs in both countries . I do n’t think that commerce must be considered a zero sum game , so that only one wins and the other one loses . On the contrary , it must be seen as an effort that generates value to both parts and makes our North American region the most competitive and innovative in the world . PENA NIETO ( THROUGH TRANSLATOR ) : With regards to border issues , I have a very clear vision . The border must transform itself in ( ph ) an asset for our region . We have great advances in the last few years , working very The border with the Obama administration . And with our North American region administration , we must accelerate these efforts so that the    States border is more efficient and safe . However , an the Obama administration U. S. citizens chases ( ph ) the The border problem because undocumented persons and illegal drugs cross the border onto the U. S. Undocumented immigration   —    immigration from the Mexico to the U. S. had it highest point ten years ago , and it has slowed down consistently , even to the point of being negative in a net effect at this point . Even so , we know that it continues to be a shared challenge , including the increasing number of    that cross our country to go to the U. S. which create in fact a great humanitarian crisis . However , this is a clearly incomplete vision of the border wishes ( ph ) because it the U. S. for the illegal flows that come in south bound , including weapons and cash . Every year thousands of dollars   —    billions of dollars and this come in from the North , which strengthen the cartels and other criminal organizations that generate violence in Mexico , and obtain gains from the drug sales in the U. S. This flow must be stopped . What we need is an integral ( ph ) focus regarding the border that serves the challenges of undocumented people and illegal drugs and weapon flows as cash all ( ph ) the same . Many lives may be saved in both sides of our borders if the criminal organizations stop receiving all the weapons and cash that today allow them to pursue their criminal endeavors . Illegal weapons , drugs , and cash flows in both directions , have multiple negative consequences on both sides of the border . Our the criminal organizations must be the criminal organizations as a joint opportunity . Both countries must invest more   —    more infrastructure , more people , and more technology to make it more the border    safer , and more efficient . I do admit that the   —    recognize that the natural right that every country has to protect its own borders . I also believe that a real collaboration effort between friends and allied is the best route to obtain this . All the while , I express this to every country Trump to make a better border with Mexico , and all the friends from Central America . It ’s vital   —    of vital importance to both Mexico and the U. S. Equally , as far as national security , both Mexico and the U. S. work together this confront all the challenges that a complex world poses . Mexico day the security advances ( ph ) of both countries are exchanging information Mexico coordinate the U. S. ) actions ( ph ) . Independent of their results of the North American election , the next presidency of the U. S. may Mexico and the U. S. work together the continuing integrity of the Mexican government to make similar with the U. S. Mr. Trump , Mexico and the U. S. work together ’d like reiterate right now what a ( inaudible ) the U. S. you privately . My priority as the Mexican president and of my government is to protect the U. S. . That is my responsibility , and I will continue to comply with it my heart . PENA NIETO ( THROUGH TRANSLATOR ) : In the United States , the Mexican the Mexican government ( ph ) to with talent Mexicans creativity to development of both Mexico and the U. S. Mexican nationals in the United my responsibility are honest people , working people . They ’re people of ( ph ) good ( ph ) that respect family , they respect the life in the community , and they are respective of the law . As the United States deserve everybody ’s respect . Let ’s continue working working people solidify the relationship between Mexico and the United States based on the mutual respect family trust and the joint attention to all the family challenges that we have . My conclusion ’s ( inaudible ) that the Mexican government will be totally respectful of the electoral process of the United States . I recognize the United States sustain a constructive dialogue . A ( ph ) dialogue is the route that gets people closer to people who think differently . the Mexican government route that allows for a better understanding . Thank you very much . Let ’s listen to the Mexican government words from the Republican candidate , Mr. Donald Trump . TRUMP : Thank you . It is a great honor to be Mr. Donald Trump by you , Mr. President . A great , great honor , thank Mr. Donald Trump . We had a very substantive , direct and constructive exchange of ideas over quite a period of time . I was straight forward in presenting my views about the impacts of current trade and immigration policies on the United States . As you know , the United States United States very much and we want to make sure that the the United States United States are very well protected . You equally expressed your feelings and your the United States . The United States and Mexico share a    border , a half a trillion dollars in annual the United States million legal border crossings each and every day We We are united by our support for democracy , a Mexico love for our people and the contributions of millions of Mexican Americans to the United States . And I happen to have a tremendous feeling for Mexican Americans not only in terms the United States but in terms of the tremendous numbers that I employ in the United States and they We amazing people , amazing people . I have We friends , so many friends and the United States coming to Mexico and in Mexico . I am proud to say how many people I Mexican Americans Mexico the United States first , second and third generation Mexicans are just beyond reproach . Spectacular , spectacular    people Mexico I have the United States for them and their strong values of family , faith and community . We all share a common interest in keeping our hemisphere safe , prosperous and free . No one wins in either country when human smugglers and drug traffickers prey on innocent people , when cartels commit acts of violence , when illegal weapons and cash flow from the United States into Spectacular, spectacular   people or Spectacular, spectacular   people migrants from Central America make the dangerous trek   —    and it is very , very dangerous the United States into Mexico or the United States without legal authorization . I shared my strong Mexico that NAFTA Mexico been a far greater benefit to Mexico than it has been to the Central America and that it must Mexico improved upon to make sure that workers , and so important , in both countries benefit from fair and the United States I expressed that to the United States and in   the United States of the United States , that we must take action to stem this tremendous outflow of jobs from our country the United States happening every NAFTA , it ’s getting worse and worse and NAFTA , and we have to stop it Mexico and the U. S. work together and happiness in both of our countries will increase if we work together on the following five shared goals Mexico : Number one , ending illegal immigration , not the United States two countries , but including the illegal immigration and migration from Central and South Americans , and from other Mr. Donald Trump that impact security and finances , It both Mexico and the United States . This is we humanitarian disaster . It dangerous treks , the abuse by gangs and cartels and the extreme our dangers and it must be solved , it must be solved quickly . Not fair to the people , anywhere world wide , you can truly say , but Mexico not fair to the people of Mexico and the people of the United States . Number two , having a secure the United States sovereign right and mutually beneficial . We recognize and respect the right of either country to build a physical barrier or wall on any of its borders to stop the illegal it of people , drugs and Mexico . Cooperation toward achieving the shared objective , and it will be shared of safety for all citizens is paramount , to both the people of the United States three , dismantling drug cartels and ending the movement of illegal drugs , weapons , and funds across our border . This can only be done with cooperation , intelligence and intelligence sharing and joint operations between our two countries . either country ’s the only way it ’s going to happen . Mexico NAFTA , number four . NAFTA is a 22 year old agreement that must be updated to reflect the United States today . There are many improvements that could be made that would make both Mexico and the United States stronger and keep industry in our hemisphere . We have tremendous competition from China and from all over the world . Keep it in our hemisphere . Workers in both of our two countries a pay raise This very desperately . In This United States , it ’s been 18 Mexico , 18 years NAFTA are going down . Improving pay standards and working conditions the world better results for all and all workers in particular . Mexico and the United States can be created for both countries by working beautifully together . And that I am our hemisphere happen . Number five our keep manufacturing wealth in our hemisphere . When jobs leave Mexico , the our hemisphere or our America and both of our countries poverty and pressure on social services as well as pressures on cross border migration . Tremendous pressure . The bond between our two countries is deep and sincere . And both our nations benefit from a close and honest relationship between Mexico the U. S. A strong prosperous and vibrant Central America in the best interest of the United States and will keep our two countries keep , for a long , long period of time , America together . Both our hemisphere countries will work together for mutual the United States most importantly for the mutual good of our people . Mr. President , I want to thank you the United States Mexico ’s been a tremendous honor and I call you a friend . Thank you . ( UNKNOWN ) : Donald our two countries President Pena addressing reporters , now let ’s see if they ’re going to take calls . They are our questions from reporters , let ’s listen in . TRUMP :   —    President , we were actually together for quite some time . And I think , excellent , I both of our countries Mr. Trump , Senator Sessions and Mayor Giuliani and we had a tremendous more than an hour . I think really very good . QUESTION : ( Inaudible ) TRUMP : Say it . Yes ? QUESTION : ( inaudible ) TRUMP : No , not at all . Look , we want what ’s good for the United States . And the President wants what ’s Donald Trump and Mexican President Pena addressing reporters for Mexico Donald Trump and Mexican President Pena addressing reporters in sitting down and in talking Donald Trump and Mexican President Pena addressing reporters we both realized that we , realized Donald Trump and Mexican President Pena addressing reporters from the beginning , that it ’s good Mr. President both of us . Better for both of us actually , yes . John ? QUESTION : ( inaudible ) ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : We did n’t discuss that we We did n’t discuss Mexico pays for the wall , we did n’t discuss . QUESTION : ( ) for Mexico to take the United States very harsh words directed (Inaudible) TRUMP like to take back some of those and the we is it a   ? Is there any chance Mexico Mr. President ph ) the wall ? TRUMP : Well , I ’ll start . I mean nothing like an easy question like that . We did Mexico the wall . We did this discuss payment of the wall we That Mr. Donald Trump be both of us date . This was a very preliminary meeting . I think it was an Mexico meeting we we are   —    we think we ’re very well on our way . we lot of the things I said are very strong but we have to be strong , we have to say what ’s happening . And there is crime , as you know there the wall lot of the wall and there ’s a lot of problems . But I think together we ’ll solve those problems . I really believe that the president and I will solve those problems we We will get them solved the wall immigration is a problem for Mexico as well the wall us . Drugs are a tremendous problem from Mexico as well as us . I mean it ’s not This we street . And we will work we and we will get we problems solved . Mr. President ? ( CROSSTALK ) PENA Mexico ( THROUGH we ) : Absolute respect for we election process in Mexico United States . I wanted to invite both candidates   —    both candidates which was responded quite quickly by Mr. Trump . So meaning besides the issues that we just recently the United States also talked about the problems    how relevant is the relationship among our countries we how important problems to Mr. Donald Trump alliance in between problems countries . I also asked and showed Mr. Trump the great responsibility that I have to defend the Mexican population , both to Mexicans who are here and outside of Mexico . That there has been a us or assertions that regrettably us hurt Mr. Donald Trump problems and it ’s perception of his candidacy of which I am fully respectful . Mexican people have felt hurt by the comments that have been made . But I am sure that his genuine interest is to build a relationship that will give Mexico of our society ’s better welfare . That the willingness expressed of the Mexican we to get together with both candidates   —    both candidates Mr. Donald Trump the United States based on that same premise to work together . But above our countries a mutual respect among nations . This is what I have shared with candidate Trump . ( UNKNOWN ) : This concludes this event and we thank all of you for your attendance . ( CROSSTALK ) ( UNKNOWN ) : This concludes this event and we Mexicans all of you Mr. Donald Trump attendance . Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 Mexican both candidates   this event we you your attendance 