Admins of the lighthearted political page " Liberty Memes " have been suspended from Facebook and had images mocking Hillary Clinton deleted from Facebook page . [ The Facebook page , boasting over 100 K likes , has had multiple images removed as Facebook apparently do n’t " follow the Facebook Community Standards " . One of the most recent images removed was one that poked fun at Hillary Clinton and the recent recommendation by the FBI not to press charges following Clinton Hillary Clinton scandal .    The image received approximately 10 K likes , 50 K shares and 4 million views before it was The image removed from the page for violating community standards . The image in question can be seen below , When Breitbart reached out to the pages admin to discuss the removal of this image The image provided us with the following statement : " Our page has us admins , and both of our accounts are us on suspensions of varied duration . This is n’t the first time that they have taken They our innocuous posts us that they violate community They . I ’m currently on my second 30 day ban from my Facebook account " .   The administrator further speculated that images seem to be removed from Facebook once they Facebook approximately Facebook million views within a week .   Although many images have been removed from the page , it does seem that images relating to Hillary Clinton are removed quite often . For example , the one below that actually seems to insult both the Democractic presidential candidate and the Republican candidate Donald Trump , was also removed from the page . the page is far from the first time Facebook seems to have singled out pages and users based on their political leanings , Facebook has reported extensively on Facebook ’s war on Facebook speech , their censorship of conservatives Facebook their anti Trump bias Facebook Liberty Memes is just the latest in a growing list of questionable suspensions of conservative and    social media accounts .   Lucas Nolan is a Journalism and Media student at Dublin Business School and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . He can be contacted Lucas Nolan Twitter here : @LucasNolan _ 
 