’   ’ "    Gov. John Kasich of Ohio found something surprising during the    first 100 days of President Donald Trump ’s administration . " ’    Both the White House and congressional Republicans are now    " taking a lot of positions that I had during the campaign , " he    said during a Monday interview with   while promoting he new book , " . " ’ "    Kasich listed some of the shifts in Trump ’s platform with which      Kasich not only agreed , but said   Kasich favored during   Kasich 2016    presidential campaign . " ’    " It’ ’s sort of like , I shake my head , " It’ said . " China’ ’s not a    currency manipulator . We like NATO . We’’re not going to deport 13    million people . ’ ’    " It’ ’s interesting . You see , It’ ’s interesting . Never in my    lifetime have I been called boring , but I think I was a boring    candidate for president because I tried to be responsible . " ’ ’    Kasich said one of the biggest problems Kasich faced as a candidate    was that since Kasich was a sitting governor , Kasich could not make    outlandish promises . ’ ’    " I couldn’’t actually say that this guy could jump 12 feet in the    air and slam dunk over Draymond Green , " Kasich said , referring to    the Golden State Warriors star and pointing at Business Insider    Executive Editor Brett LoGiurato . ’ ’    " You could say that , " Executive Editor Brett LoGiurato said jokingly . ’ ’    " Yeah , but that would be what we would call ’’ fake news , ’’ " Kasich    quipped back . " So I wouldn’’t say these things . " ’ ’    Kasich also pointed to a signature promise that many of the    Republicans who sought the presidency in 2016 made : ripping apart    the Iran nuclear agreement as soon as they took office . ’ ’    " I’’ll give you a good one , " I’’ll said of an example of an    outlandish , unfulfilled promise . " ’’ When I’’m president , I’’m    ripping up the Iran deal on Day One ! ’’ I haven’’t seen anyone rip    up anything . Including a number of the members of the United    States Senate . " ’ "    Reviewing the first 100 days of Trump ’s presidency , Kasich said    it was far too soon to give Kasich a grade . The Ohio    governor , who at times has been sharply critical of Trump’s , added    that he    the missile strike on a Syrian      airfield earlier this month , which followed    a chemical attack on civilians that the US has said was carried    out by Syrian President Bashar Assad ’s forces . " ’    During and after the campaign , Trump’s advocated an " America    First , " more isolationist foreign policy , touting nonintervention    in foreign wars . ’ ’    " I actually think the Syria strike mattered , and I’’ll tell you    why , " Kasich said . " I was at the Munich [ Security ] Conference    with John McCain . And people were really wondering about the    country . And I think that strike demonstrated some American    strength , which I think some people wanted to see . That was    good . " ’ ’    But Kasich , who during his presidential bid advocated a tougher    stance against the Syrian government , said he his " yet to see a    strategy " on a larger scale from the White House on Syria’ ’s civil    war and Assad’ ’s government . ’ ’    " But I do think the act in and of itself did have an impact on    the world in the way they were looking at us , " he said . " I do    believe that . " ’ ’    Taking another look at the Trump presidency , Kasich said the    administration   —    like all that preceded it the   administration   —    would be judged on       economy it    and leaves behind . ’ ’    " I think there will be great disappointment if all of a sudden    there’ ’s not economic growth , " he   there’’s . " Look , it always gets down       jobs . You don’’t have economic growth , things go south . If you    have economic growth , people feel better about things . ’ ’    " People would rather live in an area of poverty than in an area    where there are no jobs , " he   there’’s . " Because if they People in       , they People a certain sense of hope they People get out of    it . If there are no jobs , there’ ’s no hope . And bad things come    from that . " ’ "    Watch part of Business Insider ’s interview with Kasich : " ’ ’ ’Gov . John Kasich Ohio found something . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 