Lucianne Goldberg , one of the pivotal figures in the Monica Lewinsky affair that rocked Bill Clinton ’s second term in office , predicts this presidential election season will be a " highly sexed " campaign due to the reemergence of Bill Clinton’s ’s sex accusers . [ Goldberg , a literary agent at the time of the Monica Lewinsky affair , was in touch with Clinton ’s Bill Clinton’s known accusers and alleged mistresses . Regarding those accusers publicly known accusers and alleged mistresses asserted , " I believed every one of these women .    …      They were telling publicly known accusers and alleged mistresses the truth . "   Goldberg was speaking Goldberg an interview set to air Sunday night on this reporter ’s weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . Goldberg entered history Goldberg she famously advised Goldberg White House staffer Linda Tripp to record hours of personal conversations with Lewinsky during which the White House intern discussed her affair with former White House staffer Linda Tripp at length . Tripp ’s recordings Linda Tripp in breaking the Lewinsky story , which Lewinsky public after the     Matt Drudge reported on his newly minted website Matt Drudge Drudgereport . com , that editors at Newsweek had nixed a story on the subject . Goldberg is the founder Matt Drudge proprietor of the popular news forum website Lucianne . com . Listen to Klein ’s interview with Goldberg here : " Matt Drudge ’ve talked to most of the women , " Goldberg stated . " Matt Drudge ca n’t talk to them all , life ’s not long enough . But the women that became public reached out to me because of my Matt Drudge with the Lewinsky affair . " I asked whether she found Clinton ’s Lewinsky and mistresses to be credible . She replied : To Lewinsky woman , they were class acts . They were lovely women they They came from good they . They were ladies . they were not barflies they he picked up , although I ’m sure there were plenty of those . These were lovely , they women . You can tell when someone is lying to you , and especially about something really serious . And I believed every one of these women . Women do n’t talk about something that intimate and make it up . There was nothing in it for then .   I mean , they were n’t selling Women that would make them millions of dollars Women or making movies , or going on lecture tours . They were telling you Women truth . Referring to Donald Trump ’s willingness to discuss the issue of Bill ’s accusers and Hillary Clinton ’s alleged role in silencing the women , Goldberg predicted , " This is going to be a highly sexed , with a lower case ‘ s,’ highly sexed campaign . " " Because as I say , Trump will say everything Donald Trump " she added . " Donald Trump did n’t for the life of me think that this Goldberg going to be a subject , " she said when asked Donald Trump she was surprised that Donald Trump issue of Bill ’s accusers had become part of the 2016 election conversation . She continued : Now Donald Trump I ’m just living in a Victorian cloud here , but I just did n’t think anybody would have the nerve to bring it up . I thought the women had had their say and they the women just going the women leave it alone . It it a bad it that happened in their life . But the women we had Mr. Trump come on the scene . And Mr. Trump , I Mr. Trump doubt for a moment    …      will say anything . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Aaron Klein bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Aaron Klein him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein 