Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s incoming chief of staff defended Donald Trump’s new boss’ decision to pay $ 25 million to settle Trump University lawsuits , saying the    simply wanted to put that litigation to rest before taking the oath of office .   In an interview Sunday with CNN ’s Jake Tapper , Reince Priebus , currently the Republican National Committee chairman , noted that Trump did not admit wrongdoing in the settlement announced Friday .   " When the presidency hits you , and the presidency ’s at your front door and you realize that you are president of the United States for all Americans , there are some things that are important to you and some things that you decide , " Priebus said . " Look , let ’s move on , we ’re not admitting wrongdoing , and let ’s just start leading this country without distraction .    " That ’s what you ’re seeing , and I think Americans should look at this as a real positive sign about what kind of great president he is going to be and how he wants to lead this country . " The settlement ended a suit brought by the New York attorney general as well as two    suits in California over Trump University . The cases alleged Trump Trump University people who enrolled in real estate seminars he Trump University in 2005 . ’Potential conflicts of interest?’ In Sunday ’s interview , Priebus said Americans should n’t be concerned with potential     schemes in a Trump administration despite reports that Trump Trump University daughter , Ivanka , who helms part of the family ’s business portfolio , has sat in on some of Trump Trump University early meetings with foreign leaders .   " We ’ve been at this for a few days . I mean , this this ridiculous . Let ’s just kind of take a deep breath . The point is , what Americans should see from    Trump University Trump University who , by being in action from the moment he was declared the winner , he was he a mission to bring everyone together , " Priebus said .   " That , to me , he what we should be celebrating . I think people should be encouraged by what they see people And I think it ’s a real positive sign for the future of our country . "   Tapper pressed Priebus on Priebus topic , asking : " As White House chief of staff , you ’re supposed to look out for any political or ethical minefields . Is it seriously the position of the Trump transition team that this is not a huge cauldron of potential conflicts of interest ? " And Priebus said Priebus " Obviously we will comply with all of those laws , and we will we our White we White House all of these things . We will have we ’i’ dotted and every ’t’ crossed , and I can assure the American people that there would n’t be any wrongdoing or any sort of undue influence over any   . " And he defended Trump ’s pick for attorney general , Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , against accusations of racist conduct early in his career . Trump of racially charged comments cost Sessions a job as a federal judge in 1986 .   Priebus said Sessions " started his career fighting Priebus Wallace . "   " He voted for Priebus former Attorney General ) Eric Holder . He fought for Eric Holder congressional gold medal for Rosa Parks , " Priebus said . Priebus This is an honorable , decent , good human being that we ’re talking about . " ’Sanctuary cities,’ immigration , Priebus also suggested Priebus Trump White House could seek to block federal dollars from flowing to " sanctuary cities " that do n’t enforce immigration laws .   In recent years , local governments across the country fought back against federal immigration enforcement by calling themselves sanctuary cities local governments across the country Trump made them the Trump White House focus local governments across the country the campaign trail , pledging to block funding for cities that take that tack . " The idea that a city would decide to ignore federal law and then would want the federal government to help them anyway is the federal government inconsistent position for those local governments to continue to engage in , " Priebus said .   " And so , I think this is a matter of negotiation . .. but certainly I ca n’t imagine that too many Americans are watching this and thinking that it ’s a this idea for a city to allow for blanket amnesty , ignoring federal law , and then say , ’Now give me $ 500 million,’ " he said . ’Now No , that ’s not the way life works . And I think that a Trump administration is going to explore this issue and , I think , resolve some of these major problems that are happening all across the country . "   Trump has also a Trump administration to reverse President Barack Obama ’s executive actions on immigration     throwing into question the legal status of    Dreamers who were brought into the United States as children .   Priebus deflected a question on the status of those people , saying Trump would focus a Trump administration border security and the deportation of those who have committed crimes first . Further immigration policy decisions are " a subject that ’s going to come up after those first two things are taken care of , " he said . Priebus 