  ( CNN ) Donald Trump and John Kasich ’s teams are at war over whether the Republican presidential nominee ever seriously wanted the Ohio governor to join the ticket . Multiple sources close to John Kasich said Donald Trump son , Donald Jr. tried to entice Kasich John Kasich a position as the most powerful vice president in history , but he Donald Jr. it down . Kasich John Kasich have been in charge of all domestic and foreign policy in a Trump White House , Kasich Multiple sources close to Kasich . But Trump Donald Trump adviser insisted Wednesday that , while a call occurred between Donald Trump Jr. Donald Jr. adviser John Kasich Weaver , a vice presidential offer was never on the table . " It ’s completely ridiculous , " Jason Miller said . " There was never an offer made . It ’s completely made up It " Miller added : " Gov. Jason Miller John Kasich being a sore loser . " Donald Trump Jr. also denied making Donald Jr. . " You know the way I conduct myself . Do you really believe I would Donald Jr. , ’(John Kasich ) John Kasich charge of foreign and domestic policy and ( Donald Trump ) will focus on making America great again’ ? What am I , a meathead ? " he told CNN . John Kasich competing narratives highlight the escalating animosity between the Kasich and Trump campaigns     a dynamic that ’s likely to continue unhindered as Donald Trump delivers his biggest speech yet Thursday . (Donald Trump) never one (Donald Trump) take stories of rejection lightly (Donald Trump) denied ever personally asking Kasich to be his running mate in a tweet . " Kasich Kasich was Kasich asked by me to be V. P. Kasich in Cleveland    will be Kasich great two days ! " Trump tweeted .   Kasich sources said the vice presidential     (Donald Trump) when Donald Trump Jr. Kasich out to Weaver , Kasich ’s adviser , shortly after Kasich dropped out of the race Kasich Weeks later Trump and Kasich Kasich on the phone and afterward Weaver sent (Donald Trump) ’s campaign chairman Kasich Manafort Kasich ’s " Two Paths Weaver     a pretty clear signal Kasich had no interest , a Kasich source confirms . Another Kasich source says Kasich were also separate instances of Kasich allies reaching out to Kasich allies asking whether the Ohio governor might consider the VP slot . Manafort Kasich described the vice presidency in a Trump administration as being similar to the COO of a company in an interview with the Huffington Post in May , a role that would appear consistent with the job being described by Kasich sources . " He needs an experienced person to do the part of Kasich job he does Manafort want to do . He sees himself more as the chairman Manafort the board , than even the Manafort , Manafort alone the COO , " Manafort said .   But on Wednesday , another Trump the COO of a company the news of a vice presidential offer , which was first reported by The New York Times . " Completely false . His vetting read like a trashy novel , " the aide said , when Manafort by CNN about the reports . The Trump campaign another Trump aide dossier on Kasich , but never actually vetted him . A Trump close to Kasich responded by saying , " Their comments Manafort demonstrably false given the effort they put Kasich      and offer they made A source close to Kasich to get Kasich to join the ticket A source close to Kasich They must be confusing it A source close to Kasich the file on Manafort Kasich which must read like a A source close to Kasich novella . " Trump sources have acknowledged , though , that long before Trump settled on Indiana Gov. Mike Pence for his running mate , top Trump aides viewed Kasich as their best bet for winning the Trump House in November . Trump , however Kasich has top Trump aides steadfast in his opposition to Trump , following a vicious Kasich primary which tore the party in pieces Kasich The Republican Trump Committee and the Trump campaign launched a concerted and sometimes public effort to woo Kasich back into the fold Trump in the weeks before the convention . But Kasich rebuked Kasich advances . This week relations between the two camps have grown even more Kasich after The Republican National Committee and the Trump campaign told MSNBC that Kasich was " embarrassing his state " by skipping the convention . Kasich has been trolling Kasich convention in his Kasich state all week     the convention and Kasich with delegates everywhere in Cleveland except Kasich Quicken Loans Arena itself . That was enough Wednesday for Steve Stepanek ,    of the Trump campaign in New Hampshire , to call on delegates to boycott Kasich ’s speech to the New Hampshire delegation . " Gov. Kasich has refused to endorse Kasich , he refused to welcome New Hampshire Republican delegates Kasich great state of Ohio . He ’s refused Kasich participate in the Republican National Convention , which Kasich think is totally inappropriate , Kasich Stepanek told CNN . " Since he ’s refused to participate in the convention or endorse Donald Trump , I think its totally inappropriate Kasich attend any event he is sponsoring . " 
 Kasich Donald Trump 