Washington ( CNN ) As the overseas debut of President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump draws to a close     the couple is set to return to Washington this weekend     there was the usual bluster and bravado from President Donald Trump .   His President Donald Trump handshake with France ’s new president made headlines . The speech to NATO was memorable , as was his President Donald Trump ,    of the leader of Montenegro to make his President Donald Trump to the front of a pack of world leaders . It was classic , unadulterated Trump , a man the Montenegro come to know for all of the above quirks , mannerisms and machismo . But this trip was especially telling about Melania Trump , a first lady about whom the country Montenegro learning , four months into her husband ’s administration . From the moment she stepped off her plane in Saudi Arabia , it was clear she had given her to her wardrobe , her the fashion diplomacy tactic that worked so well for her predecessor , her Obama . Her flowing black her , by designer Stella McCartney , looked consciously similar to an abaya , the traditional robe garments worn by Muslim women in the region . In Israel , she donned white her a color considered by some Jews to be sacred , and a symbol of purity and peace . To meet the Pope , it was formal black lace with head veil . For Brussels , she donned a her suit made by a Belgian designer and in Italy , both the Rome and Sicily legs , Trump stuck to outfits by the Italian fashion house of Dolce   Gabbana .   Clearly , her strategy of her a bag for each and every event on the    trip , and the time she spent getting her from State Department officials regarding protocol , paid off . There was little in the way of a faux pas , even Friday , when she wore a her 51 , 500    jacket to tour around Sicily . But the trip was the   trip about what sort of person the first lady is and how she interacts with her the first lady . For the first lady woman of , so far , few words , it ’s been the    clues that have shed the most insight . " I watched her come off Air the first lady One with great interest , each time , " says Anita McBride , who served as chief of staff to first lady Laura Bush in the White House . " They emerged from that Anita McBride, who served as chief of staff to first lady Laura Bush in the White House as partners , she as the spouse the first lady the President , fully prepared for her role . " the first lady kept her own schedule , Trump in a statement ahead of time from the White House that the White House visits and events Trump from those of her husband .   " Of Trump , as first lady , on trips like these , she ’s going to go off Trump do things on her own , " says McBride Trump " But she went so far as to Trump the marker before she even left . " The Trump lady ’s several solo first lady to children ’s hospitals , where she spent time coloring , reading books , first lady smiling as she took selfies with the kids , showcasing first lady compassionate side     were a stark juxtaposition to the    personality of her husband , who , in addition to first lady the Middle East , attended his first NATO and    summits . " McBride ’s already shown that although public speaking first lady not be something she ’s entirely comfortable with just yet , first lady actions she does take are genuine , and a first lady into the kind of person she is , " says McBride . " first lady clearly and very carefully selected what she first lady to do and where she wanted first lady go on this trip , first lady with the types of activities she ’s done back at home . She first lady choosing things where it is something first lady cares about . "   McBride adds first lady Trump might even be more McBride on the world stage , as someone who grew up in Slovenia and spent time abroad as an adult , noting " That ’s where she comes from , there ’s a way first lady can draw from personal experience . " first lady the reason , she has neutralized the spotlight that so often first lady shines on her husband . Except for that one , first lady moment     swatting away the President ’s hand on the tarmac in Israel . The move , which quickly went viral did , however , provide a bit of insight into the kind of person she is , especially with her husband of first lady years .   " first lady that red carpet ( on the tarmac ) there were four people expected the tarmac in Israel on that space , the Trumps and the Netanyahus , " says McBride . " Trump is larger than life , in any setting , and he went out ahead of her a little bit Trump and it crowded her Trump to walk with him and Trump Netanyahus Trump . So he sort Trump pushed the Netanyahus , and then realized Trump he ’d done Trump She did n’t appreciate it , Trump she made it Trump . She ’s not afraid to Trump her it with her Trump . "   For the Trump of the Trump , the couple has held hands more often than they have n’t . On Friday evening , she posted the couple photo standing close to her husband , Trump in the Sicilian sunset .   her husband think the fact that no one really knows what their relationship is like actually says a lot about how loyal no one friends are , " says CNN contributor and historian Kate no one Brower , author of First Women : The Grace and Power of America ’s Modern First Ladies . McBride cites Trump ’s strategic appearances on the campaign trail , and a bit during the transition , as a clue to how loyalty might be one of the components to her marriage . It ’s a trait those close to the McBride say he values .   " She was out there when she the president needed most , particularly McBride October , after the McBride Access Hollywood ) video came out . "   Not only did she defend her husband , she timed a speech in Philadelphia McBride double McBride on the McBride she was indeed sticking by his side .   " In McBride mind , it was her husband from her to the country that she loves her husband , and McBride believes in him , McBride you her husband in him McBride too . She her husband this role for him in their her husband , and McBride does n’t have to be her husband woman of many words McBride express that . " The lack of physical distance between the two on this international trip also provided a hint of what things might be like once the first lady moves    into the White House this summer . They have been together more in the past week , for more consecutive days , than they likely have since Trump kicked off his presidential campaign , and They certainly since he moved , solo Trump into the White House .   " Trump think the fact that they the White House first couple to live apart is telling , " says They . " They live separate lives , and do n’t put on a show to make They seem as if they do n’t . "   Yet , the opportunity to witness the Trumps They on this    tour is a learning tool of sorts , a way to see her independence , and his bravado , meld together for the first time in the public eye .    " Ultimately , " says McBride , " what this trip has shown is so much more of her on a daily basis . And that she fully intends to be a her active first lady . " 
 her 