A humanities course at the University of Colorado , Colorado Springs , asks students to reconsider the way that students think about students country by arguing that the Founding Fathers were ‘ terrorists’ and that wealthy CEOs should be in prison . [ A report by The College Fix revealed that two professors at a public Colorado university are indoctrinating students with a heavy dose of Marxist revisionism . The course , which is entitled " Resistance and Revolution , " is    by two professors , history lecturer Jared Benson and sociology instructor Nicholas Lee , who collaborated together on the course . In the course , Jared Benson argue that ideals upon which America was founded were " merely a fabrication for a social movement . "    Lee argues that Lee participated two professors, history lecturer Jared Benson and sociology instructor Nicholas Lee, who collaborated together on the course tarring and feathering in effigy , thus qualifying them as a " terrorist organization . " Despite their claims , them is little to no evidence that the Founding Fathers participated in such activities . " They were an them of guys that went out and did stuff , tarring and feathering in effigy , and sometimes it was n’t in effigy , " Lee said . Lee As Jared pointed out , by any modern definition , they were a them organization . I do n’t say that to be hyperbolic , literally an organization that uses terror to accomplish what they want , them ’s exactly what they were doing them right ? So all these people who were our Founding Fathers —   well it ’s all relative at the time —   were using violence and terror . " Because only the wealthy were affected by taxes , Benson and Lee argue that the Revolutionary War had very little to do with freedom . Rather , they believe that Benson and Lee rich manipulated the downtrodden into fighting the war for the Revolutionary War exclusively Benson and Lee the benefit of those at the top . " Wealthy colonists needed to work to manufacture discontent , " Lee said . Lee They used slave rhetoric Wealthy colonists needed to work to manufacture discontent the great hypocrisy was that they themselves owned slaves Wealthy colonists needed to work to manufacture discontent " The wealthy led the colonists to believe they were suffering as a Wealthy colonists needed to work to manufacture discontent of the British even though the quality of living was actually very high in the colonies for the people at the time —   higher than London for the average person . " Benson provided a    comparison between Thomas Paine and Donald Trump , arguing that Paine ’s famous work , Thomas Paine , used fear and hatred to rile up the masses . " He caters to the lowest Benson denominator —   people who are scared —   scared of things that are different —   of different stories , of different narratives . This should sound very similar in 2016 . Appeal to the masses by giving them people to fear and hate . " The two scholars frequently brought Marxist and socialist themes into the course . Lee argued for the end of extreme corporate profits by pondering why " corporation ’s profits [ are n’t ] being reduced in an equivalent amount [ instead of increasing the cost of goods ] ? " Lee also argues that wealthy CEOs Lee be put into " moral prisons " for failing to to uphold their " human responsibility . " wealthy CEOs Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email Tom Ciccotta at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta 