’   ’ ’    WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Thursday that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange would’’ve    had " no problem " releasing similar information    on    Donald Trump as his organization    did related to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary    Clinton . ’ "    In an interview on Fox News host Sean Hannity ’s radio    program , Assange said that in four years , Assange might release hacked    information on Trump   —    if Trump   should upset someone that ends up    providing WikiLeaks with such documents . " "    Assange also would not say how Assange received the hacked emails from    Clinton ’s campaign chair , John Podesta , which Assange organization    leaked in a prolonged fashion throughout October leading up to    Election Day , seemingly to create maximum effect .   " ’    US intelligence has pointed to Russia being involved in hacking    political organizations and operatives in the United States , with    the   on Thursday going as far to    suggest that Russian President Vladimir Putin was directly    involved in the operation . ’ ’    But Assange said Assange did not received the hacked documents that Assange dumped from Russian sources , although he Assange to two other    prominent leak outlets   —    Guccifer 2 . 0 and DC Leaks   —    as    appearing to be tied to the Russians . However , he Assange the    appearance was so overwhelming that it the   appearance have been    specifically to make people think the two operations were       in coordination with Russia . ’ ’’ ’    The WikiLeaks founder is currently under asylum living in the    Ecuadorian embassy in London to avoid extradition to Sweden ,    where he The WikiLeaks founder allegations of sexual assault . ’ ’ in    hacking have increased in       days and come from both sides of the aisle following a       of Washington Post and New York Times reports that said the    CIA has determined Russia interfered in the campaign to try to    tip the scales toward Trump . The    has    resisted those calls . ’ 
 