Phoenix , Arizona ( CNN ) The Southern Baptist Convention moved to denounce the " " white nationalist movement Wednesday , a collective decision that occurred only after pastors pushed back against denominational leaders who initially chose not to address the issue . At pastors annual meeting , Southern Baptists agreed to a statement decrying " every form of racism , including    white supremacy , as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ . "   Denominational leaders had planned not to vote on a resolution about race relations , but reversed course following an outcry on the floor of the convention the day before . Leaders worked through the night to craft an updated resolution after the original text failed to gain traction on the first day of the convention . The debate began when Rev. Dwight McKissic , a black pastor from Arlington , Texas , called on Southern Baptists to formally condemn the movement ’s " retrograde ideologies , xenophobic biases , and racial bigotries " and    its the movement to racism in the aftermath of a presidential election that saw the rise of a small movement of nationalist and white supremacists that coalesced in support of President Donald Trump . Members of the Southern Baptist Convention , a coalition of churches that comprise the nation ’s largest Protestant denomination , convene just once a year to discuss church business , make budget decisions , commission new missionaries and vote on " resolutions " that affirm their Members of the Southern Baptist Convention, a coalition of churches that comprise the nation’s largest Protestant denomination , social or political priorities . A Resolutions Committee chooses what topics will be formally voted upon before the meeting . This year ’s list of approved resolutions , for example , included a call to defund Planned Parenthood , a rebuke of gambling and an affirmation that morality is important for political leaders .   Race relations are an extremely sensitive issue within the Southern Baptist Convention . The denomination was founded in 1845 , when it The denomination from other Baptists who opposed slavery . The The denomination not formally rebuke its past The denomination 1995 , when Southern Baptists voted to repent and apologize for their history The denomination racism , support of slavery and failure to stand firmly in opposition to white supremacy . The body The denomination elect its first black The denomination of the convention until 2012 the first black president of its annual pastor The denomination conference began his term of the first black president of its annual pastor’s conference this year . Like the nation ’s population as a whole , the American Church is becoming less white , a demographic shift that has led many denominations to ensure they put more many denominations on diversity in leadership and make worshippers of color feel welcome in their sanctuaries . worshippers of color ’s resolution , however , had been rejected by the convention ’s Resolutions Committee before the meeting . It would not McKissic’s resolution a vote unless it was forced McKissic’s resolution the will of the convention attendees     called " messengers "     from the floor .   On Tuesday afternoon , McKissic stood to McKissic his resolution and McKissic’s resolution it was rejected . McKissic’s resolution Duke , chairman of the Committee on Resolutions , said that it had been rejected McKissic’s resolution it " was not McKissic’s resolution " and included " inappropriate " language .   McKissic called for McKissic body to instruct the committee to reconsider the Committee on Resolutions would require a    majority . It failed . McKissic Few messengers had seen the actual resolution and McKissic’s resolution about what , exactly " the   " was . Still , the rejection set off alarm bells among many pastors at the convention who could n’t believe their denomination might fail to stand against many pastors manifestations of racism and chose not to act .   After the vote on whether to consider McKissic ’s resolution failed , Rev. Garrett Kell , the lead pastor Kell president , Rev. Steve Gaines .   " This may show my ignorance , sir , because I do n’t know how this works , " Kell said . " But I would hate for us to leave here today with confusion about where the Southern Baptist convention stands on the   . "   Kell was told that the messengers would need to agree to    the Resolutions Committee process , which seemed unlikely .   Meanwhile , Kell was incensed . He walked through the crowded convention hall and demanded a meeting with the convention ’s Parliamentarian to find a way for the issue to McKissic addressed .   McKissic was told that there was still a the Southern Baptist convention He could try to bring it up again at another session that night .   McKissic did , but this time he did n’t come McKissic . A group of McKissic young ,    and Millennial pastors had mobilized through McKissic media , and vowed to McKissic him navigate convention rules to force a vote .    " I ’m going to make sure that this Southern Baptist Convention is not going McKissic complete with any illusion that this entity supports in any way a racist group , especially in light of the fact that this convention was founded on racist ideologically , " Kell said . " Being unclear on the spirit of this is dumb , foolish and this Southern Baptist Convention of time . "   Charles Hedman , a pastoral assistant at Capitol Hill Baptist Church in Washington , DC , and an attorney versed in the arcane rules of parliamentary procedure , took the lead from the floor .    He called on the convention to reconsider McKissic ’s resolution and " condemn the    from the stage as we speak right now so there is Charles Hedman, a pastoral assistant at Capitol Hill Baptist Church in Washington, DC, and an attorney versed in the arcane rules of parliamentary procedure misunderstanding from the press or this convention . "   Standing at another microphone across the room , Kell pressed further .    " I just want clarity from the president of the Southern Baptist Convention about whether we condemn , as a convention , racism , "    said .    Speaking from the stage , Gaines responded , " I ’ll speak for myself . I do n’t know that I can Kell for everyone    this room , but I believe God loves everyone . I believe there Gaines only one race and that is the human race . "   the room was taken on whether to make more time to reconsider .   They would n’t know the results for another three hours .   Danny Akin , a denomination leader and president of the Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary , Another vote Gaines on the phone . " I think we ’re heading toward a trainwreck,"Akin warned him .   As a    plan , a group of pastors Gaines together and vowed to work through the night to draft their own resolution condemning Danny Akin, a denomination leader and president of the Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary and release it on their own accord through social media . But behind the scenes , Southern Baptist leaders were already working a group of pastors .   Russell Moore , the racism of a group of pastors Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission , and a leading Southern Baptist voice on the issue of racial reconciliation , took the lead to    the resolution . As an outspoken critic of Trump in 2016 , Southern Baptist a polarizing figure last year     at least temporarily     within the denomination . Trump went on to win a supermajority of support from evangelical voters , putting Moore largely out of step with his theological brethren .   But that was Trump . Now , the Southern Baptists needed his voice more than ever . Moore " It was critically important Trump get this right " Moore said . " The    is n’t just some sociological Trump . The    is contrary to the gospel of Jesus Christ and Satanic to the core Moore We need to be very clear on that . " Moore and The    leadership went into overdrive working backstage on a new ,    resolution . After a worship service and a ceremony to commission new missionaries Moore Gaines and other leaders returned to the stage to announce the results of the vote three hours earlier .   This one , too , he announced , failed to reach the    needed . Messengers in the conventional hall gasped .   Gaines , however , was resolute about not leaving until the that was addressed . Under a cloud of external pressure from media reports saying they had failed to Gaines racism and a storm of criticism on social media , Gaines decided to push the boundaries of the rules .   The Resolutions Committee Gaines and other leaders he said , recognized that they had made a mistake and unanimously voted to Gaines something of a parliamentary   . Even though they had already formally closed their Gaines report , they requested Gaines and other leaders from the convention to use open time the next day to hold a vote on a newly Gaines and other leaders resolution that would condemn Gaines and other leaders of the philosophy Gaines and other leaders . The new resolution , which risked little confusion with the new title , " On the    of    White Supremacy , " could be voted on the following day if    agreed to an immediate vote . Gaines took time to explain what the    was and why he and other leaders believed it should be condemned . He called the vote . A sea of hands went up throughout the convention all . Organizers said they Gaines only one person vote the    opposition .   After Gaines dramatic an immediate vote pastors gathered in a nearby room to debrief , where they acknowledged that they narrowly Organizers a catastrophe .   " We ended up with a an immediate vote , " said Al Mohler , president of the Southern Theological Seminary . pastors We should pastors apologize for doing the right thing even pastors we end up a little bruised in doing it , even if we stumble over each other on the way to pastors it . . .. Thanks be to God we got pastors chance to come back tomorrow and say what we want to pastors . " That was so close to being a disaster . God 
 pastors pastors 