STERLING HEIGHTS , Michigan   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump took Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump fight for Michigan to the northern suburbs of Detroit on Sunday evening , telling a packed crowd of 4 , 200 at the Freedom Hill Amphitheater that regardless of what FBI director James Comey said , Hillary Clinton was guilty . [ " You ca n’t review 650 , 000 emails in eight days , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said .   " Hillary Clinton is guilty . Hillary Clinton knows it , FBI FBI it it the people know it it and now it it up to the American people to deliver justice at the ballot box November 8th , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said , to roars of applause .   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had announced earlier on Sunday that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump team had reviewed the emails and that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump found no reason to change Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump mind about not indicting Hillary Clinton for    classified information . The FBI ’s investigation into "   " at the Clinton Foundation remains ongoing .   The crowd in Sterling Heights was booming and enthusiastic . Several thousand who tried to attend the rally had to be turned away for lack of space . Panoramic shot of # Trump rally at # SterlingHeights # Michigan pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 7 , 2016 ,   Trump made special mention of union members and Democrats , whom he welcomed to the rally . And he he invited a group of children onstage , five of whom were wearing    that spelled "     . " The crowd cheered : "   ! " The the rally younger , in general , than many Trump Trump , with children , teenagers , and millennials    in the crowd The crowd woman held a sign in gold lettering : " Millennials for Trump Trump " Rachel Williamson of Shelby Township , and Jessica Wuolukka , of Macomb , told Breitbart News that they came to Rachel Williamson of Shelby Township, and Jessica Wuolukka, of Macomb rally to show that young people support Trump Trump " Trump Trump the man . I support him Trump definitely , " Williamson said . Rachel Williamson He Trump going to get it right , " Wuolukka chimed in . " He Trump a successful businessman . " " He Trump n’t have to to this , Williamson added . Rachel Williamson agreed : Wuolukka He Trump doing this because he Trump us . " There were also signs in the crowd heralding " Jews for Trump , " " Chaldeans for Trump , " and " Blacks for Trump . " Trump noticed the Trump sign , and praised it from the the latter sign . Trump attacked Obamacare Trump as well as the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) which he called the Trump worst " trade deal ever negotiated , and which he laid at Trump feet of Bill and Hillary Clinton . He also criticized Trump Syrian refugee program , and Obama ’s foreign policy in Syria , where he had announced Trump intention to Trump Islamic    Mosul long before doing do . ( U. S.   forces attacked the Islamic State stronghold of Raqqa this weekend , but without similar fanfare , perhaps in reaction to such criticism . ) As he has done Trump previous rallies , Trump attacked the media , who were booed by the crowd . The audience also burst spontaneously into a chant of " CNN sucks ! " Trump also drew Trump and jeers by mocking    and his wife Beyoncé Trump who performed for Hillary Clinton late last week . He said that Trump did not Trump celebrities , or guitars , to draw a crowd . That created a moment of awkwardness , since Trump had preceded Trump an hour before by musician Ted Nugent   —    whose speech and performance Trump missed as Trump motorcade rushed Trump the airport to the venue . Ted Nugent onstage musician Ted Nugent   Trump rally near # Detroit # Michigan pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 6 , 2016 ,   Nugent praised his fellow musician Ted Nugent   Michiganiacs musician Ted Nugent   who had showed up to pack the rally . He #Trump rally near #Detroit #Michigan pic audience musician Ted Nugent   go home after the event and " fix " anyone who needed to be " fixed " to vote for Trump . Michigan has 16 Electoral College Michigan , which it has not cast for Michigan Republican presidential candidate since 1988 . However , Trump ’s threat to Clinton Trump real . Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama Clinton hold appearances in Michigan on Monday Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama — Michigan as will Trump , in a return visit to Grand Rapids Monday evening . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 