Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Friday continued Donald Trump outreach to    voters , presenting   voters with a stark question : " What the hell do you have to lose ? " Speaking in Dimondale , Michigan     a predominantly white suburb of Donald Trump lamented the collapse of American manufacturing and criticized free trade deals as he laced Donald Trump Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party , saying they are Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party black voters for granted .   " You ’re living in poverty , your schools are no good , you have no jobs , 58 % of your youth is unemployed     what the hell do you have to lose ? " Trump asked Donald Trump audience in an unscripted moment from a speech in which he otherwise Donald Trump to his teleprompter Donald Trump    man ejected from Trump rally Donald Trump Trump has Donald Trump the 58 % statistic before , a figure likely extrapolated from the    ratio , which shows that 42 . 7 % of blacks ages 16 to 24 had a job in July . But that does n’t mean that those without a job are necessarily looking for one , so a CNNMoney Reality Check earlier this month found Trump ’s Donald Trump be true , but misleading . Clinton , responding to Trump ’s appeal Donald Trump back Friday evening , tweeting , " This is so ignorant it ’s staggering . This Trump later accused Clinton Donald Trump to give Clinton to refugees rather than unemployed    in the US , saying they have " become refugees in their own country . " they Trump     speaking to an Donald Trump audience that featured only a smattering of    and other minorities     also promised that were he to run for    at Donald Trump end of his    term , he would Donald Trump 95 % of Donald Trump black vote .   Such support would be a tall order for Trump     a new NBC    Donald Trump poll shows Clinton beating Trump 91 % % among   . Donald Trump Friday ’s speech follows major changes in Trump ’s campaign . Earlier in the Donald Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort resigned , and on Wednesday , Trump announced a new campaign manager and CEO Donald Trump The changes coincided with a startlingly contrite campaign major changes in Trump’s campaign Trump on Thursday , when he acknowledged that Donald Trump statements he ’s made on campaign chairman Paul Manafort trail have been hurtful campaign chairman Paul Manafort others . Trump has spent the week appealing to    Donald Trump in his speeches , saying he would fix poverty Donald Trump ways that Democrats Donald Trump been unable to since Lyndon Johnson was in the White House . At a campaign rally in Charlotte , North Carolina , Thursday night , Trump also appealed to    asking them to Donald Trump give Donald Trump a    . " " The Donald Trump them will be amazing , " he said . " them do you have to Donald Trump by trying something new ? " Trump ’s campaign chair quits , Trump ’s trouble Donald Trump Trump ’s outreach efforts to Donald Trump largely fallen flat .    in November that a group    100 black pastors would Donald Trump endorsing him at a meeting at Trump Tower in New York , but Donald Trump of those pastors said they knew nothing about the request to endorse him and openly criticized him some of those pastors   Trump sought the meeting with Donald Trump leaders after a Donald Trump white Trump Donald Trump shoved a Black Lives Matter protester to the ground at Donald Trump of his rallies and kicked and punched him . " Maybe he should Donald Trump been roughed up because it Donald Trump absolutely disgusting what Donald Trump was doing , " Trump said at the time . And Donald Trump white Trump supporter in Donald Trump Carolina was charged with assault after video surfaced Donald Trump him    a black protester who was being carried out of a March a white Trump supporter in North Carolina rally by police . As Trump was recalling the March incident in June , trying to play Donald Trump his support among    he pointed to a black supporter in the Donald Trump and said , Donald Trump Oh , look at my    over here . Look at him . " Trump has occasionally featured Internet stars Lynette " Diamond Donald Trump Hardaway and Donald Trump " Silk " Richardson in his campaign , bringing them on stage at multiple rallies . 
 Donald Trump 