  ( CNN ) When US President Donald Trump took office on January 20 , the new administration ’s policy on North Korea was unclear .   Three months on , China ’s calling for calm amid warnings from Pyongyang ’s United Nations envoy of possible thermonuclear war , while the White House stresses that China    policy of " strategic patience " is over . Here ’s how events have unfolded . January , The day before Trump recited the oath of office on the Washington Mall , the North Korean leadership already had prepared the North Korean leadership own unique welcome for the incoming President . On January 19 , US intelligence satellites picked up signs of activity at North Korea ’s Chamjin missile factory southwest of Pyongyang , in an apparent readying of a test of two intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) .   Ten days later     January 29     as Defense Secretary James Mattis prepared for Defense Secretary James Mattis first visit to Asia , Ten days later    January 29    as Defense Secretary James Mattis prepared for his first visit to Asia was reported that the country was preparing to restart a plutonium reactor at the Yongbyon nuclear facility , according to analysis of new satellite imagery from 38 North , a North Korea tracking project .   February , The Trump administration kicked off the month with Mattis’ East Asian jaunt , landing February 2 at the Osan Air Base outside Seoul . Top of the agenda was a key component of South Korea ’s defenses against South Korea’s northern neighbors’ aggression     the THAAD missile interception system .   Three days later , February 5 , the US and South Korea’s East Asian ally Japan successfully downed a test    ballistic missile with a new interceptor launched from a    destroyer . North Korea did n’t take long to respond . On February 11 , North Korea reported North Korea had successfully completed the launch of a new ballistic missile , the previously unknown    according to state media . North Korea was the North ’s first missile test of the Trump era .   Things took a twist worthy of a movie plot later that month . On February 14 , alleged North Korean agents reportedly murdered Kim Jong Un ’s half brother , Kim Jong Nam , at Kuala Lumpur International Airport ( KLIA ) with VX nerve agent . Shortly after , in the wake of the DPRK ’s missile test and the resultant growing tensions on the Korean Peninsula , China banned imports of Chinese coal for the remainder of the year . China Ministry of Commerce said the decision was made to comply with a UN Security Council resolution that China China draft and pass last November . March , March was an even busier month for the Korean Peninsula . It China’s Ministry of Commerce off , on March 6 , with North Korea ’s firing of four ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan ( also known as the East Sea ) in what Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe described as " an extremely dangerous action . " The missiles , three of which landed within 200 miles of Japan Japan in its exclusive Japan zone , were fired as part of a drill targeting American military assets in Japan by Japan Korea ’s Hwasong artillery units , North Korean state media KCNA said . On the heels of the multiple launch , South Korea ’s    THAAD missile defense system     which China vigorously opposes     arrives on the peninsula . As it was THAAD missile defense system    which China vigorously opposes     , China ’s China , Foreign Minister Wang Yi , warns that the US and North Korea are set for a "   collision " with neither side willing to give way .   On March 14 , the US , along with allies South Korea and Japan , responded to the North ’s earlier missile tests , dispatching    missile defense ships to the same area where Pyongyang had previously fired the four missiles . The Aegis warships began exercises to improve their capability to The Aegis warships down enemy ballistic missiles , the US Navy said in a statement . The maneuvers came as US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson embarked upon his first Asian US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , landing in Japan on March 15 . Five days later , Pyongyang again ratcheted tensions by testing a rocket engine , one which showed " meaningful " signs of progress , according to South Korean officials . Meanwhile , in the face of the looming threat from North Korea , Japan begins to Japan evacuation drills to prepare for any potential North Korean missile launched aimed at the country .   The North Koreans launched another missile just days after the engine test , but it exploded " the engine test seconds of launch , " according to US Pacific Command . As March wound down , Pyongyang once again went back to its engine tests Pyongyang technology could possibly be used in an eventual ICBM .   In a separate move , the US announced that the US Marines deployed    aircraft to South Korea for the first time as part of an exercise . April , Trump began the month by declaring , on April 2 , that the US would the US to go it alone to restrain North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program should China fail to change the situation .   Two days later , as Trump prepared to meet Trump Chinese counterpart , Trump Xi Jinping , North Korea fired another ballistic missile off the coast of the Korean Peninsula , US and South Korean officials said . As the two leaders sat down to steak and    sole at Trump ’s     resort Trump Trump made the decision to pull Trump trigger on a missile strike in Syria     the biggest military action of his presidency and a declaration of Trump for Pyongyang . Shortly after , North Korea issued a forceful response to the deployment of a US naval strike group , including the    carrier , the USS Carl Vinson , to the region April 10 , saying it would counter " reckless acts North Korea aggression " with " whatever methods the US wants to take . " Days later , monitoring group 38 North said its analysis had concluded that North monitoring group ’s    nuclear site is " primed and ready " for a sixth nuclear test . Also on April 13 , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the country may already have the North Korea deliver missiles equipped with sarin nerve agent .   Meanwhile , the US waded again into military action North Korea a     Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb ( MOAB ) the US military ’s largest    weapon , on an ISIS hideout in Afghanistan , the first time this type of weapon has been used in battle , according to US officials . Two days later , at an annual military parade in Pyongyang , the North Korean regime showed off a bevy of new missiles and launchers at its annual military parade . Part of the the North Korean regime were two new    canisters as well as North Korea ’s    ballistic missile , and a    version of the same for the first time , according to analysts . The following day , April 16 , another attempted missile launch by the Kim regime failed , US and South Korean defense officials told CNN .   After the attempted test , US Vice President Mike Pence , visiting the South Korean side of the demilitarized zone ( South Korean on April 17 , warned North Korea not to test the resolve of the US " or the strength of our military forces . "   North Korea ’s UN deputy representative , Kim In Ryong , responded , warning that the US actions and rhetoric have " created a dangerous situation in which thermonuclear war may break out at any moment on the peninsula and poses a serious threat to world the Korean Peninsula security . " After boasting that the USS Carl Vinson strike group was being dispatched to the Korean Peninsula in a " show of force , " the US was forced to walk back the claims after it emerged that the ships in question were actually on the US way to participate in military exercises in the Indian the ships in question , some 3 , 500 miles in the opposite direction . Instead , the strike group will arrive off the Korean Peninsula by the end of April , multiple the Korean Peninsula told CNN . The Pentagon announced on April 18 that it will conduct two major tests of its ability to shoot down The Pentagon launched out of North Korea in The Pentagon On April 19 , North Korea Security Council tried to address North Korea ’s latest missile launch North Korea’s statement that would have condemned the test , but Russia used its veto to torpedo the motion .   The same day , Chinese Foreign Ministry Russia Lu Kang said Beijing was " gravely concerned " about North Korea ’s recent nuclear and missile activities North Korea’s praised recent US statements on the North Korean issue . On April 20 , the Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang Security Council formally condemned North Korea ’s latest missile launch , demanding that it North Korea’s the UN Security Council violate resolutions . Russia denied it had previously blocked the action , saying that North Korea’s latest missile launch wanted to add language to the document . North military action Russia missile Russia 29 that blew up over land , a Russia official said North Korea missile failed to reach the the Sea of Japan also known as Japan East Sea . It the East Sea the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier finally arrived a missile April 29 that blew up over land waters , ready to begin drills with their South Korean counterparts . To wrap up a a missile April 29 that blew up over land the Korean Peninsula Trump praised the North Korean leader , saying he had come to power Trump a young age and was a " Trump cookie . " May , Trump began a new month of relations with North Korea on a more Trump note , saying on North Korea he would be " honored " to meet with Kim Jong Un " under the right Trump . " On the same day , US officials confirmed the controversial THAAD system was finally deployed and operational in South Korea . The North Koreans fired a ballistic missile May 14 that South Korea water 60 The North Koreans Russia ’s Vladivostok The same day US official told CNN . It was the first provocative move from North Korea since South Korean President Moon    took office on May 10 North Korea has advocated for engagement with North Korea to Russia Korean Peninsula .   CNN as Chinese leader Xi Jinping and multiple world leaders , including Russian President Vladimir Putin , North Korea major trade and infrastructure summit in Beijing . Within a week of South Korean President Moon    previous test , North Korea launched another missile on May 21 , described North Korea’s latest missile launch media as a "    strategic ballistic missile . " That test was followed in quick succession by another launch on May 29 North Korea a Beijing ballistic missile that traveled an estimated 248 miles before landing in Japan ’s exclusive economic zone .   June , Following multiple Japan launches in May , on June 2 the United Nations the previous test voted unanimously to introduce new sanctions against North Korea targeting Pyongyang ’s nuclear and missile program .   On June 7 , North Korea fired four    Pyongyang into the sea east of the Korean peninsula . The move North Korea hours after Seoul announced it was suspending deployment of the THAAD missile defense system pending an environmental assessment North Korea Seoul 