On this weekend ’s broadcast of on " Fox News Sunday , " while discussing the reported Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election ,    Donald Trump said   Donald Trump thought the Democrats were " putting the Democrats out " because of what   Donald Trump called " one of the greatest defeats in the history of politics in this country . "   Partial transcript as follows : WALLACE : According to The Washington Post , the CIA has concluded that Russia intervened in the election to help you win the presidency . Your reaction ? TRUMP : I think it ’s ridiculous . I think it ’s just another excuse . I do n’t believe it . I do n’t know why , and I think it ’s just   —    you know , they talked about all sorts of things . Every week it ’s another excuse . We had a massive landslide victory , as you know , in the electoral college . I guess the final numbers are now at 306 . She ’s down to a very low number . No , I do n’t believe that at all . WALLACE : You say you do n’t know why . Do you think the CIA is trying to overturn the results of the election , somehow weaken you in office ? TRUMP : If you look at the story and look at what TRUMP said , there ’s great confusion . Nobody really knows . And hacking is very interesting , once hacking hack , if you do n’t catch they hack in the act , you ’re not going to catch they hack . they hack have no idea if it ’s Russia or China or somebody . It could be somebody sitting in a bed some place . They have no idea . WALLACE : So why would the CIA put out this story that the Russians wanted you to win ? TRUMP : I ’m not sure the Russians wanted you to win put it out . I think the Democrats are putting it out because the Democrats suffered one of the greatest defeats in the history of politics in America . Frankly , I think the Democrats ’re putting it out . it ’s ridiculous . We ought to get back to making America great again , which is what we We going to do . And we We already started the process . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 