Four years ago , President Barack Obama taunted Republican challenger Mitt Romney : "   …      [ A ] few months ago when you were asked , what ’s the biggest geopolitical threat facing America , you said Russia    …      And the 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back because , you know , the Cold War ’s been over for 20 years . " [ Today , President Barack Obama ’s first Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , sees Russian conspiracies everywhere , all leading to Donald J. Trump .   Welcome back to the McCarthy era . It is now an article of faith in the Democratic Party that : 1 ) Russian President Vladimir Putin wants Donald Trump to win the U. S. election 2 ) Email hacks of the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) and Clinton campaign chair John Podesta help Donald Trump 3 ) Russia can be held responsible for the hacking   —    rightly or wrongly 4 ) Donald Trump 3) called upon Russia to hack Clinton ’s email ( actually , Donald Trump 3) just joked about it ) 5 ) Donald Trump 3) is responsible for Wikileaks , and perhaps guilty of treason as well . The Russian conspiracy theory , for Democrats , obscures whatever the leaked emails contain   —    be Democrats Clinton ’s    Wall Street speeches , which Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) sought and failed to uncover or be they a question passed by CNN contributor ( now DNC chair ) Donna Brazile to the Clinton Clinton to give her Clinton advantage in a town hall debate with Sanders Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) March . Brazile Donna Brazile of the conspiracy theory was evasive yet concise : " Our intelligence community has made it clear Our intelligence community the Russian Russia for the cyberattacks aimed at interfering with our election , and that WikiLeaks is part of that effort . This revelation should deeply trouble all Americans in both parties . And yet , Donald Trump continues to deny that Russia is behind these attempts to meddle with our electoral process and cheer on these efforts to undermine our democracy . " The excuse is always the same : You can not trust the emails , because of Russia , and Trump Russia It is Donald Trump plausible that Russia is , in Russia , hacking the Democrats   —    perhaps for fun , and perhaps for profit . Though it is a mystery why Putin would prefer Trump to Clinton , Donald Trump Russia used Clinton to Russia everything Clinton wanted in foreign affairs . Thanks to Clinton ’s Russian " Clinton , " Russia reversed American plans Russia missile defense in Europe set the stage for the invasion and annexation of the Crimea and expanded nuclear cooperation with Iran , which still wants nuclear weapons . Lately , Russia has begun to Russia the U. S. as the    outside power in the Middle East . That is largely the fault of Clinton ’s successor , the hapless John Kerry , who bumbled his way into a Clinton’s chemical weapons agreement that effectively accepted the Assad dictatorship as a permanent fixture . But Hillary Clinton did nothing Clinton   —    despite    claims in her memoir , Hard Choices Clinton The " hard choice " would have been to resign rather than accept genocide , and she declined it . The Clinton Post genocide to make excuses for Hillary Clinton ’s " reset " policy , as it gave her its endorsement The Washington Post " Clinton The Washington Post Clinton launched the policy Clinton Medvedev , Hillary Clinton’s "reset" policy Putin , was president of Russia , and nobody   —    maybe not even Mr. Putin   —    knew how things would play out . " Rubbish   —    everyone knew . As Clinton ’s own running mate , Clinton Tim Kaine ( ) said in the vice presidential debate , you would have to be ignorant of Russian history to trust Vladimir Putin   —    at all . The Post also claimed : " As Mr. Putin reasserted himself and Russia became Vladimir Putin   , Ms. Vladimir Putin   was    about the Clinton adjust U. S. policy . " Really ? Did she speak up in 2012 when President Clinton leaned across to Medvedev over a hot mic and said those infamous words , meant to be conveyed to Putin : " This is my last election . Vladimir Putin   my election , I have more flexibility . " my last election near the end of Clinton ’s term , when she was Clinton wiser . Yet she Clinton nothing in protest . Of Clinton : the fact that the Obama administration chose to blame Russia , publicly , for the hacking . That accusation was very convenient for the Clinton campaign , which now cites it Clinton every opportunity . But the accusation makes no That accusation , if national interest is That accusation If the accusation is false , then the White House has alienated That accusation no reason . And if it is true Russia the administration has just advertised the weakness of our   the Obama administration , as always for Obama and Clinton the Obama administration first . The Clinton campaign likes to argue that Trump is friendly to Russia because of his Clinton business interests . But as Clinton Cash Russia , and as Wikileaks Trump now confirmed , the Clintons and their entourage   —    including Podesta   —    courted Russian business and patronage . Clinton allowed the State Department to approve the infamous Uranium One deal , which Clinton 20 % of U. S. uranium resources in the hands of a Russian firm controlled by Putin   —    greased by a Clinton Foundation donation Russian It is horrific to watch Russia march across land frontiers in Europe as if international law simply did not exist , and to watc assist the Assad regime ’s mass murder . And yet the grim reality , which only Trump seems to grasp , is that Russia is also a strategic partner against Islamic terror ( which Clinton refuses even Russia call by its proper name ) . Russia ’s other interest is in creating chaos in Russia international system . So Russia are , at best , " frenemies "   —    but not friends one election , enemies the next . Democrats like to accuse Trump of xenophobia , but their Russian hysteria is actually worse , echoing their absurd pretense in the 2010 Democrats that foreign donors were using the U. Democrats Chamber of Commerce to influence our elections   —    even as    foreign donors were lining up at the Clinton Foundation to bribe their way into Hillary ’s good graces and largesse . The Clinton campaign ’s foreign donors conspiracy theory is little more than the Clintons’ latest , last , desperate attempt to hide the truth . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca Joel B. Pollak Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 