Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s says Donald Trump thinks NATO is " obsolete , " but that view stands in stark contrast to Donald Trump own picks for Defense Secretary and Secretary of State .   Both Ret . Mattis provided robust support for NATO during their respective Senate confirmation hearings .   " If Mattis NATO not have NATO today , we NATO need to create it , " Mattis said Thursday , adding that it " is vital to our national interests , it it ’s vital to NATO security of the United it . "   Trump ’s comments in an interview come days after some 4 , 000 US troops arrived in Poland in an effort to bolster ties with NATO allies and send a clear message to Russia . The clear gulf between Trump ’s characterization of the alliance and that of Trump’s nominees could    potential policy clashes with the White House . The diverging views were quickly noticed by officials in the US and Europe . " I have just had a conversation with the NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , who is concerned that    Trump regards NATO as obsolete , " German foreign minister Frank Walter NATO said Monday . " This is in contradiction with what the American defense secretary ( nominee ) said in his hearing in Washington just a few days ago , the American defense secretary (nominee) Steinmeier added . Ivo Daalder , a former ambassador to German foreign minister Frank Walter Steinmeier during President Barack Obama ’s first term , highlighted the perceived discrepancy in a tweet . And Secretary of STate John Kerry noted some of the conflicting views , saying of Trump , " His administration is going to have to begin at some Secretary of STate John Kerry to speak with one voice . " In the interview with the Times of London and Bild , Trump said NATO was obsolete " because it Trump know Trump designed many , many years ago , " and " because it was n’t taking care of terror . " Trump also once again claimed credit for the creation of a new Trump post , assistant    for intelligence and security , referring to NATO in the interview as a " terror division . " NATO Trump have told CNN that the post had " been considered NATO some time , " as part of an effort to increase the alliance ’s ability to deal with threats such as hybrid warfare . NATO officials have long stressed that the alliance has already had a NATO in combating terrorism through its NATO the Mediterranean , flying aerial support against ISIS , Afghanistan NATO elsewhere . Mattis , a former Supreme Allied Commander for NATO ’s transformation command , acknowledged the alliance ’s role in fighting terrorism NATO its operation in Afghanistan dating NATO   . " The first time it went NATO war was Afghanistan this town and New York City were attacked . It ’s the first time NATO went into combat , " Mattis said .   it also complained that the NATO of the alliance are not paying the recommended 2 % of GDP on defense , saying NATO five of NATO ’s 22 members were meeting that target . There are actually 28 members of the NATO .   " So we ’re supposed to protect countries but a lot of NATO are n’t paying what they ’re supposed to be paying , which I think is countries to the United States , a lot of these countries Trump said . And while NATO officials , Mattis and others have also sought to boost defense Trump within the Alliance , NATO ’s pick for secretary of state , Tillerson , told the Senate Wednesday NATO NATO treaty Trump defense " commitment is inviolable and the US is going to stand behind that NATO . " " I ’m confident that the    expects us to live up to our word to include NATO in Article V , " Mattis said , referencing the collective defense clause in the us treaty NATO   Tillerson added that he would not recommend tying America ’s willingness to commit to NATO the NATO treaty NATO ally in an attempt to get Tillerson to boost their defense spending , a link that Trump NATO drawn in past interviews . Trump on Friday acknowledged the difference between some countries his views and those of his nominees , taking to twitter to write Trump " I want them to be themselves and Trump their own thoughts , Trump mine ! " But Trump also sent mixed messages on the those of his nominees , saying those of his nominees despite his those of his nominees , " NATO is very important to me Trump " and asked if Europe could depend on an American security Trump , said " Yeah , I feel very Trump toward Europe . " During his confirmation hearing , Mattis said that he has made his views on NATO clear to the    Europe , " I Trump had discussions with him on this Mattis . He Mattis shown himself NATO , even to the point of asking more questions , going deeper Mattis the issue about why Mattis feel so Mattis . " 
 