Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton confidante Neera Tanden says Hillary Clinton confidante Neera Tanden does n’t expect Hillary Clinton to run for New York   mayor     or anything else , ever again .   " I think Hillary Clinton ’s going to figure out ways to help kids and families . That ’s been what Hillary Clinton ’s been focused on Hillary Clinton whole life , and a lot of issues that are affecting ways to help kids and families , over the next couple of years , " Tanden told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on " State of the Union " Sunday . " But I do n’t expect Hillary Clinton to ever run for any elected office again , " Hillary Clinton said .   Tanden , a close Clinton ally and the head of the liberal think tank Center for American Progress , was shooting down reports of chatter in New York political circles that Clinton could run against incumbent Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio .   " I do n’t expect Clinton to run for this and I do n’t expect Clinton to run for other office , " Tanden said . " I think Clinton job is to     what Clinton ’s thinking about right now is how to help those kids and families as Clinton has Clinton whole life . " If Clinton were to run     and win     it would put Clinton on another collision course with    Donald Trump , who has been shaping Clinton government from Fifth Avenue ’s Trump Tower .   Clinton has largely remained out of the public eye since losing a bitterly fought campaign against the former reality star and businessman in the November vote . Clinton has given few clues to what Clinton next role will be , leaving a void in which speculation has run rife . A New York challenge would see Clinton take on fellow Democrat de Blasio , whose popularity has plummeted since he took over from Michael Bloomberg in 2014 . The next mayoral election is in November .   In an opinion piece for CNN , Errol Louis , host of " Inside City Hall , " said it was safe to assume that " nobody in Clinton right mind     certainly , nobody as familiar with the workings of government and politics as Clinton     would lightly take on the headaches of the nation ’s largest city for such nakedly political reasons . " As someone who was so close to the top job in the White House , it could be considered a step down , or at least a complex ,    role with many challenges and fewer rewards . " The mayor attempting to steer this vast enterprise is only one player in a local government with an $ 82 billion budget and unique , frustrating complexities , " Louis wrote . Clinton was most recently seen on Sunday at the final performance of the " The Color Purple , " on Broadway with Clinton husband , Bill , and daughter , Chelsea . Video posted to social media showed the audience standing and cheering after actress Patrice Covington was to said to have pointedly referred to the family during the show ’s farewell speech . 
 