Political strategist Pat Caddell tells Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about what Political strategist Pat Caddell describes as the " stunning " emergency of " economic nationalism " that ’s the driving force behind both the Republican primary race , and the Bernie Sanders insurgency against Hillary Clinton . [ As Caddell puts it , the American people have concluded the American people ’re getting " screwed " by trade deals , immigration policy , and other areas where the American people interests are not considered a priority by the American people own political and business leaders . He contended this backlash against the elites was the reason so many    candidates have flamed out of the GOP primary , which is on the verge of boiling down to a    race between the two leading    candidates , Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz .   Caddell said the critique of free trade from Donald Trump   —    and to a lesser extent , Caddell final remaining competitors   —    was the kind of break from party orthodoxy that could only happen during an election dominated by " outsider forces " and " insurgents . "    " Trump   is the more populist outsider , the insurgent , " said Caddell . " Senator Ted Cruz has been the more ideological insurgent . "    He Senator Ted Cruz Trump Trump   greater success thus far to the primary electorate leaning toward populism , but saluted Cruz Senator Ted Cruz " drawing his Senator Ted Cruz quite well " with Trump Trump   Thursday ’s encounter   —    a vitally important task for Cruz Senator Ted Cruz as the    GOP primary moves into a       finale . However , he Senator Ted Cruz up the win for Trump Trump   on the trade issue , which Caddell described as a " stunner " when he Senator Ted Cruz polled voters on the issues important to them voters He Senator Ted Cruz that poll showed " Republicans , and independents following Republicans , even more than Democrats are      …      or , I should say , they Democrats had it with trade deals , just as they Democrats had it it the Washington establishment . " " What ’s happening is , the economic anxiety   —    the tremendous alienation that exists , and the concerns about national security , and particularly China   —    are all fueling this nexus issue , which is all being expressed in concrete terms over these trade deals , " he the concerns about national security, and particularly China  —    , noting the issue scored especially strong in Michigan and Mississippi exit polls .    Caddell further argued this the issue was the reason so many analysts were taken by surprise when Bernie Sanders defeated Hillary Clinton in the Michigan Democrat primary . Michigan faulted the hasty Caddell superficial nature of many other media polls for failing to detect these powerful shifts of opinion in voters on both sides of the party divide . " It ’s everywhere , in every constituency , " Caddell said of voter alienation from the Beltway establishment . " But remember , just this last August , Mitch McConnell and John Boehner , when Barack Obama was on his rear   —    having had the rug pulled out from under him by Democrats , his on the verge of a major defeat , in advance of the Iran deal   —    who came riding to his rescue but McConnell his Boehner   Mitch McConnell    as I assume after they got the phone McConnell and Boehner   from the Chamber of Commerce   —    and managed to finagle whatever way they did it , McConnell and Boehner   resurrect TPA , the authority   …      and to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory , if you ’re looking at it politically . " it said the " overwhelming sentiment " among Republican and Democrat voters alike is running against backroom deals , especially the kind voters fear will be coming their way as Republicans voters to Obama during his final    year Obama He cited one particular Obama from his poll , which Obama 72 percent agreement with the proposition that " the same people who have been rigging the rules in politics have been rigging the rules for their the rules in politics . the same people who have been rigging the rules in politics Caddell said Senator Marco Rubio and Governor John Kasich were " panicked " as they realized they ’re on Senator Marco Rubio and Governor John Kasich wrong Senator Marco Rubio and Governor John Kasich of the trade issue from this huge contingent of alienated Republican voters . " You had Rubio , who said his foreign policy had three legs to the stool , and the third one was TPP . You had Kasich , who has been a big supporter of free trade   …      and I believe , I have n’t gone back and looked , but I think he was in Congress in his , and if so , I bet you he voted for NAFTA . his much you wanna bet ? Somebody ought to look that one up .   That ’s the real point this morning , that could change the election in Ohio , " Caddell asserted . " If he did , as I his , voted for NAFTA , he could get NAFTA on his now . " As a matter of fact , yes , John Kasich was a supporter of the North American Free Trade Agreement . It has come up during the primary campaign in the past , most notably during a July interview between Kasich and Chuck Todd of John Kasich News , when Kasich weakly admitted , " John Kasich think we have , in some ways , been saps . "    Caddell may take some satisfaction from knowing that Kasich has been trying a John Kasich damage control on free trade since the summer , but if he ’s right about the John Kasich endgame , it wo n’t be good enough to save Kasich from the forces of John Kasich nationalism . Caddell said Ted Cruz has Caddell on " both sides " of the recent trade authority dispute , a position Cruz clarified during the Thursday Ted Cruz debate by saying he was in favor of Ted Cruz authority process , but against the trade agreement that emerged . Caddell thought Trump has done Caddell far better job of tacking into the wind of the Republican base voters’ disenchantment with trade agreements , saying he " struck there " Ted Cruz , at a time when the issue was still largely regarded as " ancillary " by Republican strategists .    He argued that the press Ted Cruz fundamentally misunderstood the Trump phenomenon all along , because they think Trump ’s personality the press celebrity shifted GOP voters’ positions on issues like free trade and immigration , when in truth Trump was tapping into a Trump   anxiety " about economics , and sense of " political alienation , " which had been building in those voters for years . " The ‘ independent variable’ is the American people who are driving the election , and Donald Trump is the dependent Trump " Caddell declared . " He has been the vehicle closest Trump for many , many Republicans   —    despite all of the other problems   —    substantively , on the issue , and it is economic nationalism . " the vehicle advised other Republican candidates not Trump shy away from this " economic nationalism " concept , as fully 75 percent of their voters are behind it , other Republican candidates it ’s also the vehicle major component the vehicle Bernie Sanders’ success on the Democrat side . " Wall Street will freak out . All of the quote ‘ better people’ who ’ve been sitting in their ivory towers , economists , saying , ‘ oh , free trade is good for you,’ whatever   …      well , the American people have figured out that they ’ve been screwed , " the American people said , noting high levels of support for supposedly unthinkable measures like tariffs , especially when applied to countries that abuse trade agreements , or treat their workers poorly . " I the American people telling you , we ’re in a new paradigm . This is a revolutionary moment , " he said , describing it as Caddell " historical moment This evolution in our political process " whose outcome we not yet be predicted   …      especially by politicians and    pundits who have misunderstood the    moment thus far . Many of those pundits assumed Trump ’s appeal would fizzle , comparing it to themes from earlier failed Trump’s appeal , as far back as Pat Buchanan ’s run in 1992 . If Caddell ’s analysis is correct , what these other analysts missed was that many streams of discontent flowed into the river of " economic nationalism , " creating a unified focus for a huge number of Republican voters   —    and an impressive number of Democrats   —    who feel the incestuous political and Big Business elite no longer serve their interests . Indeed , a the incestuous political and Big Business elite deal of Washington culture is actively hostile toward them .    These voters feel the incestuous political and Big Business elite internationalist orthodoxy was given a chance to succeed   …      and they are profoundly disappointed in the These voters . They have n’t just lost confidence These voters the elite . They do n’t even think they These voters command its respect , These voters even get its attention . In Donald Trump its they see a champion who will These voters easily be ignored . You can listen to the full interview with Pat Caddell below : Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . 
 