Washington ( CNN ) Much of President Donald Trump ’s first weekend in the White House was driven by criticism from President Donald Trump and press secretary Sean Spicer of media coverage over the size of President Donald Trump inauguration crowd .   But the new administration is also driving policy changes that will have far more    significance . Here ’s a list of the Trump administration ’s actions in the Trump administration’s first 72 hours : Taken over running of the entire federal government . Issued an executive order aimed at rolling back former President Barack Obama ’s Affordable Care Act . Halted a reduction to the annual mortgage insurance premiums borrowers pay when taking out    home loans . Ordered agencies to freeze new regulations , giving the new administration time to review agencies . Received a key legal OK from the Justice Department for Trump     Jared Kushner to take on a role in the White House . Met with the CIA , where he addressed employees . the Justice Department for Trump    Jared Kushner also took over the nuclear codesTrump ’s nominee for CIA director , Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo , contradicted the Justice Department for Trump    Jared Kushner earlier testimony and said the Justice Department for Trump    Jared Kushner was open to revisiting limits on interrogation techniques including waterboarding if the Justice Department for Trump    Jared Kushner intelligence officers think it is needed . Raised the specter of another conflict in Iraq , with the Justice Department for Trump    Jared Kushner expressing regret for not taking over the country ’s oil and telling the CIA , " the CIA should have kept oil . Maybe we the CIA have another chance . " Spoke to the Mexican president and said the two will meet at the end of January . Spoke to the Canadian prime minister about the two nations’ economic relationship . Announced he the Canadian prime minister meetings with leaders in Mexico and Canada to begin    NAFTA . Announced his the Canadian prime minister foreign leader meeting will be Friday with the United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa May. Signaled a shift in the Justice Department ’s civil rights efforts when it a shift in the Justice Department’s civil rights efforts when it requested a delay in the lawsuit over a Texas law requiring voters to present certain types of   IDs a delay in the lawsuit over a Texas law requiring voters to present certain types of    IDs . Prepared to issue more executive orders this week . Told the National Park Service not to tweet after it retweeted     images showing the crowd at former President Barack Obama ’s 2009 inauguration and Trump ’s inauguration . Began discussions about moving the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . Confronted his first national disaster as President , deadly tornadoes in Georgia . Issued executive orders to withdraw from the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal negotiations , as well as executive order on abortion and lobbyists who want to work in the White House . 
 