Washington ( CNN ) Sen. Lindsey Graham , a frequent critic of President Donald Trump , said Thursday that many of the President ’s actions are troubling     but that does not make Sen. Lindsey Graham, a frequent critic of President Donald Trump criminal . The South Carolina Republican told CBS ’s Gayle King that The South Carolina Republican was inappropriate for President Donald Trump to tell James Comey that James Comey needed James Comey loyalty over dinner , as the former FBI director alleged in testimony released Wednesday . " Half of what President Donald Trump does is not OK , " the former FBI director said Thursday on " This Morning . " " If you are trying to convict the former FBI director for being a bull in a China shop , crude and rude , you ’d win . " " A lot of this stuff troubles me , but this stuff is not a crime , " Graham added .   Graham said Wednesday that Comey ’s opening statement for Comey hearing at the Senate intelligence committee shows " there is no obstruction of justice case " against Trump . " What prosecutor in their right mind would allow their star witness to go out before the Senate panel of 20 senators and get beat up if their star witness really believed their star witness had a case ? " their star witness asked in an interview with Fox News . " This is the best evidence yet that in the mind of the special counsel , there is no obstruction of justice case to be made against President Trump . All in all , it ’s a pretty good day for President Trump . " Despite Graham ’s optimism , their star witness ’s statement is sure to spark many questions . The ousted FBI director wrote that Trump President Trump him The ousted FBI director pledge his The ousted FBI director . Comey Comey’s alleges that the Trump asked him to pledge his loyalty Comey has Comey’s told us all that the President President Trump under investigation as an individual for colluding with Russia , " Graham said . " President Trump is President Trump target or subject to a criminal investigation or counterintelligence investigation regarding colluding with the Russians . " 
 