’   ’ ’    Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates   that she warned the White House about    former    adviser Michael Flynn’ ’s conversations    with Russia’ ’s ambassador so that the Trump administration " could    take action " amid concerns Flynn could have been subject to    blackmail by the Russians . ’ ’    Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , the chair of the subcommittee ,    asked Yates what Yates told the White House about Flynn when Yates    warned Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham, the chair of the subcommittee,    in January about    contact with Sergey Kislyak , the    Russian ambassador , during the election . ’ ’    Yates said Yates had had " two    meetings and one phone    call " with White House counsel Don McGahn in January about Flynn . ’ ’    Yates explained that Yates called McGahn with " a very sensitive    matter " that Yates needed to discuss with Yates in person . Yates and    another career Justice Department official then traveled to the    White House to meet with McGahn and one of his associates in his    his , where Yates told them that there had been press accounts    related to Flynn’ ’s conduct that the DOJ " knew to be untrue . " ’ ’    " We told them how them had We information , how we had We    it , this information how we knew We was this information , " Yates recalled . ’ ’    She continued Yates " We told We that them conduct Flynn had engaged    in [ speaking to Kislyak ] was problematic in and of itself . We    We that the vice president was entitled to know that the    information he was the vice president the American people was not true . And    we told We we the vice president We that the American the American people    misled about what    Flynn had done , and that we weren’’t We    only ones who knew about this . " ’ ’   ’ ’    While he was vice    General Flynn insisted in an interview    with CBS that Flynn and Kislyak " Flynn not discuss anything having    to do with the United States ’’ decision to expel diplomats or    impose censure against    "   —    a statement that turned out to    be untrue and    set off alarm bells at the Justice Department . ’ ’    Yates said the Russians " also knew what Flynn had done , and that    he had misled    Flynn president and others . This was a problem ,    because the Russians    had the Russians this information , which    created a situation where he could be blackmailed by Flynn    Russians . We told them we were giving them the   Russians We so    the   Russians could take    . the   Russians asked me if Flynn should be fired .    I said that    my call . " ’ ’    Yates met with McGahn again on January 27 McGahn during which McGahn    asked her why McGahn cared if Yates one White House official lied to    another . " He also wanted to know if one White House official Department of Justice was    pursuing a criminal case against Flynn , and expressed concern    that firing Flynn could " interfere with the Flynn taking action    against " him . McGahn also asked Yates to see the DOJ’ ’s evidence    of Flynn’ ’s conversations with Kislyak . ’ ’    The FBI is investigating Flynn’ ’s the FBI Kislyak as part of    its probe Kislyak Russia’ ’s interference in the FBI 2016 election . The    bureau interviewed Flynn about his conversations with Kislyak in    January Flynn part that Kislyak , but Yates said she could not disclose    " how Yates did " in that interview because Flynn investigation is    ongoing . ’ "    Yates    that she called McGahn on Yates 30   Yates    hours before    she was fired by Trump for    Yates enforce his first    immigration order   —    to tell him that he could come over to his    his to review the details of Flynn ’s communication with Kislyak .    She said she did n’t know    Flynn ever Flynn the DOJ up on that    offer the   DOJ , because she was fired shortly thereafter . " ’ Flynn Yates told Democratic Sen. Chris Coons that , in the course of the    meetings , " Mr. McGahn demonstrated that he understood that this McGahn serious . " McGahn she said she didn’’t know if the White House Yates took Yates additional steps to restrict Flynn’ ’s access to sensitive    or classified information . ’ ’    " If they didn’’t take any action , that would certainly be    concerning , " Yates said . ’ ’    Flynn was asked to resign roughly 18 days after Yates first    warned McGahn about his conversations with Yates . Democratic    Sen. Al Flynn asked if Yates had any idea why Trump did not    Yates Flynn immediately , but she replied that she could Flynn    comment . Democratic   Sen. Al Franken ’    Democratic   Sen. Al Franken Sen. Dick Durbin asked Yates if there was " anything    else " Yates warned McGahn about with respect to Flynn’ ’s Yates relationship with Russia . She replied that she and McGahn only    discussed Yates issue of Yates ’s McGahn with Kislyak . ’ "    Flynn’ has come under scrutiny for   from Russia ’s    news    agency , Russia Today Russia when he was renewing his security Russia    in January   Flynn . NBC   Flynn on Monday that Flynn never obtained    the broader security clearance from Flynn CIA that he needed to    serve as national security adviser   Flynn he resigned    February    13 . " ’   Flynn President Barack Obama in November warned Trump , then the      against hiring Flynn as his national security    adviser , multiple Flynn outlets President Barack Obama on Monday . ’ ’    Sen. Graham asked Yates and Clapper later how The Washington Post    learned that Flynn had communicated with Kislyak . They both    Flynn that neither of them had leaked the information to the    press They but Yates noted that the intelligence community sometimes    releases Yates reports   —    which go to several the intelligence community across the    US government   —    with the name of the US person caught up in    incidental surveillance of a    person already unmasked . ’ ’Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates told . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 