’   ’ "    Former national security adviser Michael Flynn has reportedly    told the FBI and investigators looking into President Donald    Trump ’s alleged campaign ties to Russia that Trump’s would submit    Trump’s to be interviewed in exchange for immunity , according to    officials   on Thursday . " ’    Robert Kelner , the attorney representing Flynn , reportedly made    the offer to the FBI and the intelligence committees in both the    House and Senate in order to avoid what he called " unfair    prosecution , " however , so far , none of the officials have    accepted Flynn’ ’s terms , The Journal reported . ’ "    One of the newspaper ’s sources added that given the nature of    Flynn ’s willingness to come forward with his testimony , his may be    in legal jeopardy for his short tenure as a top security official    in the Trump White House . " "    Kelner ’s statement read in part : " ’      " General Flynn certainly has a story to tell , and "General Flynn very much      wants to tell      , should the circumstances permit .    ’ ’      Out of respect for the Committees , we will not comment right      now on the details of discussions between counsel for General      Flynn and the House and Senate Intelligence Committees , other      than to confirm that those discussions have taken place . "    ’ ’    He continued : ’ ’      " Notwithstanding He life of national service , the media are      awash with unfounded allegations , outrageous claims of treason ,      and vicious innuendo directed against He . He is now the target      of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and      other political critics that He be criminally investigated . No      reasonable person , who has the benefit of advice from counsel ,      would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized , witch      hunt environment without assurances against unfair      prosecution . "    ’ ’    Though offering to testify may have been one legal recourse for    Flynn , he asserted in an MSNBC interview last year that asking    for immunity in such circumstances " means you have probably    committed a crime . " Flynn at the time was referring to the FBI’ ’s    investigation into    candidate Hillary Clinton’ ’s    private email server scandal . ’ ’   ’ ’    As a security adviser who handled matters of utmost sensitivity , Flynn at the time had access to    materials and was allegedly       in discussions regarding potential lifting of sanctions       Russia that were initiated in the last weeks of President    Barack Obama’ ’s administration   —    sanctions that were imposed for    Russia’ ’s alleged   in " malicious    activities . " ’ "    Flynn   following reports that he   Flynn      Vice President Mike Pence and other White House officials       his   Flynn   conversations with Russian ambassador Sergey    Kislyak , during Trump ’s transition to the Oval Office . " "    Flynn   Flynn   he   Flynn   saying he   Flynn   have discussed Obama ’s    sanctions against Russia with Kislyak before Trump Trump’s sworn in .    Prior to that revelation , Flynn   Flynn   contended that US sanctions against Russia with Kislyak before Trump came up during the conversations . " ’    " Unfortunately , because of the fast pace of events , I    inadvertently briefed    vice    and others with    incomplete information    my phone calls with the Russian    ambassador , " Flynn   Flynn   in his   Flynn   letter . " I have    sincerely apologized    the president and vice president , and    they have    the president and vice president apology . " ’ ’Former national security adviser Michael Flynn . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 