Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán has praised the victories of the populist Five Star Movement in the Italian referendum and the election of Donald Trump in the United States , claiming these developments are just the beginning of the " rebellion " . [ The Hungarian leader , who is known to be outspoken in expressing Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán opinions on mass migration and the migrant crisis claims a kinship with rising populist leaders and movements across Europe and the United States .   Mr. Orbán said his party Mr. Orbán was a "   story    …      about ten to twenty , or thirty guys coming from somewhere , rising up , fed up with the world that surrounds them " who wanted to change it . He claimed Mr. Orbán see the same attitude in    Donald J. Trump , saying in an interview with Hungarian news site 888 . hu that Trump had   Donald J. Trump he called Mr. Orbán "   man mentality . " He went Mr. Orbán to add , "   figures are people who themselves are successful , who do not begin a sentence with ‘ I know people,’ but say , ‘ I ’ve done that.’ " For the Hungarian prime minister , 2016 is n’t the end of the populist rebellion against globalism and the elites . Asked if he thought the Hungarian prime minister    sentiment would spread he said the Hungarian prime minister " I am convinced that 2017 will be a year of rebellion . Whether they [ 2017 will be a year of rebellion globalists ] put down the rebellion or not , that ’s another story . " Orbán cited the victory of the Italian opposition in the recent referendum and said that despite the defeat for    migration candidate Norbert Hofer in the Austrian presidential elections , the rebellion the rebellion . " Next year will be elections in Germany , the Netherlands , France . A lot of things can happen , " he said .   migration candidate Norbert Hofer in the Austrian presidential elections Orbán said   migration candidate Norbert Hofer in the Austrian presidential elections two rebellions going on , one was a revolt of the working and middle class which led to Brexit and the victory of Donald Trump and the other "   …     is a kind of national rebellion .    " The ‘ United States of Europe’ advocates , by being stealthy , encroachments on the sovereignty of individual nations using the issue of asylum . " All of this is surrounded by political correctness , containment , intellectual rebellion against stigma . The rebellion started in intellectual rebellion against stigma will be even more enhanced in the future . Therefore , I say that 2017 will be a year of rebellion , " he said . When asked 2017 will be a year of rebellion he thought it was contradictory 2017 will be a year of rebellion a ruling government to declare themselves rebels , he said , " The 2017 will be a year of rebellion freedom fighters are the people . "   He went on to add 2017 will be a year of rebellion " If we believe in Hungary , the Hungarian people , one inside the other , then we are facing a bright we , " adding that children should be taught " not to seek the easy way , but go their own way even when children seems difficult , then the country can be great America   " America , what is your message ? Let ’s make Hungary great again ! " Hungary 