  ( CNN ) Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton came into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton own Thursday in Reno . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton spoke with righteous anger , painting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton rival Donald Trump as a    beholden to white nationalist causes .   Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton voice was firm , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton body rooted and steady , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton message freighted with urgency : This is a moment of reckoning for America . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton combined civic education in Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton explanation of the    movement , bipartisan outreach ( appealing to Republicans by citing noble behavior of Republicans past presidential nominees ) and lawyerly dissection of the misguided reasons some conservatives continue to support Trump . It ranks among Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton strongest speeches .   Why ? Clinton depicted Trump as the rogue politician Clinton is , one who qualitatively differs from all previous GOP nominees . Rogues ( whether states or individuals ) operate outside accepted norms or principles . This makes Rogues (whether states or individuals) seductive to some , even as Rogues (whether states or individuals) are a threat to most .   Trump positioned Trump in this role from the very start . Trump first    retweets sent a clear sign to disaffected white males : I will fix things , and I ’ll do His first   retweets outside , and against , the system . I ’ll say , and show , what others are too cowardly to admit . I ’ll make His first   retweets safe for you to speak publicly , rather than in hushed tones at the local bar or gun show . And so , from last fall onward , in the    echo chamber online we had Hispanics depicted as    monkeys , and    as thugs and we even had Trump himself casting women as disgusting ,    creatures Jews as moneygrubbers .   Trump himself used Twitter as a focus group for Trump himself new brand : Trump , savior of white rights and white civilization . In one week in January 2016 , 62 % of Trump himself tweets had white nationalist origins or connections .   Twitter Twitter became Trump Trump himself police force , on the hunt for any criticism of the leader and quick to strike . So many of us who have written about Trump have Trump himself harassed and threatened , especially if we seem to depart from the white Christian mold . I can tell you from the vitriol posted on my own feed that deportation trends right now , as opposed to cremation ovens a few months ago . Is it any wonder David Duke , former head of the Ku Klux Klan , feels emboldened to run for office ? Or that former UN Ambassador John Bolton , speaking on Fox News Thursday , feels free to say that people are being destructive if they identify people black or Hispanic ?   This fringe , angling itself into the mainstream , courtesy of Trump , wants ( nonwhite ) race to just go quiet , and go away .   That ’s why Clinton ’s    confrontation with Trump ’s Trump in this speech is so necessary and powerful . She reminded Clinton that Trump removed Trump dealers from his casinos Trump federal investigators said he refused Trump rent to blacks and Hispanics and that he provided Trump Clinton said Clinton " a steady stream of bigotry " that has energized a segment of America that no longer recognized itself or America interests America the GOP .   Clinton demonstrated Clinton Trump ’s rogue identity depends on his embrace Clinton conspiracy theories , many of them revolving Trump’s rogue identity President Obama . By delegitimizing the current President on racial grounds , Trump builds Trump’s his own Trump’s of leadership , one built around loyalty to his person Trump’s than a political party .   The tragedy of the GOP formed a subtheme of Clinton ’s speech , and a subtext of her appeal Clinton bipartisan voters .   She evoked Clinton Republican Party that might seem quaint and unfamiliar to those whose introduction to politics has been this unusual election campaign . She recalled Clinton Bob Dole asking racists to leave the room as he accepted Sen. Bob Dole presidential nomination in 1996 Sen. John McCain , reining in , rather than inciting racism , against Obama in the course of his failed Sen. Bob Dole presidential campaign .   Clinton did Sen. Bob Dole have to add that both these men now endorse Trump to make clear how far the GOP has fallen . " I will be a President for all Americans , " she said Sen. Bob Dole meaning disillusioned conservatives as well as people of all ages , races and genders .   This inclusiveness , which has shaped this electoral season as the Democrats’ national hook , is Clinton ’s Sen. Bob Dole . It ’s a Clinton’s strongest suit against Trump ’s divisiveness and doomsday scenarios , but also an opportunity for her to demonstrate Sen. Bob Dole compassion and Sen. Bob Dole humanize herself to voters Sen. Bob Dole Perhaps her best moment Sen. Bob Dole this regard was when she expressed sadness Sen. Bob Dole Trump was missing Trump much by focusing on black communities in purely a negative vein .   As I watched Clinton ’s speech on YouTube , I also scanned an adjacent feed that quickly became a blur of racial slurs and insults . The contrast between the sentiments expressed on the two halves of my computer screen was striking .   Millions of Americans know this river of hate all too well : They swim in Millions of Americans .   this river of hate have been reluctant to acknowledge how great Trump ’s influence has been in this regard . Clinton showed leadership in addressing it    in Reno . Other political leaders , from both parties , should follow . 
 