Washington ( CNN ) As storm clouds continue to gather over President Donald Trump , congressional Republicans are doing the political equivalent of sheltering in place     bracing congressional Republicans and hoping to ride out the controversy .   Spurred by reports that President Donald Trump asked    Director James Comey to drop the investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn , Democrats are demanding an independent investigation into President Donald Trump actions , calling for a special prosecutor , and in some cases raising the possibility of impeachment .   But Republicans are hamstrung by a simple reality : Their Republicans fortunes are still directly tied to Trump President Donald Trump   GOP lawmakers still have to answer to a base that remains overwhelmingly behind the President . Launching new investigations and a special prosecutor could drag the issue out well past the 2018 midterm elections . And they see GOP lawmakers as President Donald Trump useful ally in their pushes GOP lawmakers tax reform , health care changes and more     if they can GOP lawmakers get back to working on policy .   It ’s all part of why House Speaker Paul Ryan tried to buy the GOP time and offered Trump some President Donald Trump Wednesday , telling reporters the current congressional investigations are sufficient and that he wants House Speaker Paul Ryan wait and see the memos Comey drafted after his meetings House Speaker Paul Ryan Trump . President Donald Trump " The last thing I ’m going to do is    anything , " Ryan told House Speaker Paul Ryan . " I ’m a person who wants to get the facts . " Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker also said he wanted Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker wait and see . " We all should take a deep breath and hopefully Comey will Comey before the committees in public very soon , " Corker said Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker " We ’re at a point now where until Comey comes Comey and testifies publicly and we actually We more about what ’s happened , there ’s really nothing else to say , is there ? "   Even one of the most outspoken critics of Trump ’s moves with Comey , Comey Sen. John McCain , admitted that it " does grow a little boring " to answer the same questions all day long , but at this point , it ’s all Republicans can do given that they ’re all Republicans waiting for answers to their own all Republicans . GOP lawmakers know Comey is likely to testify publicly before a congressional panel in the near future and that there are still more notes based on his conversations Comey Trump that are likely to be revealed .   Risks to agenda , Some Republicans in vulnerable seats have sharply criticized Trump . Trump It ’s a major distraction for the Congress , and it ’s It bad for the psyche of every American , " Florida Republican Rep. Carlos Curbelo told reporters off the House floor Tuesday .   Others are lamenting that their messages Others tax reform , health care and more are being drowned out by the controversies surrounding Trump .   House Democrats House meanwhile , attempted a new tactic Wednesday , forcing a vote on whether to launch an independent investigation into Trump and Trump campaign Trump ties to Russia . But the GOP majority was able to sidestep it . the GOP majority As Trump ’s Trump has dipped     it ’s at the GOP majority % according to a recent Quinnipiac poll     so have voters’ views of the GOP . In that same poll , 54 % of Americans said they want to 54% of Americans Democrats control the House , to just 38 % for Republicans     the biggest margin the poll has ever found .   Across Capitol Hill , members and their staff are Across Capitol Hill of the drip , drip , drip of new allegations and evidence damaging to Trump coming out every day . " We ’re all exhausted because we ’d love We actually focus on the things people elected us to do We " one Senate GOP aide said . But , turning on Trump now would Trump derail the GOP ’s agenda of repealing Obamacare and overhauling the country ’s tax system . On Wednesday morning during a    meeting with his conference , Ryan encouraged his members to be Ryan sober " about how they approached the huge his members of information coming out every day about the President . Facts first , he instructed . A Ryan president , after all     even one has sloppy at times or as controversial as Trump     still can provide the signature Republicans need to finally pass some of their central campaign promises the signature Republicans But GOP lawmakers admit that the distractions from the White House have still taken their toll . " GOP lawmakers ’ve been discussing health care in lunches and private meetings , so that work continues , " said Sen. Susan Collins , a Republican from Maine and member of the Senate Intelligence Committee . " But obviously there ’s new revelations coming every day in the press concerning the White House . the White House more difficult for us to pursue an agenda here . " Democrats , of course , have watched their Republican colleagues closely as they Democrats squirmed with every passing their Republican colleagues controversy . From the outside , Democrats say their colleagues are facing a hard Democrats . " It ’s just a question of political instincts . Right now , the Republicans in their primary and the Republicans who voted for Trump are still overwhelmingly in his corner and they ’re afraid of Trump them , the Republicans in their primary and the Republicans who voted for Trump said Democratic Sen. Dick the Republicans in their primary and the Republicans who voted for Trump of Illinois , Durbin where it ’s beyond the routine political decision , " Durbin said . Sen. Chris Republicans Hollen , a Democrat from Maryland , said he is concerned that Republicans who are It criticism privately have not done so publicly .     " All I can say is , this is the time to be Durbin over partisans , " Van Hollen said . 
 