Tension is mounting between the Donald Trump campaign and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg after the two billionaires took swipes at each other following Facebook F8 developer conference on Tuesday . [ " I hear fearful voices calling for building walls and distancing people they label as others , " Zuckerberg CEO Mark Zuckerberg an audience of 2 , 000 people at the conference in San Fransisco . " If the world starts to turn inwards , then our community will just have to work even harder to bring people together . "   He CEO Mark Zuckerberg posted on Facebook that his CEO Mark Zuckerberg speech was " personally important " to him CEO Mark Zuckerberg " different from any other speech I ’ve given . " He CEO Mark Zuckerberg said that his CEO Mark Zuckerberg was not just for America , but to help connect people around the the world " It ’s about having the courage to choose hope over fear , " he CEO Mark Zuckerberg . The Trump campaign was quick to respond . " I ’ll take Mark CEO Mark Zuckerberg when he gives CEO Mark Zuckerberg all of his private CEO Mark Zuckerberg   —    move out of his posh CEO Mark Zuckerberg and come live in a modest neighborhood near a border town , " Katrina Pierson , a spokeswoman for the Trump campaign The Trump campaign . " Then I ’m sure his attitude CEO Mark Zuckerberg change . " The exchange comes as Zuckerberg attempts CEO Mark Zuckerberg play a more    role in global politics . His company CEO Mark Zuckerberg Facebook , has come under criticism for censoring " hate speech " in Germany in reference to the influx of over 1 million migrants into the country . He has Germany with world leaders over the years including President Barack Obama , Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , and Chinese President Xi Jinping , despite Facebook being banned in China . He has CEO Mark Zuckerberg spoken out on the issue of terrorism , recently saying that " love " will defeat the Islamic State . Trump , meanwhile , has a Facebook following of nearly 7 million Facebook . Both the Trump campaign and Zuckerberg have confirmed Trump will not be commenting further the Trump campaign and Zuckerberg the matter . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew Facebook or email him at ben@yiannopoulos . net 
 Ben Kew 