Disney ’s animated smash hit Zootopia ruled the box office for a second consecutive weekend this week while the thriller 10 Cloverfield Lane performed solidly and Sacha Baron Cohen ’s raunchy The Brothers Grimsby tanked in The Brothers Grimsby first weekend of release .   Zootopia , which earned a sterling A CinemaScore , hauled in an estimated $ 50 million over its first weekend of release to bring The Brothers Grimsby worldwide cume to more than $ 430 million . The family film dropped off just 33 % from its The family film weekend in the U. S. and scored a record $ 109 million from China , according to the Hollywood Reporter . 10 Cloverfield Lane , a blood relative of the 2008 monster movie Cloverfield , took in an impressive $ 25 . 2 million playing at 3 , 391 theaters . The J. J.    thriller followed its The J. J.   thriller in revealing very few details of its The J. J.   thriller during its The J. J.   thriller campaign , and audiences responded by heading to theaters to check it The J. J.   thriller . Meanwhile , according to Box Office Mojo , the " true flop " of the weekend was British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen ’s raunchy actioner The Brothers Grimsby , which took in a paltry $ 3 . 2 million from 2 , 235 theaters . With a production budget of $ 35 million , that return makes Grimsby the comedian ’s    opening weekend at the box office . The Grimsby the comedian a B+ CinemaScore and sits at just 38 % on ratings aggregator Rotten Tomatoes . Baron British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen’s as his film British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen’s and donned a " Make America Great Again " cap at Grimsby‘s Westwood premiere last week , where he lit British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen’s Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump , calling him " British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen’s ultimate soccer hooligan " for the violence that    protesters have brought to his rallies British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen’s A joke toward the end of Grimsby finds Trump contracting AIDS . The Huffington Post reported earlier this month that Sony executives were worried about blowback from the billionaire candidate and so scaled back the film ’s marketing efforts in the U. S. The film has the film’s better overseas , taking in $ 11 . 2 million for a worldwide total of $ 14 . 4 million . Elsewhere at the box office , Focus Features’ The Young Messiah slightly disappointed with $ 3 . 4 million from 1 , 761 screens . The film , about a year in the life of     Jesus Christ , earned a solid    CinemaScore and sits at at a pretty good 63 % on RottenTomatoes . At the specialty box office the box office Eye in the Sky debuted to $ 117 , 050 from just five theaters for a dazzling    average of $ 23 , 410 . The Gavin    drone warfare thriller earned a stellar 95 % on RottenTomatoes . Read the weekend ’s full RottenTomatoes office results at Box Office Mojo here . And be sure to read Breitbart News’ interviews with The Young Messiah director Cyrus Nowrasteh and Eye in the Sky director Gavin Hood . 
 