’   ’ ’      Donald Trump promised this week that Donald Trump will both    relinquish control over Donald Trump business empire and that " no new    deals " will occur while Donald Trump serves in the White House , but ethics    experts say it’ ’s still not enough for Donald Trump to adequately avoid a      . ’ ’    After cancelling a    press conference on the    subject set for Thursday late Monday afternoon , Donald Trump announced    in a   that " even though I am not    mandated by law to do so , " Donald Trump would leave Donald Trump businesses prior to    inauguration . ’ ’   ’ "    Still , a total divestiture from Donald Trump business is viewed as the    only solution by ethics experts , who ’ve said anything less is    inconsequential . " ’    " The acid test for    Donald Trump ’s conflicts of    interest is : Will   Donald Trump’s sell his business ? " Robert Weissman ,    the president of the advocacy group Public Citizen , . " Last night ’s tweets    suggest that he will    divest , which means that nothing of    consequence    changed . " ’ ’    Weissman wrote that Trump would continue to have conflicts of    interests stemming from his business Weissman , including those    overseas , no matter who is running the Trump Organization so long    as he still Weissman a stake in it , the Trump Organization that Trump will Trump able to    financially benefit from policies as    as consumer    protection , taxes , labor rights , and bankruptcy . ’ ’    " Candidate Trump promised to root out corruption , cronyism and    insider dealmaking , " he wrote Candidate Trump "   Trump is Candidate Trump a    mockery of those promises , starting with his refusal Candidate Trump end his    Candidate Trump conflicts of interest , as serious as any in the history of    the American presidency . " ’ ’   ’ "    In a    piece for   Richard Painter and    Norman Eisen of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in    Washington shared much of Weissman ’s sentiment . " ’    The pair took a dive into the two pieces of news from Trump’ ’s    tweets : that he would make " no new deals " and that his two he ,    Eric and Donald Jr. would have a major stake in running the    company . ’ ’     " What no ’’ new deals ’’ seems to mean is that Trump and his    Trump will do no    major projects , " the pair wrote . " But    Trump Trump Trump indication that he will end Trump existing    projects . On the contrary , he has suggested Trump his businesses    Trump over the United States and the world will clearly continue ,    which means there will be many ’’ new deals . ’’ " ’ ’    They called the his businesses   all over the United States and the world will clearly continue,   which means there will be many ’’new deals " questionable , " and added that it    " certainly " doesn’’t do enough to address concerns about Trump’ ’s    conflicts . ’ ’    " Continuance of the current Trump empire means that it will be    rife with opportunities for quid pro quos and other    illegalities , " Painter and Eisen wrote . " Most immediately ,    if those businesses continue to receive foreign government    payments , Trump will be Trump violation of the emoluments clause of    the U. S. Constitution from his first day as president . " ’ ’    According to a     at least 111 separate    Trump companies Trump business in 18 countries across    South America , the Middle East , and Asia . Pointing specifically    to a Trump Towers project in Istanbul , something that Trump at    one Trump said could present " a little conflict of interest , " the    Post wrote that " policy and ethics experts are scrambling to    assess the potential    of public rule by a leader with a    vast web of private business deals . " ’ ’    The biggest legal risk Trump faces as a Trump at   one point of his business    ties Trump at   one point a passage in the Constitution known as the emoluments    clause , which Painter and Eisen referenced . It forbids government    a passage in the Constitution known as the emoluments   clause, which Painter and Eisen referenced from receiving gifts from foreign governments . ’ ’    As the Post reported , a payment from a foreign official or      company to a Trump hotel or other company bearing his    name could potentially violate the clause . So could favorable    legislation or treatment    from a government aimed at    benefiting a Trump    . ’ ’    Writing about Trump’ ’s sons , Painter and Eisen said putting    children of officials    charge of businesses is " a typical    conduit for corruption    over the world . " ’ ’    At various points along the campaign trail , Trump said his    business would Trump controlled by his children in what Trump said was    Trump " blind trust , " even though that constitutes an independent    manager who is not someone as closely tied to the holder as their    children . his children ’    " If Trump maintains an ownership interest in the businesses , and    his kids are running Trump , that is his kids invitation for scandal , "     wrote . " This is why , as we have    argued before , Trump must follow the Trump set by the past four    decades of presidents and construct a true blind trust or    equivalent . " ’ ’Trump does n’t just    need to ’’ leave ’’ operations of his businesses in the ’ ’Trump of his    sons . ’ ’Trump also must sell ’ ’Trump interests by transferring ’ ’Trump    ownership to ’ ’Trump independent trustee , who will sell them and    reinvest his interests assets    in places unbeknown to the    president . Or he could sell and ’ ’Trump transfer the proceeds to the    trustee , or make some other similar arrangement . " ’ "    Trump ’s ability to separate his business ties from Trump presidency    has been questioned extensively in recent weeks . " ’    During an interview with staff members of   late last month , Trump    claimed " Trump can’’t have a conflict of interest " when    pressed about his business ties . ’ the president can’’t    " The law’ ’s totally on my side . The president can’’t have a the president can’’t interest , " he said , according to tweets from the president can’’t reporters inside the meeting . "    company’ ’s so unimportant to me    relative to what I’’m doing . " ’ ’    " I’’d assumed that you’’d have to set up some type of trust or    whatever , and you don’’t , " the    later said . " I    would like to do something . " ’ ’    Asked if he would simply sell his holdings ,    said it       be a " really his holdings thing to do , because I have real estate . " ’ 
 