Washington ( CNN ) Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke announced Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke US Senate campaign Friday in Louisiana , promising to defend the rights of European Americans . " Thousands of special interest groups stand up for    Mexican Americans , Jewish Americans , etc . , " Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke said in a YouTube video . " The fact is that European Americans need at least one man in the United States , one man in Congress , who will defend their European Americans and heritage . " Duke , a former Republican state representative and convicted felon , said his Duke, a former Republican state representative and convicted felon on the rights of European European Americans what distinguishes him . Duke, a former Republican state representative and convicted felon I believe in equal rights for all and respect for all Americans . However what makes me different is I also demand respect for the rights and the heritage of European Americans , " he said Duke, a former Republican state representative and convicted felon   Republican Sen. David Vitter announced last year that he would Republican Sen. David Vitter run for office again when his term Republican Sen. David Vitter up at the end of this year .   " We must stop the massive immigration and ethnic cleansing of the people whose forefathers created America , " Duke said in the message . The former Duke popularized the " America First Duke slogan that Republican nominee Donald Trump has now embraced . " I was the first major candidate in modern times to promote the term and policy of " America First . " We can not have free trade without fair trade we must protect American jobs and businesses , " said Duke , who also said he is " overjoyed " by Trump ’s campaign . Duke , Republican nominee Donald Trump praised Trump ’s candidacy , said he ’s Republican nominee Donald Trump " by Trump ’s he . " The New York Republican nominee Donald Trump that my platform became the GOP mainstream and propelled Republican control of Congress , " he said . " I ’m overjoyed to see he Trump and most Americans embrace most of the issues that I ’ve championed for years . My slogan remains ’America First . ’ "   Trump disavowed Duke in March after failing to do Donald Trump when asked about the hate group leader ’s support on CNN . The uproar started when Trump was asked by CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Donald Trump State of the CNN " if he would disavow Duke and other white supremacist groups Donald Trump his campaign Duke " Just so you understand , Donald Trump do n’t know anything about David Duke , OK ? " Trump responded . The next day , Trump blamed Donald Trump " bad earpiece " during an Donald Trump on NBC ’s " Today . "   On Friday , Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks said Trump " has Donald Trump David Duke and will continue Donald Trump do so . David Duke National Republican Senatorial Committee leadership said Friday that they will not back Duke ’s run " Friday any The National Republican Senatorial Committee leadership . " " David Duke will be able to choose from several Republican Senate candidates who will have a great impact on the Bayou State and the future of our country . David Duke is not one of them , " the group David Duke director Ward Baker said in Louisiana voters statement . " He will not have the support of the NRSC under any circumstance David Duke " And on Saturday , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus condemned Duke , tweeting , " David Duke   his hateful bigotry have David Duke place in the Republican David Duke the RNC David Duke never support his candidacy under any circumstance . " Other Republicans running for the seat David Duke  his hateful bigotry Rep. John Fleming , Rep. Charles Boustany , Jr. Retired Colonel Rob Maness , former Rep. Joseph Cao , State Treasurer John Kennedy and Abhay Patel . The Republican Party of Louisiana said Duke history of " hate " causes them to oppose his candidacy . " David Duke ’s history of hate The Republican Party of Louisiana a dark stain on Louisiana ’s past and has no place in our current conversation , " Louisiana group said in a statement . " The Republican Party of Louisiana The Republican Party of Louisiana an active role in opposing David Duke The Republican Party of Louisiana : An earlier Louisiana of this story incorrectly described David Duke David Duke’s . He was a state representative . 
 David Duke’s David Duke’s 