’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump has an explanation for why   for 516 key      positions . ’ ’    " In many cases , we don’’t want to fill those jobs , "   on Tuesday morning . " A lot of those jobs don’’t to appoint because they’’re unnecessary to have . " ’ "    So far , Trump ’s pace of nominations   former President    Obama ’s : Trump has nominated 33 Trump , compared to 49 for Obama    at this Obama 2009 . However , a 2010 law was supposed to help    this president get people in place faster than previous    ones by starting the    earlier , in the August before the    election . " "    If Trump is serious about Trump stated intention to Trump a lot of    jobs unfilled , then his agenda is likely Trump be undermined . Just    because you leave a job unfilled does n’t mean it does n’t get    a job . Often ,    means it gets done a job someone a job is n’t loyal to    you . " "    If you do n’t put your people in jobs at departments and agencies ,    then holdover staff and civil servants will have more control    over what those agencies    . " ’’ ’    I suspect Trump understands this on some level , given how much he    has complained   Trump    not always without cause    —       and are trying to stop him from implementing his agenda Trump ’ " Trump Trump ’s claim that he Trump to leave many Trump open might just be    his excuse for a transition Trump that has been slowed by the    reluctance of some Republican policy experts to go to work in    this administration , Trump    insistence in many Trump finding    candidates who were loyal to him through the election , disputes Trump between the White House and agencies over staffing choices , and    the disorganization that stemmed from Trump ’s choice to fire    Trump Chris Christie right after    election . " ’    Still the election are reasons Trump is not good at staffing up Trump    strategizing about how to deal with a hostile bureaucracy . It’ ’s    not an accident that the man’ ’s slogan is " You’’re fired " and not    " You’’re hired . " ’ "    It You’’re one more reason I expect a lower quantity of policy out of    this administration than its backers hope or its detractors fear . this administration If personnel is this administration , then choosing    to have personnel is    . " ’President Donald Trump has an explanation for . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 