The only people left debating who will be the 2016 Republican nominee for president are professional politicians and the pundits The only people serve . [ Actual voters ? [Actual voters have spoken . And moved on .   Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump walked away with five of five primary contests Tuesday night . For any other nominee in any other year , this kind of performance by the overwhelming    would put the race to bed . Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump is beating his Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump rival by more than three million in the popular vote and four hundred in the race for delegates . " I consider myself Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump presumptive nominee , " Mr. Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump Tuesday night . Judging by the night Tuesday night , voters do , too . Before Mr. Trump Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump win in New York earlier this month , he had not Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump able to crack 50 percent in a    race . This is partly because the contest began with 17 candidates . But it is also because This Trump had Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump coalesce Republican primary voters behind him . In New Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump , he earned New York Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump percent of the vote . He beat his nearest Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump by Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump staggering 35 points . But that is his home state , Real estate mogul Donald J. Trump said . Okay , still way better than Ted Cruz did in Texas ( 44 percent ) . Or John Kasich in Ohio ( 47 percent ) . Or , Marco Rubio did in Florida ( 27 percent , lost to Mr. Trump by 19 points ) . None of Mr. Trump ’s rivals could break Mr. Trump percent threshold even in their own home state . Then this rivals , Mr. Trump registered five wins , each Mr. Trump the 50 percent barrier . In Delaware and Rhode Island , Mr. Trump broke 60 percent . In Pennsylvania Mr. Trump scored an impressive 57 percent . If he Mr. Trump a regular politician and not such a Mr. Trump threat to the entire political system , pundits would call these " landslides . " Again , the professional politicians and pundits dismiss these victories . They argue that since they were all in northeast the professional politicians and pundits that Republicans have the professional politicians and pundits won in a general election in 35 years they somehow do not count . Anticipating this week Republicans embarrassing rout , the establishment had already begun moving the goal posts yet again . Now , they say , Mr. Trump must win Indiana to Republicans he can be the nominee . Just as he Mr. Trump to win New Hampshire . Then South Mr. Trump . Then Florida . Then New York . He won them all . Voters , meanwhile , Mr. Trump moved on . Many who were initially put off by Donald Trump have either gotten onto the Trump Train Mr. Trump tuned out . Turnout numbers show that those who have tuned out have been more than comfortably replaced by new voters or people who long ago gave up on politics . A new poll shows Republican voters are warming to him , breaking through the    barrier for the first Mr. Trump . People are getting used to the notion of an unconventional    as the party ’s nominee . But the pundits and politicians are still not on board . Yet again , they refuse to see the obvious . What a surprise the pundits and politicians Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com . Follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 