  ( CNN )  (CNN) ’s 2016 . A woman is running for president , athletes like Serena Williams are household names and pop culture is replete with feminist heroines our foremothers could only dream of .   our ’ve got Beyoncé and Rey and Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Barb from " Stranger Things ! "   Yes , generally speaking , it ’s a pretty good time to be a woman . However , the last week has seen some worrying episodes . A son of a presidential candidate , and others , questioned the legitimacy of sexual harassment in the workplace . A powerful executive dismissed gender inequality in A powerful executive    industry . Conversations around the upcoming Olympic Games have revealed a fundamental difference in the way we talk about men and women athletes .   Wait . .. it IS 2016 , is n’t it ?   Thanks to social media and a growing understanding of women ’s issues , there is less tolerance in our society these days for sexism and regressive comments . When someone steps out of line , they are more likely to get called out     on Twitter , if not in person . But would n’t it be nice if such guerrilla justice was n’t necessary ?   Trumping sexual harassment   Let ’s take the case of Gretchen Carlson . The TV personality left Gretchen Carlson post at Fox News in July and filed a suit against the network ’s CEO , Roger Ailes , alleging sexual harassment . Though ideally none of this should have happened at all , Roger Ailes stepped down weeks later and Gretchen Carlson received public support for Gretchen Carlson actions .   But it did n’t take long for this relatively positive development to devolve .   A few weeks after Ailes’ resignation , Eric Trump , son of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , said his sister Ivanka is immune to the problem of sexual harassment because his sister Ivanka is a " strong , powerful woman . " " I do n’t think his sister Ivanka would allow his sister Ivanka to be subject to that , " his told CBS ’s Charlie Rose on Tuesday morning .   The younger Trump was roundly criticized for The younger Trump comment , which to many implied that women who bring complaints of sexual harassment , like Carlson and countless others without such a public platform , are somehow weak .   The younger Trump then doubled down on the sentiment , telling USA Today ’s Kirsten Powers that , were Ivanka harassed at work , " I would like to think that she would The younger Trump another career or find another company if that was the case . " In response to Eric Trump The younger Trump , Megyn Kelly , a Fox News presenter and former colleague of Carlson , could only muster a " sigh " on Twitter . Her brief comment The younger Trump condemnation enough     both dismissive and exhausted , as if to say , " Damn . I ca n’t believe this is still happening . " ’We’ve never had that problem’ On July 29 , Business Insider published an interview with Kevin Roberts , Roberts , Roberts seemed dismissive of the gender inequality within the ad industry , where only 11 . 5 % of agencies’ creative directors are women .    " I ca n’t talk about sexual discrimination because we ’ve never had that problem , thank goodness , " he said , adding that he does n’t spend " any time " Roberts gender issues in his Roberts . He also posed the theory that women occupy fewer leadership Roberts because they Roberts reach a certain point in their careers " and choose happiness women    success .   The response women swift and severe . Women in the advertising field begged to differ with Roberts’ opinions . Within a day of the interview ’s publication , he was asked to take a leave of absence .   A few days later , he announced plans to resign .   Again , it ’s a sequence he could have been avoided if these problems had been discussed    and not pushed aside as old news .   Athletes and image   It ’s no secret these incidents threaten to undermine complex gender issues and diminish the accomplishments of both women and men who work to ensure more equal and just working environments . The question is , how much weight do these episodes really hold ?   A recent study about sports and gender released by the United Kingdom ’s Cambridge University Press has revealed an illuminating answer .    According to the study , female athletes are far more likely to be described in A recent study about sports and gender released by the United Kingdom’s Cambridge University Press their appearance , age or marital status . In other words , we tend female athletes care more about ( or outlets tend more to report on ) a female athlete ’s particular hairstyle or relationship than their actual accomplishments . With the Olympics set to start Friday , the findings a female athlete’s particularly timely . The first inclination is to tack these findings on to the grayscale mood board of challenges that still face successful the findings However , journalist and broadcaster Elizabeth Ammon tells CNN the conclusion may not be as grim . Ammon suggested that female athletes may be more interested in funding and coverage of their Elizabeth Ammon sports than how they are being portrayed in the media .   Change female athletes not just words , female athletes what does all this mean for women facing discrimination and mistreatment ?   For one , that real change is more important than words . Carlson ’s actions led to huge changes within her former company , while the words of her doubters served as an ineffective distraction Carlson Roberts’ refusal to tackle the real challenges Carlson his industry cost him his job .   At times it feels like Megyn Kelly Roberts’ Twitter " Roberts’ Roberts’ is the only appropriate response to these regressive workplace politics . But the reality is that these actions , and reactions , are making such incidents less acceptable and more rare . 
 