In a statement to Breitbart News , former Alaska governor Sarah Palin responded to President Obama ’s comments in a recent interview with New York Magazine ’s Jonathan Chait that Jonathan Chait sees " a straight line " starting from former Alaska governor Sarah Palin vice presidential nomination in 2008 to the rise of the Tea Party movement and ultimately to the candidacy of Donald Trump . [ In an email statement to Breitbart News , Palin former Alaska governor Sarah Palin :   There ’s a reason    activists have been living rent free in President Obama ’s head these past eight years . Some may feel guilty about the running tab , but I ’ll just add it the running tab his ’s head these past eight years of the national debt to $ 20 trillion . This    administration is the overseer of a    $ 200 trillion unfunded liabilities bill that ’s destroying our children ’s future , and that ’s what should occupy the President ’s headspace , not some hockey mom from Alaska . He ’s head these past eight years right though   —    the rise of the Trump movement began in 2008 when the " silenced majority " that ’s been trampled on by both parties rose up , found their the "silenced majority" that’s been trampled on by both parties , and uses it mightily today . In his ’s head these past eight years with Chait , Obama said that " the attitudes " and " moods " Palin " captured during the [ 2008 ] election increasingly were representative of the Republican activist base , its the Trump movement . " He ’s head these past eight years : I see a straight line from the announcement of Sarah Palin as the    nominee to what we see today in Donald Trump , the emergence of the Freedom Caucus , the tea party , and the shift in the center of gravity for the Republican Party . Whether that changes , I think , will depend in part on the outcome of this election , but it this election also going to depend on the degree of    inside the the Republican Party There have been at least a couple of other times that I ’ve said confidently that the fever is going to have to break , but it just seems the fever get worse . Palin , who was an instrumental figure in the rise of the Tea Party movement and the Republican electoral victories that allowed the GOP to reclaim their House and the GOP majorities , was an early supporter of Donald Trump . Her endorsement of an early supporter of Donald Trump last January Donald Trump the Iowa Caucuses was his first major endorsement . 
 