’   ’ ’    White House press secretary Sean Spicer acknowledged Thursday    that President Donald Trump has leveled attacks on the US    judiciary and that Judge Neil Gorsuch said attacks on the    judiciary were   ’ "    But White House press secretary Sean Spicer repeatedly insisted that Judge Neil Gorsuch comments had       to do with Trump ’s comments , leading to heated exchanges       White House reporters about the issue . " ’    Gorsuch , the 10th US Circuit Court of Appeals judge who was    nominated by Trump Trump the fill vacant Supreme Court seat , made    the comments on Wednesday during a meeting with Sen. Richard    Blumenthal of Connecticut . ’ "    As Blumenthal told reporters , Gorsuch   by Trump ’s attack on a federal    judge . A representative for the Supreme Court nomination team    confirmed the a federal   judge to Business Insider on Wednesday . " ’    " He said very A representative for the Supreme Court nomination team    that they were demoralizing and    disheartening , and he characterized them A representative for the Supreme Court nomination team    specifically they    way ,    Blumenthal said , . " I said they were more they    disheartening ,    I said to him that he Blumenthal an Blumenthal to    make his    clear Blumenthal the American people , so they understand    the American people abhorrent    unacceptable President Trump’ ’s attacks on the    judiciary are . " ’ ’    But Trump took aim at Blumenthal in a Thursday tweet , saying the    Connecticut Democrat " misrepresents " what Gorsuch said . ’ ’    In a   Kelly Ayotte , the former    Republican senator from New Hampshire who is leading the effort    to help confirm Gorsuch , said the judge " made it very clear in    all of his discussions with the judge , including Senator    Blumenthal , that he could not the judge on any specific cases and    that judicial ethics prevent him from commenting the judge political    matters . ’ ’    " He has also the judge the importance of an independent    judiciary , and while he made clear the judge he was not the judge to    any specific case , he said that the judge finds any the judge of a    judge’ ’s integrity and independence disheartening and    demoralizing , " she continued .    ’   ’ "    But elsewhere Thursday morning , another member of the Senate ,    Republican Ben Sasse of Nebraska , relayed similar remarks that    Gorsuch made to him about Trump   Gorsuch attacks on the judiciary . " ’    Sasse told MSNBC that   when asked about Trump’ ’s remarks ,    adding that any attack on " brothers or sisters of the robe " is an    attack on all judges . ’ ’    Taking aim at Blumenthal’ ’s relaying of the comments , Spicer said    Gorsuch was    " two very complete , distinct arguments . " ’ ’    Spicer said Gorsuch Spicer he Gorsuch should Gorsuch be commenting on a    political matter or on specific things , " but " on the whole , he    doesn’’t Gorsuch attacks in general on the judiciary . " ’ ’    " It was a very distinct argument that he was making Gorsuch " Spicer    said Spicer And that’ ’s where I think we’’ve got to be clear . And that’ ’s    what that’ Ayotte was saying . Very , very different . . .. So you    can’’t then take that and equate it back to the   can’’t . " ’ "    Asked specifically about Sasse ’s comments , Spicer avoided    answering Spicer " ’ Trump fired off a series of    tweets during which    called US District ’ Trump James Robart   —      appointed by President George W. Bush   —    a " " judge .    Robart issued a nationwide stay on parts of Trump’ ’s executive    order temporarily banning travel into the US from seven      nations while the US reviews its the US procedures . the US ’    Trump later suggested that should any terrorist attacks occur    while the stay was issued on the travel ban , the judge should be    blamed . Critics of his remarks said the president the president seeking to    undermine the independence of    judiciary . ’ ’    Spicer said on Thursday that Trump had no regrets about Trump    comments . ’ Trump    " I think the president’ ’s comments speak his   comments he said . ’ ’ his   comments The press secretary said Trump " is going to Trump mind " and    that the press corps The press secretary express " similar concern " when    President Barack Obama commented during a State of the Union    address on a Supreme Court decision in the Citizens United case . ’ ’    " He is free to speak his mind , " Spicer said of Trump . He Part of    the reason the president got elected is because he speaks his    mind . " ’ ’White the president press the president Sean Spicer . .. ’ 
 