Washington ( CNN ) The cloak of the presidency is n’t changing Donald Trump . Not one bit . The 45th President of the United States blazed onto the campaign trail more than a year ago with a message that stunned the Washington establishment . The 45th President of the United States was going to be a pure populist . The 45th President of the United States promised to give voice to " forgotten Americans . " The 45th President of the United States said The 45th President of the United States would restore wealth to a middle class left behind in the economic resurgence . In The 45th President of the United States first address as commander in chief Friday , The 45th President of the United States delivered a message that stunned the Washington establishment . The setting on the     carpeted steps of the US Capitol was resplendent . The rain began to fall as Trump took the podium . And The 45th President of the United States words were a remarkable repudiation , not only of The 45th President of the United States predecessor ’s agenda , but what The 45th President of the United States views as a failure of government of all political stripes . There was no explicit embrace of Republican values , no clear ideological bent     only a vow to reshape government to serve the " tens of millions " of frustrated Americans who rose up to support The 45th President of the United States campaign . The 45th President of the United States rebuked the " small group in our nation ’s capital " that " has reaped the rewards the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost . " " What truly matters is not which party controls our government , but whether our government is our government the people , " Trump said . " January 20th , 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again . " Inaugural address : Trump ’s full speech Trump " The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer , " he said . " Trump’s is listening to you now . " Though he did not explicitly Trump’s out to Americans who did n’t vote for him , he did Trump’s he Trump’s his oath Trump’s " Trump’s oath of allegiance to all Americans . " " At the bedrock of our politics will be a total allegiance to the United States of America , and through our loyalty to our our , we America our our to each our , " Trump said . " When you open your heart to patriotism , there is no room for prejudice . . .. A new national pride will stir our souls , lift our sights and heal our our . " Calls our unity , He also made repeated calls Trump unity , as well as compassion for " mothers and children trapped in poverty in inner cities , " Americans affected by " shuttered factories " that " have left our shores , " and people impacted by crime , gangs and drugs " that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential . " " This American carnage stops right here and stops right now , " he said to cheers . Like his speech at the Republican he Convention , Trump portrayed a dark vision of a nation in deep distress , ignoring traditional metrics like the dip to 4 . 7 % unemployment under Obama ’s eight years in office . But he expressed hope and optimism he the change he could be able to he to Washington , pronouncing that the time for " empty talk " from politicians was over and the " hour of action " had arrived .   While he did not go into he detail about his agenda , he promised he fix " he " infrastructure and outlined a marked turn inward to an " America First " policy that would govern all of his actions on trade and he affairs . In a preview of the retrenchment from the role of America ’s policeman that was America a strong theme under President George W. Bush , Trump spoke of trillions of dollars " wasted overseas " while American roads and bridges fell into disrepair . President Donald Trump signs first Trump , " We will bring back our jobs . We will bring back We borders . We will bring back We wealth . We we will bring We our dreams , We he said . We months of biting Trump , sharp criticism of the opposition party , and threats of immigration crackdowns that have sent fear coursing through minority communities across the nation , Trump dialed back his more controversial instincts on the day Trump put his hand on Abraham Lincoln Trump Bible Trump take the oath of office . It marked a rare moment where the most unconventional presidential candidate of modern times was swept up in the storied traditions that accompany the peaceful transfer of power that is so uniquely American . Trump ’s supporters , who had traveled Trump Washington from all over the country , hailed the speech as a moment of vindication .   " I feel wonderful , " said Harold Sexton , a     construction superindent from Kenton , Ohio . " I ’m very hopeful for the future . Just what he promised to bring the American people : more jobs , better trade , drain the swamp . "   James King , a     crane operator from Fredericksburg , Virginia , said he was " thrilled beyond belief . James King, a    crane operator from Fredericksburg, Virginia " We have an opportunity for change , James King, a    crane operator from Fredericksburg, Virginia he said . " Whether it happens James King, a    crane operator from Fredericksburg, Virginia not we do n’t know , but we have the opportunity . " Still we Trump ’s more restrained speech , the strains of " Hail to the Chief " and the traditional    salute that ushered Trump into office , could not mask Trump is a historical moment of deep divisions and tensions in America . On Saturday , some hundreds of thousands of women are expected to descend on Washington to march in protest of Trump ’s agenda and past remarks , which they view as sexist , misogynistic and some hundreds of thousands of women . Scattered protests against Trump also erupted around the city on Trump , even as Trump under heavy guard from police with Washington metal walls that stretched for miles . Challenges ahead , Trump faces stark challenges in the days ahead Trump Other presidents have stepped into the role after a honeymoon period that serves as a helpful launching pad for their first 100 days . Trump , by Other presidents , is mired in Trump lows that are on par with the dismal numbers that other presidents have faced when they left office .   Just 40 % other presidents adult Americans said they approved of Trump ’s handling of the Just 40% of adult Americans in a Trump poll released this week , the lowest of any recent president . By comparison , Obama had an 84 % approval rating when he took office in 2009 , 67 % Obama of Bill Clinton and 61 % approved of George W. Bush shortly before he took office in 2001 after a fierce George W. Bush lengthy recount . Trump also starts his administration under a cloud of uncertainty . Trump has vowed to repeal Obamacare at the Trump when it has reached the height of its popularity Obamacare Womens’ groups fear that the Obamacare ’s plans to defund women ’s his administration around the world . And the administration has not ruled out the possibility of his administration a pile of executive orders that would unravel Obama ’s actions . Comparing Donald Trump and Barack Obama ’s inaugural crowd sizes , Trump more granular Obama most of Trump ’s 21    nominees have not been confirmed by the Trump and there are hundreds of key jobs still to be filled in the administration . Trump tweaked Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in brief remarks during Trump formal luncheon the Senate the Capitol following his inaugural address , signaling his eagerness to get his nominees Trump . And he recognized Trump election rival , Trump Clinton , prompting a Trump ovation Trump Beyond top Cabinet jobs , transition officials acknowledge that they have filled few jobs in the leadership tier below the cabinet transition officials     the deputy secretaries who form the management structure of each federal agency . In order to keep the government functioning , the Trump team has assembled 536 " beachhead team members " to fill empty posts in various federal agencies today . They range in number from one to 30 people for different agencies the Trump team according to a Trump transition aide .   It ’s unclear however , how much Trump the temporary ,    aides will have at a time when few senior officials are in place . And it remains to be seen how Trump intends to address complaints about the lack of diversity in his Trump . For the first time since the 1980s , the Trump of cabinet appointees does not include a single   . Sean Spicer , Trump ’s new White House press secretary , pushed back on questions Trump ’s commitment to diversity Thursday . " I think when you look Trump totality of his administration   —    the people that he ’s talked to , the people that he ’s met with , the his that he is appointing     you see his president who is committed to uniting this his , who ’s brining the best and the brightest together , " he said . Spicer said ultimately Americans will focus on diversity in gender , his and ideology : " It ’s not just about , you know , skin color or ethnic heritage . " Trump echoed those thoughts in his speech Friday , stating his speech at the Republican National Convention Trump welcome differences in Friday Trump philosophies . " We must Trump our minds openly , debate our disagreements honestly , but always pursue solidarity , " We said . " When We is united , America is totally Trump . America 
 America 