Berkeley , California ( CNN ) Ann Coulter did n’t deliver Ann Coulter planned speech Thursday at Berkeley     so others spoke in Ann Coulter place .   The conservative commentator said that the University of California , Berkeley canceled Ann Coulter event . But the school , a longtime bastion of free speech that has recently been plagued by violence over controversial speakers , denied it had canceled . Now the University of California, Berkeley is dealing with competing protests by conservative activists and opponents of the   . Here ’s what has happened :   ’   Delete’ rally , The Bay Area chapter of the International Socialist Organization invited students and other members of the Berkeley community who oppose " racist provocateurs " to an "   Delete " news conference .   " We know that there are many among us who want to tackle the very real threat posed by the political far right , which is growing emboldened in Washington , D. C. and in the streets of Berkeley , " the group posted on Facebook .   " Mass mobilization , organization , and commitment to the politics of solidarity can actually confront the far right threat and defend our rights to free speech and assembly . " Hundreds of people gathered in Sproul Plaza     the epicenter of Berkeley Berkeley free speech movement     as one man blasted Coulter over a megaphone . " This is not about free speech . This is about fascism , " he one man .   About 10 feet away , a Coulter Coulter waved an American flag , saying the issue was indeed free free speech that the university was denying conservatives their rights conservatives About 70 law enforcement officers , most dressed in navy uniforms and wearing ball caps , stood in groups , watching the 150 or so people who milled about while other students traversed the plaza in between classes .   Most of the officers About 70 law enforcement officers, most dressed in navy uniforms and wearing ball caps helmets and zip ties hanging from their belts , About 70 law enforcement officers, most dressed in navy uniforms and wearing ball caps there was little tension . Thirty more police officers arrived about noon . Some people brought signs . Several bore the slogan , " No ! In the name of humanity , we refuse to accept a fascist America . " Campus police said there had been two arrests .   " Both individuals’ affiliation to UC Berkeley is unknown , " the university tweeted . War on campus : The escalating battle over college free speech , ’Freedom of Speech’ rally   Conservative commentators on Thursday afternoon converged at the Martin Luther King Jr. Civic Center Park , a city park several blocks from the campus . Several hundred people came to hear the speeches .    activist Brittany Pettibone drew a big cheer when she said the activist Brittany Pettibone refuses to stand down . " Let ’s show them activist Brittany Pettibone .. Several hundred people freedom of speech means to the right , " she said . activist Brittany Pettibone Gavin McInnes ,   a controversial    online    host , delivered Coulter ’s speech , which was about immigration . " Immigrants are showing up with a lot of needs and a lot of grievances . Why do we owe them ? If Immigrants have grievances go home and address the perpetrators . We owe you we . By my reckoning , they owe us , " we would have Coulter , according to McInnes . Coulter told Fox Coulter on Thursday night that the point of the speech was that laws written by Republicans and Democrats need to be enforced . Several attendees draped American flags over their shoulders . Several attendees Joey Gibson , 33 , had traveled from Vancouver , Washington to be there , along with a dozen members of a group called American Freedom Keepers . He wore a Joey Gibson Infowars shirt , an American flag bandanna and a motorcycle helmet with goggles . Gibson said the group came a group called American Freedom Keepers to protect the speakers . " If the police do their job today , the police can just sit a group called American Freedom Keepers and watch , " he said , adding Gibson he and his friends Gibson not Gibson to provoke or instigate . " A great day would be a day where antifa could come up and do their chants . .. he and his friends could hear the a group called American Freedom Keepers who want to speak without the worry of violence and we could all go a group called American Freedom Keepers own ways . a group called American Freedom Keepers    Rumors that antifa supporters had arrived about 30 minutes into the speeches changed the mood in the crowd , and some attendees took defensive postures near the speakers . There were    demonstrators on the other side of the street . Some held a banner that said , " Trump must go . By any means necessary . " After the event wound down , the two sides yelled across the roadway at the others , while helmeted police formed two lines in the middle of the street .   the street , hey ! Ho , ho ! Donald Trump must go ! Trump yelled .   " Do n’t listen to people telling you to hate us and Donald Trump , " one person Trump other side shouted . " Think for yourself . " She said , he said , Exactly who canceled Coulter yourself speech remains a point of contention .   The Berkeley College Republicans and Young America ’s Foundation are suing the university , accusing the school of discriminating against conservative guest speakers by placing onerous time and location restrictions on their appearances .   Coulter gave her conservative guest speakers of events on Coulter , Coulter the Young America ’s Foundation did little to stop the cancellation .   " I ’m so sorry Berkeley canceled my speech . I ’m so sorry YAF acquiesced in the cancellation . And I ’m so the cancellation free speech crushed by thugs , " she said . " It ’s sickening Coulter a radical thuggish institution like Berkeley can so easily snuff out the cherished Berkeley right to free speech . " But a university spokesman my speech of the speech did n’t follow proper protocol and that my speech was never formally scheduled .   " Ms. my speech speakers regardless of their position are welcome on this campus , " spokesman Dan Mogulof said .   He said the school asks for two months’ notice of an spokesman Dan Mogulof so it can work out logistics and security . The school was the school notified by an email in    that the school group was hoping to get Coulter to appear in late April the school the fall . No specific date was discussed , he said . University officials learned of the event being scheduled spokesman Dan Mogulof April 27 when they read about it in a newspaper , he said . The school University officials to find a venue , spokesman Dan Mogulof said . " We the school to do this , but we ca n’t do what we want to do to facilitate those speakers if We groups that want to We them and host them do n’t work with us in the way that they those speakers to , those speakers he said . 
 We those speakers 