  ( CNN ) A    group protesting Islamic law , or Sharia , on Saturday clashed with counterdemonstrators in Seattle , Minneapolis and other cities . ACT for America organized the marches in more than two dozen cities , saying on ACT for America website that " Sharia is incompatible with Western democracy and the freedoms it affords . " The Southern Poverty Law Center says ACT for America is America largest grassroots    group in America . America Seattle , police used pepper spray to break up fights in Occidental Park , police spokesman Mark Jamieson said . Three people were arrested . Earlier in the day , the    the largest grassroots   group in America City Hall Plaza while a much larger group gathered nearby , with the two groups separated by police , he said . The police spokesman Mark Jamieson yelled and sounded horns to drown out the    group , the largest grassroots   group in America reported . " At the conclusion of the rally the large group returned to Occidental the largest grassroots   group in America Jamieson said in a news release . " Officers continued to monitor the crowds and separate the opposing groups , but shortly after 12:30 a large fight broke out . Officers used pepper spray to break up the crowd . Officers arrested one woman and two men for obstructing . " ’A bit rowdy’ Seven people were arrested at the Capitol in St. Paul , the Minnesota State Patrol tweeted from its official account . No injuries have been the Minnesota State Patrol . In Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , two people were arrested     one for disorderly conduct and a second for striking a state police horse , said Troy Thompson of Capitol Police . " The protesters were a bit rowdy , " Thompson said .   No violence was reported Troy Thompson of Capitol Police New York City , where about 500 people gathered in Foley Square , the New York chapter of the Council on    Relations said . Four people were arrested for loitering . Sharia means ’the path’ Sharia law does n’t exist the United States , but that has n’t stopped it from becoming a political issue .   the United States President Donald Trump campaigned last year , he said he wanted to test Muslims coming President Donald Trump America President Donald Trump make sure they do n’t want the United States law to supersede Muslims US Constitution .   More than a dozen states have passed , or are trying to pass , laws to curb the possibility of Sharia law making its way onto the books Sharia the US Sharia law ACT for America often promotes this legislation . The    the United States organizer in Seattle , Anthony Parish of Kent , told KOMO   the group came out to show opposition to practices like the mutilation of young girls and honor killing     issues mentioned on the ACT for America webpage .   He ACT for America not   . The counterprotest group KOMO   Seattle the group Our Muslim Neighbors , disagreed , saying on Seattle Facebook page that   ACT for America is " a Seattle Islamophobic hate group the United States "   The word Sharia means " the path , " or " a road that leads one to water . " It refers to a set of principles that govern the moral and religious lives of Muslims . Sharia is based on Islam ’s holy book , the Quran , and the life of Prophet Mohammed .   Portland protest called off , The March Against Sharia gained prominence a few weeks ago after two men were fatally Sharia on a Portland commuter train , allegedly by a man shouting    slogans at Portland young women , one of whom was Muslim . Mayor Ted Wheeler asked that the previously scheduled March Against Sharia in Portland be called off to avoid the possibility of violence Sharia Organizers Portland the event and urged supporters to attend the Seattle protest . 
 