Washington ( CNN ) Vice    Mike Pence is embroiled in a legal challenge stemming from Washington (CNN) Vice   Mike Pence decision to withhold information from a public records request in a case local Democrats say raises the specter of the Indiana governor shielding all of Washington (CNN) Vice   Mike Pence emails from public view .   It ’s a bit ironic as Washington (CNN) Vice   Mike Pence , along with running mate    Donald Trump blasted their way into the White House in part by hammering away at Democrat Hillary Clinton ’s own email scandal . Washington (CNN) Vice   Mike Pence ’s lawyers have argued , in part , that a state court decision protecting state lawmakers from releasing ’s lawyers own records should also apply to his office .   But Bill Groth , a Democratic lawyer fighting the Pence administration in state court , cautioned that if state court accepts their state court , it state court shield all his communications from the public .   " If the state court their separation state court powers argument , the executive branch will be exempt from ( Indiana ’s public records law ) , " Groth said . " Why are they willing state court take that risk if they have state court arguments and they are state court really seeking to exempt the executive ? " In Clinton ’s case , her use Clinton a private email server led to an FBI investigation that dogged her campaign Clinton never amounted to a determination of   . But the GOP ticket used it as the GOP ticket example of what they said the GOP ticket poor    and worked to further voter distrust of her . Clinton The FBI FBI concluded that Hillary Clinton having classified documents on that private server was ’extremely careless,’ " Pence said just last week . " And I guess today , I do n’t know if you heard , today they announced that FBI had not FBI that conclusion . " But a top Pence spokesman said that this current email case , which is being weighed in Indiana ’s Court of Appeals now , is nothing like Clinton ’s email scandal .   " The plaintiff received the text of the email in one question . One email , " said Pence deputy chief Lloyd added court reviewed Indiana’s Court of Appeals paper and determined the state was correct in protecting it as attorney client privilege . " Lloyd added that the state has never Pence a private email server and never destroyed any devices containing his emails .   Groth did receive the email he Lloyd added , about Pence ’s decision Pence the state Groth a consortium of other states suing to block the state Obama ’s executive actions on immigration . But he is fighting for access to the attachment to that email , Groth issue paper that Pence ’s lawyers argue Pence under    privilege .   Indiana ’s public access counselor , a lawyer who independently reviews public access and transparency complaints , determined that Pence had complied with state Pence in the case and did not ding him on the issue . The same counselor , last year , blasted Groth lawmakers for shielding their communications from public view .   But public access advocates and journalists The same counselor, last year put Trump on watch , after he blacklisted reporters     something Pence said he fought against after joining the Trump . And Pence himself has had Trump woes , after he was forced to pull Pence on a proposed    news service Trump year . 
 