’   ’ ’    After drawing conservative Republicans on board to the American    Health Care Act , Republican leadership appears set to try to    bring back the American Health Care Act to the House floor for a    vote .   ’ ’    But the fate of the legislation appeared to be in doubt Thursday    as leaders raced to get the support of moderate Republican    lawmakers . ’ ’    An amendment released Tuesday night , authored by moderate    Rep. Tom MacArthur , appeared to placate conservatives who did not    think the original AHCA went far enough in the original AHCA repeal of    Obamacare . ’ ’    An amendment released Tuesday night, authored by moderate   Rep. Tom MacArthur would allow states to apply for a waiver that    would exempt their    markets from certain regulations    created by the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare , if they can    prove it    bring down costs . ’ ’    ’ ’’ ’ ( ) ’ ’    The tweak was enough to get the   which could mean support from roughly 20    members who were against the original AHCA . ’ ’    But the amendment   members of the Republican    caucus and could leave the AHCA short of the votes it    needs to pass . Only 22 GOP members can vote against the bill for       the bill through the    chamber .   ’ ’    MacArthur , the author of the amendment and a    of the    Tuesday Group ,   Thursday that the Republican conference    does not currently have enough votes . ’ ’    Members of the House GOP conference that originally    said they ’ ’   Members of the House GOP conference vote " yes " have now expressed doubts over    the the amendment    other    undecided members include Reps .    Brain Babin , Mike Coffman , and Ryan Costello . ’ ’    While the House the House GOP conference wrangle votes ,    the White House has also sought to apply pressure ahead of    the    mark in    Donald Trump’ ’s    administration . Mick Mulvaney , the Office of and Management    and Budget director , told CNBC that he was " still holding Mick Mulvaney, the Office of and Management   and Budget director "    for a vote on Saturday , while other reports suggested a vote    could come Friday . ’ ’    Pushing back on any timeline , House Speaker Paul Ryan has    repeatedly said leadership will    bring the legislation    to the floor until " we have the votes . " ’ ’    Passing the AHCA through the House represent a significant House cleared , but it would also lead to new " ’ ’   Passing the AHCA through the House . ’ ’    Several Republican senators have expressed serious doubts about    the AHCA . And since Republicans the AHCA to move the    healthcare bill through the budget reconciliation process , there    have been questions whether the bill    even qualify    under the   healthcare bill rules . ’ ’After drawing conservative Republicans on board . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 