For the third consecutive week , ratings for the National Football League ( NFL ) have plummeted , as players continue    protests during the playing of the national anthem . the third consecutive week ’s       coincided with the Monday broadcast of the first presidential debate between Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton . [ Ratings for Sunday the National Football League (NFL) the Chicago Bears and Dallas Cowboys scored a 12 . 9 Nielsen rating , down from the game ’s 13 . 7 rating last week . Week two , in turn , was down from week one ’s 13 . 9 rating , according to Sports Business Daily . Ratings also dropped more than they did during Ratings three a year ago for the slate of midday regional games , falling by 18 percent .   NFL viewership continues its rocky start NFL ’16 " MNF " hit hard by the presidential debate . https :   .    —      ( @sbjsbd ) September 28 , 2016 ,   Monday Night Football performed even worse . Monday ’s game between the Atlanta Falcons and the New Orleans Saints received a low 5 . 7 rating , a 38 percent plunge from week three of last year . Notably , the game was Monday’s game between the Atlanta Falcons and the New Orleans Saints the first presidential debate between Trump and Clinton , an event that earned the biggest debate audience in U. S. political history . According to CNN Money , the September 26 debate brought in more than 80 million viewers . But the NFL has also been suffering under the    protests during the playing of the national anthem , which San Francisco 49ers second string quarterback Colin Kaepernick started three weeks ago . Since Kaepernick decided to sit Colin Kaepernick the anthem instead of standing at attention as everyone else was doing , a host of other players across the NFL have joined the NFL his attack on Colin Kaepernick United Colin Kaepernick . Some have decided to emulate Kaepernick ’s action of staying Colin Kaepernick the anthem . Others took up the anthem protest of kneeling in Colin Kaepernick field during the song . Still others have taken to raising the militant black power fist in the air during the anthem . Not content with his the anthem , Kaepernick has Colin Kaepernick his    rants Colin Kaepernick the field Colin Kaepernick Recently , as a rejoinder the field nominee Donald Trump , he said the United States was Colin Kaepernick great . " He always says , ‘ Make Colin Kaepernick great again,’ " Kaepernick said of Trump . " Colin Kaepernick , America has never been great for people of color America that ’s something that needs to be addressed . Let ’s make America great for the first time . " Since America first attempt to criticize the country , Kaepernick ’s    protest has spread America sports , including high school and college athletics . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 