University of California president Janet Napolitano has attacked " free speech Darwinism " in an    to be published in Sunday ’s Boston Globe . While University of California president Janet Napolitano essay purports to be a defense of free speech , University of California president Janet Napolitano actually crafts a devious defense of " safe spaces " on campus and " trigger warnings " in the classroom . [ Along the way , University of California president Janet Napolitano attacks the University of Chicago ’s    " free speech Darwinism "   —    a term University of California president Janet Napolitano uses to defame , but does not bother to define .   University of California president Janet Napolitano university system is rife with the suppression of free speech and academic freedom , both in an official capacity ( and , more worryingly , by students themselves ) . Last year , the the University of Chicago a list of terms that it called " microaggressions the University of Chicago that faculty should avoid , and which included such controversial statements as " America is the land of opportunity , " " There is only one race , the human race , " and " I believe the most qualified person should get the job . " In her    Napolitano offers up familiar free speech mantras : " [ T]he way to deal with extreme , unfounded speech is not with less speech   —    it is with more speech , " she says . Yet her also claims , her , that speech " designed to personally intimidate or harass falls outside First Amendment protections , as outlined by the Supreme Court . " That is more restrictive than the actual boundary of free speech established by the Court , and the Supreme Court a definition that the campus left has exploited by defining " intimidation " and " harassment " expansively , to shut down opposing ( or insufficiently radical ) views on campus . Napolitano also defends " safe spaces " by distorting what they are . She calls "safe spaces" " student Napolitano and "safe spaces" activities , " implying that they are meant to be "safe spaces" . In fact , " safe spaces " are exclusive , designed to keep out unwelcome views or people . She also says that " Napolitano warnings " are little more than a professor telling students " that a piece they are about to study students the difficult topic of race , " which " helps students appreciate what they are reading . " students fact , " trigger warnings " do the opposite : they tell students that they students regard what they students about to read students hear with suspicion , fear and hostility . The capstone of Napolitano ’s intellectually dishonest " defense " of free speech is her accusation that the University Napolitano Chicago is engaged in " free speech Darwinism . " Napolitano is referring to a Napolitano sent by that university ’s dean to the University of Chicago informing them that while debate on campus must incoming students civil , they can also expect it to be incoming students , and that it is not the job of the university to protect students from uncomfortable the University of Chicago diverse views with " safe spaces " and " trigger warnings . " The letter says nothing about " free speech Darwinism , " which Napolitano appears to have invented . If she means that only ideas that pass the Napolitano of reason and debate will survive , there can be no objection to the term : that is the job of a university , in teaching and research . But what Napolitano actually appears to be doing is linking Napolitano speech with social Darwinism , a nineteenth century movement that the left often uses to caricature capitalism and meritocracy as ruthless and predatory . By inference , she is signaling that arguments defending the free Napolitano and free competition should not enjoy equal tolerance . And so what Napolitano is really doing is not defending free Napolitano , but defending restrictions on conservative views by    dons . Notably , when Napolitano cites an example of offensive speech , Napolitano finds a way to attack Donald Trump Napolitano " Chalking an      slogan on a sidewalk is one thing spray painting it on a building is another . " an     slogan on a sidewalk latter has never happened   —    but there are plenty of examples of    vandalism in the Black Lives Matter vein , which universities have chosen to tolerate . Napolitano ’s call for " free speech " is really a manifesto for more suppression on campus . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : Joel B. Pollak Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 