Washington ( CNN ) A relaxed Merrick Garland dispensed some advice last month to a roomful of Harvard Law students eager to hear about A relaxed Merrick Garland journey from litigator to federal prosecutor to top judge on one of the most powerful appellate courts in the country . Referencing the unexpected twists and turns of A relaxed Merrick Garland early career , Merrick Garland urged a roomful of Harvard Law students eager to hear about his journey from litigator to federal prosecutor to top judge on one of the most powerful appellate courts in the country not to draw up an iron clad plan for their a roomful of Harvard Law students eager to hear about his journey from litigator to federal prosecutor to top judge on one of the most powerful appellate courts in the country futures .   " You never have any idea what is going to come , " Merrick Garland said . It was pretty good advice from a man with a glittering legal career who may or may not be the next justice to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States .   It ’s been seven months since President Barack Obama nominated Garland to replace conservative icon Justice Antonin Scalia and in doing so , launched a constitutional showdown when Republican senators refused to hold hearings . But after a public effort to move the nomination forward last spring , the debate has fallen largely silent . Supporters of Garland , the chief judge of the Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit , say that is about to change .   " With the Senate wrapping up its the Senate recess of the year , communities are refusing to allow senators to go back to the Capitol quietly , " said Michele Jawando , of the Center for American Progress , a    group that is launching demonstrations in eight states to urge senators to act . And some    say a change is possible from Republicans should Hillary Clinton win the presidential race .   In May , Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley was asked point blank by CNN whether he Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley take action in a lame duck session if Clinton Hillary Clinton to win in November . His Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley : " no . " But late last month in Sioux City , Iowa , Grassley Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley to soften and suggested to a Rotary Club audience that his Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley might change if a large number of senators strongly urged him Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley consider the nomination , the Globe Gazette reported .   Beth Levine , Grassley Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley , said later there had been no shift . She reiterated Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley Grassley believes Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley hearing should occur after a new president is sworn in . " Giving the people a voice is the position of 52 of 54 Republican senators and he does Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley foresee any shift in that position the position of 52 of 54 Republican senators Levine said Beth Levine   But that wo n’t stop any speculation for a      session .   Jason P. Steed , an appellate attorney at Bell Nunnally   Martin in Texas , believes part of the calculation that Republicans might be considering now is what might happen if they were to Republicans both the White Republicans and the Senate .   " They might    Republicans committed Hillary Clinton is to a Garland nomination , " he said . Hillary Clinton If she wins by Hillary Clinton margins , she might feel Hillary Clinton from the left to nominate someone who is younger or more progressive . " Possible liberal nominees could include appellate judges Sri Srinivasan of the D. C. Circuit and Paul Watford of the 9th Circuit the D. C. Circuit under 50 , while Garland is 63 Garland   On the campaign trail , Clinton has praised Garland and urged Garland Senate to act . But she has not made a Clinton commitment to putting his name forward again if she were to win the Clinton .   And then there is pressure from some key constituents .    President Richard Trumka praised Garland at a Garland breakfast according to USA Today , but he said he would not President Richard Trumka back President Richard Trumka    if Clinton were President Richard Trumka win . " There could be somebody better , and if somebody better comes along , we ’ll support him , " Trumka said President Richard Trumka   Clinton President Richard Trumka inherit the vetting Clinton compiled by lawyers in the Obama administration concerning other candidates who were discussed before Obama picked Garland , such Obama Srinivasan .   And progressives have plenty of favorite     candidates in mind . Someone like Judge Pamela Harris     who was placed on the DC circuit after the so called " nuclear option " was triggered . Or Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson , who sits on the U. S. District Court for the District of Columbia . Or Sen. Elizabeth Warren ?   But if Clinton were to win , she may not want to Clinton in an immediate battle royale over the Supreme Court . Garland the U. S. District Court , and given the fact that the next president will likely have an opportunity to fill more than one vacancy on a bench that currently consists of three justices in their late 70s and early 80s , three justices would likely have other opportunities . Clinton " She might stick with Garland because it Clinton easy     there Garland be less risk of a fight , " Steed said .   Jawando said Clinton will make the court a priority . " Secretary the Supreme Court always been very engaged Clinton nominations process because she understands how much is at stake in Clinton courts , " she said . " The next president may Clinton the opportunity to dramatically reshape the Supreme Court . "   And what about Republican nominee Donald Trump ? He broke it down for an audience in Cedar Republican nominee Donald Trump , Iowa , in July .   " Here ’s the story , " he said . " If you really like Donald Republican nominee Donald Trump     that ’s great     but if Republican nominee Donald Trump you have to vote for me anyway     you know why ? Supreme Court judges ! Republican nominee Donald Trump Court judges ! " the Supreme Court taken the unusual the Supreme Court releasing a list of state and Republican nominee Donald Trump judges that might be among his picks , including conservatives such as Judge Diane Sykes of the United Republican nominee Donald Trump Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit and Judge Steven Colloton who sits on the 8th Circuit .   Carrie Severino , chief counsel for the conservative Judicial Crisis Network , said at the time that the names on the list would need to be vetted but " they all seem to share in common a record of putting the law and the Constitution ahead of their political preferences . "   As for Garland , he has met they all senators and offered up an unsolicited Senate questionnaire . Garland he said , " You never have any idea what is going to Garland . " 
 