Hillary Clinton has a new target in Breitbart . Hillary Clinton goal is not just to use Breitbart as a political foil , but to shut the site down entirely . [ Deputy communications director Christina Reynolds sent a fundraising email earlier this week claiming that while other conservative news outlets had a " right to exist , " Breitbart News did not .   The Breitbart News Committee   —    recently embroiled in an antisemitism scandal   —    tried to make an issue of our headlines . And on Thursday , Clinton will follow up that message in Reno with a speech against the " " which Breitbart News has occasionally covered . The effort Breitbart News Alinsky   —    who was the subject of Clinton ’s thesis at Wellesley   —    at Clinton worst : " Pick the target , freeze it , personalize it , and polarize it . the target By using the target News as a the target for Donald Trump , Breitbart News " " as a proxy for Breitbart News , the Clinton campaign hopes to undermine Trump Breitbart News    and marginalize Clinton leading critics . Note that they have to lie to Trump  —    gullible followers to do it using Breitbart News as a proxy for Donald Trump, and the " " as a proxy for Breitbart News, the Clinton campaign Reynolds claims , falsely using Breitbart News as a proxy for Donald Trump, and the " " as a proxy for Breitbart News, the Clinton campaign that Breitbart was " all over " the story that Barack Obama Breitbart News " a secret Muslim born in Kenya . " ( We did bust his literary agent claiming he was born there . ) The reason Breitbart is the his is not just because our executive chairman Breitbart News stepped down from that position to become We new CEO of the Trump campaign . Far more important is the fact that Breitbart editor Peter Schweizer has exposed the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Breitbart News ’s     corruption at the State Department with his bestselling book , Clinton Cash . Clinton ’s false accusations of racism are typical   —    Hillary Clinton show her desperation . The attacks will not stop with Breitbart News Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton backs changes to the First Amendment to shut up Hillary Clinton party has proposed legislation that would let the government decide who Hillary Clinton a journalist and who is not . Hillary ’s attack on Breitbart News is her latest attack on press Hillary Clinton   —    Breitbart News we Hillary Clinton built to resist . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Breitbart News Left Ca Joel B. Pollak Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 