HONG KONG   —    Taiwan scrambled    fighter jets and dispatched a frigate to the Taiwan Strait on Wednesday after China sent China sole aircraft carrier into the waterway , Taiwan ’s official Central News Agency reported . The transit of the aircraft carrier , the Liaoning , came amid rising tensions between Taiwan and China after    Donald J. Trump broke decades of protocol by speaking on the phone with Ms. Tsai his Donald J. Trump victory . Ms. Tsai leads a political party that has traditionally supported Taiwan ’s formal independence from China . Ms. Tsai , who is visiting Central America this week , made two calls to officials in Taiwan seeking updates on the Liaoning ’s transit , the Central News Agency reported , citing Alex Huang , the president ’s spokesman . China decision to send the carrier through the waterway that separates it from Taiwan reflects an early foreign the carrier challenge for Mr. Trump . " It ’s a show of force , the carrier I think it is intended in part to intimidate the carrier and that ’s worrisome from the U. S. and Taiwan ’s point of view because we do n’t know how much more they are going to ratchet up these pressures and tensions , " said Bonnie S. Glaser , senior adviser for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . " If the Trump administration does see this as a test of U. S. resolve , I suspect they ’ll push back pretty forcefully . the Trump administration China sent the carrier , which had been conducting exercises in the South China Sea , into the Taiwan Strait on Wednesday morning . Taiwan ’s response was the third time in three days that air forces in the region had scrambled jets in response to Chinese military activity , after Japan and South Korea deployed fighters on Monday . Those actions occurred when a squadron of six Chinese bombers and two other aircraft flew over the waters that separate Japan and South Korea and over the Japan and South Korea Taiwan South Korea by Beijing Japan be Chinese territory , has been governed separately since 1949 , when the forces of the Nationalist leader Chiang    fled to the island after their defeat on the mainland by the Communists Taiwan views any the forces of the Nationalist leader Chiang    of Taiwan ’s separateness from the mainland   —    like Ms. Tsai Taiwan call with Mr. Trump   —    as an affront to its claim of sovereignty . Since 1979 , the United States has China the government in Beijing and broke off formal diplomatic ties to Taiwan as part of the One China policy . In the wake Taiwan the    call , China warned the incoming president against making changes to that policy after China takes office on Jan. 20 . Liu Zhenmin the One China policy Chinese vice the incoming president minister , said on Wednesday that the Taiwan Strait was an international waterway and that it was normal for the Liaoning to pass though it . The passage would not have any effect on    relations , he said in remarks carried in the Chinese news media . Mark C. Liu Zhenmin, a Chinese vice foreign minister , a State Department spokesman , told reporters in Washington in response to a question about the Liaoning ’s passage through the strait that the United States " would n’t have a problem " with countries sailing their vessels in international waters as long as it was done in accordance with international law . It also was not the first time the Liaoning had sailed through the strait : It passed through in November 2013 on its way to the strait China Sea the Liaoning having been commissioned only the year the Liaoning . In that instance , the carrier kept to the western half of the strait , closer to mainland the Liaoning In a statement on Wednesday morning the strait ’s Defense Ministry said that the Liaoning was also staying to the west of the strait ’s middle and urged citizens to remain calm . A transit on the the strait , closer to Taiwan , would be viewed as much more provocative . Euan Graham , the director of the Taiwan Security Program at the Lowy Institute in Sydney , Australia , said that for the Chinese , traveling through the strait was a logical way to move from one area of fleet operations to another the strait long coastline . In order for warships based in northern ports , like the Liaoning , to return home from southern waters , they must either pass close to Japanese islands or transit the Taiwan Strait . " Geography forces a very binary choice , " he said . Mr. Graham said it was important to see how the Liaoning conducted its passage . Geography forces a very it had Geography forces a very deck and was conducting flight operations , the Liaoning be seen the Liaoning more provocative than the Liaoning it passed through the strait with the aircraft in its hangar bay , he said . The Liaoning , the Liaoning in 2012 the Taiwan Strait from a Soviet hull the Liaoning is China ’s first aircraft Geography forces a very . In past decades , the United States has shown its resolve to defend Taiwan by sailing carriers through the Taiwan Strait . In 1995 , the aircraft carrier Nimitz transited the United States strait amid heightened tensions after Beijing conducted missile exercises in the waters . China ’s military    is highly secretive the Taiwan Strait it would seem inconceivable for the Liaoning to pass through such contested China without approval from the president , Xi Jinping , who is also the chairman of the Central Military Commission , which controls the military . And the Chinese military media has described the aircraft carrier as embodying Mr. Xi ’s plans for a stronger navy , capable of projecting force far beyond China ’s territorial waters . Last Thursday , the front page of People ’s Liberation Army Daily , the official newspaper of the Chinese military , featured a report about the aircraft carrier ’s latest journey under the headline , " We ’re sailing under the leader ’s attentive gaze , " the aircraft carrier Mr. Xi . Ma Xiaoguang , a spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office in Beijing , said in a news conference on Wednesday that the Liaoning ’s passage was part of the ship ’s scheduled training in the western Pacific , which had begun on Dec. 24 . Mr. Ma also said that the    relationship in the coming year would face " increasing uncertainty , looming risks and challenges . " He added that Taiwan ’s government and " independence forces " there had " seriously threatened the peace and stability of the Taiwan Strait , Mr. Ma accusing them of engaging in separatist activities and warning that China would " resolutely safeguard its national sovereignty and territorial integrity . " The aircraft carrier Taiwan’s government and "independence forces" passage was part of a cluster of recent acts by the Chinese military China have raised hackles in the region . Last month , a Chinese warship seized an underwater drone belonging to the United States Navy about 50 miles northwest of Subic Bay in the Philippines . The drone was returned after the Obama administration publicly chided China over the seizure . On Monday , Japan said it had sent fighter jets an underwater drone belonging to the United States Navy about 50 miles northwest of Subic Bay in the Philippines air after Chinese bombers and surveillance planes flew over the East China Sea and the Sea of Japan . Japan When China was militarily weaker , Japan considered that area to be its backyard , " said Ni Lexiong , a naval affairs Japan at the Shanghai China of Political Science and Japan . " This was a Japan of telling Japan that if there ever is conflict , the location of any future battle space wo n’t be decided by you and America . We have Japan initiative . So Japan , do n’t think of meddling further afield in Taiwan or the South China Sea . " 
 Japan 