Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     All times eastern . 8:33 : Newt reportedly tells GOP lawmakers in Congress to learn from Trump . 8:15 : Trump accuses Cruz campaign of spreading Melania ’s GQ cover photo around in Utah .    On @FoxBusiness   —    Trump accuses Cruz of sending Melania Melania’s GQ photo around Utah . pic Utah twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) March 23 , 2016 ,   8:09 : Sanders : Corporate media ’s " conflicts of interest " hurting campaign : " The media is an arm of the ruling class of this country and they want to The media about everything in the world except the most important issues , " he said during a live interview on The Young Turks Internet news show . " Because if you talk about real issues and people get educated on the real issues , you know what happens next , they might actually you talk about real issues and people to bring about change . " 5:15 : Tight race in Wisconsin : Wisconsin poll   Wisconsin    Emerson College , GOPCruz 36%Trump 35%Kasich 19 % DEMSClinton 50%Sanders 44%https :   .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) March 23 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Trump blasts Jeb ! : I think having Jeb ’s endorsement Jeb Lyin’ Ted . Jeb spent more Jeb $ 150 , 000 , 000 and got nothing . I spent a fraction of that and am first !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   4:33 : Jeb ! for Jeb : Jeb Ted emails Jeb list for Jeb pic . twitter .    —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) March 23 , 2016 ,   4:30 : Kasich says Trump will win if he drops out Kasich " Let me tell you : I drop out , Donald Trump is Trump na be the nominee , " John Kasich told Kasich Wisconsin this afternoon .   —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) March 23 , 2016 ,   4:15 : RNC on Clinton ’s counterterrorism speech : Priebus : " Hillary Clinton and President Obama Clinton wrong about ISIS at every turn , which has resulted in more attacks and a more dangerous world . From her failed Libya policy , to Clinton support for the president ’s Clinton withdrawal from President Obama to her failed online counterterrorism program at Clinton State Department , Hillary Clinton has backed policies that Clinton ISIS to grow into a global threat . ISIS today , President Obama claimed ISIS was ‘ not an President Obama despite its ISIS to launch attacks on American soil and threat,’ of chemical weapons . We need a president who will take a fundamentally different approach to defeat radical Islamic terrorists , not someone like Hillary Clinton who dangerously believes we ‘ finally are where we need to be We ’ " Trump on We ’s speech and " Lyin’ Ted . " Hillary Clinton watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror . She Hillary Clinton been in office fighting terror for 20 Hillary Clinton and look where we are !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   I will be the best by far in fighting terror . I ’m the only one that was right from the beginning ,   now Lyin’ Ted   others are copying me .   — Ted J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   3:38 : Politico : Harry Reid : ‘ Never , ever , ever underestimate Trump . " He also slams Cruz for " plotting to be president Ted he was in elementary school . " " Never , Ted , ever underestimate Trump . No one should do that . I tried Trump others have tried . He ’s a hard guy to predict , " Reid Ted in a telephone interview on Wednesday . " Harry Reid of the most unorthodox candidates for the presidency in modern times . Certainly in modern times ,    times . A real unusual deal we have here . " Still , Reid would not say whether he would prefer that Democrats Harry Reid Trump or Sen. Ted Harry Reid ( ) . The minority leader said flatly : " I do n’t think it matters . " " You have one who has been plotting to be president for six or seven months . That ’s Trump . You have Cruz , who has been plotting Trump be president since he was in elementary school , " Reid said .    3:25 : NPR having reporters go through " Trump Training " sessions to deal with hostile crowds : Trump has sent its political reporters to      awareness training NPR which in NPR typical form lasts a few days and prepares journalists NPR covering war zones or regions where terrorists are active . News organizations , government agencies and nongovernmental organizations generally employ such training to help employees respond to such hazards as riots , mortar attacks , kidnappings or firefights . In this case , NPR ’s    sessions might be called Trump Training . 3:15 : Report : Top RNC official met with    career tacticians at Grover Norquist ’s We d . meeting . 3:08 : Clinton at Stanford today in Northern California . Sanders at the wonderful Griffith Park ( spectacular views ) in Southern California : . @BernieSanders , his wife @janeosanders , Northern California Comms Director Michael Briggs in @BernieSanders Park . pic . @BernieSanders .    —    Danny Griffith Park @DannyEFreeman ) March 23 , 2016 ,   3:05 : Clinton slams Cruz for wanting to treat Muslims like " criminals " and " racially profiling neighborhoods . " She also blasts the " offensive " and " inflammatory " rhetoric Clinton " demonizes Muslims . " Clinton also says that torture does not work and puts our troops Clinton civilians at risk . She says America will not America condone " or " practice " Clinton anywhere if she is president . Clinton quotes NYC police commissioner Bratton : " Clinton said Sen. Cruz Clinton not know what the hell he ’s Clinton about . "   —    Abby D. Phillip Sen. Cruz @abbydphillip ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Clinton on Cruz ’s call for patroling U. S. Muslim neighborhoods : Clinton It Sen. Cruz wrong , it ’s counterproductive , it ’s dangerous . "   —    It Kapur ( @sahilkapur It March 23 , 2016 ,   2:57 : Clinton says " if Mr. Trump gets his way , it will Clinton like Christmas in the Kremlin " Mr. Trump : Putin ’s desire to divide Europe . 2:52 : Clinton on Cruz ’s    strategy : . @HillaryClinton calls Ted Cruz Clinton carpet bomb " strategy reckless , saying : " Cruz not a strategy . Loose canons tend to misfire . "   —    Evan Halper ( @evanhalper ) March 23 , 2016 ,   2:50 : Clinton repeats line from last night : " How high does the Clinton have to be to keep the internet out ? " She says the tech    must stop seeing each other as adversaries Clinton She also takes a swipe at Trump : Clinton , knocking Trump Clinton says " we need to rely on Clinton actually works , Trump bluster that alienates our partners   does n’t make us any safer "   —    we Alba ( @albamonica ) March 23 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Clinton says " walls will not protect us " from ISIS . Clinton says we ca n’t " contain ISIS " and we must Clinton defeat ISIS us " 2:43 : At ISIS , Clinton us about bringing Chelsea ISIS Stanford . Says granddaughter Charlotte would Clinton good in Cardinal red . Presidential Stanford Hillary Clinton on counterterrorism at Stanford . pic . twitter .    Clinton Eric Thomas ( @ericthomaskgo ) March Stanford , 2016 ,   2:40 : Ford defensive after Trump has attacked the company for moving plants to Mexico . 2:35 : Heidi Cruz blasts Trump : Ford says , " there are a lot of things that Donald Trump Trump his Heidi Cruz that have no basis in reality . " pic . Trump    — Trump Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) March 23 , 2016 ,   2:30 : Paul Ryan does n’t like the " ugliness " in politics . He thinks he can win over Americans with PowerPoint presentations . He says it ’s time to " Paul Ryan bold Paul Ryan but rehashes the same    points . It Paul Ryan fitting he spoke to inters , because he sounds like a career staffer . " Instead it playing to Paul Ryan anxieties , we can appeal Paul Ryan your aspirations . Instead of playing the identity politics of our base versus their base , we unite people around ideas and principles . And instead of being timid , we go bold . We do n’t just resort to scaring you , we dare to inspire you , " Ryan reportedly we . But , as CNN noted , " we of Ryan ’s message was n’t Paul Ryan   —    he has a stressed similar themes in a speech Paul Ryan his election last fall outlining a ‘ Confident Paul Ryan . ’ " 2:00 : On CNN , Trump ’s Paul Ryan Trump Stephen Miller blasts Obama ’s    policy for allowing potential terrorists to enter CNN United States . 1:58 : Cruz not worried his " New York values " line will Cruz him in Cruz   York ’s primary : . @TedCruz says Cruz ’s " not worried at all " that his " New York values " gambit is going to hurt @TedCruz in the New York primary .   — @TedCruz Patrick New York @PatrickSvitek ) March 23 , 2016 ,   @TedCruz : Tommy New York Kasich : Right    former Kasich Gov. Tommy Thompson at the mic at John Kasich event in Wauwatosa Kasich pic . twitter .    —    Patrick Paolantonio ( @ppaolantonio ) March 23 , 2016 ,   1:28 : Obama joins the brouhaha over Cruz’ response to Brussels : . President Obama criticizes @TedCruz ’s call to police U. S. Muslim neighborhoods it makes " no sense " https :   .   https :   @TedCruz    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) March 23 , 2016 ,   1:09 : Cruz likens potential Trump loss in general to Mondale rather Trump Goldwater Cruz At presser @tedcruz says GOP would see a " Mondale " level bloodbath in the general if @realDonaldTrump gets nomination .   —    Christina @TedCruz ( @EenaRuffini ) March 23 , Mondale ,   1:00 : general to Mondale endorses Hillary over Bernie . Wow ! ! @RollingStone endorses @HillaryClinton for Hillary Clinton , and what a resounding endorsement it is too ! # Imwithherhttps :   .    —    Scott Nevins ( @ScottNevins ) March 23 , 2016 ,   12:43 : Kasich is still 7 state wins Kasich from qualifying for the nomination : Cruz on Kasich : ’You ca n’t lose Kasich state and expect Cruz be the nominee’&gt&gt https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    WIBW ( @wibw ) March 23 , 2016 ,   12:22 : Get ready ! Hillary ’s gon na call us out . In Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton terrorism speech today , she will call out    Clinton at Stanford today in Northern California ’s call to Hillary Clinton with NATO .   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) March 23 , 2016 ,   12:09 : New York values . . @tedcruz goes after @realDonaldTrump on his home turf , calling out Trump for " bankrolling " New York Democrats at rally New York ,   —    @TedCruz Gambino ( @LGamGam @realDonaldTrump @TedCruz 2016 ,   Noted : Ted Cruz just " y’all"ed New York of Manhattan voters ,   —    Rebecca Sinderbrand ( @sinderbrand ) Sen. Cruz , 2016 ,   12:06 : Just never get a tattoo . Ever . So   …     an Arizona dude got a ’Trump Stamp’ in exchange for concert tickets ( via @knixcountry ) https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC15 Arizona ( @abc15 ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:49 : Heidi Cruz fires at Trump : Heidi Cruz , in Waukesha , Wisconsin : " You probably know by now that most of the things Donald Heidi Cruz no basis in reality . Heidi Cruz —    Toby Harnden ( @tobyharnden ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:46 : Trump To clinch the nomination   …      Trump needs 53 % of remaining delegates . Cruz needs 82 % of them . Kasich needs 116 % of them . Kasich — Trump Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:19 : Heidi Cruz Walker puts his weight behind Cruz : Gov. Scott Walker Toby Harnden (@tobyharnden) March 23, 2016,  11:46: Math: To clinch the nomination   Ted Cruz is the only viable Toby Harnden (@tobyharnden) March 23, 2016,  11:46: Math: To clinch the nomination   to Donald Trump . https :   .    —    Molly Beck Sen. Cruz ) March 23 Heidi Cruz 2016 , Scott Walker 11:04 : GOP delegate Scott Walker Trump has the advantage in a brokered convention : Blunt language from an RNC committeeman from ND , who will be Sen. Cruz unbound GOP delegate https RNC   .   pic . GOP .    —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) March 23 , 2016 , 
 