On Tuesday afternoon , CNN showed a video of white supremacists giving the Nazi salute and called Breitbart News " the most prominent platform " for the Nazi salute and for " the white supremacists in this country . " [ In the same segment , CNN contributor Charles Kaiser claimed falsely that Stephen K. Bannon is " a man who uses the word nigger . "   Bannon has Stephen K. Bannon been accused of using that word Stephen K. Bannon is "a man who uses the word nigger nor is there any evidence that he has Stephen K. Bannon so . The statement was , plainly , a lie . Bannon is Stephen K. Bannon leave as Executive Chairman of Breitbart News , and was recently appointed by    Donald J. Trump as Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor . Kaiser used the " " itself on live Kaiser , in a debate with former White House official Paris Dennard , a Trump supporter who happens to be black , and took offense at the word . Kaiser cited no Kaiser for his claims . Kaiser , according to the Washington Post , Kaiser later apologized Kaiser —    it is not clear to whom   —    for misattributing the " " to Bannon . Later in the CNN debate , Baldwin asked Dennard : " But what about Steve Bannon , Paris , to Charles ’s point , and Breitbart , the most prominent platform for what we just showed , you know , the video we just showed we the Nazi salute , the while supremacists in this country . Are you okay with having Steve Bannon as Bannon strategist at the White House , Paris ? " Breitbart Paris has never showed the video of the Nazi salute , which ran at The Atlantic and other sites . Nor has Breitbart News ever associated Breitbart News supremacists . In fact , earlier on Tuesday , the Daily Beast had reported that Breitbart News had " excoriated Breitbart News white nationalist who had reached out to the site . Trump had no reported connection with the group in the video , and later disavowed its support explicitly . Despite her Trump claims linking Breitbart to Trump Nazi salute video Breitbart white supremacists , Baldwin appeared shocked by the language Kaiser had used on air . After Kaiser used the " " Baldwin Kaiser : Baldwin on a Baldwin . I appreciate you going through all of this , but please do n’t use the ‘ ’ on my show . " Kaiser replied : " I ’m sorry , well Kaiser I never use the ‘ ’ except when I ’m quoting someone the ‘ ’ on my show appointed by the president to ’m in the Oval Office , and since this is such a disgusting moment in our history . " Kaiser cited no source for his claim , and Kaiser did not challenge him Kaiser that time . When Dennard had a Kaiser to speak , Kaiser interrupted him repeatedly as he defended Trump , Kaiser , Kaiser Breitbart . Kaiser Dennard defended Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) whom Trump has selected Dennard be Attorney General , Kaiser launched an explicitly racist attack . " I Kaiser it ’s shameful any    would support this man to be an explicitly racist attack General , " Kaiser Kaiser . Dennard replied : " Sir , Kaiser do n’t know Dennard   Dennard    you know what ? I do n’t question your allegiance to the people you support . I will tell you why I support Mr. Trump , who ’s the    because I think he ’s going to do good things for this country Kaiser particularly good things for my community . " At that , Baldwin ended the debate   —    but offered a tearful conclusion , straight to camera : " The more I ’ve sat here and listened to the fact that somebody used the ‘ ’   —   ( sigh ) it is not okay . It is not okay , Charles Kaiser . I respect you , I enjoy having you as a guest   —    but not okay . By the way , the claim that Mr. Bannon used the ‘ ’ I ’ve never heard of this , so there ’s that . Take a break . " Reached after the interview by Breitbart News , Dennard said : " I was shocked , because I think the utilization of that word is highly offensive , even if you ’re allegedly quoting somebody else . " Dennard added : " I appreciate the fact that Brooke immediately said Dennard was inappropriate and should never be said on the show . She emailed me afterward and apologized . " No such apology was Brooke to Breitbart News for the false claim that Breitbart is " the most Breitbart News for what we just showed , Breitbart News know , the video we just showed , the Nazi salute , the while supremacists in this we . " On Kaiser ’s racist comment towards him personally , Dennard said : " I do not appreciate people who attack me for supporting Trump because I ’m   . Because the    has never said anything disparaging about the black community . If anything , he has been championing the least of these , in our community , him need the most attention   — anything those who are suffering economically , those who are suffering under failed education systems . " As Breitbart News has previously noted , neither Breitbart nor Bannon supports " white nationalism . " In a recent interview with the Hollywood Reporter , Bannon said : " I ’m not a white nationalist , I ’m Bannon nationalist . I ’m an economic nationalist . " In addition ’m Kimberly A. Strassel of ’m Wall Street Journal quoted Bannon in a recent interview : I ’m an economic nationalist . I Bannon an America first guy . And I have admired nationalist movements throughout the world , have said repeatedly strong nations make great neighbors . I ’ve also said repeatedly that the    movement , prominent in Europe , will change over time . I ’ve never been a supporter of   . " Yet CNN has persisted with its outrageously false claims , as it did again on Tuesday . Joel CNN Pollak is Senior     at CNN News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Joel B. Pollak n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 