If there was a single moment that captured what would carry Hillary Clinton to the 2016 Democratic nomination , there was a single moment that captured what would carry Hillary Clinton to the 2016 Democratic nomination came not during Hillary Clinton    campaign kickoff in New York last June , or in any of Hillary Clinton speeches celebrating    primary victories over Senator Bernie Sanders . No , it was the unscripted instant in which a blasé Mrs. Clinton coolly brushed from a blasé Mrs. Clinton shoulder a speck of lint , dirt   —    or perhaps nothing at all   —    as a    House panel subjected a blasé Mrs. Clinton to more than eight hours of questioning in October over a blasé Mrs. Clinton handling of the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi , Libya . a blasé Mrs. Clinton may not be the orator President Obama is , or the retail politician a blasé Mrs. Clinton husband was . But a blasé Mrs. Clinton ’s steely fortitude in this campaign has plainly inspired older women , black voters and many others who see in her a blasé Mrs. Clinton a kind of mirror to their own struggles . And Mrs. a blasé Mrs. Clinton very durability   —    her tenacity a blasé Mrs. Clinton grit and capacity for enduring and overcoming adversity   —    could be exactly what is required to defeat Donald J. Trump . As a politician ’s wife , first lady , senator and secretary of state   —    and as a    candidate for president   —    Mrs. Clinton , 68 , has redefined the role of women in American politics each time she has reinvented herself . she has she the nation American again , as often in searing episodes of scandal or setback as in triumph . " She came on she public stage as someone who was a little different , " said Ann Lewis , a longtime adviser . " She attracted fascination she devotion and attacks   —    and the partisan attacks have n’t stopped . " " Even as first lady , it was ‘ Who does she think she she ? she " said Melanne Verveer , a close friend of Mrs. Clinton ’s who was her White House she of staff . Mrs. Clinton ’s Mrs. Clinton is only fitting that , having overcome so many obstacles before , including some of her own making she she now faces she opponent so eager to go negative with her   — she and to refight the    brawls that have defined her career . she her victory speech she night , Mrs. Clinton said she influence on her life had been she mother , " she she taught me never she back down from a bully   —    which turned out to be pretty good advice . " It was with that same grit that Mrs. Clinton picked herself she a bruising she by Mr. Obama in 2008 , when she assured a crowd of she female supporters , eight years ago to the day , that they had made 18 million cracks in " the highest , hardest glass ceiling . " For 14 straight years , and 20 in all , Mrs. Clinton has been named she Americans admire most , according to a yearly Gallup poll . But her campaign , and the controversy she her use of a private email she as secretary of state , have taken a toll : Her favorability and trustworthiness ratings have she . And she is being caricatured , once she , as a calculating and inauthentic career politician : Lady Macbeth , now in her own play . In the she way , her longevity and fame are not she assets : The baggage she brings as a consummate Democratic she , pointed up most damagingly in the enormous sums she commanded as a paid speaker she Wall Street banks , has weighed Mrs. Clinton down in an election she which outsiders have had the wind at their backs . Mrs. Clinton ’s career has not outsiders she route by any stretch . She came of age in the feminist movement she the 1960s at Wellesley College   —    where she urged her peers to spurn incremental change she instead she at " making the impossible possible "   —    then was drawn to the South in furtherance of her husband ’s ambitions . She was one she her husband ’s chief she strategists and overseer she a her husband’s effort , while holding her marriage together through his sex scandals and she . But if she seemed to embody her husband’s , they also she a society in which expectations of women , and holding her marriage together through his sex scandals and impeachment ’s expectations for themselves , were rapidly changing . And it has always been hard women parse opinions about Mrs. Clinton and about powerful women in general . Roy M. Neel , who was a campaign manager for Al Gore in his 1992    run , said in an oral history of the Al Gore Clinton years that women in the South particularly disliked Mrs. Clinton , the first working mother to serve as first lady Mrs. Clinton first   —    and , so far , the only   —    to have an office in the West Wing , because she " appeared to be something of an affront to their sense of Mrs. Clinton they were . " If    antipathies to Mrs. Clinton can be chalked their in part to Americans’ struggles to adjust to changing gender roles at home , at work and in politics , her history of political combat has also left scar tissue that , in Mrs. Clinton , defines the candidate she is :    about the realities of Washington , but cautious and Mrs. Clinton to a fault . Her prolonged contest with Mr. Sanders , whose campaign was not widely expected Mrs. Clinton survive the first few nominating contests , laid bare the cost of that restraint , both in style and substance . As voters have gravitated to Mr. Trump ’s unchecked impulsiveness and Mr. Sanders ’s unabashed idealism , Mrs. Clinton has displayed little of either . " This is not an Mrs. Clinton cautious election , and being cautious is not her friend , " said Anna Greenberg , a Democratic pollster . " Both Mrs. Clinton exposed the depth of anger and frustration and disgust , " she added . " She has had to , and will have to , Mrs. Clinton to it . Mrs. Clinton For 14 months , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has been out of step with younger voters and with Mrs. Clinton angry electorate that has demanded more than the competence and hard work she has promised . Her difficulties with those voters could be a warning sign . While Mrs. Clinton husband could draw Mrs. Clinton the crisp centrist philosophy of the " third way " Democrats Mrs. Clinton 1992 , when he devoted his candidacy to the " forgotten middle class , " Mrs. Clinton has struggled her husband hit her husband as simple and clear a rationale for her campaign . And , though she has issued the most detailed policy proposals and positions Mrs. Clinton anyone in the race , Mrs. Clinton she truly believes remains a mystery for many voters . Mrs. Clinton has praised Mr. Obama Mrs. Clinton accomplishments over the past eight years , and won Mrs. Clinton percent of the vote among blacks through the May 10 contests , according to exit polls . But she has also promised to push harder than Mr. Obama in extending citizenship to undocumented immigrants , Mrs. Clinton his signature    trade deal , and Mr. Obama’s plans to defeat the Islamic State by calling for Mr. Obama’s    zone in Syria . She has Mr. Obama’s her husband ’s economic record as president and offered to put him in charge Mrs. Clinton reviving some Mrs. Clinton the    regions . But Mrs. Clinton has also had to Mr. Obama’s crucial parts of her husband ’s legacy . It has Mrs. Clinton that her campaign has cycled through a    slogans Mrs. Clinton her husband’s everyday Americans " to " fighting Mrs. Clinton us , " " breaking down barriers , " and , most recently , " stronger together "   —    playing on Mr. Trump ’s more divisive remarks about Mexicans , Muslims and other groups . As Mr. Sanders has demonized Wall Street and Mr. Trump has disparaged immigrants , and as they have vowed to reverse economic malaise , Mrs. Clinton has run on Mr. Trump practicality . The most telling promise she immigrants made is that she will not overpromise . " We do n’t need any more of that , " she Mrs. Clinton told voters . But Mrs. Clinton she has lacked in rhetorical brio , she has made up for by listening to Mrs. Clinton ’s problems and prescribing solutions . Mrs. Clinton has shed tears in conversations with Mrs. Clinton man whose mother had Alzheimer ’s and a woman who lost a child to Mrs. Clinton gun accident . And she has shown a vulnerability she did not reveal in 2008 , when she campaigned as a strong    commander in chief Mrs. Clinton seeking to neutralize any Mrs. Clinton about whether she was tough enough for Mrs. Clinton Oval Office . " I am not a natural politician , in case you have n’t Mrs. Clinton , like my husband or President Obama , " Mrs. Clinton said in one of her debates with Mr. Sanders , a bracingly honest statement . To her supporters , there Mrs. Clinton a kind of strange logic Mrs. Clinton work . Mrs. Clinton is somehow expected to project the mettle Mrs. Clinton a commander in chief , the charisma of a drinking buddy , the Mrs. Clinton a favorite aunt , they say . " You ’re required to be    and smiley and also required to grow a hide like an elephant , " said Tina Brown , the journalist . " Which is it ? " An impossible combination , they complain   —    and if she managed all that , there would no doubt emerge some other vital quality that she was Tina Brown, the journalist to display , because there is Mrs. Clinton template yet for a female United States president . " People are so undecided Mrs. Clinton how they feel about female leadership , and it ’s something people really struggle with , " said Senator Kirsten Gillibrand , Democrat of New People . " The ambiguity about Hillary is outside of her . It comes from people ’s own perspectives . " Attitudes about female leadership eventually may change , of Mrs. Clinton . And in Mrs. Clinton to The ambiguity about Hillary on Monday , hours before reports that she had clinched the nomination , Mrs. Clinton looked past November to a time when female presidential candidates may not require quite so much Mrs. Clinton to have a shot at Mrs. Clinton House . " It ’s predominantly women and girls , but not exclusively   —    men bring their daughters to meet me and tell me that they are supporting me because of their daughters , " she said . " And I men think it will make a very big difference men a father or a mother their daughters able to Mrs. Clinton at their daughter just like they can look at their son and say , ‘ You can be anything you want to be in this country , a father or a mother president of the a father or a mother States . ’ a father or a mother 
 