Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     8:10 : Former RNC Chair Michael Steel says on MSNBC that " Armageddon will break out " on the floor of the RNC convention if the establishment tries to steal the nomination from Trump . 8:08 : Neocons who want to continue George W. Bush ’s foreign policy against Trump .   8:00 : Just 50 tickets for GOP ’s Thursday ’s debate went to public . 7:57 : Bill Bennett : Reagan ’s Bill Bennett: Reagan : " Trump is winning fair and square , so why should the nomination from Trump be grabbed from him ? Bill Bennett: Reagan https :   .    —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) March 3 , 2016 ,   7:55 : Stephen Moore may endorse Trump Trump according to the Washington Post : Stephen Moore , a conservative economist and former member of The Wall Street Journal editorial board , said he is Stephen Moore an endorsement . " For me , Stephen Moore Trump represents a big expansion of the Republican Party , a way to bring in those    Reagan Democrats , " Moore said Stephen Moore " That ’s necessary if the party the Republican Party to win again . " 7:50 : Chris Matthews points out on Hardball that Bill Clinton disappeared from the campaign trail when Donald Trump up all of Clinton ’s dirty laundry Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton tried to Bill Clinton " war on women " card on him . Trump Romney and his , 7:45 : Trump Mitt Romney Trump be a " dealmaker " in new video : 7:30 : Seems like Rubio does n’t want to be a comedian after his Super Tuesday losses . Rubio :    forces panicking as they try to con donors out of millions to try to derail Trump . Trump ’s Dickerson say it is a " long shot " that Trump will Trump stopped : It ’s a long shot it There is definitely motivation . I asked someone involved in the    effortto rank the Republican panic on a scale of one to ten , and he said 11 . But someone involved in the   effortto rank the Republican panic on a scale of one to ten that panic requires politicians and party regulars to organize themselves quickly , and there politicians and party regulars no leader in this effort . It requires them to take a big politicians and party regulars . Normally they do n’t like to politicians and party regulars on the wrong side of public opinion . And there ’s no guarantee [ it will work ]   —    attacks from establishment could very well make Trump stronger . 7:16 : Herman Cain : . @THEHermanCain to GOP establishment : All this    rhetoric is dividing the party . Get over it . pic . twitter All this   rhetoric    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) March 2 , 2016 ,   7:10 : Romney already being ridiculed : There ’s like 20 things about this Mitt Romney vs Trump speech in Utah tomorrow that . make absolutely no sense to me .   —    Romney Gehrke ( @mikegehrke ) March 2 , 2016 ,   If this Mitt thing does n’t work Mitt Romney Dole is the only card Republicans have left to play .   —    Mike Gehrke ( @mikegehrke ) March 2 , 2016 ,   6:40 : Trump Blasts Romney , Rubio : Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama . ( )   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me . ( )   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   . @CNN poll just hit 49 % for Trump . Interesting how my Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty . Love it !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   6:30 : CNN Report : Cruz considered dropping out if he lost Texas : Ted Cruz would have seriously Cruz out of the Republican presidential race had he lost his home state of Cruz on Cruz Tuesday , his Texas ’s chief strategist told Cruz Wednesday . In a detailed    call with several dozen donors , Jason Johnson said that Cruz himself was comfortable stepping aside Cruz had lost Texas . 6:20 : Cruz CNN , Texas Jason Chaffetz ( ) actually said that Mitt Romney is not a " " politician with a straight face . How stupid does he think voters are ? After a Mitt Romney like that , nothing he says after will be taken seriously Mitt Romney 5:48 : Huge enthusiasm gap : 3 million fewer Dems have voted in the   first 15 states compared to 2008 , as GOP turnout surges . https :   .    —    Nick Confessore ( @nickconfessore ) March 2 , 2016 ,   5:44 : deBlasio introducing Clinton : NYC Mayor Bill Deblasio cheers on Hillary Clinton takes shots at Donald Trump@fox5ny pic . twitter .    —    Sharon   Crowley ( @sharoncrowleyny ) March 2 , 2016 ,   5:43 : Paul Ryan spokesman : " We have heard from the campaign but the two have not yet spoken . We expect the speaker to be in We with all the remaining candidates soon to discuss our efforts to build a bold conservative We agenda for 2017 . " 5:41 : Rubio in Michigan : Crowd at Rubio ’s Macomb County rally much smaller Rubio large one he had in western Mich. last week Rubio # 2016 ,   —    David Eggert ( @DavidEggert00 ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Rubio wraps up    speech . Spent Rubio ripping Trump , then got into standard stump remarks # 2016 ,   —    David Eggert ( @DavidEggert00 ) March 2 , 2016 ,   5:40 : In what will surely sway Trump ’s Republican supporters , the liberal Los Angeles Times editorial board declares that Trump is " unfit " to be Trump . 5:35 : New York Magazine : More Bad News for Marco Rubio : He Just Lost the Support of Fox Marco Rubio , In his role as the donor class ’s Marco Rubio , Marco Rubio has enjoyed support from the Marco Rubio arm , Fox News . Throughout the primary , Fox Fox News with friendly interviews and key Marco Rubio , Marco Rubio the first    response to Barack Obama ’s Oval Office address on ISIS . Many of the network ’s top pundits , including Stephen Hayes and Charles Krauthammer , have been enthusiastic boosters . Bill Sammon , Fox ’s Washington managing editor , is the Marco Rubio of Rubio ’s communications director , Brooke Sammon . But this alliance now seems to be over . According to three Fox sources , Fox chief Roger Ailes has Marco Rubio people he Marco Rubio lost confidence in Rubio ’s ability Marco Rubio win . " We ’re Rubio Rubio , " Ailes recently told a Fox host . Rubio We ca Fox chief Roger Ailes do Marco Rubio Rubio thing anymore . " We : Michigan Poll : Rubio + 10 , 5:25 : Not having a good Super Tuesday and hurling desperate insult after insult may cause Rubio to lose his voice : Rubio lost his voice Rubio really the Rubio time . Rubio so his voice to his usual energy .   —    Tal Kopan ( Rubio ) March 2 , 2016 ,   5:22 : Rubio does n’t think his " personal attacks " did Rubio backfire on Trump Rubio " they ’re not personal attacks . He ’s been personally attacking people   …     " Rubio says he does n’t think Trump will secure enough Rubio to Rubio the nomination and accuses Trump of being a con man . 5:20 : Trump Rubio bringing in more voters to the GOP : Why ca n’t the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the    are creating a larger , stronger party !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   5:19 : Chuck Todd points out that Trump ’s strength in the key swing exurban counties should worry Clinton in a potential general election . ABC News last night on Trump ’s Cracker    Foods coalition : Super Tuesday provided convincing Trump Trump ’s appeal extends across Cracker Barrel territory and well into Whole Trump , to borrow a phrase used by FiveThirtyEight . com . Two states where Trump romped    —    rolling up some of his biggest margins yet Trump —    tell that story . Massachusetts is Two states where Trump romped   —    New England state that ’s the fifth wealthiest in the nation . Alabama is a Southern state that ’s the fifth poorest . On Tuesday , they formed unlikely poles holding up a broadening Trump tent . 5:15 : Kasich : Maybe Rubio is taking votes away Trump me : John Kasich ’s response when I asked him about claims he Kasich votes away from Rubio in VA and elsewhere John Kasich’s & gt John Kasich’s . twitter .    Rubio    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) March 2 , 2016 ,   5:10 : Trump adviser Huckabee Sanders : Voters supporting Trump because they want to destroy the "   Street axis Trump power " and Trump adviser Huckabee Sanders: Voters supporting Trump because they want to destroy the "  Street axis of power" and Trump is the only person who can shake things up is the only person who can shake things up . Trump : On CNN , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , Trump CNN Trump adviser , says this is an " election " and Trump a selection process . " She accuses Trump in the establishment of fearing that they are " losing control " because Trump is Trump their handpicked guy . people hopes Trump GOP establishment follows the lead GOP the people . She says Trump to the establishment of fearing that they are "losing control" because Trump is not their handpicked guy is Trump unifying the party is bogus when he won Trump like Massachusetts and the Republican Party two different demographics . She says Trump has Trump himself with Massachusetts great Alabama , takes in a lot of information , and makes his own Trump after processing all of it . She says Trump ’s exactly what people should want in an executive . She says Trump who are saying they wo n’t vote for Trump dislike Trump even more and they will eventually come around . Republicans : Hannity : Rubio Clinton a ‘ pawn’ for the Republicans : Hey Marc,@marcorubio is now pawn for establishment . Sad to me . Trump ’s the establishment of fearing that they are "losing control" because Trump is not their handpicked guy I knew .   https :   .    —    Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Rubio World has a new enemy : Sean Hannity . Staffer : " what a fucking asshole . He lets Trump trash Trump for months Hannity: Rubio now a ‘pawn’ for the establishment     .   —    Marc Caputo ( @MarcACaputo ) Staffer: "what a fucking asshole 2 , 2016 ,   4:39 : Murdoch : GOP would be " mad GOP not to unify around Trump if Trump becomes nominee : As GOP , Trump reaching Trump to make peace with Republican " establishment " .   If he becomes inevitable party would GOP mad not to unify .   —    Rupert Murdoch ( @rupertmurdoch ) March 2 , 2016 ,     4:33 : Updated Super Tuesday delegate count : Updated GOP Super Tuesday delegate totals GOP Trump 243Cruz 220Rubio 101Kasich 21Carson 3 ,   —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) March 2 , 2016 ,   4:27 : Breitbart ’s Spiering : In Miami , @marcorubio fans struggle with the rise of Trump   —    https :   .    —    Trump ( @charliespiering ) March 2 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Sanders said he needs a haircut , . @BernieSanders tells crowd he needs a hair cut . " I need to take Sanders of that " he says pulling at the Sanders of his hair # portlandme ,   —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) Sanders 2 , 2016 ,   3:59 Sanders Interesting comments from noted Trump critic Trump Castellanos : " I think if Trump is Trump to be the nom   …      then we as Republicans should pitch in to make sure that Clinton is not elected "   —    Caitlin    ( @CHueyBurnsRCP ) March 2 , Clinton ,   " I think it would be harmful to the country for Republicans to change the rules after the game has been played , " Alex Castellanos tells me ,   —    Caitlin    ( @CHueyBurnsRCP ) March 2 , 2016 ,   3:55 Alex Castellanos says he has he had a " very nice conversation with Dr. Ben Carson " Kasich says Kasich " Kasich his head high " and is " a very good man . " Kasich asks the Kasich to give Carson a round of applause . 3:48 : After nearly Kasich , 000 Massachusetts Democrats left the party to become Republicans Dr. Ben Carson independents —   most likely because of Massachusetts   and Trump won Trump ’s GOP primary in dominant fashion GOP night , Massachusetts GOP Gov. Charlie Baker says GOP wo n’t vote for Trump in Trump . 3:35 : Massachusetts appealing to Democrats : At Kasich event in Grand Blanc Massachusetts GOP Gov. Charlie Baker Mich. man introducing Kasich speaks Kasich his Mich. appeals , asks Kasich here to raise hands ( four do ) Kasich   — Kasich Ben Gittleson ( @bgittleson ) March 2 , 2016 ,   3:32 : Sanders appeals to Michigan workers by highlighting his opposition to Michigan    Partnership deal . It ’s an argument that may Sanders for Trump as Trump .   Sanders : Now Romney is trying to a tough guy : DINOSAURS LUMBER : Mitt Romney is holding a press conference tmrw .   Will Candy @CandyCrowley get the first question ?   —    Laura Romney @IngrahamAngle ) March 2 , 2016 ,   3:22 : Impact of Carson vote : Carson was consistently winning   % of the vote in primaries . If those voters break towards one candidate Dr. Ben Carson it has Dr. Ben Carson impact on race ,   —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) March 2 , 2016 ,   3:02 : those voters break towards one candidate still very popular : A Carson endorsement could be meaningful : he still has the highest favorability rating in GOP field Dr. Ben Carson    in GOP national CNN Dr. Ben Carson .   —    Adam Dr. Ben Carson ( @AdamWollner ) March 2 , 2016 ,   2:55 : Trump , not Sanders , revolutionizing politics : Voter turnout shows @realDonaldTrump   —    not @BernieSanders   —    leading a revolution https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) March 2 , 2016 ,   2:52 : Greg Abbott making case for Cruz : . @GovAbbott : Voters will gravitate towards the true conservative @tedcruz . pic . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) March 2 , 2016 ,   2:45 : What to expect in Romney ’s speech : On @MSNBC , @kasie reports Romney remarks tomorrow to include praise for Rubio , Kasich   Cruz focus on Romney the Rubio , criticize Trump , Trump — Romney Jesse Kasich ( @JesseRodriguez ) March 2 , 2016 , Cruz 2:30 : Establishment seems angry today : Marco Rubio lost big last night . I even beat Rubio Virginia , where he spent so much time and Rubio . Now his bosses Rubio desperate and angry !   —    Donald Rubio Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Actually , could be interesting what @MittRomney has to say . Jump in ? Endorse ? Block Trump , and brokered convention ? Rant ? Switch to Hillary ?   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 2 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Top former Romney adviser Fehrnstrom : GOP leadership could make more GOP by supporting Trump : Trump There are Republicans opposing Trump , Trump they Fehrnstrom you look at the voting , " Eric Fehrnstrom , a Republican consultant who was a senior adviser to Romney ’s campaign , GOP leadership in an interview . " The party leadership could make more progress if they focused on building bridges instead of Romney . " Fehrnstrom noted that Romney won six of 10 contests on Super Tuesday four years ago . In the Super The party leadership contests that took place this week , The party leadership Super Romney of 11 states . " What usually happens right now is the party rallies behind the presumptive nominee , " Fehrnstrom said . " I suspect that will happen , but it looks like the process will take itself a bit longer to work out . " 2:17 : According Fehrnstrom Josh Newby , Floridians , especially in Pensacola , are excited about Trump , Trump to Pensacola the process editor Josh Newby . He has not seen too many Rubio signs or watch parties while Trump is Trump to veterans and evangelicals , he says on MSNBC Rubio 2:15 : MSNBC ’s Craig Pensacola Magazine editor Josh Newby has been reporting and anchoring from Ohio . He says Democrats seem to be holding their noses and voting Pensacola Magazine editor Josh Newby Clinton and clearly sees a lack MSNBC on the left eight years after Obama galvanized so   Clinton MSNBC’s Craig Melvin the polls . 2:13 : Ben Democrats releases statement : He ’ll discuss more about the future of his movement at CPAC on Friday . Ben Carson statement Dr. Ben Carson sees no path forward Dr. Ben Carson his campaign , confirms he will skip Dr. Ben Carson ’s GOP debate pic . twitter Dr. Ben Carson —    Bradd Dr. Ben Carson ( @BraddJaffy ) March 2 Dr. Ben Carson 2016 ,   Dr. Ben Carson   —    Ben Carson bombshell . He will not attend Thursday ’s presidential debate —   BUT he is not suspending , at least until he speaks at CPAC . SCOOP Dr. Ben Carson BEN CARSON will tell supporters today that he does not Dr. Ben Carson " path forward , " will not Dr. Ben Carson Thursday debate https :   . Dr. Ben Carson    Robert Costa CPAC @costareports ) Dr. Ben Carson 2 , 2016 ,   1:28   —    Details on Romney ’s speech ( via AP ) : 1:17   —    Looks like Kasich is behind Rubio ’s    Virginia finish : Kasich ’s    Virginia    were Romney areas Kasich     towns Rubio : pic . twitter . Kasich —    Greg Giroux ( @greggiroux ) March Virginia , 2016 ,   1:13 Virginia    140 characters or less oppo dump . Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio . Check out his credit card scam , his house sale   his no show voting !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   1:04   —    Fox News reports lightweight Senator Marco Rubio Romney will make a lightweight Senator Marco Rubio major speech " lightweight Senator Marco Rubio in Utah regarding the presidential race . 1:01   —    Via the Guardian : Trump dominates Trump Texas border Romney proposed wall would be built . 12:55   —    Trump vs the race special interests and people who control our politicians ( puppets ) are spending $ 25 million on misleading and fraudulent T. V. ads on me .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   12:36   —    Via Politico , Democrat strategists say Hillary could be underestimating Trump : Trump time to stop pointing and laughing at the Republican primary . For all the GOP   ’s flaws , many GOP are beginning to conclude , Donald Hillary is Trump operator who just might end up in the White House if they ’re not careful . He appears to be Trump the code with white    voters who could help him put blue Rust Trump states in play against Hillary Clinton . He ’s helping to Trump record turnout in GOP primaries and many veteran Democrats ’s mastered the Trump GOP no Clinton recent memory , with his constant feeding of Trump to cable TV and his    missiles on Trump . " It ’s fair to say there ’s been a graveyard already out there of people underestimating him , " said Trump Sosnik , a former Bill Clinton White House adviser . " And I am old enough to remember the sort of Democratic intelligentsia that was hoping Clinton would be nominated by Republicans in 1980 because everyone knew he was a doddering old Sosnik " So there is some danger to underestimating his candidacy , " Sosnik said . " Having said that , I have enough confidence in the judgment of the American people to never elect someone like Donald Trump Ronald Reagan of Trump States . " 12:30   —    Kasich misses an event in Michigan : Kasich misses MI town hall after Ronald Reagan troubles . Michigan has 7 MI public appearances in next Kasich days , including FNC GOP debate Kasich Detroit Thurs ,   — GOP SPIEGEL ( Kasich ) March 2 , 2016 ,   12:23   —    Clinton campaign outraised by Sanders again : The @HillaryClinton campaign is out with Feb fundraising totals and as expected they are n’t as big as Bernie ’s . pic . twitter .    Sanders    Tamara Keith ( @tamarakeithNPR ) March 2 , 2016 ,   12:15   —    Rubio casts an early ballot in Florida : The Florida Republican , accompanied by his wife Jeanette Rubio , arrived at the West Miami The @HillaryClinton campaign Commission to cast his ballot for the Florida primary ’s early voting . Reporters were not allowed to enter the polling center and they could not see Florida actually cast Florida ballot . Although , a Rubio staffer rushed to retrieve his wallet after because he did n’t have his official identification the Republican primary   —    Fox News his to correct the record on his network ’s treatment of the GOP candidates . Not once at @FoxNews   The Florida Republican, accompanied by his wife Jeanette Rubio    GOP 1999   —    an early ballot in Florida ever heard any editor or manager ever direct anyone to a Rubio staffer or disadvantage any a Rubio staffer .   — a Rubio staffer James Rosen ( a Rubio staffer ) March 2 , 2016 ,   There ’s no bias at @FoxNews against Fox News reporter @tedcruz @marcorubio or anyone else ! But if believing ( and tweeting ) so gratifies   …       —    James Rosen ( @JamesRosenFNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:36   —    Redskins player : I ’m ‘ off the Trump bandwagon’    11:28   —    Recriminations begin ? Goldman Sachs Puts Its Only Trump Donor On Administrative Leave : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Daily Caller ( @DailyCaller ) March 2 , 2016 ,    11:05   —    Democrat turnout way DOWN Republican turnout way UP ’m Look at these massive turnout figures . Dems WAY down . GOP is WAY up Goldman Sachs pic . twitter .    GOP    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,     11:00   —    Tavis Smiley : Black America could get on Trump train , For many WAY up to say that , at the moment , at least , Trump is no Romney . Trump , there is no reason to believe that if he is his party ’s nominee , Donald Trump would n’t make Trump play for black voters . Who knows how much he might skim ? Romney a Trump election , it might not take much .    Black America   Romney    Establishment moving from Rubio to Cruz ? Cruz is winning states . Rubio is not ( at all ! ) . Cruz has beaten Trump . Rubio has not Rubio Trump will have more delegates . Obvious case Rubio Cruz .   —    Cruz Douthat Cruz @DouthatNYT ) March 2 , Rubio ,     10:34   —    SCORCHED Cruz : Rubio Super PAC runs KKK ad against Cruz in Missouri . Where were Trump Barack Obama Cruz   10:32   —    SCORCHED EARTH : Web ad from conservative group slams Trump as racist . Where were these ads Trump Barack Obama ?    10:05   —    First Read : " Given the split field , you have to like Trump ’s chances in Florida and Ohio " Trump Republican best positioned to stop Trump in Florida ( Rubio ) is someone Trump won just one state last night and finished third in delegates . And the Republican best positioned to stop Trump in Ohio ( these ads against Barack Obama won a Barack Obama Ohio has earned a total of just 23 delegates . Florida more , neither Rubio nor Kasich seem built Kasich win the nine contests   —    Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Hawaii , Idaho Ohio Rubio DC Kasich with this maybe being the one exception )   Michigan    between now and The Republican .    9:36   —    Daily News still in    mode :    9:19   —    This coming Saturday March 5 , and Tuesday March 8 , eight states and Puerto Rico vote in the GOP primary . Here are what the polls tell us   —    which is not much : Monday March 5 , Kansas   —    Trump + 12 , Kentucky    poll had Jeb Bush + 1 , Louisiana    polls had Carson up + 4 , Trump up + 13 , Maine the Republican primary Last poll had Christie + 13 , Puerto Rico ( March 6 )   —    no polls ,    Tuesday March Dr. Ben Carson , Hawaii    polls , Idaho    polls , Michigan   —    Trump + 19 . 4 , Mississippi   —    Very Michigan poll has Trump + 7 ,    9:12   —    Bookmaker Pays Out Early on Trump Winning Republican Nomination , Paddy Power Betfair Plc , Ireland ’s largest bookmaker , is paying out 120 , 000 euros ( $ Puerto Rico 000 ) on Donald Trump winning the U. S. Republican presidential Trump Trump and Democrat Hawaii Clinton each won Idaho states Trump their way to commanding victories in Super Tuesday contests . " Since 1988 , the candidate to clean up on Super Tuesday has always gone onto win their party ’s nomination , " the    bookmaker said in    statement on Wednesday .    9:00   —    Podhoretz : " Here ’s how Rubio and Cruz can still take down Trump " So you ’re saying there ’s a Trump .    8:40   —     The Hill : " Clinton almost Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton each towards the Dem nomination after Super Tuesday " Hillary Clinton will walk away with Cruz majority of Super Tuesday delegates as she continues to march past Bernie Sanders toward the Democratic party Bookmaker . The Clinton of State has already won 457    Tuesday delegates , according to Clinton tally from The Associated Press , while Sanders had 286 . One hundred and    delegates were up for grabs as of    Wednesday morning , out of the 865 total pledged delegates awarded by Super Tuesday states . Super Tuesday   ’s Tom Brokaw mocks Rubio . TOM BROKAW   Super    @marcorubio " looked like a guy who was running for student council president who did n’t have a date to the prom " Rubio —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 2 , 2016 ,     8:35   — Bernie Sanders WaPo : " 1 million more people have voted in Republican primaries than Democratic ones "    8:30   —    On " MSNBC ’s " Morning Super , " The Weekly Standard ’s Bill Kristol admits he is prepared Tom Brokaw Hillary the Oval Office in order to defeat Trump .  
 Trump Hillary Bill Kristol 