Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump greeted over 7 , 000 supporters in Oklahoma and asked 7, 000 supporters in Oklahoma to get out and vote on Tuesday saying , " I promise 7, 000 supporters in Oklahoma will start winning again . " [ " 7, 000 supporters in Oklahoma ca n’t go another four more years , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " 7, 000 supporters in Oklahoma may not be able to bring it back . "   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump told the audience , ‘ I do n’t want your money , I want your vote , " and promised that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and those in Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump administration would negotiate hard for those in his administration . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump also promised , " those in his administration will make America great again . " The businessman from New York made a stop in Oklahoma City after being in Texas with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie earlier in the day . New Jersey Governor Chris Christie introduced him New Jersey Governor Chris Christie the rally and asked supporters for a "   win " in Oklahoma . The former GOP presidential candidate endorsed the Republican    on Friday , as reported by Breitbart News . Trump hit    contender Marco Rubio hard but called Ted Cruz " a smarter guy " and was much easier on him Ted Cruz Trump Trump " Little Rubio " for buying a $ 179 , 000 house and selling it to a lobbyist for over $ 300 , 000 . He Trump called the Florida senator a " " professor who is paid for that position , and charged that Rubio ’s wife serves on a board but does no work and cashes in . Trump Trump he Trump up 20 percentage points in the Sunshine State . Although he Trump Texas Senator Cruz " a smarter guy , " he Trump , but how do you defeat a sitting senator in Texas Texas He Trump his Trump question claiming , " They are going to have a very embarrassing time . " While the New Yorker strongly inferred that he Trump going to win in Cruz’ home state , polls conducted in Texas Texas averaged , show that Cruz has a 34 . 0 percent of voters in Texas Texas to Trump ’s 26 . 8 percent , as reported by Breitbart Texas The Monmouth poll has Cruz far Cruz at 38 percent . In that poll The Monmouth poll and Rubio are battling it out for Trump and Rubio place at 23 and 21 percent . Trump went on Trump and Rubio attack the trade deficits with China , Mexico , and Japan adding , the " greatest theft " has been by China and cited China 500 billion a year . Trump said that Trump and Rubio of " political hacks " negotiating for the country , China have Trump and Rubio who look out for America . He promised China Trump and Rubio nation would have China relationships with these countries . He told China, Mexico, and Japan these countries have no respect for China, Mexico, and Japan because we are not    we are " us traders . " us explained these " " deals are " destroying our country . " He pointed at other countries who are Trump millions of jobs from Americans and said the 25 percent unemployment rate was a " phony number . " Trump said he is # 1 in Trump polls Trump and has won all but one primary election but has spent the least amount of money . He said he would have a bidding Trump for Trump purchases , and for purchases of drugs and other medical needs . Trump called Cruz and Rubio " politicians Trump and claimed he was the strongest on immigration , Trump border , and amnesty . He charged that Rubio " is weak Trump amnesty , " and while " Ted is a little stronger    …      he is a little weak . " Trump presidential front runner claimed , " If I had not brought it up , it would not even The presidential front runner a subject The presidential front runner now . " He said he began talking about immigration Trump " Trump of a sudden , it became a mainstay [ of the immigration presidential primary ] . " Trump told the crowd that he has been endorsed by Arizona Sheriff Trump Arpaio , and added , " and that means that I have a very strong plan . " He promised , " We are going Trump build the wall , and Mexico is going to pay . " He said people can come into the Trump , but stressed , " Mexico to come in the country legally people legally . " He Mexico " certain politicians " Trump they wanted to bring thousands of folks in . people GOP presidential candidate warned about what is happening with immigrants in Sweden , Germany , Brussels , and America . He reminded the crowd about " Kate Trump was killed in San Francisco . " The crowd interrupted him again cheering , " USA the crowd about "Kate who was killed in San Francisco , USA ! " Protesters were removed twice during his speech but Trump took the opportunity Trump say there was a time when officers " acted more quickly . " He added they are " afraid to move " but Trump because Protesters are afraid to lose their pensions . He said Protesters supports police officers but Protesters , " Trump really Trump becoming a frightened country . " Trump said Cruz asked him about waterboarding , and told Trump rowdy crowd , Trump I think it is just fine . " He said they are beheading people and burning people in Trump , the rowdy crowd added , " and it is okay if you take it a few steps above . It is tough stuff it " He said the nation has a weakened military , and Trump have to take care of our veterans . He said we have " to knock we ISIS soundly Trump fast we " Trump promised to get rid of Common Core , and added , we are # 1 in cost per pupil but are we 30 in the world in education . He promised to repeal and replace Obamacare , and said Trump it will happen quickly . " When he said " We will protect the Second Amendment , Trump the crowd we chanted " USA , USA , USA ! " He quipped , " You people , you do like Trump guns . " As to his supporters Trump said , " they do n’t leave Trump . " At the end his supporters the rally he promised them , " I am going to be Trump greatest his supporters that God every created . " Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 
 Lana Shadwick 