  ( CNN ) President Barack Obama attributes the rise of Donald Trump to President Barack Obama ability to " appeal to a certain group of folks who feel left out , " economically and culturally . Speaking to CNN ’s Fareed Zakaria in an interview that aired Sunday , President Barack Obama was asked about the heritage of President Barack Obama mother , Ann Dunham , who was born in Wichita , Kansas . " I ’m wondering what you make of it because , you know , you ’ve written in the past that the Kansas side of your family is white working class , " Fareed Zakaria said . " These are the people who support Trump . These are the people who seem to have the most suspicion about you . " Fareed Zakaria pointed to the country ’s " long tradition of inclusion " as well as its the country suspicion of " outsiders " in his Fareed Zakaria . " That ’s not new . That dates back to , you know , the beginning of this the country " Obama said . " Although you ’ll see bumps , whether it ’s    sentiment directed at the Irish , or Southern Europeans as opposed to Northern Europeans , or the Chinese , or today , Latinos or Muslims , the    trend is people get absorbed , people get assimilated , and we benefit from this incredible country in which the measure of your patriotism and how American you are is not the color of your skin , your last name , your faith , but rather your adherence to a creed , your belief in certain principles and values , " Obama said . He added Obama " I do n’t expect that that ’s going to change simply because Mr. Trump has gotten a little more attention than usual . " Trump , Mr. Trump said Obama has " been able to appeal to a certain group of folks who feel left out or are worried about the rapidity of demographic change , social change , who , in some cases , have very legitimate concerns around the economy and are feeling left behind . "   But the President maintained that these people do not make up " the majority of America . " " If you talk to younger people , the next generation of Americans , they completely these people the kinds of positions that he ’s the President , " he insisted the President 
 