Washington ( CNN ) Businessman Donald Trump continued Businessman Donald Trump verbal attack against illegal immigrants on Wednesday , in an interview on CNN Tonight with Don Lemon .   Businessman Donald Trump has stirred up controversy in recent days for claiming " rapists " and " killers " are migrating over the United States’ southern border . Univision and NBC Universal have cut ties with the businessman , refusing to air the " Miss Universe " pageant the businessman partially owns as a result , and Macy ’s announced Wednesday Macy was also discontinuing the businessman clothing line . On Wednesday , Trump , who is a Republican presidential candidate , told Lemon the businessman was pulling the businessman facts from a Fusion article . Macy ’s dumps Donald Trump , " Well if you look at the statistics of people coming , you look at the statistics on rape , on crime , on everything coming in illegally into this country it ’s   ! " the businessman told Lemon , in a clip previewed on CNN ’s " Situation Room . "   " If you go to Fusion , you will see a story : About 80 % of the women coming in , you know who owns Fusion ? Univision ! Go to Fusion and pick up the stories on rape . It ’s unbelievable when you look at what ’s going on . So all I ’m doing is telling the truth , " Trump said . Lemon replied that the press stories are about women being raped , but not about criminals coming across the border . " Well , somebody ’s doing the raping , Don ! I mean somebody ’s doing it ! Who ’s doing the raping ? Who ’s doing the the raping " Trump asked . Trump sits at No . 2 among GOP presidential candidates in the latest    national poll . Trump told Lemon Trump is surprised only that Trump ’s trailing Jeb Bush , not that Trump ’s doing so well . " I do n’t get it . Trump ’s in favor of Common Core , extremely weak on immigration . Trump thinks people come over for love . I do n’t understand why Trump ’s in first place , " Trump said . " Maybe it ’s the Bush name . Last thing we need is another Bush Bush Bush will tell you , I ’m a little surprised Trump ’s in the position Trump ’s in . " Trump offers Trump praise for Obama 
 