  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton says Hillary Clinton takes full responsibility for Hillary Clinton decisions .   There ’s just one catch : Hillary Clinton says Hillary Clinton decisions were n’t the reason that Hillary Clinton lost to Donald Trump .   At Recode ’s Code Conference in California on Wednesday , the former Democratic presidential nominee was reflective , quick to crack jokes     and eager to cast blame . The more than       event marked the latest in a series of public appearances for Clinton in which Clinton explicitly took on the actions of those around Clinton and other external circumstances in explaining why Clinton lost on Election Day .   " I take responsibility for every decision I make     but that ’s not why I lost , " Clinton said .   Perhaps Clinton ’s most fresh and savage criticism on Wednesday was directed at the Democratic National Committee . Clinton went as far as to say that when Clinton became Clinton party ’s presidential nominee , Clinton inherited " nothing " from the Democratic National Committee .   " I ’m now the presidential nominee I inherit nothing from the Democratic Party , " Clinton the Democratic Party It was bankrupt , it was on the verge of insolvency , It data was mediocre to poor ,    It . I had to inject money into it     the DNC     to keep it    . " The sad state of    at the DNC , Clinton continued , was only the DNC     numerous efforts to influence the outcome of the presidential election . As Clinton has now said many times , the    of state again alleged that former FBI Director James Comey ’s decision on October 28 , 2016 , to send a letter to Congress about Clinton email controversy was simply devastating .   " I ca n’t look inside the guy ’s mind . He dumped that on me on October 28 , the guy I immediately start falling , " Clinton said .   And while Clinton repeated that it was a " mistake " to use a private email server during Clinton time at the State Department , Clinton also said that plenty of others     including the media     were complicit in fanning the flames .   In the new book that Clinton is currently working on , Clinton said : " I ’m just using everything that anybody else said about it besides Clinton to basically say : This was the biggest nothing burger     ever . " Watching the story about Clinton private email server explode was a " maddening " experience , Clinton said , as Clinton specifically called out The New York Times for its coverage of the issue .   " They The New York Times it like it was Pearl Harbor , " Clinton said . it Clinton also described the attention around Clinton paid speeches to Goldman Sachs as having been blown out of proportion . Asked why Clinton insisted on addressing the big bank , Clinton challenged the moderators by asking : " Why do you have Goldman Sachs here ? " " Because they pay Goldman Sachs " a moderator answered .   the moderators They paid me , " Clinton responded .   Clinton the moderators to speak at the firm , Clinton said , was partly shaped by Clinton understanding of Goldman ’s role in the economy . " You know , men got paid for the speeches they made . I got paid for the speeches I men , " Clinton said . " And it was used , and I thought it was unfairly used . " Something else that worked it Clinton disadvantage ? The widespread perception that Clinton would win .   " I also think I was the victim of the very broad assumption that I was going to win , " Clinton said . " I never believed that . I always thought it was going to be a close election . "   Asked the unavoidable question     whether Clinton will run for president again     Clinton quickly answered , " No . "   But , she also added : " I won 3 million more Clinton than the other guy . " 
 