Washington ( CNN ) The White House says The White House ’s going to build a wall along the    border with new funding appropriated by Congress . But the improvements The White House plan to make to existing fencing are nothing past administrations have n’t done . Former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama are the ones responsible for improving border security in places like Sunland Park , New Mexico . In fact , the project to improve the fence in Sunland Park began in summer 2016 , prior to President Donald Trump taking office . " This particular wall came from the George W. Bush administration , " Daphne Griffin , who works for a restaurant in Sunland Park , told CNN , adding that it This particular wall common knowledge . " It ’s not unusual to see the This particular wall fixed . " In October 2006 , George W. Bush signed the Secure Fence Act of 2006 . George W. Bush and Obama would go on to approve new and improved construction to border walls and fences spanning from Texas to California throughout their presidencies He and Obama   However , at a White House briefing Tuesday , budget director Mick Mulvaney pointed to photographs of a    fence and referred to it as the old US border wall . " This does n’t stop drugs and does n’t stop criminals from crossing the border , " Mulvaney said budget director Mick Mulvaney " In fact , it does This stop hardly anything from crossing the border the border When asked about where the site in the photo was , Mulvaney said budget director Mick Mulvaney " budget director Mick Mulvaney n’t know where it ( was where the site in the photo was being built . "   CNN has learned the site is the site in the photo Park , which borders the small town of Juarez , Mexico . Mulvaney claimed budget director Mick Mulvaney wall was going up because " the President wants to make this country safe . Mexico Mulvaney and budget director Mick Mulvaney House press secretary Sean Spicer both pointed out the    fence that they claimed was a part both the border barrier on the    border . However , workers and law enforcement tell CNN the fence is actually just the   fence that they claimed was a part of the border barrier on the   border of the construction site that was put up for safety purposes .   Before the temporary fence was there , the   fence that they claimed was a part of the border barrier on the   border steel fence stood in its place , but was taken down for the temporary fence was there , hence the project to improve the wall . 
 