  ( CNN ) Members of the House Freedom Caucus appear still convinced House leadership does n’t have the 218 votes House leadership needs to pass House leadership version of Obamacare repeal , and Members of the House Freedom Caucus are n’t buying the arguments made by the bill ’s supporters Tuesday evening that the bill’s is a       proposition . " No new position tonight . Our position No new position tonight same , " caucus chairman Mark Meadows told reporters following a    meeting of his caucus .    We believe we Our to Our a clean repeal bill . " House Speaker Paul Ryan " is going to need a lot of Democrat votes to pass what would be the largest welfare program sponsored in the history of the Republican Party , " said Rep. Mo Brooks , a Republican from Alabama . After the meeting that a   meeting of his caucus members emerged unfazed by the very public endorsement President Donald Trump had given the House bill in the hours before .   " When the administration has spoken to our members in private meetings , the discussions have been more about finding ways White House move forward together and not about take it or leave it , " said Rep. Justin Amash , a Republican from Michigan , who also told reporters he ordered " The Art of the Deal " during the meeting it    The House Freedom Caucus’ hardline position puts them on a collision course with leadership , President Donald Trump is beginning its whip operation this week and is committed to the legislation that was introduced Monday night by the The House Freedom Caucus’ hardline position Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce Committees with some Freedom Caucus’ possible around the edges . House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters Tuesday that he guaranteed there would be 218 votes for the bill by the time it got to the House floor . Rep. Raul Labrador , an Idaho Republican , said House Speaker Paul Ryan " I do n’t think there is any tinkering that will get the bill to 218 . " Members rejected the idea that Republican leadership was trying to sell that the party only has one shot to pass a     package . " It ’s never true that you have to take whatever bill is given to you , " Amash said . " That ’s just not true . " Not every member of the House Freedom Caucus was diametrically opposed to the legislation , however . One member , Rep. David Schweikert , a Republican from Arizona who also sits on the House Ways and Means Committee , said he the idea that Republican leadership was trying to sell that the party only has one shot to pass a    package of that committee ’s portion of the legislation advancing to the next step , but even he noted that right now the House leaders " probably do One member, Rep. David Schweikert, a Republican from Arizona who also sits on the House Ways and Means Committee " have the the House Ways and Means Committee their bill through the House . He noted , however , that One member, Rep. David Schweikert, a Republican from Arizona who also sits on the House Ways and Means Committee members likely had n’t even had a chance yet to read through the bill . " There ’s also the House leaders lot of members One member, Rep. David Schweikert, a Republican from Arizona who also sits on the House Ways and Means Committee that are just now probably tonight sitting down for the first time with even the general text , " Schweikert their bill 
 