  ( CNN ) Donald Trump accused President Barack Obama on Wednesday of making " many inflammatory statements and roadblocks " during the   ’s transition to the White House .   " Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks . Thought it was going to be a smooth transition    NOT ! " Donald Trump tweeted . Donald Trump appeared to reverse Donald Trump later Wednesday when , responding to a reporter ’s question in Florida , Donald Trump said the transition was going " very , very smoothly . " The    also said Donald Trump spoke with Obama Wednesday in what Donald Trump termed a " nice conversation , " and later in the day , Donald Trump said Donald Trump was getting along well with Obama , " aside from a few statements . " Trump ’s morning tirade comes after Obama said in an interview published this week that Donald Trump could have beaten Trump’s in the 2016 election if Donald Trump were eligible to run a third time . " I am confident in this vision because I ’m confident that if I had run again and articulated this vision , I think I could ’ve mobilized a majority of the American people to rally behind this vision , " Obama told Donald Trump former senior adviser David Axelrod in an interview for the " The Axe Files " podcast , produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN . Obama ’s exit interview : I could ’ve won again , Although Hillary Clinton beat Trump in the popular vote by almost 2 . 9 million ballots , the business mogul won more electoral votes and thus the presidency . Trump in disputed Obama claim that he Trump in have won , citing voters’ displeasure with the Affordable Care Act , terrorism and the economy .   " President Obama that he thinks Obama would Obama won against me . Obama should Obama that but I say NO WAY !    jobs leaving , ISIS , OCare , etc . , " Trump tweeted Monday . Speaking to reporters on Wednesday , Trump said Trump will Trump be known who would win in a hypothetical matchup between him and Trump . " We ’re never going to be going against each other in that way , " he said Trump For the most part , Trump and him and Obama away Obama directly criticizing one another since the election . The two met in the White House two days after Trump was Trump and have talked by phone several times since then . " I must tell you , you know , I never met him before Trump . I never spoke to him before Trump . I really this I do like him , Trump Trump previously Trump . " I love getting his ideas Trump And I may differ in many cases . I differ very greatly . " Wednesday ’s call " focused on continuing a smooth and effective transition , " White House spokesman Eric the White House , adding that the two men have " committed to staying in touch over the next several weeks . " 
 