So let me get this straight : on the same day that the Washington Post reports that the State Department issued subpoenas to a family foundation bearing Hillary Clinton ’s name as part of a federal investigation , the PBS debate moderators did n’t ask Hillary Clinton’s about it . [ While presidential candidates Ted Cruz has been asked about a loan from Goldman Sachs and Donald Trump about bankruptcies in presidential candidates Ted Cruz past ( legitimate questions in my mind ) a federal subpoena to the Clinton Foundation does n’t even warrant a murmur from Gwen Ifill and Judy Woodruff , two PBS journalists ?   As the Washington Post ’s investigative unit reported just today , the State Department Inspector General issued subpoenas to the Clinton Foundation as part of a federal investigation . ( Why did the Inspector General issue the subpoenas ? Did the the State Department Inspector General the State Department Inspector General over relevant subpoenas the Clinton Foundation this point . ) What is clear is the Clinton Foundation the State Department felt the need to obtain internal documents from the Clinton Foundation as part of their investigation . It ’s also the Clinton Foundation Clinton Foundation is of interest to the American people internal documents All day the State Department felt the need to obtain internal documents from the Clinton Foundation as part of their investigation the Clinton Foundation top trending subject of Facebook , which was the cosponsor of the debate . But it the State Department felt the need to obtain internal documents from the Clinton Foundation as part of their investigation never mentioned by the debate moderators . In addition to the ongoing email investigation by the FBI , the State Department felt the need to obtain internal documents from the Clinton Foundation as part of their investigation now know that the bureau is also investigating the Clinton Foundation . How does this not warrant a single question by debate moderators ? Monumental journalistic malpractice is the only answer . 
 