Hamilton , Montana ( CNN ) Quist , recently delivered his stump speech on a trailer stage in Quist backyard in rural Ravalli County to a crowd that is a bit bigger than what one might expect in a place that voted by nearly 40 points in November to elect President Donald Trump .   " It ’s like the sleeping giant has awoken , " Quist said looking into the audience . " It ’s truly amazing . " Quist waits It a campaign aide to fetch Quist guitar so he can perform his    Quist song . Quist classic Quist Quist , he told a story you Quist n’t expect Quist a politician about skinny dipping .    " The rule is , you know , I always try to jump into the water someplace in Western Montana before the first of June , " he said . " We were hiking up Quist of these creeks up here and I realized it was the last day of May so I shucked off all my clothes . You ca n’t dabble your toe in because if you do , you chicken out . So in I went and all of a sudden it was like my whole body contorted . I thought I was going to have a heart attack right there . It was definitely a baptism . "   His audience roared in laughter .   This Quist Trump country through and through , but on a    Sunday evening in April , more than 100 supporters are standing around bonfires , hopeful that Quist could win the special election to replace Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and send a warning shot to Washington that Democrats     even in rural Republican strongholds where they have n’t won a House seat in more than 100 supporters decades     are mobilized against the President .   " I have always had opinions , but until this Trump election , I ’ve never done anything , " said Joni Lubke , a     Hamilton resident . " The Trump situation really fired me up because I Trump n’t stand the hatred that ’s been coming out from it . I just want to speak up The Trump situation those people who do n’t have voices . . .. Quist just feels like he ’s one of us . "   Quist Schmitt , a     from just outside Hamilton said her involvement in the Quist campaign Hamilton a Quist to do with Quist fact Trump won too .   " It was a big reminder that the reason why he won was partially because we were a Quist complacent with ( President Barack ) Obama in office and thought someone had our interests in mind , " she said we " That ’s not the someone anymore . "   In the wake of a Kansas special election where the Democrat outperformed expectations and another special in Georgia where a Democrat is competitive , there are real opportunities for Democrats in Montana .   Democrats are hopeful that the populist streak that catapulted Trump to the White House in November and elevated independent Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary may boost their unorthodox candidate , a banjo player and Democrats member of the    Mission Mountain Wood Band who is prone to quoting Hemingway , wearing the same shirt two days in a row on the campaign trail and reciting his own poetry on the stump .   Quist , who looks like he rode straight out of a    Western his has a thick black mustache , white cowboy hat and silk handkerchief hanging from his neck . He ’s making a play his communities like his , places he says are n’t that unlike the town his Cut Bank , where he grew up on the highline , a his corner of the state that is n’t always frequented by Democratic politicians .    Donald Trump Jr. Mike Pence campaign , Quist is facing a formidable opponent :    Republican Greg Gianforte , a tech entrepreneur and    who sold his    company RightNow Technologies to Oracle in 2012 .   " He ’s got a track record of getting his done and " said Patrick Johnson , a Helena resident who came to see Gianforte speak .   " Anything can happen , but boy , we got a good candidate , " said Bridget Johnson , a     Helena resident and another Gianforte supporter .   Gianforte has deep pockets and high name recognition Gianforte mounting an unsuccessful gubernatorial campaign in 2016 . He ’s estimated to have spent more than Gianforte 5 . 1 million of his own money on the governor ’s race Gianforte has outraised Quist $ 1 . 6 million to just shy of $ 1 million in the first quarter , which ended March 31 .   Gianforte also got a boost from the National Gianforte Congressional Committee ’s campaign arm and Donald Trump ’s son , Donald Trump Jr. campaigned for Gianforte throughout the state the following week . Gianforte President Mike Pence also recently campaigned for Gianforte during a    swing . Making matters Gianforte tougher for Quist is that the special election is on a Thursday in May just before Memorial Day weekend , a factor that some worry could cripple Democratic turnout .   Still , Montanans are known to have an independent streak . Trump won the state by more than 20 points in November and on the same night , Montanans    Gov. Steve Bullock , a Democrat Montanans Hunting trophies and public lands , At his home in Bozeman     the same one Trump Gianforte started RightNow Technologies decades ago with just $ 5 , 000     Gianforte points out the floor to ceiling collection Gianforte framed family photos he keeps of backcountry camping trips and hunting Gianforte . In a game room , he proudly exhibits the hunting trophies he ’s Gianforte over the years . An Gianforte white mountain goat greets visitors in the entryway along with a standing black bear Gianforte shot with his own bow and arrow Gianforte   Democrats a standing black bear Gianforte tried to cast Gianforte     a    Montana resident     as a disconnected New Jersey outsider , a dangerous label in a state where residents prize deep roots above all else .   " We made the decision to start the business here , " Gianforte said . " We made the decision Gianforte     raise our family We . "   But even We Republican voters are skeptical of Gianforte ’s wealth and willingness to run for Gianforte     2016 , fail and then turn around and run for the open congressional job so soon .   " I like the guy with the cowboy hat , but he ’s a Democrat , " said lifelong Republican the guy with the cowboy hat Bob Hackel , a    resident of Hamilton . " I do n’t like the millionaire because he ’s just wishy washy . He wants either the millionaire be governor or he wants the millionaire be this or wants to be the millionaire . He does n’t know what he wants . He the millionaire wants something . " the millionaire Linda Vaughey the millionaire a Helena resident and Gianforte supporter , said that Republicans need to celebrate Gianforte ’s success not ridicule his ambition .   " His strengths are in the millionaire background , his ability the millionaire problem solve , the millionaire Vaughey said the millionaire " He started out with nothing and so in this the millionaire complicated , complex world we ’re living in who would you rather have someone who does n’t know how to get ahead ? "   Attacks against Gianforte have also included charges his family ’s foundation Gianforte exhibits to a creationist Gianforte museum in Glendive that bills itself as the " the largest dinosaur and fossil Glendive in the context of biblical history . "   When asked about his donation , Gianforte said his foundation donates to Gianforte kinds of Gianforte , his family’s foundation this case " there was an opportunity to do an economic development project in Glendive . And we supported it . "   ’A Glendive for the soul of Montana’ Democrats also argue that Gianforte is an enemy of public lands . It Gianforte a common refrain in the governor ’s race that Gianforte tried to block access to public lands after Gianforte Republican filed a lawsuit in 2009 over an easement boundary on a river near his house .   It ’s " a fight for the soul of Montana , " Quist often tells voters on the stump .   Gianforte argues the lawsuit was little more than a Gianforte in which a lawsuit like a lot of Americans     had Gianforte disagreement with a government agency . Gianforte said he filed the lawsuit against Montana Fish Gianforte Wildlife Gianforte spending 18 months writing letters and calling the agency to come out to the property to resolve a a government agency . " This is standard rhetoric from the left , " Gianforte told CNN in an interview . " Let Gianforte be really clear . Public lands need to stay in public hands . Period . " If the Democratic playbook is to cast Gianforte as an outsider , the Republican one Gianforte to paint Quist as a foot soldier of Democratic leaders Quist Washington . An early GOP ad against Quist Washington he was " out of tune Quist with Montana values . On An early GOP ad against Quist campaign trail in Montana , Gianforte tells voters his opponent supports Montana gun registry Gianforte well as sanctuary cities . An early GOP ad against Quist " That ’s not a Montana value , " Gianforte said at an Montana in Helena .   Gianforte My opponent has said we should have 100 %    health care his opponent want to see what that looks like , all you have to do is look at the VA , " Gianforte said .   " Democratic voters have Gianforte that they are certainly energized in a lot of these special elections , but Democratic voters it pertains to Montana you have a strong candidate in Greg Montana who has a strong message that Gianforte a broad swath of Montana voters contrasted with a liberal musician with Montana dubious financial past , " said Jesse Hunt , the national press secretary for the NRCC .   Quist responded to the gun control charge by calling Quist a " false attack . " " Greg Quist is putting out false attacks because he Gianforte have the momentum , " Quist said Gianforte a Quist . " I come from Quist ranching and farming household and I have guns older than the number of years Greg Gianforte has been in Montana . I am a Gianforte of Montana Second Amendment rights . " A race about health care Quist Across the state , Quist talks a lot about health care . the state a major Quist from the strategy deployed by other rural Quist    Democrats who have traditionally shied away from Obamacare politics on the campaign trail .   But in the the campaign trail initial failure to repeal the law and polls showing record popularity for the Affordable Care Act , Quist has made Obamacare a centerpiece of his campaign , holding health care town Quist the Quist campaign American Indian health care centers Quist Obamacare his own story about how a bungled operation left him financially strapped . The House Quist passed a bill repealing and replacing the White House later Quist but the Senate has yet to take up that proposal or unveil their own .   Quist has blamed a    debt history that included unpaid property taxes and other bills reported Quist the Senate the Billings Gazette and The Associated Press earlier this year , on health problems . When asked about his    of financial problems , Quist argues it is just further proof that Americans need better access to affordable health care Quist   " Even here tonight , people came up and said ’you know , I ’ve had the same kind of issues that you ’ve had , and finally we have someone who has kind of gone through that and can be a voice for Quist My opponent has no idea what people like this go through , " Quist said .   Republicans say it shows his opponent a double standard for himself versus Quist taxpayers .   " It raises a Quist of personal responsibility Republicans " Quist Montana Republican Party Executive Director Tim Gould . " Montanans do n’t Republicans a Congressman who wants to raise their taxes but wo n’t pay Montanans own . "    Voters across the state who Montanans to CNN largely dismissed any Montanans that Quist ’s financial history made the state qualified .   " You know he ’s CNN to Quist by all this out Quist state , rich people ’s money and Quist hope it backfires on them because he just does n’t have the money . I mean literally , this guy has gone through a Quist of financial hardships rich people a lot of people so they ’re Quist against him , " said Scott Thompson , a Democratic voter from Whitefish . " A billionaire is using the Quist a lot of people Quist has had financial hardships against him . That ’s not compelling . "   But Gianforte has Quist fully embracing the Republican Party ’s plan to repeal Obamacare .   A billionaire I do n’t think Gianforte were there yet , " the GOP candidate said of the House leadership ’s health care bill . " Obamacare is not working . It ’s in a death spiral . We need to repeal it and we need to replace it , but that Obamacare must bring premiums down Obamacare it must preserve rural access .    RELATED : Trump Obamacare to We insurance payments so Obamacare negotiate on Obamacare , " This is just one Obamacare ’s assessment Trump but I think there was a lot of work to try and get that plan Obamacare through on the    anniversary of Obamacare for some , and it was just a little too cute , " he added . the Republican Party’s plan to repeal Obamacare cake needed to stay in the oven Obamacare a little longer . " 
 Trump 