  ( CNN )   Donald Trump on Friday shared a letter Donald Trump received from Russian President Vladimir Putin , who urged the next president " to take real steps to restore the framework of bilateral cooperation " while offering Donald Trump Donald Trump " warmest Christmas and New Year greetings . "   " A very nice letter from Vladimir Putin Vladimir Putin thoughts are so correct , " Donald Trump said in a statement . " I hope both sides are able to live up to his thoughts , and we do not have to travel an alternate path . " In the translation of the December 15th letter provided by the Donald Trump team , Vladimir Putin wrote that " serious global and regional challenges , which our countries have had to face in recent years , show that relations between Russia and the US remain an important factor in ensuring stability and security of the modern world . " Vladimir Putin continued , " I hope that after you assume the position of the President of the United States of America , we will be able     by acting in a constructive and pragmatic manner     to take real steps to restore the framework of bilateral cooperation in different areas as well as bring our we of collaboration on the international scene to a qualitatively new level . " The release of the letter     which was confirmed as authentic by Moscow     comes days after Russia loudly voiced complaints about its Russia with the US under the Obama administration , and after ambiguous remarks from Trump about the need to " strengthen and expand " US nuclear capability to counter nuclear adversaries . At his Putin    news conference on Thursday , Putin said that the US and Russia " need to discuss ways to normalize our relations . During his Putin campaign , Trump Trump it would be proper to normalize and it it n’t be worse , and I agree with him Putin " A Kremlin spokesperson criticized the poor relationship with the Obama administration in an interview Wednesday .   " Nearly all levels of our dialogue ( with the US ) has been frozen , " Kremlin Kremlin Dmitry Peskov told Russian    news agency RIA Novosti . US State Department spokesperson John Kirby pushed back on Peskov Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov , saying Thursday that " diplomatic engagement with Russia continues across a wide range of issues . "   Still , the sharp rhetoric from each side stems from serious disagreements over crises in Syria and Ukraine , and allegations by the US against Russia of Russia interfering in the 2016 election by hacking     to the advantage of Trump , according to the intelligence community .   Adding to the tension is Trump ’s Trump of nuclear proliferation concerns     he reportedly told Trump’s cavalier on Friday , " let it be an arms race . " And incoming new White House press secretary Sean Spicer added to Trump ’s comments Trump on CNN , " If another country or countries want to threaten our safety , our sovereignty , [ our ’s ] going to do what it takes . " 
 