’    The promotion of fake news is a big problem that sites like    Facebook and Google are scrambling to fix . Facebook and Google have    made efforts to bury bad links from their Facebook and Google , but some       are still slipping through . ’ ’    Right now on Google Google if you type in " can a president run a third    term , " the top result shown is fake . ’ ’    An answer from the site NewsExaminer . net pops up in Google’ ’s    featured snippet section and claims that President Obama " shocked    the country this morning " by announcing he’’d be running for    office again . ’ ’    Which of course , a . ’ ’   ’ ’    Google says articles for its Google snippets and summaries    section are chosen programmatically ( by algorithms , not humans ) .    " When we Google that a query asks a question , we Google detect pages that answer the user’ ’s question ,    and    a top result as a featured snippet in the search    results    " the company    its . ’       Google Home , Google’ ’s personal assistant hardware , uses top    Google snippets to populate the messages it reads back   Google    listeners .    tested the same question , " can a president run a    third term , " on my Google Home and got the same NewsExaminer    story . You can watch my Google Home my Google Home fake news answer ,    below .    ’ ’ ’    When asked " Can a president run for a third term ? " Google Home    did say the 22nd Amendment to the Constitution , enacted after    President Franklin    Roosevelt was elected four times , now    imposes a    term limit , . ’ "    The fake news article is n’t just showing up in the featured    snippet , either . The NewsExaminer . net article also appears as the    third Google search result on the page . " ’    This isn’’t the first programmatic fake news problem Google has    had .    recently decided to sunset Google " In the News Google feature    after it   for showing a Google article about the US    election results . In November , the top Google result for a " Google    election count " search declared that Donald Trump had won the    popular vote ( ) . It was written by a Wordpress blog and had been    picked up by Google’ ’s " In The News " algorithm . ’ ’    Google CEO   could    have influenced the election    and that it needs to be stopped       " From our perspective    " Pichai said , " there should just be no    situation where fake news gets distributed , so we are all for    our better here .    ’ ’    Google has not yet returned a request for comment . ’ 
 