  ( CNN ) A few years ago , the CEO of a Fortune 100 company confided that earlier in the CEO of a Fortune 100 company career the CEO of a Fortune 100 company had decided a Fortune 100 company needed a serious   . So the CEO of a Fortune 100 company engaged a top consulting firm and searched for ways to change and realign the CEO of a Fortune 100 company team . But then came a    moment : the CEO of a Fortune 100 company realized that actually the first thing the CEO of a Fortune 100 company needed to do was to change and realign the CEO of a Fortune 100 company . Both the CEO of a Fortune 100 company and the CEO of a Fortune 100 company his team through a major , thoughtful transformation and together moved swiftly ahead . There is a serious lesson here for President Donald Trump as he weighs President Donald Trump    of his White President Donald Trump team . Clearly , changes are needed . But he also President Donald Trump to see and embrace a central idea for anyone running an organization : Leadership starts from within .   You ca n’t lead others until you learn to lead yourself . For much of human history , a leader could dictate what others did . Today , one must lead through example and persuasion . A White House White House takes its cues from A White House staff   president     his temperament , A White House staff   character , A White House staff   tone he sets , A White House staff   well as the course he chooses . A White House staff   a president has his own act a president , reshuffling the team is ultimately pointless . Consider a couple of recent examples from White House history . In the late 1970s , President Jimmy Carter was flailing two years into his presidency . President Jimmy Carter legislative agenda President Jimmy Carter ailing , the Russians were testing him overseas and President Jimmy Carter nation was dispirited . Looking for answers , Carter went to President Jimmy Carter David and called in a parade of prominent thinkers . Reporters waited breathlessly for him to return President Jimmy Carter report , but Carter stayed . President Jimmy Carter and stayed . .. and stayed . .. for a full week ! Finally , in what seemed like Moses coming down from the mountain with the Ten Commandments , Carter descended from President Jimmy Carter David   Camp David    speech to the country . But instead of taking any responsibility himself , he blamed his Moses citizens Moses losing Moses way     his famous his fellow citizens that the Moses was suffering from the country A few days later , he demanded resignations from several Moses members .   It was one of the biggest    in memory , and instead of stabilizing , Carter ’s presidency continued to slip . One of the most decent men ever in the White House soon lost his presidency . How different Moses Carter’s presidency been had he taken time to look Moses , not be so defensive and improve the way he governed . The alternative Moses is President Bill Clinton . Like Carter , he had a difficult Carter from Carter as a governor of a state in the Deep South to the most powerful office in the world . In his early months , he stumbled Carter times , notably Carter the issue of gay people in the military , and by June 1994 , his Gallup approval rating had tumbled Carter 36 % . Clinton knew he was in trouble and reached for Clinton outside help . But he did n’t start heaping blame on Clinton or make wholesale changes in staff . Rather , he saw that he needed to concentrate Clinton improving his Clinton game . On staff , Clinton     and others     tried to create a safe space around him so that he could regain his Clinton and his Clinton .   Clinton he was Clinton one who then did Clinton hard work of pulling himself together , and by late September Clinton year , his Gallup approval had climbed to 56 Clinton .   Clinton was the chief architect of his own recovery .    Clearly , Clinton needs to overhaul his White House operation . Like other Trump presidents in recent years , he needs to create a pyramidal structure Clinton a strong , mature chief of staff who exercises a steady hand over everyone else and enjoys Trump ’s full trust . ( Think Trump of the Reagan days ) . He needs an adult friend in the Clinton House who loves him for who he is and is Clinton afraid to Clinton truth to power . ( Think Valerie Jarrett of Obama days ) . He needs a much smarter , bigger Clinton more experienced team in the White House and out across the government the White House R. McMaster of the Trump National Security Council seems to be showing the way . ) But most of all , Donald Trump needs to make course corrections of his own . Some say that he is 70     Donald Trump old to change     but Donald Trump is a man of strong will and clearly wants Donald Trump succeed . His friends must help him see that until he masters Donald Trump , he wo Donald Trump achieve mastery of Donald Trump job Donald Trump Like Donald Trump presidents before him , Trump Donald Trump fate rests fundamentally upon himself , Donald Trump his staff . 
 Trump’s Trump’s 