  ( CNN ) As Donald Trump warned of voter fraud before November ’s election and said afterward Donald Trump believed millions of illegal votes were cast , the website Infowars and the website founder Alex Jones were right with Donald Trump     or even ahead of Donald Trump . " Rampant election fraud in the United States Is no secret , " the site said on Wednesday . While many media outlets have debunked Trump ’s claims of widespread voter fraud , Infowars has long been pushing a fraudulent vote narrative .    Here ’s a closer look at Infowars and Jones : Infowars and conspiracy theories , Jones and Jones multimedia business , including Infowars . com , mix criticism of government with conspiracy claims , purporting to reveal what other media outlets refuse to report .   Jones started out on one radio station in 1996 . He now Jones a       syndicated    radio program he says Jones carried on more than 160 stations . The show a      syndicated   radio program he says is carried on more than 160 stations over the Internet , and he and Jones staff Jones web videos and articles . His online Jones says he and Jones are " seeking the truth and exposing the scientifically engineered lies of the globalists and their ultimate goal he and Infowars enslaving humanity . " A common theme : That governments are trying to destroy liberties and pave the way for world dominance by corporations and banks . Here are some of the conspiracy theories that Jones or Infowars have espoused : • The    attacks were an " inside job , " orchestrated in part by the US government , allowing governments across the world to destroy freedoms and enrich    complexes as a result . • The 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was a government hoax . In 2016 , he said he The 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre n’t The 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre what happened , but repeated arguments that he said pointed The 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre a hoax . • The federal government the US government 1995 Oklahoma City bombing .   • The 2013 Boston Marathon bombing the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing flag " attack . • The Social Security Administration may have been buying ammunition to use against the public in the event of unrest .   In 2012 , when the SSA announced it was looking for a supplier The Social Security Administration to buy The Social Security Administration , 000    bullets , Infowars questioned whether the agency was preparing for " civil unrest . " The Social Security Administration , the administration issued a statement saying that its 295 agents needed The Social Security Administration for target practice and to protect The Social Security Administration agency ’s 66 offices across the nation . 
 