  ( CNN ) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is notoriously    when it comes to criticism .   Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan censorious nature boiled over this week when Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan security detail viciously attacked protesters on Tuesday outside the Turkish embassy in Washington .   Video shows Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan speaking to the    agents before the   agents rushed the protesters in a coordinated attack and watching the violence .   It was brutal     with the   agents punching protesters and kicking them protesters they protesters on the ground . The word outrage does not come close to describing this incident . I frequently write about my objection to political violence and censorship in America , and we have plenty of examples of both .   We we our we leader with a tendency toward authoritarian responses to criticism .    We we our we    individuals who want to shut down debate .       is worrisome when an American professor allegedly violates the Constitution by calling for " muscle " to get rid of journalists . It is even worse when Americans physically attack other Americans for their Americans views .   But Tuesday ’s attack at the Turkish embassy is all of those things rolled into one , with a side serving foreign aggression and a revived terrorism narrative . Speaking to a joint session of Congress after September 11 , George W. Bush said that terrorists hate our freedoms : " our freedom of speech , our freedom to vote and assemble and disagree with each other . "   At the time , I thought ( and still do think ) that his George W. Bush was harmful .   But , today , I nonetheless think it his rhetoric was harmful a fair description of the Turkish president and his George W. Bush squad .   Here in America those freedoms are increasingly under attack .   Our own Left wants to do away with them those freedoms it comes to Right wing speech . Our Our government encroaches on them those freedoms the Left protests in ways they those freedoms n’t like . But at least those are " inside the family " so to speak .   These examples are Americans behaving badly , but at least they These examples unlike what happened outside the Turkish embassy are not a disgusting affront to our cherished liberties and our sovereignty . To have agents of a foreign power doing violence to American citizens in the streets of our nation ’s capital is unforgivable .   For us not to respond would be a national disgrace .      Some have blamed this incident on President Trump and his chummy relationship with the Turkish leader .   Of course , many of those voices would blame him his a distant star went supernova .   But this is not a Donald Trump issue .   Something similar happened under George W. Bush as well , when activist Majora Carter pulled out a Tibetan flag while running with the Olympic torch in San Francisco .   For that , Chinese security forces attacked her Chinese with the assistance of San San Francisco .    Our government ’s response then was silence .   This time around , we must not be silent . The Turkish ambassador was summoned to the State Department Wednesday , but that is not enough . If the guards who beat the protestors do not have diplomatic immunity , they must the guards who beat the protestors prosecuted , and the Trump administration should take the strongest possible measures against the Turkish mission in DC .   I understand that Turkey is an important ally , but what use are our alliances if they do our alliances serve the cause of preserving our freedom ?   As The Dude wisely said in the dark comedy " The Big Lebowski , " " This aggression will not stand , man . "     Erdoğan is out of control when it comes This aggression censorship .   A man who depicted him as Gollum , a character from Lord of the Rings , was criminally prosecuted . If he wants A man who depicted him as Gollum, a character from Lord of the Rings behave that way at home , that ’s one thing     we have no need to respect him . A man who depicted him as Gollum, a character from Lord of the Rings But when he and A man who depicted him as Gollum, a character from Lord of the Rings guards A man who depicted him as Gollum, a character from Lord of the Rings this way on American soil , the hammer must come down .   The situation demands that we make it clear , once and for all , that we will we set aside our liberty we our sovereignty we any foreign censorious goon . 
 