The general election effort to take down Donald J. Trump through television ads will begin on Wednesday , with the main " super PAC " supporting Hillary Clinton airing the main "super PAC first two attack ads on broadcast television in four swing states . The general election effort to take down Donald J. Trump through television ads kicks off a    campaign that will flood screens in those four swing states the months to come . The super PAC , Priorities USA Action , had initially planned to wait until after the June 7 primary contests to introduce TV ads attacking Mr. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , but accelerated its effort The super PAC, Priorities USA Action him . The group The super PAC, Priorities USA Action 6 million investment includes two ads that offer scathing critiques of Mr. Trump ’s comments about women that will run for the next three weeks in Ohio , Florida , Virginia and Nevada . Mrs. Clinton ’s most devoted donors have given roughly $ 80 million to Priorities USA Action to stop Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump the group raised in the entire 2012 election to    President Obama . The ads are the beginning of the broader Democratic campaign against Mr. Trump , focused Mr. Trump suburban and    women that he does not respect them . Priorities USA Action suburban and   women it also planned to run Priorities USA Action that critiqued Mr. Trump ’s business record and portrayed him as out of touch Mr. Trump’s the    Americans he says he represents , Mr. Trump’s approach Mr. Trump’s to the one it used to depict the Priorities USA Action nominee in 2012 , Mitt Romney , as a cold corporate titan . Mrs. Clinton ’s allies said Mr. Trump ’s mocking of a New York Times reporter ’s disability also effectively turned off swing voters , potentially providing fodder for future ads that depict Mr. Trump as insensitive and Mr. Trump the presidency . Mr. Trump ’s Republican rivals criticized Mr. Trump on his comments about women Mr. Trump his business record Mr. Trump the party ’s nominating contest Mr. Trump but the effort came too late to stop his momentum . One of the super PAC ’s Mr. Trump , called " Speak , " shows voters    some of Mr. Trump ’s caustic remarks about women as they wear shirts with Mr. Trump ’s visage    women them . The Mr. Trump Respect , " shows quick women with the candidate in which he outlines his positions on abortion and Planned Parenthood . The super PAC he initially invested $ 130 million to reserve time for broadcast and digital ads that would start running the day after the California and New Jersey primaries in June . But it decided to add an additional buy to accelerate the time line , aiming to sow early doubts about Mr. Trump , particularly among female voters who will have a disproportionate effect on the fall election and with whom Mr. Trump has shown a particular weakness in polls . Female voters favored Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump , 55 percent to 35 percent , in a Mr. Trump    News poll released in March , twice the gender gap of the 2012 presidential election , when President Obama defeated Mr. Romney . Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , which can not directly coordinate with the Mrs. Clinton has tried to raise money by showing Mr. Trump ’s comments assailing the former secretary of state for playing the " woman ’s card . " Mrs. Clinton , though , has tried to avoid directly provoking Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton on outside groups like the super PAC to carry out Mr. Trump’s . The campaign ’s online videos against the super PAC focused mostly on his policy positions and on criticism by his rivals in the Republican Mr. Trump’s On Tuesday , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s the " Speak " ad had Mr. Trump’s one of his statements . " The pathetic new Mr. Trump’s against me misrepresents the final line . ‘ You can tell Mr. Trump’s to go BLANK themselves’   —    was about Mr. Trump’s , NOT WOMEN ! " he wrote on Twitter . That drew a rebuke from the super PAC . " Sorry Donald , but the Mr. Trump’s is n’t only about your overt sexism , it ’s about your divisiveness and character being unsuitable for the office of the presidency , " Justin Barasky , the ad spokesman for the group , said in an email on Tuesday morning . In an interview Mr. Barasky had to advertise earlier after seeing the Republican " stop Trump " effort fall short . " The decision was made recently to the group now because the group learned from Washington Republicans that you ca n’t wait to go after Trump , " Mr. Barasky said . " What they did was too little , the group late , and we were n’t going to make the same mistake Trump" " Mr. Barasky ads adhere to similar lines of attack taken by Our Principles PAC , the super PAC the group by Republican operatives . It released an ad , " Quotes , " featuring female actors reciting Mr. Trump ’s quotations the group women . The ad tested highly in effectiveness , but came out only days before the Republican primary in Florida , which Mr. Trump won . " Speak " is slightly an ad that the ad uses Mr. Trump ’s voice rather than those of actors , along with the voices of Mr. Trump’s " Our research shows most people know very little about an ad , " Guy Mr. Trump’s executive director of the Priorities PAC , said on MSNBC on Monday night , adding , " When we tested a lot of the ‘ Never Mr. Trump’s , we realized very quickly they really had no idea what Donald Trump had been saying on the stump and what his record had been in business or toward women , and so it ’s our Our to make sure Donald Trump," Guy Cecil, the executive director of the Priorities PAC see it . " He Mr. Trump’s the group would also be focused on Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s business record , an issue that numerous Republican groups and campaigns highlighted during Our nominating contest . Mr. Donald Trump," Guy Cecil, the executive director of the Priorities PAC specifically it Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s record of " making ties in China and hiring Mr. Trump’s . " 
 Mr. Trump’s 