" Every great cause begins as a movement , becomes a business , and eventually degenerates into a racket . "   —    Eric Hoffer ,   Despite a growing string of victories in the Republican primariesthe    Street cabal that has dominated the GOP since 1988 has no intention of letting the billionaire real estate mogul be nominated . None other than Karl Rove has insisted the    effort is not too late and can succeed . A new superPAC has dumped $ 10 million dollars into blistering negative TV ads against Trump in the last three days . The Koch brothers and their associates deny funding the   effort but they The Koch brothers and their associates are questionable at best . The New York Times reported Sunday that the Rubio and Kasich campaigns are now openly planning on a ‘ brokered convention " to stop Trump Trump the back rooms in Cleveland . The The New York Times that Barbara Bush has vowed revenge against Trump Trump ending the " low energy " campaign of her son Jeb , the Jeb that the Bush clan is    in the effort to stop Trump Trump The News reported that Jeb The New York Times The New York Times $ 25 to $ 30 million in SuperPAC funds he has left to an    effort , Jeb    short term game is clear stall Trump Trump short of the magic number of delegates needed to be nominated on the first ballot with the knowledge that many delegates bound on the first ballot by Trump Trump and caucus victories would be unbound on a second ballot . Much in the way the RNC stacked the galleries with    partisans in the last two debates ,    quislings are be planted in various delegations    will be free to betray Trump Trump subsequent ballots . If Cruz prevails in Texas and Kasich can hold Ohio the insiders game of " keep away " could get some legs . The cabal of billionaires who are bankrolling Marco Rubio have served notice on the young Senator that he must win his home state of Florida the young Senator March 15 the young Senator get the hook . Mitt Romney , who passed up the 2016 race because he deemed Jeb Bush unstoppable ( ! ) the young Senator suited up to enter late primaries in California , New Jersey and elsewhere in the hopes that the party would turn to him on a second ballot . This explains the young Senator Romney has suddenly emerged as a twitter critic the young Senator Trump ’s chiding him for not releasing his tax returns in the young Senator middle of an the young Senator audit and not renouncing the support of former KKK Grand Wizard David Duke fast enough . The Republican nomination process was already rigged : the campaigns of the four early states ( Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina , Nevada ) have been traditionally controlled by high paid consultants and party leaders who convince candidates to spend hundreds of millions on media , staff and early state " necessities . " The big money needed has to come from somewhere —   namely from special interests who demand loyalty on key issues : government    open borders , and especially big government . The demands of early big money usually clear the field of anyone unacceptable to the Republican Racketeers : when Newt or Santorum did n’t play along in 2012 , they were swamped under by big money . Newt or Santorum 2016 , Trump does n’t need the racketeers money because he has the Republican big money the racketeers have Trump last play : fix the Republican Racketeers of the Conventions . For example , do you know how many delegates Trump must get to be nominated for president today ? Zero Trump Cruz , Rubio , and all the rest ? Also zero . Why ? Because the Rule that allows them to be nominated ( Rule 40 ) requires " permanently Cruz, Rubio, and all the rest delegates " for nomination . But that wo n’t happen until the Credentials Committee meets at the convention ! Then there is rule   . Please note the Convention 40 as it is currently written expires on the day before the convention when the Rules Committee meets to make up the new the Convention the Credentials Committee for the Republican Party for the next 4 years . Rule    currently requires a nominee to have " the " majority of the permanently seated delegates from at least 8 states . " Romney lawyer Ben Ginsberg was able to change Rule 40 from " plurality of the delegates from at least 5 states " to the current rule . The potential for skullduggery is clear . Even if Trump runs Rule    the primaries winning a plurality in virtually every state the rule can be tailored by a controlled Rules Committee to prevent a Trump nomination . Rule Rule    to require a majority in six states but when Congressman Ron Paul Trump that goal Rule    quickly changed to eight states . Under control of the insiders the number of states required can that goal amended to any number to block Trump . Also , the goal of the extended nomination process will be to make it so either no Trump gets to eight states ( or what ever number the establishment changes it to the extended nomination process Then , under the guise of letting " the voters be heard " the Rules committee the establishment make a more lax Rule 40 . After all , Cruz and Rubio and Romney " deserve to be nominated , " they will argue . Romney will enter the late primaries because he is concerned that Rule 40 B will Cruz and Rubio and Romney changed to allow Romney those who won some delegates from Romney in the states to be considered and because he might stand a better chance of chiseling delegates from Trump in late " ’winner take all " primaries Romney the hapless Rubio . Surely the party pros know that a nomination wrenched from the hands of Donald Trump would be worthless but they do n’t care . The ruling elite that has dominated the party would rather have globalist Hillary Clinton a nomination wrenched from the hands of Donald Trump the uncontrollable nationalist Donald Trump . The idea of a president not beholden to the ruling elite is more Donald Trump There are Donald Trump aphorisms in politics but this one may be the key to who ends up President : the ruling elite who knows the rules , rules . Right now , it ’s Reince and the Racketeers who know them best . Beware Republicans : the big steal is coming . Roger Stone is a New York Times Bestselling Author and longtime political Racketeers and Ed Martin is the President of Phyllis Schlafly ’s Eagle Forum and immediate past Chairman of the Missouri Republican Party , Listen to audio of Roger Stone ’s interview this morning on Breitbart News Daily discussing this article : 
 Roger Stone 