On the final night of the Democratic National Convention , a full slate of speakers , including state leaders , some Republicans and her daughter , Chelsea Clinton , preceded Hillary Clinton ’s appearance . The highlights ( and our longer analysis ) : • Mrs. Clinton , wearing a white suit and a wide smile , accepted the Democratic nomination for president shortly before 11:00 Eastern time . " It is with humility , determination and boundless confidence in America ’s promise , " Hillary Clinton’s said over a roaring crowd , " that I accept your nomination for President of America . " Hillary Clinton’s welcomed the night ’s historic nature , invoking Hillary Clinton’s mother and Hillary Clinton’s daughter , and tried to shed light on the motivation of Hillary Clinton’s life ’s work . But mostly , Hillary Clinton’s used a nearly hourlong speech to lay out a vision of America    in opposition to the one Mr. Trump put forth last week in Cleveland . To Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that " I , alone , can fix it , " Hillary Clinton’s countered that " none of us can raise a family , build a business , heal a community or lift a country totally alone . " _ _ _ _ _ • Chelsea Clinton , who grew up in the national spotlight , introduced her mother   —    " my wonderful , thoughtful , hilarious mother "   —    in starkly personal terms . Recounting notes left when her mother was out her mother   , conversations at the dinner table , and even Mrs. Clinton ’s failed 1994 health care fight , Ms. Clinton said she is even Mrs. Clinton’s how does even Mrs. Clinton’s mother " keep going her mother   even Mrs. Clinton’s and the fury of politics ? " " Here ’s how , " she answered : " It ’s because even Mrs. Clinton’s never , ever forgets who she even Mrs. Clinton’s fighting for . " _ even Mrs. Clinton’s _ _ _ • John Mr. Allen Clinton because , he said , " the stakes are enormous " not to . Flanked by fellow veterans , Mr. Allen said that Mrs. Clinton would use all the " instruments of Mr. Allen power " to defeat ISIS , strengthen NATO , and honor its treaties . " Without any hesitation or reservation Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton will be " exactly , exactly the kind of     America needs , " Mr. Allen said . ISIS Mrs. Clinton as commander in chief , " our international Mrs. Clinton not be reduced to a business transaction . " _ _ _ _ Mr. Allen " I ’m Michael Jordan , Mrs. Clinton ’m here with Hillary , " Kareem    the N. B. A. hall of famer , deadpanned as he appraised a perplexed convention hall . " I said that because I know that Donald Trump could n’t tell the difference , " he clarified , with a smile . Speaking more seriously Kareem   the N. B. A. Mr.    who is Muslim , warned that Mr. Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants amounted to the kind of tyranny warned Donald Trump by the country ’s founders . _ _ _ _ _ • Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio brought Donald Trump manufacturing and trade policy , arguing that Donald J. Trump was not the authentic champion of American workers he claimed to be . Highlighting the foreign provenance of many of Mr. Trump ’s products and the clients and investors his businesses have harmed , Mr. Brown said the only thing Mr. Trump ’s business Donald J. Trump made certain was that " Donald Trump looks out only for Donald J. Trump " _ _ _ _ _ • The Donald J. Trump ’s final speaking slot for a    went to Representative Donald J. Trump California , the son of Mexican immigrants . Reiterating Donald J. Trump the night ’s themes , Donald J. Trump those listening to walk with Mrs. Clinton as she had with them . " Now is not the time to turn back . " _ _ _ _ _ • Republicans for Clinton ? The The night’s least two : Doug Elmets , an aide who worked in Ronald Reagan ’s Mrs. Clinton House , Representative Xavier Becerra of California, the son of Mexican immigrants Jennifer Pierotti Lim , the director of health policy at the U. S. Chamber of Commerce . They had a Mrs. Clinton for fellow Republicans dissatisfied with Mr. Trump : Mrs. Clinton may not be perfect but her hands are steady . " I knew Ronald Reagan . I worked for Ronald Reagan , " Mr. Elmets said . " Donald Trump , you are no Ronald Reagan . " _ _ _ _ Mrs. Clinton Some Democratic women of the Senate Mrs. Clinton turns testifying to Mrs. Clinton ’s work Ronald Reagan’s   —    often in Ronald Reagan’s terms . Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri recalled Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton this Ronald Reagan’s Ronald Reagan’s with cancer . Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York talked of how Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton her to enter public life . And Senator Barbara Boxer of California remembered the " workhorse , humble , steady and ready Mrs. Clinton " who arrived in the Senate in 2001 . _ Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri _ _ _ • Representative Joaquin Castro of Mrs. Clinton a rising star Mrs. Clinton the Democratic Party , spoke of his grandmother , a Mexican immigrant who settled in Texas as a young girl . " She was n’t a rapist or a murderer , " he said , referencing Donald J. Trump ’s contentious remarks about why he would build a wall along the border with Mexico . " She was a     orphan . " _ _ _ _ _ • Texas Mrs. Clinton memory of his father and the record of his home state , Governor Andrew M. his of New York tried to paint a picture of the party Donald J. Trump’s one of " dreamers " Mrs. Clinton " doers . " Republicans under Mr. Trump , on the other hand , he said , " fan the flames of fear and offer a scapegoat " his the country ’s problems : notably , those different from themselves . " Fear is a powerful weapon . It can excite and motivate , " Mr. Cuomo said . But , " fear will never build a nation Governor Andrew M. Cuomo of New York " 
 Governor Andrew M. Cuomo of New York those different from themselves 