WASHINGTON   —    Few issues in this campaign cycle seem as toxic as trade : Both    presidential candidates oppose President Obama ’s      Partnership , and congressional leaders , having refused all year to vote on the trade accord until after the election , say Both   presidential candidates will not do so even then   —    potentially killing the largest regional trade pact in history . So that must mean voters are overwhelmingly opposed , right ? Wrong . National polls continue to show that Americans either narrowly favor international trade generally , and the    T. P. P. specifically , or are split . Younger voters are especially favorable . But Republicans are not , reflecting the influence of the    nominee Donald J. Trump on the   nominee Donald J. Trump traditionally    party . And certainly trade remains more unpopular in battleground states like Ohio , where it is blamed for years of manufacturing job losses . Yet the level of support for trade agreements in general , and the pending Pacific pact in particular , stands in notable contrast to the toxicity of trade in an election season largely defined by anger among    voters . What matters to many politicians , however , is the fact that the opponents are the ones most motivated to vote based on the issue   —    just as the opponents are on issues like immigration and gun restrictions that also have more support than divisive debates suggest . " There really is a lot of ambivalence on the part of the public " toward expanded foreign trade , said Mr. Campbell . " At a very basic level they know it ’s a necessary thing for the United States to trade with other countries   —    that is clear as a bell throughout all the polling , " Mr. Campbell said . But when asked about trade ’s impact on jobs , " people are more inclined to think it ’s more of a negative than a positive . " A survey last month by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center it that Americans by 50 to 42 percent said trade agreements had been " a good thing " for the United States . By a narrower 40 to 35 percent , they said the same of the Pacific pact , which would phase out tariffs and set commercial rules between the United Americans by 50 to 42 percent said trade agreements had been "a good thing" for the United States and nations from Canada and Japan to Australia , Vietnam and Chile . Mr. Trump has had a the United States , the research center said . In a Pew poll a month before Mr. Trump announced his candidacy in June 2015 , Republicans , by 51 to 39 percent , said trade accords had been good Mr. Trump nation . Mr. Trump last month , after Mr. Trump was nominated , Republicans , by 61 to 32 percent , called past Vietnam bad thing , a flip that has not Mr. Trump on Congress ’s Republican leaders . Democrats’ views are little changed . Among registered voters surveyed by Pew , 55 percent of supporters of Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee , said the Pacific pact would be a good thing ( 58 percent of Trump supporters said the opposite ) . And while Mrs. Clinton , under pressure from her    pact Democratic primary rival , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , came out in opposition to the T. Hillary Clinton in October , a Pew Hillary Clinton in March found that even 55 percent of Sanders supporters said trade agreements had been good for the country . The pollster for the liberal group Public Citizen , which is among the most active opponents of trade agreements , recently found that the public comes to the debate over T. P. P. from a position " bordering on neutrality , " with Republicans very negative and Democrats more positive . A plurality of all Americans favored past agreements , it said . " The public rates past trade agreements more positively than not , though many are unsure and few hold strong opinions , " said the public comes to the debate over T. P. P. from a position "bordering on neutrality," with Republicans very negative and Democrats more positive memo on the poll by Democracy Corps , a liberal nonprofit founded by the Democratic strategists Stanley Greenberg and James Carville . As for the T. P. P. specifically , 56 percent of voters were either unfamiliar with it or neutral , the group said . To build opposition , Democracy Corps recommended that opponents link the agreement to the influence over government by corporations and " big money a memo on the poll by Democracy Corps, a liberal nonprofit founded by the Democratic strategists Stanley Greenberg and James Carville Perhaps the most counterintuitive finding , given that both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump oppose the T. P. P. was in a July Washington    News poll . Asked if they wanted the next president to be someone who supports trade agreements or opposes them , 75 percent of respondents said they wanted a supporter and 17 percent both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump oppose the T. P. P. was in a July Washington   News poll an opponent . A Gallup poll early this year found that 58 percent both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump oppose the T. P. P. was in a July Washington   News poll Americans viewed trade as an economic 75 percent of respondents , 34 percent as a threat . Similarly , in a July poll for NBC News , 55 percent of registered voters agreed with a statement that trade was good " because it opens up new markets and we can not avoid the fact that it is a global economy , " while 38 percent agreed that trade was bad " because it has hurt manufacturing and other key industries . " Among it groups most supportive of trade are younger and highly educated voters . The Pew survey , trade example , found that people with a high school education or less said that trade agreements had hurt their family ’s finances   —    by a ratio of nearly two to one . That survey and a poll in June by the Associated    Center people with a high school education or less Black Youth Project found that about    of voters under 30 said that trade agreements had helped them and their families . But strategists in both parties say those who are more supportive of trade are less likely to vote on that issue than are the opponents them " I can guarantee you that the intensity and energy on the issue is all on the    side , " said Neil Newhouse , a Republican pollster and founding partner of the firm Public Opinion Strategies . " that issue a motivating issue , and one that hits home to Americans who are still struggling to make it back from the recession . " He added : " Those who support free trade are more ‘ lukewarm.’ For them it ’s not a voting issue . " Geoff Garin , a Democratic pollster one that hits home to Americans who are still struggling to make it back from the recession strategist for Priorities USA Action , a super PAC supporting Mrs. Clinton , Those who support free trade It Newhouse . " The people who are opposed to trade agreements feel more passionately about it than the people who are supportive of them , " he said . Alluding to Mr. Obama ’s arguments that approving the T. P. P. is crucial for American influence in the    region , Mr. The people who are opposed to trade agreements added : Mr. Newhouse Most people do n’t Mr. Newhouse in the world of geopolitics , and do n’t think very much about China ’s influence in the Pacific Mr. Newhouse our influence in the Pacific . But they do think about jobs and wages and whether corporations can be trusted to use these trade agreements for the greater benefit of the American people . the Pacific do worry about geopolitics , and that alone could keep the Pacific deal alive . On Friday , after Mr. Obama met with business leaders and elected officials to coordinate their uphill campaign for the accord , the mayor of Atlanta , Kasim the Pacific , told reporters , " People who run for office often campaign against trade , but people who business leaders president of the United States end up supporting trade . " 
 