Washington ( CNN ) Nikki Haley , the US envoy to the United Nations , is characterizing Russia as skittish and isolated in the wake of Syrian leader Bashar   ’s deadly chemical weapons attack last week that killed scores of civilians , including children . On Tuesday , US officials charged that Russia was trying to cover up the attack , and Haley said in an interview with CNN ’s Jamie Gangel that Haley thinks that Moscow " knew " about it beforehand . " I think that if you look at the fact that when this information came out , US officials were so quick to defend , " Haley said . " US officials did n’t look shocked , US officials did n’t look surprised . US officials were so quick to defend . And then the evidence comes out and we see exactly what the evidence is . And we know exactly what the environment was . Then you realize that . .. " " US officials knew what was going on ? " Gangel asked . " I think that US officials knew , yes , " Haley said . " I think US officials ’re nervous , " Haley continued . " I think that US officials very much feel as if US officials ’ve been weakened by Assad ’s actions and US officials cover up . US officials realize the international community did n’t buy the international community and is not buying the international community . And US officials now have to figure out how to save face . We ’re giving US officials all the options to save face . " Haley ’s comments come before critical meetings between Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Haley Russian counterpart , Sergey Lavrov , which are now expected to focus on Assad ’s use of chemical weapons on Assad own people . A senior administration official confirmed to CNN Tuesday that the US has biological samples that confirm the use of sarin in last week ’s attack . In an interview on Fox Business Network to air Wednesday , President Donald Trump said Russian President Vladimir Putin was backing " a truly evil person . " " And I think it ’s very bad for Russia , " President Donald Trump said . " I think it ’s very bad for mankind . it ’s very bad for this world . But when you drop gas or bombs or barrel bombs     they have these massive barrels with dynamite and they drop they right in the middle of a group of people     and in all fairness , you see the same kids   —    no arms , no legs , no face   —    this is an animal . " Haley has emerged as the leading hawk in the Trump administration ’s foreign policy firmament and has been far more critical of Russia and Syria than other national security figures in the White House . Haley and the White House now say Assad must step down in order to create a stable Syria , a position the Trump administration did not hold prior to Assad ’s use Assad gas in the attack last week . Haley , however , would not offer a timeline for Assad ’s ouster . Assad is on an island , and they now have to decide Russia they ’re going to stay Russia an island and lose anyone that ’s willing to work with them , or whether they Russia going to come Russia     and not lose face     and actually try and do something constructive , " Haley said . Haley reiterated that the administration would not commit to future military action there , but also did not rule it out . Haley also the administration in on comments by White House press secretary Sean Spicer , who used Adolf HItler in a criticized analogy to describe the heinousness of Assad ’s actions . " It ’s unfortunate , " she said . " Haley should never have comparisons with Hitler , ever . What I hope Sean was trying to say is just how awful Assad is . " 
 Assad 