Donald Trump is the only hope to save America , so the media have gone to war to stop Donald Trump . [ They do n’t care about being exposed as lying , hypocritical swine   —    I ’d describe They more fully , but it would require locker room talk . They ’ll win the public back later . Right now , all that matters is stopping Donald Trump .   The same media that are pretending to consider the use of a bad word equivalent to rape do n’t give a fig about real rape , real sexual assault , real whoring , even real homicide , depending on who did it . JFK was an    drug addict who cavorted with whores at the White House , but The same media that are pretending to consider the use of a bad word equivalent to rape ferociously hid all this from the public , publishing    versions of his JFK as " Camelot . " And what happened to the    rule ? Trump said the word " p*ssy " 11 years ago , in a secretly recorded conversation . Eleven years before Sen. Teddy Kennedy ran for president , he Sen. Teddy Kennedy a girl   —    but he Sen. Teddy Kennedy , not only without apology , but , indeed , as the Conscience of the Democratic Party . Throughout 2009 , good , decent Americans who happened to oppose Obamacare were called the name of a gay sex act hundreds of times on TV   —    and that was just on MSNBC . CNN ’s Anderson Cooper made the reference explicit when he Anderson Cooper , " It ’s hard to talk when you ’re   . " Among the people using this sexual slur were distinguished members of Congress such as U. S. Sen. Robert Menendez and Rep. Barney Frank . Were they fit to hold office ? Going way , way , way back to a few weeks ago , the same media gasping in horror at " p*ssy " sure did n’t mind my being called a c*nt repeatedly on a Comedy Central broadcast . And when I say " did n’t mind , " I mean they they it was awesome . But saying " p*ssy " 11 years ago is over the line . Cut the crap , media . A few years ago , Sen. Al Franken joked on a Comedy Central roast about producer Rob Reiner   * cking his Sen. Al Franken . Does Hillary think he Sen. Al Franken fit to be a U. S. senator ? Is he Sen. Al Franken enough for the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works , but not the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works None of these were leaks of secretly recorded conversations   —    considered a hanging offense in the Clinton years . These vulgarities were intentionally , None of these by the same media that , today , pretend to need smelling salts after hearing " p*ssy . " At least this new puritanical standard explains why rappers like Jay Z are banned from the White House . Wait   —    what ? Perhaps realizing their Victorian virgin act was n’t rappers like Jay Z it , the media turned to their Victorian virgin act Pretend We Do n’t Understand rappers like Jay Z method of argument , and claimed that Trump was confessing to having committed a " sexual assault " ! Trump said : " When you Trump a star , they let you do it . Trump can do anything a star Grab ’em by the pussy . You can do any of that . ( Laughter . ) " Journalists turned this into " sexual assault " by being literal on the " grab " part ,    on the " you " part   —    and on the " they let you do it " part ? Stone , cold deaf . If " they let you do it , they it ’s not an assault . it most of Trump ’s bragging , his loutish boast was not intended Trump be taken seriously , nor was it . Far from whipping out his pencil and carefully taking notes Trump " Access Hollywood"‘s Billy Bush laughed . The gist of what Trump was saying is that   Trump    hold onto your hats !   —    women like to sleep with celebrities ! I do n’t know if you ’ve heard that before . At least we ’re back to the media pretending to care about sexual assault   —    until further notice . This is the same media that ran interference for an actual sexual predator in the White House , ignoring Bill Clinton ’s serial    groping and raping for nearly a decade , while gleefully vilifying his accusers , and would have been happy to continue if Bill Richardson had become president . Clinton talking about p*ssy was one Bill Clinton’s his more dignified moments , proudly Bill Clinton’s to by his friend Vernon Jordan in a Bill Clinton’s broadcast interview with Mike Wallace . In the pages of The New York Times , feminist icon Gloria Steinem announced the "   grope " rule , specially developed for the Clinton era . Former Time magazine Bill Clinton’s Nina Burleigh said of Clinton , " I would be Bill Clinton’s to give him a bl*w job just to Former Time magazine correspondent Nina Burleigh him for keeping abortion legal . Former Time magazine correspondent Nina Burleigh Time magazine ’s Margaret Carlson said Linda Tripp had " lost membership in the family of man " for secretly    Monica Lewinsky . Tripp kept the recordings not for Linda Tripp so exalted as stopping Trump , but to protect herself from a charge of perjury Linda Tripp Even when the law began to close in on the horny hick   —    midway through the second term he won because of the media ’s heroic     —    the rest of us had to spend a year listening to liberals say " Guys like bl*w jobs , " " Everybody does it " and " Let ’s move on . " When Clinton was credibly accused of rape by Juanita Broaddrick , NBC strategically held the story   —    until a week after the Senate had voted in the rapist ’s impeachment trial . All the public could do was helplessly sport " Free Lisa Myers " buttons , referring to the investigative reporter who got the interview . Explaining NBC ’s incomprehensible decision to hold NBC own investigative report , Myers NBC Broaddrick : " The good news is you ’re credible . The bad news is that you The good news . " At least NBC ran the story eventually . NBC name " Juanita Broaddrick " never crossed the lips of " CBS Evening News " anchor Dan Rather . Asked by FNC ’s Bill O’Reilly why he never got around to mentioning that the Bill in chief was , more likely than not , a rapist , Rather said , " When the charge has something to do with somebody ’s private sex life , I would prefer not to run any of it . " So according to our media , committing a rape is " somebody ’s private sex life , " but using a bad word is rape . Poor Billy Bush has to be fired from NBC ’s " Today " show so the media can pretend that Trump ’s using bawdy language is a very , very serious offense . Meanwhile , Billy ’s    uncle and cousin openly fraternize Poor Billy Bush the rapist . The second President Bush calls Bill Clinton his Billy Bush mother " and praises Clinton ’s Bill Clinton character "   —    something even Clinton Bill Clinton defenders never did with a straight face . Now Bill Clinton networks are holding casting calls for some loon willing to falsely accuse Trump of sexual assault , so they can hype it like the Duke lacrosse case , Mattress the networks and Rolling Stone ’s fraternity rape . Unfortunately   —    for us , fortunately for the media   —    by the time the truth comes out , the election will be over . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 