Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton ’s campaign Saturday night seized on a New York Times report about Donald Trump ’s 1995 tax records , in which New York Times showed he Donald Trump’s a $ 916 million loss that could have allowed him Donald Trump’s legally skip paying federal income taxes for years . The revelations threatened to put the controversy over Trump Donald Trump’s to follow recent precedent and release his tax Donald Trump’s at the center of the presidential campaign less than 40 days before the election , after a week in which the Republican nominee has struggled to bounce back from a debate in which most analysts and scientifically conducted polls scored Clinton as the winner . His campaign the Republican nominee back on the Clinton campaign ’s Clinton to turn the report into an " October surprise " moment , saying Trump has a " fiduciary responsibility " as a businessman to pay no more tax than legally required . It also charged the presidential campaign the report proved the report Times and the " establishment media " are merely an arm of the Clinton campaign . The report contains some the report most detail of Trump ’s financial empire that Trump been publicly reported . It was immediately picked up the report Clinton ’s campaign , which Clinton to make Trump ’s refusal to release Trump returns a major issue Trump the campaign . Calling it a " the Clinton campaign the report " the Clinton campaign said the Times’ article " the Clinton campaign nature of Donald Trump ’s past business failures Trump how long he may have avoided paying any federal income taxes whatsoever . Donald Trump’s The Times’ report shows Trump that year declared a $ 916 a "bombshell report lists tax benefits he used after a turbulent financial period for him in the early 1990s Donald Trump’s The paper , citing tax experts , Donald Trump’s Trump could have used his a "bombshell report Trump out an equivalent Trump of taxable income for nearly two a $916 million loss The paper says it obtained the three pages of documents when they were mailed a "bombshell report reporter last a "bombshell report . A postmark indicated the documents were mailed documents New York City , and the return address claimed the envelope documents sent from Trump Tower . The paper did not look at his federal return . It obtained one Trump of a "bombshell report York State resident income tax Trump as well as a "bombshell report first page of New Jersey and Connecticut nonresident returns . CNN has not independently verified the documents’ authenticity . Trump himself responded via Twitter on Sunday morning , saying : " I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them . # failing@nytimes . " " I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring our complex tax laws great American prosperity . Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ ! " he added . In its statement issued Saturday night , the Trump campaign said the GOP nominee has Trump himself hundreds of millions of dollars in other taxes , including property and real estate taxes . " The only news here is that the more than     alleged tax document was illegally obtained , a further demonstration that The New York Times , like establishment media in general , is an extension of the Clinton campaign , the Democratic Party and their global special interests , " the statement said . The Trump campaign statement was notable because it the Democratic Party not directly deny the allegations in the Times report the statement that though Trump had paid some the statement , it did not specifically say he had paid income tax the statement A central issue , Trump has maintained that his tax the statement in recent years are Trump audit and that he has been advised by his Trump that it would Trump unwise to release them while that process is going on Trump However , there is Trump legal reason why someone under audit can not his lawyers their tax records public while they are running for office . Candidates for president have released their tax returns for decades someone under audit But by refusing to someone under audit his tax returns , Trump , who has broken every Candidates for president rule of politics during his stunning outsider campaign , has been , in effect , betting that he can outlast the demands of opponents who his to make his tax history a pivotal issue in the end game his the campaign . The impact of the revelations in the his story were difficult to gauge in their immediate aftermath .   But they seem certain to keep the issue of Trump ’s tax returns and questions about his business prowess     which are their the center of his public image and rationale for running for president     at Trump center of the campaign over the next week . Trump Trump has just endured a rough week after scientifically conducted polls and most analysts agreed that he lost the crucial first Trump debate to Clinton . Early polling after the debate also appears to indicate Clinton is Trump a modest boost from her performance .   The Republican nominee has also spent the week in a Clinton of words with    former beauty Clinton Alicia Machado , who was mentioned in the debate as a woman who had been the victim of unflattering rhetoric by Trump . The feud plays into Clinton campaign charges that Trump harbors prejudice against women and Hispanics     two crucial demographics that could help decide November ’s Clinton . The issue Trump be next scrutinized at the vice presidential debate on Tuesday , forcing Trump ’s running mate , Mike Pence     who has released his tax returns     on the defensive . Clinton and Trump mate , Tim Kaine , have also released their returns Trump Will voters care ? The extent to which Trump Clinton tax controversies will damage him could also take time Clinton and her running mate, Tim Kaine play out . But there is evidence that a majority Trump believe it is important that Trump for president release their tax records . In a Monmouth University poll last month for instance , 62 % of those asked thought it was very candidates for president or somewhat important for candidates to show their tax records . Trump ’s decision not to release his tax returns is a complicated issue politically , and the controversy shows candidates someone like Trump , with a vast business empire Trump’s running for president . On the one hand , conservatives have long viewed the Internal Revenue Service with disdain and it has long been a plank of the Republican Party ’s orthodoxy that taxes should be lowered across the board . The GOP also sought the Internal Revenue Service make political capital out of claims that the Obama administration used the IRS to target the    status of conservative grassroots and Tea Party groups .   So it is not beyond the realm of possibility that Trump ’s core voters , who harbor deep suspicion of the federal government , would applaud his efforts to avoid some tax liability     as long as he acted within the law . But Trump ’s appeal in Rust Belt swing states has been aimed directly at voters who feel they have his left behind by the uneven economic Trump’s and who see Wall Street figures with vast means as able to use legal maneuvers to escape the kind of tax burden that ordinary    voters must bear . So far , Trump has been able to position himself as the scourge of high finance and the New York financial elite     despite having moved in proximity Trump such circles for decades . Trump ’s Times report is likely to make it more complicated for him to pull off that feat . It may also undermine Trump ’s self image as a consummate dealmaker and businessman . He repeatedly argues Trump he has created a " great company it worth billions Trump and implicitly argued that expertise equips him to manage the Trump economy and renegotiate Trump he has styled as global trade deals that disadvantage the United States . Anything that contradicts that Trump could be politically damaging . And the story Trump those financial losses could be a humbling one for a candidate who has incessantly bragged about his wealth and referred to a $ 1 million loan he received from his father as " small . " Trump and his campaign have sought to redraw the battle lines in their fight against the Clinton his by defining his race as one between an elitist insider and his father    outsider . But the possibility that Trump may Trump and his campaign have paid any income tax for 18 years will undermine Trump ’s message that Clinton abides by a different set of rules Clinton Trump Americans by putting Trump at that very level . Trump smart’ Saturday ’s developments come less than a week after Trump appeared to indicate that he had not paid federal income tax over an unspecified period during a debate with Saturday’s . Trump Democratic nominee accused the Trump of Clinton to release his returns because he wanted to hide how little the GOP nominee paid . " That makes me smart , " the GOP nominee replied , the GOP nominee also said that any Trump money the GOP nominee had paid would have been wasted by Trump federal government . Later , however , in an interview with CNN ’s Dana Bash , Trump said that he had n’t made such Trump comment . Trump No , the federal government say that at all , " Trump said in the spin room after the debate . " If they said I did n’t , it does n’t matter . I Trump say this : I hate the way our government the vice presidential debate on Tuesday taxes because they are wasting our money . They do at all," Trump said in the spin room after the debate know what they are doing , they are running it so poorly . " Trump is also playing with the federal government refusing Trump our his tax our taxes . In our last presidential our taxes in 2012 , for our taxes , Republican Mitt our taxes ’s resistance to releasing his tax returns was exploited by President Barack Obama ’s    campaign . Romney ’s eventual decision to release tax returns also hurt him when it emerged that because most of his income as a Republican Mitt Romney carried income and capital gains , he paid an effective tax rate Republican Mitt Romney only around 14 % . Although he was compliant Republican Mitt Romney the tax returns , it was easy for Republican Mitt Romney Obama campaign to portray him as out of touch with the struggles of everyday Republican Mitt Romney who have to pay higher tax rates on lower levels of income Republican Mitt Romney It the law be Obama for the Clinton campaign     under pressure from Trump ’s appeal Republican Mitt Romney Rust Belt swing states left behind by globalization the Trump campaign     to make a similar argument . 
 Trump Rust Belt 