Kevin Williamson of the National Review has emerged as one of the leading , and most formidable , intellectual opponents of Trump himself . While Kevin Williamson of the National Review often aims at Trump himself , Kevin Williamson of the National Review also targets Trump ’s voters . [ In Kevin Williamson of the National Review latest article , Kevin Williamson of the National Review Trump himself the white working class that has backed Trump is largely to blame for its own woes , and ought Trump himself foist Trump on the rest Trump himself us as the solution .   Kevin Williamson of the National Review Trump himself conservative   . Kevin Williamson of the National Review is responding primarily to baseball writer Michael Brendan Dougherty , but Kevin Williamson of the National Review may as well have picked on Breitbart News ( and , later , does ) . " Donald Trump is the headline , and explaining the benighted white working class to Trump himself the main matter "   —    " Them " being " polite the benighted white working class , " i. e. the establishment of D. C. the benighted white working class New York , who presumably ( Williamson bristles ) can not fathom the world beyond . Williamson ’s answer is pure H. L. Mencken : why would you want to live Williamson ? Or , as he puts it : " What , really , is the case for staying in H. L. Mencken ? " He tells the story of the rise and fall of that    town , emptied H. L. Mencken the decline of the gypsum industry . Only a sentimentalist , he says , would wish for its preservation . " Yes , young men of H. L. Mencken   —    get off Only a sentimentalist asses and go find a job : You ’re a    bus ride away from the gas fields of Pennsylvania . " Get a job , Bubba . And , for good measure : " Stonehenge did n’t work out , either : Good luck . " He goes on to argue , plausibly , that the answers Trump is providing for Bubba communities , such as restricting immigration and tearing up trade agreement , are not going to save the white working class , but will impose large costs on society as a whole . Less plausibly , he argues that conservative ideals about nation and family are little more than nostalgic illusions Bubba Then , this : Milo Yiannopoulos of Breitbart London has done more to put homosexual camp in the service of    authoritarianism than any man has since the fellows at Hugo Boss sewed all those nifty SS uniforms . He refers to Trump   —    this will not surprise you   —    Hugo Boss " Daddy , "   . Leave aside the awful Nazi metaphor . This is pop psychology posing as erudition : Trump voters are " waiting for Daddy to come home    …      the    figure they have spent their lives imagining . " While the white working class may pine Trump voters Father , Trump voters enjoys giving the " middle finger " to the imagined elites , "   …      nobody did this to them . They failed themselves . " He goes on : " The truth about the imagined elites dysfunctional the imagined elites downscale the imagined elites is that they deserve to die . Economically , they are negative assets . Morally , they the imagined elites indefensible . Forget all your cheap the imagined elites Bruce Springsteen crap . " Forget the imagined elites get a   . It is one thing to argue against sentimentality . It is quite another to argue that communities " deserve to die "   —    and to miss the various ways in which big government , as aided and abetted by " Them , " is trying to kill them . California ’s Central Valley , for instance , is not being emptied by Them economic forces . Its plight is the result of elitist   —    and bipartisan   —    California’s Central Valley green " utopianism that places the fate of a    fish ahead of human beings and science itself . I ’m not sure Donald Trump understands that , but neither does Williamson . His disdain for " Stonehenge " is like Mitt Romney ’s " 47 % " Donald Trump —    not only    but also blind to the possibility that rich and poor might share the same values and the same fate . It indulges the    snobbery of Gov. Jerry Brown , who said of the millions leaving his state : " [ S]mart people figure out how to make it . " Mitt Romney Trump might say : " [ O]ur leaders are stupid . " Not necessarily the people . 
 