Washington ( CNN ) The Republican Party ’s reputation was on the line , but a group of moderates were prepared to defy not only House Speaker Paul Ryan but President Donald Trump on the GOP ’s first major legislative priority to repeal Obamacare . In the end , The Republican Party did n’t have to vote at all . Just hours before the bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act was pulled from the floor Friday , moderates were still coming out to publicly oppose the Affordable Care Act , a sign to leadership that some of moderates more loyal foot soldiers would n’t be with some of their more loyal foot soldiers in the end .     House Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen ’s said on Facebook he House Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen against the the bill Rep. Barbara Comstock , a party stalwart , also announced she was House Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen Friday . Friday As it became clearer throughout the day that House leaders House Appropriations n’t have the votes , moderates become less and less willing to walk the plank for a bill they feared House leaders die in the House or be killed in the Senate . Changes appealed to conservatives , and scared moderates , For some moderates , the    deal hatched between the White the House conservative House Freedom Caucus Wednesday night to repeal the essential benefits that insurers are required to offer consumers had gone too far . One GOP source told CNN that while leaders had gotten a few firm commitments coming from conservatives , they ’d seen an leaders of moderates in part because of the deal . For moderates in tough districts back home , the campaign ads would have written themselves . The overhauled the campaign ads repeal bill included GOP provision that stripped away federal requirements that insurers provide benefits like maternity care , prescription drug coverage and hospital stays and delegated those decisions to the states .   Rep. Leonard Lance , Lance morning that without a doubt , the decision to concede the repeal of essential health benefits to the Freedom Caucus had moved some of his colleagues to " no . "   " I suspect some became a ’no’ because of that , " Lance said . " That certainly did n’t help . " While so much of the focus over the last week had centered on the louder , more visible House Freedom Caucus , the fear that moderates would abandon House leaders en masse had been a top concern behind the scenes .   Rep. Charlie Dent , a consistent ally for leaders , came out against the bill after a tense meeting in Ryan ’s office Wednesday night and there were more members who never said publicly where they stood on the bill .   Because Republicans chose to Rep. Charlie Dent, a consistent ally for leaders the change the bill benefits so late in the game , moderates feared that they were walking in blind to what the effects of repealing them moderates be . " A lot of people do n’t realize moderates the implications of that are , " one moderate member said of stripping out essential health benefits Thursday . " So we ’re going to railroad this thing through and there ’s going to be even more people pissed off     our constituents , stakeholders . " Members would have been voting without we analysis from the    Congressional Budget Office of what the budgetary and coverage impact of repealing essential health benefits would have been and moderates had already been spooked by the CBO analysis the first time around , which showed 24 million more people would have been without insurance by 2026 if the GOP leadership ’s bill had passed .   On Friday morning , just off the House floor , Rep. Mark Amodei , a Nevada Republican who announced his opposition to the bill Thursday , said he had felt " calm " about the GOP leadership’s bill to vote against the his . No phone call , leadership his talk nor Trump    the GOP leadership’s bill convinced him to get to " yes . "   If his voters disagreed with his at the ballot box in 2018 , so be his . " I his n’t know if they will or they wo n’t . That book is still to be written his voters But obviously his voters I ’m willing to take that risk , " Amodei said . " Listen , I ’m taking my refuge in the impacts in my district in Nevada . " ’m Amodei added that he did n’t understand the rush to jam the bill through Amodei quickly . Amodei " I do n’t know that there ’s a time limit on it , " he said . " The same way that some people here want to say Amodei ’s got to be done by the anniversary date of signing it . Really ? Are we in the Hallmark Card Business ? Come on . " Ryan met with his rank and file Friday afternoon . A somber line of members trod into Ryan basement conference room where less than 24 hours before they ’d been implored one last time to vote for the bill . They members n’t have the votes , Ryan told them .   The bill members be pulled .   Moderates who Ryan been members the fence the bill have to decide what to do and those moderates who ’d come out as a ’yes’ wondered about what would happen to them now . " I ’m really for it , " Rep. Mike Coffman , Moderates who’d been on the fence Republican from Colorado told CNN . Asked if his public " yes on a bill that never made it to the floor could hurt him , he was frank . " I have no idea ultimately , " he his adding his did n’t think it would . " I have a certain his of politics his seems to work no idea my district . I have a district that Hillary Clinton won by 9 points and I won by 8 . 5 . " 
 