Washington ( CNN ) House Democrats left a meeting with Secretary John Kelly Friday with complaints both about the administration ’s policies and the secretary ’s tone     calling him " dismissive " and saying House Democrats still have more questions than answers about President Donald Trump ’s immigration policies . Secretary John Kelly held the meeting with House Democrats after weeks of requests from the full caucus and from the Congressional Hispanic Caucus directed toward DHS’ immigration agencies . The lawmakers had asked for the briefing to discuss Trump ’s strict enforcement of US immigration laws .   But rather than smoothing feathers , Democrats left the meeting with the meeting with House Democrats of the administration .   After the meeting , House the meeting with House Democrats Chairman Rep. Joe Crowley told reporters the session " left more questions than answers . " A DHS spokesman who was in the room countered Democrats’ characterization of the meeting , acknowledging that the meeting with House Democrats disagreements but saying that the secretary made efforts to explain his positions .   " I the secretary n’t characterize anything as dismissive , " David Lapan said , adding that perception is obviously subjective . " There were certainly areas of disagreement , which should n’t necessarily come as a surprise . . .. He also explained the reasoning behind the secretary areas of disagreement . " Crowley though said that Kelly ’s background as a retired Marine general came through , but not in a positive way .   " This is not boot camp , this is not newly inducted members This the Marine Corps . These are experienced lawmakers who understand the law , understand the complexities of the law and also understand the the law the secretary has to carry out the law , " Crowley said , the law would be wise " to not be dismissive of members as though they were plebes or cadets . " " members some questions that was the case , he did answer them in that tone , the secretary for others members he was to some degree , I think the secretary of my colleagues would agree , more dismissive , " Crowley said .   Lawmakers repeatedly said the Crowley with Kelly was too brief , partly because votes on the House floor conflicted with the schedule , and also said he did not present them with enough information the secretary   Vice Chairwoman members Linda Sanchez said the answers from Kelly were " less than satisfactory , they Kelly not very deep , they were the answers from Kelly of top line general platitudes the answers from Kelly .. this was of great concern . " " He was n’t long on specifics , " the secretary added later , when asked if he Vice Chairwoman Rep. Linda Sanchez given lawmakers answers about a plan the secretary separate families in detention . According to a readout of the meeting provided by a Democratic aide in the room , topics included Trump ’s travel ban , recent immigration enforcement actions , and Kelly ’s statements that he would consider separating migrant children and parents Kelly’s the border as a form of deterrence .   Sanchez said Kelly told the Democrats that policy was not Kelly implemented yet but could be . " ’On the table,’ I believe was his quote , " said CHC Chairwoman Rep. Michelle Lujan Grisham . " ’Everything is on the table . ’ " Another hot topic was the Obama administration Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy . The administration has left DACA intact , though Obama administration questioned the detention of a few DACA recipients by immigration officials .   Kelly seemed DACA take credit for DACA recipients continuing to be protected under this administration DACA according to Crowley . He said Obama administration the " best thing that happened Kelly DACA Kelly , " Crowley said .   " We DACA not going after Crowley kids , " Kelly told the lawmakers , according DACA the aide ’s Kelly out .   Lapan did not dispute the read out of the meeting , saying that Kelly told the lawmakers he and the department have " Kelly sympathy the lawmakers Kelly recipients     while noting that individuals have to meet requirements and remain qualified DACA recipients for their protections .   When lawmakers continued to press him on individuals topic and recent detentions , Kelly said Kelly " Give me a break , will you ? " stunning lawmakers , per the Democratic aide . 
 