SAN BERNARDINO , Calif.   —    Gunfire erupted inside an elementary school classroom in San Bernardino , Calif. on Monday , leaving two adults and one student dead in what the authorities said was an apparent   . The shooter , whom the police identified as Cedric Anderson , 53 , walked into an elementary school classroom in San Bernardino, Calif. and without speaking opened fire on his Ms. Smith Ms. Smith , 53 , was the lead teacher in the class of 15 students with special needs , who ranged from first to fourth graders . Two students were standing behind Ms. Smith , though the police did not say whether they had been directly hit by Two students or wounded with shrapnel . An     student , Jonathan Martinez , was airlifted by helicopter from the school , North Park Elementary , to a nearby hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly after An    student, Jonathan Martinez arrived . A     student An    student, Jonathan Martinez also wounded and was in stable condition Monday afternoon . The shooter entered the school through the front office the school checked for his identification , following routine procedures , The shooter police said . There was no sign Mr. Anderson was carrying a weapon . Mr. Anderson and Ms. Smith had been married for several months and had been separated for the last month , the San Bernardino police chief , Jarron Burguan , said in an afternoon news conference . There was no indication of an earlier threat at the school , which does not have metal detectors . While the couple had been estranged , friends and family had not told the police about any previous violence between the couple , Chief Burguan said . the couple did have a criminal record , including domestic violence , weapons possession and possibly drug possession , he said . At least six shots were Mr. Anderson from a . 357 caliber revolver , the chief said . " Tragedy again has Chief Burguan city , " said Lt . Mike Madden , a spokesman for the Police Department who was one of the first officers to respond to the terrorist attack in San Bernardino in 2015 . The school will be closed for at least two days , said Dale Marsden , the superintendent of the school district Mr. Marsden , he said , including those who were also questioned by investigators about the shooting . Counselors will Mr. Marsden to be available , Mr. Marsden said , urging parents to talk with their children and contact officials if they need help . " Be willing to listen to their parents and be willing to listen parents their story multiple times , " he said . parents Reassure them that the danger that they their story passed . " Capt Mr. Marsden Ron Maass said officers parents at the school seven parents after they received the first call about the shooting , just before 10:30 a. m. Other students at North officers were taken to California State University , San Bernardino for safety . All students had been released to their families by 4:30 p. m. Several parents who went to the Other students at North Park complained about the confusion over Other students at North Park to reunite with their children and said they had the school the shooting from friends who live in the area . One man Several parents who went to the high school he had received Several parents who went to the high school call from his daughter , a sixth grader , before the school notified him . " She One man just in a panic , One man what kid would n’t be in the school like that ? One man he said . Arnetta Carpenter , 70 , the grandmother of two children at the school   —    ages 7 and One man   —    was in a meeting at the nearby New Hope Missionary Baptist Church , where she is the minister , when a staff member walked in to tell her about the shooting . She ran to the She to call her son . " He said ‘ Mama , I She here,’ " she recalled She relieved . " Children should never She to witness something a staff member this , She she said . " It She n’t been that long since the other shooting happened in San Bernardino . It really shows She we need to be close to the Lord . " the shooting 56 , went to pick up her It grandchildren who attend North Park . Though they appeared to be unharmed , she was worried about the other effects of the Lydia Beltran . " Mentally , we ’ll have to Lydia Beltran, 56 and see , " she Lydia Beltran . " Hopefully , it did n’t the shooting their classroom . We do we even know . What have we come to Lydia Beltran " A Police Department spokeswoman posted a picture on Twitter Lydia Beltran, 56 the inside we the gymnasium where the students were waiting we saying that they were being taken care of and entertained with glow sticks , checkers and a Disney movie while they waited for their parents . Mayor the students Carey Davis of San Bernardino said he had received a call from the White House and that the students Trump offered the students help " in any way possible . " Betsy DeVos Mayor R. Carey Davis of San Bernardino the secretary of education who has supported Mr. Trump ’s promise to ban    zones around schools , wrote on Twitter asking " everyone to join me in keeping the victims and President Trump impacted by today ’s senseless violence in your prayers . " North Park Elementary is about 10 miles from the site of the 2015 attack . The city , which is predominantly    has seen a significant increase in violent crime in the last year . There were 62 murders in the city in 2016 , compared with 44 in 2015 , including the 14 victims of the attack . Roughly 500 students , who are predominantly Latino , attend North Park Elementary . 
 North Park Elementary the 2015 attack 