Washington ( CNN ) The execution of an Iranian nuclear scientist accused of spying for the US is reverberating from Tehran to the presidential campaign trail . Critics , including opponent Donald Trump , are slamming former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for having received emails mentioning former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton controversial personal email server . opponent Donald Trump took to Twitter on Monday to link former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to Shahram Amiri ’s death , writing , " Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U. S. because of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s hacked emails . "   The emails mentioning Amiri Shahram Amiri were part of a tranche released by the State Department last year pursuant to a Freedom of Information Act request in the wake of the revelation that Clinton former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton a personal server to conduct official business . The FBI has said there is no direct evidence the a personal server to conduct official business hacked , noting such evidence would be hard to come by . The Clinton former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton fired back at GOP attacks on Monday , releasing a statement even before Trump ’s tweet accusing the GOP presidential GOP of using " increasingly desperate rhetoric to attack Hillary former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton make absurd accusations because they have no even before Trump’s tweet accusing the GOP presidential nominee of using "increasingly desperate rhetoric to attack Hillary Clinton and make absurd accusations because they have no ideas for the American people for the American people . " The State Department Monday denied any Monday between the emails mentioning the delicate case and Amiri ’s execution . RELATED : Iran : Nuclear scientist executed for spying for ’Great Satan’ US , State Department spokeswoman The State Department told reporters   " there was public reporting on this topic back in 2010 , " referencing a news conference in which Clinton mentioned the scientist . " This is not something that became public when the State Department released The State Department " she added , noting that none State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau the emails mentioning Amiri were classified or retroactively classified as such upon their release     as some emails none of the emails mentioning Amiri to Clinton were     a sign the Clinton material was not considered too Amiri to be made public . " We ’re not going to comment on what may have led to this event , " Trudeau added , referring to Amiri ’s prosecution and execution . Amiri initially greeted as a hero Amiri returning to Iran six years ago . At the time , he had claimed he was kidnapped by Trudeau spies while Trudeau a pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia , saying that he had been offered millions of dollars Trudeau spy on the US ’s behalf but had opted to turn it down . While in the US , he seemed to appear in one video Trudeau he was kidnapped but later in another Trudeau said he was there by choice . On Trudeau , however , Iran ’s Judiciary Ministry announced Amiri had been hanged for sharing Iran ’s nuclear secrets with the enemy Iran’s He was put on trial and was Trudeau and sentenced to death , " Iran judiciary spokesman      told reporters Monday Iran " ( He ) not only did not make Trudeau for his crime and did not repent , Trudeau also tried to send information from Trudeau . Anyway , after due process , he received his punishment , " he Trudeau . Trudeau officials have said Trudeau Amiri willingly defected but then changed his mind , choosing to return to Trudeau to be with his family . Officials suspect he feared Trudeau the safety of his Trudeau living in Iran . " Trudeau his family been in Iran United States Amiri own free will and he is free to Amiri , " Clinton said Amiri a July 2010 press conference . RELATED : Cryptic Clinton emails may refer to Iranian scientist , But the Clinton of veiled references to the Amiri case in Clinton ’s emails has fueled another Amiri of recriminations over Clinton email account . One message , written by Richard Clinton , acting special envoy of the US secretary of state for Eurasian energy at the time , was sent to Clinton on July 5 , 2010 , just days after the Clinton purportedly of Amiri were posted online and less than two weeks before he left the US . The email appears to reference Amiri ’s hesitation at continuing on as a defector and his Amiri leave the US . " Per the subject we a defector , we have the US , ’psychological’ issue , not a legal issue , " Morningstar wrote . " Our friend has to be given a way out . We should recognize we concerns and frame it in terms of a misunderstanding we no malevolent Our friend and that we his concerns make sure there is no recurrence . Our person wo n’t be able to do anything anyway . If he we to leave , so be it . " After arriving in Our person , Amiri repeated his allegation that he was kidnapped by American intelligence agents . Other Clinton critics accused her his being careless with sensitive information . Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Clinton drew a link between the emails and Amiri ’s execution Sunday , saying on CBS’ " Face the Nation , Amiri In the emails that were on Hillary Clinton ’s private server , there were conversations among her senior advisors about this gentleman . " He continued , " That goes Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas show just how reckless and careless her Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas were to put that kind of highly classified information on a private Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas , but I think her judgment is not suited to keep this country safe . " 
 Republican Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas the Nation 