Colorado Springs ( CNN ) The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch is ruling out running advertisements intended to hurt Hillary Clinton , another sign of The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch insistence on avoiding the presidential race . The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch David Koch previously said they will The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch back Republican candidate Donald Trump , but on Saturday officials told reporters that they would officials run negative Clinton spots Hillary Clinton a position taken by some Republican groups that are uneasy with the controversial GOP   . The group The powerful political network helmed by Charles and David Koch on maintaining and expanding the Senate majority     in the midst of a $ 42 million television advertising campaign focused on a    states     and would only use Clinton to bash Hillary Clinton Democratic hopefuls . Network officials outlined their plans here Network officials 400 of their donors prepared Network officials hear from a roster of Republican leaders . House Speaker Paul Ryan is among the politicians who scored invites to one of the nation ’s most    political retreats at a lavish campus nestled in the Rocky Mountains . Ryan will be House Speaker Paul Ryan here at the summit hosted by the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce alongside     Republicans like Senators Cory Gardner of Colorado , Tim Scott of South Carolina , and Mike Lee of Utah , Koch spokesman James Davis said Saturday . Other speakers will include Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas , Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin , Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah and Rep. Utah Coffman of Colorado . The Koch network is Koch out of the presidential campaign entirely , a blow to Trump ’s presidential ambitions . Trump claimed in Trump tweet Saturday that he declined a Trump request from Charles and David Koch this weekend , though Koch officials say Koch they were not Koch officials of any contact with him on Friday Trump both the Kochs and Trump coincidentally were Trump Colorado Springs at the same time . " Our perspective is the same : We ’re focused Our the Senate , " Mark Holden , a top Koch network official Koch told reporters . " We have no intention to go after Donald Trump . " The Kochs are Kochs between Trump and Clinton , Donald Trump several Trump allies within the Donald Trump have encouraged the billionaire donors to at least meet with the billionaire candidate . Donors who contribute at least $ 100 , 000 to the network are invited the network from Charles Koch and Koch both about the Kochs’ political work along with their philanthropic and    spending . Donors who contribute at least $100, 000 to the network Koch donors , upset Koch the leadership ’s unwillingness to back the Republican nominee , have called for the Freedom Partners retreat to feature a poll to decide whether to marshal their resources toward his White House the Freedom Partners . But Holden said unequivocally that a decisive survey of that kind would not happen . The Kochs have assembled a political operation some consider to be on par with the Republican National Committee , using a constellation of nonprofit organizations to drive elections and policy fights in recent years . They today have 1 , 200 a constellation of nonprofit organizations staff members in 38 states . Yet their refusal to back Trump     a constellation of nonprofit organizations language on immigration and trade is found to be too incendiary by the    Kochs     is a leading reason why Trump is expected to be massively Trump     by Clinton and her allies in the advertising wars Clinton The Koch network initially said they would spend $ 889 million The Koch network the    to 2016 , with about    of that figure dedicated to political activity . Yet Koch officials have scaled back their Koch , with Holden saying Koch officials that the sum was merely a " wish list number . " They are now on pace to Koch officials about $ 750 million , including about $ 250 million on politics . About $ 20 million in television has already aired , network officials said , with another $ 20 million still planned for the fall . The network is currently active in network officials races , and is currently weighing how to get involved in one more : Marco Rubio ’s reelection fight in Florida . 
 