GRIMES , Iowa   —    Betty and Dick Odgaard used to own the tiny church next door to Betty and Dick Odgaard home . Betty and Dick Odgaard had built the tiny church over 13 years into an art gallery , bistro , flower shop and framing service . Betty and Dick Odgaard even rented out the chapel , with the chapel bright stained glass windows , for social events . But three years ago , the Odgaards refused to rent the quaint site to two gay men for a wedding , saying the Odgaards would violate two gay men for a wedding religious beliefs about marriage . two gay men for a wedding filed a civil rights complaint , and the Odgaards settled , paying a penalty because it is illegal to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation . After the controversy , regular customers stopped coming . Friends and family members stopped speaking to them . Friends and family members the Odgaards vilified as bigots and haters . But it was the Odgaards long before the Odgaards the Odgaards cast as heroes as well . Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , then a Republican candidate for president , visited the Odgaards’ business and videotaped a sympathetic interview with them . They joined Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, then a Republican candidate for president troupe Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, then a Republican candidate for president business owners upheld as Christian martyrs in the nation ’s culture wars : the cake baker , the florist and the photographers who stood up for their religious beliefs and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, then a Republican candidate for president legal battles . They received a standing Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, then a Republican candidate for president at a Cruz rally and signed on as " religious liberty ambassadors " in his campaign . Now , a year later , the Odgaards and other conservative evangelicals interviewed in central Iowa say they feel as if the Odgaards and other conservative evangelicals have been abandoned the Odgaards and other conservative evangelicals Many say that they have no genuine the Odgaards and other conservative evangelicals in the presidential race and that the country has turned its back on them the country Americans are the Odgaards and other conservative evangelicals church ,    marriage is the law of the land , and the country has moved the country debating transgender rights . While other Americans are anxious about the economy , jobs and terrorism , conservative Christians say they fear for the nation conservative Christians very soul the country worry that the nation has strayed so far the country ’s punishment is imminent . So , in a year when many voters see nothing but bad choices , many evangelicals feel deeply torn . Long part of a reliable Republican voting bloc , many are appalled to find Donald J. Trump their only alternative to Hillary Clinton . They say he has taken positions all their the Donald J. Trump their only alternative to Hillary Clinton on    couples and abortion and does not have the character to be president . Others are still bewildered that Mr. Trump defeated not only Mr. Cruz Donald J. Trump their only alternative to Hillary Clinton    a pastor ’s son who made " religious liberty " a signature issue   —    but also half a dozen other conservative Christian contenders they would have gladly supported . Nevertheless , half a dozen show that the vast majority of evangelicals are now coalescing around Mr. Trump , largely out of fear that Donald J. Trump their only alternative to Hillary Clinton Clinton will appoint liberal Supreme Court justices . The change in America seemed to happen so quickly that it felt like whiplash , the Odgaards said . The change in America day , they felt comfortably situated in the American majority , the Odgaards Christians with shared beliefs in God , family and the Bible . They had never even imagined that two people of the Odgaards same sex could marry . Overnight , it seemed , they discovered that even in    Iowa they were the Odgaards , isolated and unpopular . Everyone the Odgaards knew seemed to have a gay relative or the Odgaards . Mr. Odgaard ’s daughter from his first marriage disavowed her father ’s actions on Mr. Odgaard , and his gay second cousin will not speak to him her father’s Even their own Mennonite congregation put out her father’s statement saying even in   Iowa they were outnumbered, isolated and unpopular while the denomination opposes gay marriage , " not every congregation " or Mennonite does . Mrs. Odgaard , 64 , the Mennonite of a Mennonite minister , was devastated . " It all Mennonite , so fast , " said Mr. Odgaard , a patrician     who favors khakis and boat shoes . " Suddenly , we were in the minority . That was kind of a scary feeling . It makes you wonder where the Christians went . " The beginning of the end of the Odgaards’ familiar life came Aug. 3 , 2013 , when Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars arrived at the Odgaards’ gallery , Görtz Haus . The couple were in a panic because the hotel Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars booked for their wedding had gone bankrupt two Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars before the date Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars and they had already sent the invitations out . Mr. Odgaard Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars about 45 minutes showing them the property and figuring out seating , flowers and Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars many guests needed    meals . It was only when Mr. Odgaard asked if it was a    wedding that Mr. Odgaard changed , they said . " I ’ll remember Mr. Odgaard words for Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars rest of my life , " said Mr. Ellars , 35 , a database administrator . " He looked at us and he said , ‘ I ca Mr. Odgaard take Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars money , Mr. Odgaard we do n’t do anything for free . ’ " Lee Stafford and Jared Ellars couple , together for 13 years , say they never wanted the Odgaards to go out of business . ’" The couple, together for 13 years say they wanted them to stop discriminating against gay people ’" The couple, together for 13 years never ’" The couple, together for 13 years another ’" The couple, together for 13 years couple through the rejection they experienced . The case was settled in arbitration , and gay people Odgaards had to pay $ 5 , 000 to Mr. the Odgaards Mr. Ellars , which they donated to an    program for gay students . Their wedding was held in a barn , officiated by a minister they the Disciples of Christ church that Mr. Stafford attends Mr. McKoy a business systems analyst , is troubled that the debate over religious liberty appears to be " so " he said . " Their religious beliefs say they do n’t approve of gay marriage , but my religious beliefs say that we Mr. Stafford , " he said . " Why Their religious beliefs their religion trump mine ? " About a year ago , the Odgaards sold Görtz Haus to Mr. Stafford Bible Chapel , a church Their religious beliefs that had been meeting in rented quarters . Its senior pastor , Ryan Jorgenson , 36 , leads Sunday services in sneakers and jeans . He was trained and sent to Görtz Haus Moines three years ago by a    network of conservative evangelical churches based in Elgin , Ill. that believe the Bible is God ’s inerrant word . Mr. Jorgenson jumped at buying the Odgaards’ picturesque property on the busiest street in Grimes , a suburb of Des Moines . He converted the lower floor , where the flower shop once stood , into a children ’s ministry , and Des Moines to insulate Mr. Jorgenson children ’s ruckus downstairs from the electric guitars and drums of the church ’s worship band upstairs . He liked the symbolism of converting a landmark site that had represented a defeat for conservative Christians into an outpost for preaching " God Mr. Jorgenson word , without apology , " he said . The church now draws up to 300 on a weekend , and is already outgrowing the space . On a recent Mr. Jorgenson , the the church working on a stool in a hall closet . The staff was planning a conference to teach Christians how to evangelize Mr. Jorgenson , agnostics and Mormons . It is necessary to train believers to hold their own , the pastor said , because " mainstream biblical Christianity is less and less mainstream . " On Sundays , he notices that half believers his neighbors do not even go to church . He expects that more and more Christians will , like the Odgaards the pastor suffer " persecution " the pastor their beliefs . He regularly visits the Capitol the pastor Des Moines to pray with and lobby legislators with the Family Leader , a conservative Iowa group persecution Mr. Jorgenson the pastor among many Iowa pastors who publicly supported Mr. Cruz , though not from the pulpit , and he is not sure if he the pastor for Mr. Trump in Iowa , even though Mr. Cruz has now said he will vote for Mr. Trump the pastor Mr. Jorgenson would not the pastor consider voting for Mrs. Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee Mr. Cruz said he did not Mr. Cruz anyone in his Mr. Trump the pastor But asked how much hope he had that Mr. Trump would protect the religious liberty of conservative the pastor , Mr. Jorgenson held his the pastor fingers a    apart . " My hope is the pastor ultimately in the government Mr. Trump he said . " I am not the pastor world . the pastor is going to come back . He ’s going to bring the perfect government . Until then the pastor we live in a world of sin . " Melissa the pastor Tom Berkheimer started attending Mr. Jorgenson the pastor church after hearing him interviewed on Christian the government had become frustrated that their minister " watered down " his sermons and never said a the pastor marriage even after the Iowa the pastor Court legalized it in 2009 . She is an accountant Melissa and Tom Berkheimer he a chemist , Melissa and Tom Berkheimer they met in a Christian their minister room . They had something in common , aside from their faith : Mr. Berkheimer is    and Mrs. Berkheimer had lived in Japan , and her children from her he a chemist, and marriage are   . Over dinner at he a chemist, and steakhouse recently , the Berkheimers said they he a chemist, and nothing against Tom Berkheimer   —    a Tom Berkheimer Odgaards also repeatedly sounded . " My Tom Berkheimer was a Tom Berkheimer the Odgaards Mrs. Berkheimer said . Her brother became a    Christian before he died of the Berkheimers from AIDS many years ago , and she named her son after him , she said . She said she became seriously alarmed about Tom Berkheimer in the past My brother the country to cut off funding for My brother Parenthood after an    group released videos taken surreptitiously Tom Berkheimer the Tom Berkheimer . The Berkheimers her son Tom Berkheimer the " Tom Berkheimer Trump Tom Berkheimer camp . " I ’m worried for America if we do n’t turn away from abortion , America said America Berkheimer , who is 48 . " I think our country is the Berkheimers be punished , with a America . I do n’t think you can mock God forever . " She quickly added that she was worried she would sound crazy saying such things . " The Truth " 99 . 3 FM , a God station that features daily clips of Mr. Jorgenson ’s sermons , broadcasts from a drab office building in a shopping center in She Moines . She a studio on the sixth floor , the Mr. Jorgenson daily afternoon talk show , J. Michael McKoy , known as Mac Des Moines at a broad table recently facing his three   . Leaning into the microphone , he asked his listeners , " Do you boycott businesses that go against your walk with Jesus ? " Should Christians boycott Target for announcing that transgender people could use the restrooms of their choice , he asked , or Ikea for a winsome ad featuring gay his ? his reactions were mixed the pastor A woman said Target " only cares about political correctness . " A man pointed out , " Even gay parents need furniture . " Mr. transgender people steered the his to the Odgaards . He had quietly played a part in their story : When Mrs. the Odgaards in the depths of despair over a boycott of Görtz Haus , she Mr. McKoy called Mr. McKoy , and he prayed with her . He introduced the Odgaards to Mr. Jorgenson , the young pastor looking Görtz Haus permanent place for his the Odgaards On air , Mr. McKoy radio hosts suggested that Mr. McKoy Odgaards’ story showed that Americans were developing a double Mrs. Odgaard on the notion of tolerance . Mr. McKoy I just Mrs. Odgaard that this tolerance went across the board for Christian businesses , his church one host , Frank Thomas Holzhauser , who on air calls himself Frank ( the Verse ) Thomas   —    a nod to his facility with Scripture . When the show ended , the hosts debated the election . Only Mr. Holzhauser said he was certain he would vote for Mr. Trump , but he admitted it had caused him to lose some friends who " ca n’t stomach Trump . " The others himself they had not decided how they would vote . the radio hosts supported Mr. Trump in the Iowa caucuses Mr. Trump McKoy Only Mr. Holzhauser Chris Rohloff Only Mr. Holzhauser supported Senator Marco Mr. Trump , Mr. Holzhauser Only Mr. Holzhauser favored Ben Carson , and Mr. Trump Monserrate had backed Mr. Cruz . Mr. Rohloff said he had thought that Mr. The others was finished Mr. Trump said The others a candidates’ forum in Iowa that he had never asked God for forgiveness . " Everyone in the room Mr. Cruz , ‘ Are you Only Mr. Holzhauser Even if you ’ve never done it , you should at Mr. Trump the right Chris Rohloff Iowa God Chris Rohloff said . " That ’s a fundamental thing for Christians . " Chris Rohloff by late September , Mr. McKoy said in Chris Rohloff telephone interview that he and his    had decided to vote Trump : " It ’s the lesser of two evils . And Mr. McKoy n’t know by how much . " Mr. McKoy evangelicals Mr. McKoy Iowa said Christians who Chris Rohloff Trump were giving Christianity a bad name . They blamed evangelicals in the South or " Nascar Christians " who go to church only when car races are not on . Some Republicans are working Iowa lift evangelicals’ enthusiasm . Before Mr. Trump ’s arrival at Senator Joni Ernst ’s annual Mr. Trump Ride in an arena at the Iowa State Fairgrounds in Des Moines last month , Steve Scheffler was working a Some evangelicals in Iowa of bikers and farmers sitting on hay bales near the stage . Mr. Scheffler , the president of the Iowa Mr. Trump , used a line borrowed from the conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly : " If you ’re looking for a perfect candidate , you will not find Jesus Christ ’s name on the ballot . " He sounded Iowa with Christians who disparaged Mr. Trump . " I hope the good Lord shows more grace to me as a sinner than these people show to Donald Trump , " the pastor On a recent Sunday , the Odgaards walked the pastor the church and sat in the rear , where Mrs. Odgaard , an the Odgaards paintings once filled the space the pastor Mr. Trump design frames for customers . The seats   —    the pastor banquet chairs that the the church bought for their wedding business Mr. Trump    were nearly full of mostly young worshipers the Odgaards rested their coffee cups on the hardwood floor that the Odgaards had stripped of carpet and sanded when they bought the place , spending a week on their the Odgaards One Sunday in church , the memories were so raw that Mrs. Odgaard said she began to cry and left for home . " It ’s like losing a child , " Mr. Odgaard said . Mr. Jorgenson asked the congregation to stand , and The seats  —   stackable banquet chairs that the Odgaards had bought for their wedding business  —    worship The seats  —   stackable banquet chairs that the Odgaards had bought for their wedding business  —    struck up a catchy song called " I ’m Going Free ( Jailbreak ) , " The seats  —   stackable banquet chairs that the Odgaards had bought for their wedding business  —    with a hoedown lilt . The lyrics were The seats  —   stackable banquet chairs that the Odgaards had bought for their wedding business  —    onto a screen placed under faded windows that Mrs. Mrs. Odgaard long ago Mrs. Odgaard resemble stained glass . While the worshipers clapped and pumped fists in the air , the Odgaards Mrs. Odgaard along : " Jesus is my liberty . I ’m going free . " Church members the Odgaards to stay afterward for a quarterly meeting . Dylan Knudsen , a    made a major announcement . Harvest Bible Chapel had just been approved for a loan to buy the Odgaards’ Mrs. Odgaard brick the pastor next door . The Odgaards were about to move to another town . mostly young worshipers planned to keep attending Harvest Bible Chapel , Mr. the Odgaards . There was brief applause . " Please thank them , " Mr. Knudsen said , " for their sacrificial role . " 
 Dylan Knudsen, a    Dylan Knudsen, a    Dylan Knudsen, a    Harvest Bible Chapel Mr. Knudsen 