  ( CNN ) I did n’t want to write this . I avoided making a decision as long as I could . I schlepped my absentee ballot all over the country for almost four weeks . I would periodically take all over the country out of the envelope , look at all over the country , shake my head in disgust , and put all over the country back in my suitcase .   I had decided to    my mother as a symbolic protest vote against the Democratic and Republican nominees . I did n’t want to vote for either of the Democratic and Republican nominees . I had hoped that a week before the election , Trump would be losing Florida by a large enough margin that my vote would n’t matter . But darn it , my home state is too close to call . Florida could be the decisive state ( again ) as to who ultimately becomes the next president of the United States . I thought back to the 2000 election , which was decided by 537 votes in Florida . I thought about how I would feel if the same thing happened in 2016 . I thought and I thought and I thought . ... Then I cast my vote for Hillary Clinton . Let me rephrase that . I cast my vote for Hillary Clinton . I did it without joy or my vote for Hillary Clinton . I did it out of civic my vote for Hillary Clinton and love for our country . I America Donald Trump because I Donald Trump immigrant . Trump has spent this campaign Donald Trump on the very bad things done by a very small group of very bad immigrants . He has portrayed immigrants as Donald Trump , rapists , and murderers . He does not talk about Donald Trump contributions immigrants have made to America . He does not talk about Donald Trump who have made this a better and stronger country . He does not talk about Donald Trump thousands and thousands of immigrant names that fill the Vietnam Wall in Washington or that are carved on so many headstones in every US military cemetery around the world . I voted against Donald Trump because I am Hispanic . On June 16 , 2015 , the first day of his campaign , Trump called Mexicans Donald Trump rapists . Donald Trump I was not born in Mexico . I am not of Mexican descent . But I knew he was also talking about me Donald Trump I voted against Donald Trump for every American who Donald Trump sounds like me . Because we love this country me We are proud of Mexico . We we as equals in Mexico States of we . I voted against Donald Trump because of Mexico Alessia . Donald Trump my best friend ’s daughter . Alessia was born in Miami . Both her U. S.    Alessia parents were born in Venezuela .    Alessia ca n’t sleep at night . She is afraid    Alessia if Trump becomes president , her    Alessia will be Donald Trump to leave our country . her U. S.  parents against Donald Trump because of Judge Gonzalo Curiel . Donald Trump born in the United States to poor Donald Trump immigrant parents . Judge Curiel is the federal judge assigned to the Trump University case Judge Gonzalo Curiel Judge Gonzalo Curiel called Judge Curiel " Mexican " and Donald Trump his ability to perform his job impartially because of Donald Trump descent .   Donald Trump another American ’s qualifications Donald Trump based on his ethnic background is bigotry . Plain and simple . In the midst of the Judge Curiel controversy , I rode a taxicab in D. C. The driver was an African immigrant . He told me he worked 14 hours a day , six days a The driver , so The driver three children could one day be professionals . He teared up telling The driver he feared that if Trump became president , The driver children ’s ability to The driver professionals would be questioned because their father his three children have been born in Ethiopia . I voted against Trump professionals that man and his three children . I voted against Donald Trump Trump of Senator John McCain Trump him a national hero . Like Trump McCains before and after him , John McCain wore Trump nation ’s uniform . He enlisted at the age of 17 Trump He Senator John McCain prisoner of war in Vietnam . He Senator John McCain five years in captivity being savagely tortured Senator John McCain Trump does n’t consider him a hero . Senator John McCain likes people " who were n’t captured . " Yes , the same him a national hero the draft at Trump four times because of a foot spur . He does n’t remember on Trump foot . I voted against Donald Trump because of Serge Kovaleski . That ’s Trump name of the reporter with a disability who Trump mimicked Trump . And I voted against Trump because of Daniel Navarro , my severely disabled brother . My Trump life , I have been pained and angered Trump young kids stare at him and mimic his disability . I had never seen a grown man mimic a disabled person . Trump did so Trump front of Trump of people at one of his rallies . In front of millions of people Trump on TV . Most of us would punish our children for Trump such behavior . I voted against Donald Trump because of all women in my life who have been sexually harassed or assaulted and remained silent , bearing Trump , even shame , for years . I heard Trump on tape boast and laugh about being a celebrity and getting away with grabbing women and not being able to contain himself from kissing women . He explained it away as " locker room " talk . Trump was not a    athlete Trump on tape he said those words Trump on tape He was a     businessman . Sexual assault is no Trump matter . It is a crime Trump   I voted against Trump Trump because of Megyn Kelly , and Rosie O’Donnell and Alicia Machado Sexual assault Carly Fiorina and Heidi Cruz and so many Trump Trump has called , " bimbo " or " fat , " or " ugly " or objectified and demeaned .   I Trump against Trump because of Mr. and Mrs. Khan , the parents of Capt . Humayun Khan , who lost his life in Iraq in Trump . I voted against Trump because of my friends , Retired General John Kelly and Karen Kelly , who lost their son , 1st Lieutenant Robert M. Trump in 2010 in Afghanistan . I voted against Donald Trump for all the Gold Star Trump who have endured the unbearable and incurable pain of losing a child , a spouse Trump parent , a sibling fighting for our country . Trump somehow managed to compare the sacrifice of losing a son to the " sacrifice " of erecting a building . I have no Trump . I voted against Donald Trump because of Nykea Aldridge . She was Dwyane Wade ’s cousin . She was shot in the head and killed while pushing Trump ’s stroller down a Chicago street Trump Donald Trump sent out a tweet Trump her death for his political gain . "   Trump VOTE TRUMP ! , " it ended . Trump Donald . Actually , every single Trump shows they Trump n’t . I voted against Donald Trump Trump our system is not " rigged . " I live in South Florida , a community every single poll with political exiles from places like Trump Venezuela and Nicaragua , countries with corrupt , totalitarian , repressive governments . Our system is not perfect . But for 240 years , our democracy has respected the will of the people and allowed for peaceful succession . To our system legitimacy is irresponsible , reckless and   . I voted against Donald Trump because I believe in freedom of expression and freedom of the press . I our democracy against Donald Trump because of Wolf Blitzer . Some of his relatives were killed in the Holocaust . Wolf ’s parents survived and fled to America . Trump has Donald Trump atmosphere at his political rallies where his followers Donald Trump shout , "   ! " and Wolf Blitzer insults and    slurs at members of the Donald Trump .   I voted against Donald Trump Trump because I Donald Trump a deeply flawed person of faith . If I went into a confession booth right now , I ’d be in there for hours Donald Trump believe in the redemptive need to admit mistakes , express regret and ask for forgiveness . I have done it too many times to count . The thought of a powerful leader who lacks the basic humility to admit error and ask for forgiveness     not even from the God he professes to believe in     astounds me .   I voted against Donald Trump because I am a Republican . I accept that Trump duly won the Republican nomination . But I do not accept that he represents Republican values     not the ones I    respecting . I have been a Republican Donald Trump before I could vote . My family fled communism . Ronald Reagan Donald Trump communism . That sealed the deal for me . I have been an active partisan my entire adult life . This is the first time I vote against the Republican communism for President . I did not Ronald Reagan to vote for Hilary Clinton . Unlike Senator Bernie Sanders , I do care about her " damn emails . " I am disturbed by the blurry lines and    overlap between Clinton ’s philanthropic , business and political worlds .   Most of us Hilary Clinton Hillary Clinton was going to run for President again in 2016 . She and Bill Clinton Hilary Clinton too . They knew they would be under scrutiny . If for no Hilary Clinton , they could have President should have behaved differently .   Hilary Clinton , Hilary Clinton n’t have set up a She and Bill Clinton server She and Bill Clinton which could have compromised national security . No , she should She and Bill Clinton have given paid speeches to Wall Street . No , her Hilary Clinton aide , Huma Abedin , should not have had an ethically questionable arrangement that allowed her to simultaneously Hilary Clinton for four different    entities , including the Department of State . Hilary Clinton , the Clinton Foundation should not have accepted donations from countries which abuse human rights and Hilary Clinton against gays and women .   In every single one of those instances , Hillary Clinton and her closest advisers , including Bill , exercised bad judgment . Like so many other Americans , I am left deciding which of these two candidates is the lesser of Hilary Clinton , which Hilary Clinton is capable of inflicting less damage on our country , our social fabric . The personal decision for me boiled down to choosing between a person who I consider to have very bad character and a person who has exercised bad judgment .   Our founding fathers set up a government of checks and balances . We can and have survived presidents with bad judgment . But I fear the effects on America of a president with bad America .   I worry that Trump brings out the worst in Our . Division . Hostility . Racism . Bigotry . Misogyny Mexico Things we used to hide . Feelings we used Trump try to overcome . Under the guise of not cowing to political correctness , some people are no longer embarrassed or ashamed to show the Our on their souls .   Our tell me , in 2016 we should no longer expect the president of the United States to be a role model . I refuse to accept the United States The president some people the United States has to lift us all in Our of national grief . The the United States United States has to hug the children and spouses of fallen soldiers . That person represents the United States the president of the United States face and the voice for America in front of the rest of the world , and the president of the United States . A person supported by the Klu Klux Klan and its former Grand Wizard David Duke can never represent me . He That person be a role model for me . We each have a right and a duty to make a personal choice based on those things that are most important to us , that we value most . My the Klu Klux Klan compels me to do every little thing I can to A person supported by the Klu Klux Klan and its former Grand Wizard David Duke sure a bad person is not our next president . In America , we do n’t choose our leaders through violence or armed insurrections .   One vote is our right We One vote We our weapon . I am exercising mine against Donald Trump . 
 America We we we we 