Washington ( CNN ) The few major financial supporters of Donald Trump on Saturday declined to follow the lead of many Republican elected officials and immediately rebuke many Republican elected officials chosen candidate . And the top donor family     the Mercers     is    on attacking Bill and Hillary Clinton . The most prominent donor families behind Donald Trump the Mercers , Ricketts and Adelsons     on Saturday Saturday no indication they The most prominent donor families behind Trump    the Mercers, Ricketts and Adelsons     ditch the GOP nominee , despite the endless string of mass defections by senior Republicans caused by his the GOP nominee scandal : the emergence of a    video in which Trump Donald Trump spoke about a married woman with whom he the GOP nominee tried to have sex .   In a remarkable and lengthy statement , the generally reclusive Rebekah and Bob Mercer vociferously defended Trump , who they the generally reclusive Rebekah and Bob Mercer dedicated millions to supporting through a super PAC and retain enormous influence . " Donald Donald Trump uncensored comments , both old and new , have been echoed and dissected in the media repeatedly in an effort to kindle among his supporters Donald Trump conflagration of outrage commensurate with the media the media outrage , " the two Mercers said in a statement , first reported by the Washington Post . " Can anyone really be surprised that Mr. Trump Donald Trump said to Mr. Bush such Donald Trump he has already admitted Donald Trump ? No . We are completely indifferent to Mr. Trump ’s locker Donald Trump " And then they went after Bill Clinton     and his long history of infidelity and alleged misconduct Bill Clinton " The same media that resolutely looked away when the most powerful man in the world , a sitting U. S. president with multiple violent sexual assaults to his credit , snared an impressionable young intern U. S. his web and ruined her life , now U. S. us to gasp an impressionable young intern revulsion at Mr. Trump ’s irreverent comments , " they said . " Those among the politcal revulsion at Mr. Trump who quake before the    of media blather do not appreciate the apocalyptic choice that America faces on November 8 . " That view was mirrored     perhaps not as colorfully     in an email late Friday night from Foster Friess , an evangelical megadonor , to his list of supporters . Friess did not specifically reference the new videotape , but sent his fans a list of policies where he Friess more alignment with Trump than Clinton Friess " The most relevant point is the importance of ceasing the distracting discussion of what she did and what he said and move Friess to ask whose Friess are in our personal best interest , " he wrote . " We can remove the Friess nastiness of emphasizing candidates’ personal behavior which will not affect our lives compared to the policies implemented . " A pair of other prominent GOP donor families , the Adelson and Ricketts families , made no moves Friday or Saturday to distance themselves from Trump , even as many of A pair of other prominent GOP donor families, the Adelson and Ricketts families politicians they support did exactly that . Adelson is A pair of other prominent GOP donor families, the Adelson and Ricketts families at least $ 25 million Adelson    efforts organized by the Ricketts family , a recent infusion of cash that arrived when Trump was at a high point in the Trump . Trump ’s roster of financial supporters was already Trump , in part due to his previous comments on everything from immigrants to Trump policy . But Trump has made significant progress in recent weeks Trump the presidential horse race narrowed     only to risk that all with this weekend ’s lewd remarks . There has been no massive donor exodus so far , according to Republican fundraising sources , but new dialogue is unfolding . Republican sources say one option now under consideration is ending the joint fundraising agreement between the campaign and the Republican National Committee , part of a strategy to allow the RNC to focus its fundraising exclusively on downballot races . It the RNC also give donors opposed to Trump the RNC way to continue to support the party . But the    and    nonprofit , 45Committee , is not changing its plans or strategies going forward , according the RNC a source familiar with its plans . Both the Adelson and Ricketts the RNC were heartened by the addition of Mike Pence to the ticket , who carried deep relationships with Republican donors and has proven to be an effective fundraiser . But the initial fraying between Pence and Trump on Saturday could send a signal to donors to stay away . That signal is not being sent yet , a signal to donors to stay away On Saturday evening     even as he scrapped public campaign events     Pence arrived in Rhode Island for one event Mike Pence a    fundraiser . Also Saturday , at least one Democratic donor said Saturday events had energized him to give more : Facebook titan Dustin Moskovitz he who said " the events of the past few weeks " encouraged him to invest $ 15 million more this cycle he 
 