    Two men and two women in Chicago were arrested and charged Thursday with kidnapping and torturing a man , slicing off a piece of a man hair , down to a man scalp , with a knife . Many people were witness to the assault , because the assault was streamed on Facebook Live . Jordan Hill , Tesfaye Cooper , Brittany Covington , all 18 , and Tanishia Covington , who is 24 ( police had earlier said she was 18 , as well ) have each been charged with felony aggravated kidnapping , unlawful restraint , and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon . And because the suspects are all black , the victim white , and because video of the assault shows the suspects yelling , " fuck Donald Trump , " and " fuck white people , " the four have also been charged with a hate crime . Police said one of the the suspects the victim , who is 18 , from high school . The victim the victim reported missing Monday by his family , the victim is said to have    problems . He was taken the victim a stolen van from where his family had his family off to the victim a friend how he ended up the victim the suspects the suspects being investigated . In the video , the man sits in the victim of the room , bound , and with tape over his mouth . The suspects the victim the suspects of his sweatshirt , kick and hit the victim , and threaten his life the victim It ’s a the victim Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson called " sickening . " He said it displayed the " brazenness Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson the It who assaulted the victim and then broadcast it for the entire world to see It " Which raises the question : Why would someone    a crime ? " There ’s an easy answer , " N. G. Berrill , executive director of the the New York Center for Neuropsychology   Forensic Behavioral Science , told me , " which is that they ’re stupid . " Most of N. G. Berrill, executive director of the the New York Center for Neuropsychology  Forensic Behavioral Science approximately    video focuses on a woman who is apparently holding a cellphone and filming the assault . She blows smoke into the camera , flashes a few bottles of alcohol , even checks her hair . The three others in She    pop in and out and talk to the camera . At one point , dissatisfied with how few people have tuned in to watch the group assault the man , the woman with the cellphone says to her internet following , " You all the woman with the cellphone n’t even commenting on my shit . Ai n’t nobody watching my shit . " A bit later my shit after someone commented on her    she says , " What the woman with the cellphone , the woman with the cellphone ? " During all this , the bound victim can be heard pleading   . Stupidity may be one answer for the suspects’ actions . But the group also seems oblivious of their actions and callous to the victim ’s the group . Berrill said part of the reason they might have    the assault can be the group up to teen impulsiveness . " Obviously , there ’s not a lot of    thought here , " he said .    more difficult answer , Berrill , cuts close to a recent internet phenomenon that includes cases like Marina Lonina , the Ohio woman who filmed her underage friend being raped last year on Periscope , another    application . Lonina and her friend , who was 17 , went Lonina with     Raymond Boyd Gates , who was convicted last October of rape . Lonina told police later she intended to recorded Lonina assault so Gates Lonina stop , but , in the words of the prosecutor , " she got caught up in it by the Lonina of likes that her    was getting , so she continued Lonina do it . " Violence Lonina always attract attention it And in the Chicago video clip , the four teenagers boast about their intentions to harm the man , almost the four teenagers and building upon each other ’s claims , until one man tells viewers they plan to stick the victim in the the four teenagers of a car , put a brick on the gas pedal , then let it , " errrrrrrr    …      . " " It speaks to a kind of scary place in the culture where people are willing to expose their misled ideas , their sadism , their people perversion , their people behavior , people the accolades they people receive through social media , " people said . Police would later find the victim disoriented , wandering the streets on Chicago ’s West Side , an area that experienced heavy violence this past year , as has much of the city . This context is also important in understanding what happened : Last year the city had 762 homicides , a nearly the city increase from the previous year . In certain neighborhoods , violence is normal . Young kids , especially teenagers , can become desensitized to what may seem to the rest of the country as merely one horrific moment . " It is a perfect example of chaos , " Desmond Patton , an assistant professor of social work at Columbia University , and who studied at the University of Chicago , told me . " Number one they are young people , and young people have forever made dumb decisions and mistakes . But when this is embedded in an environment of violence , where violence is unaddressed , and in deprived communities , then these are the types of things that can happen . " The world in which some of the young men and women live can be horrifying , Patton said , and the    is partly a reflection of that . What may seem appalling and evil to the wider world , may not be too far beyond normal for some of these people —   it ’s just not typically broadcast for everyone to see . Many of the people Berrill studies in cases like this are    or    and , like a child repeatedly dropping a toy on the ground , they have trouble differentiating good and bad attention . This will probably get worse , Berrill said . Facebook ’s    application is relatively Berrill . It has been used to record the mundane , Facebook exceptionally heroic , the horrific , and in this case the sadistic . In that way , it is a reflection of society . But what Facebook new , Berrill said , is he wonders if this attack Berrill have even happened Berrill the assailants could not have broadcast it . " It ’s an element in these this attack that encourages this attack behavior , because they know immediately there ’s a built in audience these cases it , " he said . As people develop this attack communities and Berrill , there will always be a desire to attract more attention —   whether that ’s through Twitter , or   . And a shortcut to attract attention will always be to say or do something absurd , contentious , even violent . 
 