■    Donald J. Trump appears to side with the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange over United States intelligence agencies , with Vice    Mike Pence backing   Donald J. Trump up . ■ She ’s hired : Omarosa Manigault gets a White House post , as do some notable Trump loyalists . But   Donald J. Trump is leaning on Republican veterans in the Oval Office ’s top slots . ■ The    finds something " very strange " about his   Donald J. Trump briefing on Friday   —    even though the White House it was always White House for Friday . For the Republican Party , Mr. Assange , the WikiLeaks founder , was once purely a villain . He   Donald J. Trump little sympathy with conservatives after he   Donald J. Trump American military secrets from Iraq , published purloined diplomatic cables that could have gotten American sources killed and sought refuge in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , fleeing charges of rape . But now , Mr.   Donald J. Trump to be siding with Mr. Assange   Donald J. Trump conclusions of America ’s intelligence services . Mr. Assange appeared   Donald J. Trump News on Tuesday night with Sean Hannity , one of Mr. Trump ’s biggest   Donald J. Trump boosters , to declare once again that the Russians were not the source of the purloined emails that WikiLeaks released from the Democratic National Committee and the personal account of Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , John Podesta . Mr. Trump followed that appearance   Donald J. Trump series of Twitter posts on Wednesday that appeared to be preparing his followers for battle once more   Donald J. Trump on intelligence findings was released , most likely by Thursday . There were actually two separate hackings that the Obama administration has said came from Russian intelligence   —    with " 100 percent " certainty . As he has previously , Mr. Assange   Donald J. Trump : " Our   Donald J. Trump not the Russian government . It is not state parties . " But Mr. Our source has often said that the   Donald J. Trump not always know the identity of its sources . It is highly unlikely that anyone approaching the organization with the emails obtained by Russian government hacking would acknowledge the source , so it is likely that Mr. Assange can not be sure of the   Donald J. Trump the emails . Mr. Assange and Mr. Hannity did not address that , in addition to WikiLeaks , the leaked Democratic material was published by two mysterious websites , DCLeaks . com and a blog written by someone called Guccifer 2 . 0 . American intelligence agencies say they believe both were created by Russian agents . In addition American intelligence agencies American American intelligence agencies agencies , most private researchers also say they believe that the D. N. C. and Podesta hackings were most private researchers out on orders of Russian government officials , though a few skeptics say they believe Russian case is unproven by the evidence made public most private researchers Mr. Assange ’s statement is unlikely to change that conclusion . Intelligence officials will brief Congress on their Russia inquiry on Thursday , ahead of a briefing for Intelligence officials Trump in New York on Friday . Senator John McCain of Arizona , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , will hold the first hearing on the matter on Thursday as well . As for that " terrible " information Thursday by Mr. Trump , the CNN commentator Donna Brazile did send Mr. Mr. Trump in New York email ahead of a Democratic presidential debate in Flint , Mich. tipping him off that a woman in the audience would ask why the Mr. Podesta was not doing more to help clean the city ’s    water supply . That was , in fact , reported widely and often , here and here and here and here , among other places . And that was hardly an unexpected query   —    for Mrs. Clinton or for her rival , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont . It did cause Mrs. Clinton Brazile to lose her CNN post . The    appears to be getting a jump Ms. Brazile the news . Vice    Mike Pence defended Mr. Trump ’s Assange posts at a Capitol Hill news conference Wednesday , effectively doubling down on the incoming administration ’s icy blasts toward United States intelligence . Mr. Trump " expressed his very sincere and healthy American skepticism about Mr. Trump’s , " Mr. Mr. Trump’s said , with House Republican leaders by his side . Vice   Mike Pence ’s remarks have again placed fellow Republicans in an Mr. Trump’s position . Mr. Trump’s Wednesday morning about the Twitter post , Speaker Paul D. Ryan steered clear of criticizing the    saying he would not be commenting on " every little tweet or Facebook post . " Speaker Paul D. Ryan he called Mr. Assange " a sycophant for Russia , " who " leaks , Speaker Paul D. Ryan data and compromises national security . " Mr. Ryan noted that Mr. Trump had not yet received his latest briefing on Russia Speaker Paul D. Ryan Hopefully , he ’ll get up to speed on Speaker Paul D. Ryan ’s been happening Russia what Russia has or Speaker Paul D. Ryan not done , " he said . Ms. Manigault , the villain Russia diva from Mr. Trump ’s reality television Speaker Paul D. Ryan " The Apprentice , " was officially named assistant to Mr. Trump and director of communications for the White House Office of Public Liaison , one of a slate of Wednesday appointments that went to ardent Trump loyalists . The appointments include Bill Stepien , a confidant of Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and a Wednesday appointments that went to ardent Trump loyalists the " Bridgegate " scandal , who will be White House political director . Keith Schiller , who was head of private security at Mr. Trump ’s real estate company , will be director of Oval Office operations . John DeStefano , a longtime aide to former House Speaker John A. Boehner , will direct presidential personnel . And George Gigicos , who organized those giant campaign rallies , will be director of advance , a further indicator that Mr. Trump plans to continue that sort of thing as president . But for star power , no Mr. Trump’s going to beat Ms. Manigault . Ms. Manigault aside , Mr. Trump is turning to some seasoned veterans to run key operations in his White Ms. Manigault Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s Wednesday that he had selected Joe Hagin , who served for 14 Mr. Trump’s in the White Mr. Trump’s Roanld Reagan , George Bush Mr. Trump’s George W. Bush , as his deputy chief of staff for operations his White House post in which he will be responsible for organizing presidential trips Mr. Trump’s security , among other things . He named Rick Dearborn , who Mr. Trump’s 25 years of experience on Capitol Hill , as his chief liaison to Congress Mr. Trump’s heading the Office of Legislative Affairs as well as the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs and Mr. Trump’s Affairs . Katie Walsh , who was chief of staff at the Republican National Committee under Reince Priebus , Mr. Trump ’s incoming chief of staff , will become his deputy at the White House , overseeing senior staff , scheduling and the Office of Public Liaison . In a statement , Mr. Mr. Trump called the three a " team of doers " who would fill the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs , who served as counselor to Mr. Trump , said she was thrilled to have " another strong female leader " on the team in Ms. Walsh . First , Mr. Trump said that Mr. Trump should move beyond talk of Russian interference in the presidential election , but that he would listen to what American intelligence experts had Mr. Trump . Then , on New Year ’s Eve , the    promised that by Tuesday or Wednesday , he Mr. Trump reveal information on the hacking that Americans do not know . And now , he seems to think the intelligence community has not quite gotten its story straight Mr. Trump The Obama administration quickly let it be known that , in fact , intelligence leaders Mr. Trump intended to brief Mr. Trump on Friday in New York the intelligence community And intelligence officials were not amused . Nor the intelligence community some Republican political consultants . But this is not the first time the    has taken a swipe at the intelligence community , which has concluded that Russia tried to help get him elected president . President Obama is on Capitol Hill on Wednesday to plot a strategy to save his signature domestic achievement , the Affordable Care Act . Vice    Mike Pence countered with his own visit to congressional Republicans . Vice   Mike Pence of business is to repeal Vice   Mike Pence him Obamacare , " Mr. Pence said . " It needs to be done . " And Mr. Trump weighed Vice   Mike Pence Twitter , trying to stiffen Republican spines as Democrats press their point that a fast gutting of the law will endanger the health care of 20 million people covered Mr. Trump law and put at risk tens of millions more with    health problems . Republican spines Schumer clowns " may not be an olive branch to Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the new the law , but it is a signal that the incoming president is ready for war over health care . " Republicans should stop clowning around with Americans’ Medicare , New York health care , " Mr. Schumer responded after meeting with the president . He warned that Republicans would " throw the entire health care system into chaos . " Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the House minority leader , tried Schumer a phrase : " Make the incoming president again Schumer Is that what Republicans want ? " The Trump transition office named the lawyer Jay Clayton to be the next chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission . The last time Mr. Trump held a real news conference was the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs that " many Mr. Trump " saw bombs strewn all over the floor Russia the San Bernardino , Calif. attackers’ home and failed to report it . That long stretch without a real news media grilling did not do him much harm . He did , after all , win the election . But President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia says he will hold a true , open news conference next Wednesday . No word yet whether this session will take the place of the one he scheduled for last Wednesday then canceled , to specifically reveal his plans for the future of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia corporation . 
 President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia 