  ( CNN ) A social media post about ballot confusion in Texas has Donald Trump stoking claims of electoral corruption , but local officials say there ’s not foundation for concern . Meanwhile , in Georgia , a voting machine has been removed from service after complaints that a voting machine flipped votes intended for Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump . Some voters in Texas , which began its early voting period this week , have experienced problems casting Some voters in Texas, which began its early voting period this week ballots . A Randall County voter recalled A Randall County voter own mishap in a Facebook post on Monday , saying that A Randall County voter tried to cast a straight Republican ballot     including a vote for Trump and Trump running mate , Mike Pence     but wound up inadvertently selecting the Democratic ticket of Clinton and Tim Kaine .   As of Thursday morning , the woman ’s post has been shared nearly 10 , 000 times and has generated hundreds of comments .   The Republican presidential nominee took to Twitter to suggest Thursday there have been widespread cases of " vote flipping , " the act of casting a vote for one candidate only to see a vote for one candidate awarded to the opponent instead . " A lot of    about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas , " Trump tweeted . " People are not happy . BIG lines . What is going on ? " A Trump campaign spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment . Trump ’s tweet was a continuation of Trump    claims of a " rigged " election , which has emerged as Trump central campaign message amid eroding poll numbers .   But Lackey , said there ’s no reason for concern . " Absolutely not . .. It is not happening in any way , shape or form , " Lackey told CNN on Thursday . " I stand 100 % behind what I do . I stand behind my machines , my staff . "   The ballot complaints have surfaced elsewhere in Texas . Another woman said Monday on Facebook that a family member in Arlington , Texas , had her Republican vote changed to Texas , a Another woman that has been shared more than 200 , 000 times .   Potter County , which borders Randall County , has encountered similar problems . In each case , officials have attributed the problems to human error . " There similar problems wrong with any of the machines we use for voting , " Potter County Judge Nancy Tanner said in a statement this week . " They do not flip your vote . They do not flip parties . Humans do that They "   Frank Phillips , the elections administrator in Arlington ’s Tarrant County , said that his investigation " indicated that the voter did not Frank Phillips, the elections administrator in Arlington’s Tarrant County the directions for    voting . "   Randall County uses the Hart Intercivic eSlate for its elections , an electronic system that allows voters Randall County turn a wheel and push a button to indicate preferences , and Lackey said those machines " work exactly as intended . "   Moreover , voters are dealt a summary screen at the end of each ballot , which allows them to confirm their choices before casting . Lackey voters she is voters with such confusion most Lackey cycles Randall County and this year has been no exception . Her personal hypothesis is that voters , so accustomed Randall County touch screens in their everyday lives , hit the machine ’s button after indicating their choices , inadvertently " deselecting " their preferred their . Lackey also pointed out that their Randall County woman Lackey the viral Facebook post never alleged corruption , and she made it clear that she was able to the Randall County woman behind the viral Facebook post her vote before officially the Randall County woman behind the viral Facebook post the ballot .   the Randall County woman behind the viral Facebook post She did n’t use ’flipping’ or anything like that the Randall County woman behind the viral Facebook post her original post , " Lackey said . " the Randall County woman behind the viral Facebook post believe that her intention in putting this on Facebook was to the Randall County woman behind the viral Facebook post , ’Hey everyone , pay attention . ’ "   Georgia machine suspected of ’flipping’ votes , In Georgia , a voting machine in Bryan County was Georgia from service after the Atlanta    newspaper reported to election officials that it may have been " flipping " some voters’ a voting machine in Bryan County for president . A voter told the newspaper that it took three tries Tuesday before the Atlanta   newspaper reported to election officials that it may have been "flipping" some voters’ choices for president of Clinton A voter correctly recorded . The voter , who requested anonymity from the paper to discuss his experience , said the touchscreen initially selected Trump . his said his wife it took three tries Tuesday before his choice of Clinton was correctly recorded similar problem on the same his . his King , the executive director for Georgia ’s Center for Election Systems at Kennesaw State University , told CNN the machine will be evaluated after the election . King said the same machine error may be at fault . If his calibrated , the screen could be off    to    an inch , and other factors     including whether voters have long fingernails , were wearing jewelry , had long sleeves or were leaning on the machine     could be responsible as well . The Bryan County the same machine said in a statement that all machines were successfully tested ahead of this cycle ’s elections , and it was not immediately known why the machine in question was n’t initially working all machines King said the machine in question has been in use in the state since 2002 . the machine in question particular machine had been used by about 20 other voters on Tuesday , King because of the machine in question it ’s impossible to say whether other ballots were miscast , though he said no other voters reported problems the machine in question King stressed that voters should follow instructions and check their ballot King submitting . 
 King voters 