Washington ( CNN ) Gary Johnson is trying to be a major figure on the world stage , and it does n’t sound like Gary Johnson ’s doing it for the company . The Libertarian presidential nominee was asked by MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews during a town hall forum to name The Libertarian presidential nominee " favorite foreign leader . " Gary Johnson began to restate the question , and MSNBC’s Chris Matthews interrupted : " Any one of the continents , any country . Name one foreign leader that you respect and look up to , anybody . " The former New Mexico governor sighed , and The former New Mexico governor running mate , former Massachusetts Gov. Bill Weld , said The former New Mexico governor would be Shimon Peres , the recently deceased Israeli statesman . " I ’m talking about living . You got ta do this . Anywhere , any continent . Canada , Mexico , Europe , over there , Asia , South America , Africa . Name a foreign leader that you respect , " Matthews said . Johnson , still struggling to answer the question , offered : " I guess I ’m having an Aleppo moment . .. the former president of Mexico . "   The    candidate was referencing The   candidate now infamous    appearance from the beginning of September when The   candidate responded to a question about Aleppo     a city at the center of Syria ’s civil war and the heart of a refugee crisis as a result     asking : " What is Aleppo ? " The   candidate failure to identify a city that has become a focal point of the war in Syria , Syria human toll and resulting refugee crisis , signaled to many The   candidate was lacking in basic foreign policy knowledge .   On Wednesday , as Johnson continued to struggle with the " favorite world leader " question , calling it a " brain freeze , " Weld offered up " Vicente Fox , " the former president of Mexico who has become among the most outspoken critics of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Johnson confirmed The   candidate was the leader Johnson was thinking of , and Weld went on to say Weld favorite living world leader was German Chancellor Angela Merkel . The following morning , Johnson sought to deflect the moment with a piece of good news . The Detroit News officially issued The Detroit News presidential endorsement , backing Johnson over Trump or Hillary Clinton . This was the first time the paper ’s    editorial board had not endorsed the Republican candidate for president since the paper ’s founding in 1873 . The Detroit News wrote its endorsement its presidential endorsement MSNBC appearance , but representatives for the paper appeared on CNN the paper said they stood by their endorsement regardless representatives for the paper " We representatives for the paper n’t probably urge him representatives for the paper continue to do     interviews . It ’s just not his Johnson , " said Nolan Finley , Detroit News editorial page editor . By the afternoon , Johnson Johnson the second " Aleppo moment " more squarely , tweeting a delayed rejoinder : " It ’s been almost 24 hours . .. and I still ca n’t come up with a foreign leader I look up to . " Asked about Johnson Johnson moment at a press gaggle on her Johnson plane Thursday afternoon , Clinton made an implicit joke at the Libertarian ’s expense . " Oh , let me think , " Clinton said , feigning ignorance before Clinton , " One of my favorites is Angela Merkel . " 
 