’   ’ ’    In the wake of Hillary Clinton ’s election loss , Bernie Sanders is    urging the Democratic Party to reassess the Democratic Party relationship with      voters . ’ ’    In a   published on Thursday , Bernie Sanders addressed the loss the Democratic Party suffered with voters in states like    Pennsylvania , Wisconsin , and Ohio that Donald Trump successfully    courted away from Clinton . ’ ’    " The simple truth   —    and Mr. Trump tapped Donald Trump   —    is that    millions of Americans are working longer hours for lower wages ,    they ’re worried to millions of Americans about the future for their children and    millions of Americans want an    millions of Americans works for all of us , not just the 1    percent , " the statement read . ’ ’    " The Democratic Party has got to make it very clear that it is    the The Democratic Party of working people in 50 states in this country , not    just in New York and California . We ’ve got a lot of work to do , "    Sanders continued . ’ "    Trump ’s stunning victory fueled speculation that the Democratic    Party would be    to understand the results of this year ’s    presidential election . " ’’ ’    In an interview on CNN’ ’s " The Situation Room " Thursday , Sanders    reiterated that Sanders Party did not the Democratic   Party appeal    to voters in economically constrained rural areas of the US and    must work to gain their trust in the future . ’ the Democratic Party did not do enough to appeal   to voters in economically constrained rural areas of the US and       " People are angry . They have a right to be angry People but we have got    to channel that anger against people who caused the decline of    the middle class and so many people living in poverty   —    not take    it out on our neighbors who    Muslim , or Latino or women , "    Sanders said . ’ ’    In a Tweet on Thursday , Sanders also vowed to oppose any      Sanders rhetoric Trump may use during his presidency . ’ ’    "   Sanders Donald Trump takes people’ ’s anger and Trump against    Muslims , Hispanics ,    people’ women , we will be his    worst nightmare , " Sanders wrote    ’ 
 