  ( CNN ) Top Republicans , including the senator directing the Senate ’s Russia investigation , said Tuesday Top Republicans, including the senator directing the Senate’s Russia investigation were " troubled " by President Donald Trump ’s firing of FBI Director James Comey , while other GOP lawmakers tried to stay out of the growing political storm .    " I am troubled by the timing and reasoning of FBI Director James Comey termination , " Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr , a North Carolina Republican , said in a statement .   While Democrats slammed Trump ’s decision on Comey as FBI Director James Comey Nixonian , " some members of the President ’s own party expressed concerns and divided traditional GOP alliances .   Arizona Sen. John McCain said he was Arizona Sen. John McCain disappointed " by the incident . Sen. Bob Corker , who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and occasionally advised the Trump campaign Trump year , said he also Arizona Sen. John McCain concerns .   " Regardless of how you think Director Comey handled the unprecedented complexities of the 2016 election cycle , the timing of this firing is very troubling , " said Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska in a statement .   Rep. Justin Amash , a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus , said in a tweet that he would Arizona Sen. John McCain legislation supporting the creation of an independent commission to investigate Russia ’s interference in the election .   Amash is one of four Republicans who have signed on to legislation that would force Trump to release his tax Trump .   " While the case for removal of Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey laid out by Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein was thorough , his removal Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein this particular time will raise questions , " Corker said in a statement . " It is essential that ongoing investigations are fulsome and free of political interference until their completion ongoing investigations and it is It that President Trump nominate a    and qualified individual to lead the bureau at this critical time . " RELATED : James Comey Fast Facts , Other Republicans came to Trump ’s President Trump placed the blame for Comey ’s firing squarely on the shoulders of the former FBI director . House Speaker Paul Ryan , in an interview with Fox News’ Bret Baier on Wednesday , said Comey was " Comey " and supported Trump ’s decision President Trump I think the truth is James Comey , who is a worthwhile and dedicated public servant , I think he had just basically Comey the confidence of a lot of Republicans and a lot of Democrats , " Ryan said . " Most importantly , he lost the confidence Comey the President , and it is entirely within the President ’s role and authority to relieve him . " Ryan Comey dismissed calls Ryan an special counsel or independent investigation into potential collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . " I think the intelligence committees are the ones that should do this , " Ryan said . " Ryan ’s announcement is likely the inevitable conclusion of Director Comey ’s decision last July to bypass the longstanding protocols of the Justice Department and publicly announce the reasons he had decided not Director Comey’s recommend an indictment of Hillary Clinton and to offer his personal views of Director Comey’s Clinton ’s actions Hillary Clinton Sen. Susan Collins said in a statement . " Any suggestion that today ’s announcement is somehow an effort to stop the FBI ’s investigation of Russia ’s attempt to influence the election last fall is misplaced , " Collins said . " The President Republican Sen. Susan Collins not fire the entire FBI he fired the the FBI’s RELATED : The President letter firing FBI Director James Comey , The decision also had FBI traditional Republican allies apparently at odds . While McCain said Comey is " a man of honor and integrity , and he has led the FBI well in extraordinary circumstances Comey " one FBI FBI friends     Sen. Lindsey Graham     said that Comey disagreed .   The South Carolina Republican , who Comey leading one of four investigations into Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election , said Tuesday he supports Trump ’s decision .   " Given the Comey controversies surrounding the director , I believe a fresh start will serve the FBI and the nation well , " Graham said in a statement Tuesday . " I encourage the President to select the Tuesday qualified professional available who will serve our nation ’s interests . " RELATED : Clinton aides the nation firing with concern , not joy , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio said he was not commenting on the firing specifically but expected the Justice Republican Sen. Marco Rubio ’s investigation to continue largely unchanged .   " I would expect the FBI to continue to function along the lines that we have come to expect it to function , " the Florida Republican told CNN . Sen. the FBI Flake , a Republican who ’s up for    next year , tweeted that he could n’t explain Trump ’s decision .    He tweeted , Republican Sen. Marco Rubio I ’ve spent the last several hours trying Republican Sen. Marco Rubio find an acceptable rationale for the timing of Comey ’s firing . I just ca n’t do it . " Republican Sen. Marco Rubio 