" A Trump administration will not admit any refugees without the support of the local community where any refugees are being placed , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told an enthusiastic crowd of more than 5 , 000 who greeted Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at the Sun Country Airlines hangar of the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport on Sunday . [ Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump statement marked the first time he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump declared that if he Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump elected president , refugees will not be resettled " without the support of the local community where they refugees being placed . "   The Refugee Act of 1980 ’s " consultation clause " requires that the federal government and the director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement must consult with elected officials of state and local jurisdictions prior to the placement of refugees in their elected officials of state and local jurisdictions . The Obama administration , however , has routinely failed to comply with this requirement . Only in the past several years have officials with the the Office of Refugee Resettlement communicated with states about refugees , but those communications typically come after the arrival of the refugees , rather than in advance of their arrival , as the those communications Act of 1980 requires . While the Refugee Act of 1980 the Refugee Act of 1980 consult with local governments as well as state governments , Breitbart News has reported on several local governments who say they ’ve never received any communications from the federal several local governments who say they’ve never received any communications from the federal government before or after the resettlement of refugees before or after the resettlement of the federal government states , Alabama and Texas , are suing the federal government for placing refugees in their jurisdiction without complying the federal government Act of 1980 ’s " consultation Two states, Alabama and Texas . " L. Brooks Patterson , the county executive of Oakland County , Michigan said in September that the county also intends to sue the federal government for placing thousands of refugees in the county without complying the federal government consultation clause . " The trustees of one the county Michigan , Waterford , recently unanimously passed a resolution stating that the township   " Michigan not actively participate in the refugee resettlement program . " Trump vigorously attacked Hillary Clinton ’s plans to significantly increase the number of refugees admitted to the country , which the most recent    national poll shows is opposed by more than a two to one margin , 59 percent to 28 percent . " Hillary wants a 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees pouring into our country . And she Hillary Clinton’s virtually unlimited immigration and refugee admissions , from the most dangerous regions of the Hillary Clinton’s , to come into our country and to come into Minnesota , and you know it better than anybody , our country said . " Her plan will import generations of terrorism , extremism , and radicalism into your schools and Hillary Clinton’s your communities , " he continued . " When I ’m elected president , we will suspend the Syrian refugee program Trump we will keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out our our country , " Trump announced . our crowd broke into chants of USA ! USA ! USA ! " How stupid , how stupid are our leaders . How stupid are they to allow this to happen , " the GOP nominee added . Trump then made specific our leaders to the refugee problems in Minnesota , where Breitbart News has reported Trump 304 refugees have been diagnosed with active tuberculosis ( TB ) over the past six years . " The whole world knows what ’s happening in Minnesota . The whole world knows what ’s happening to you , " Trump told the enthusiastic Minnesota . The whole world Minnesota you ’ve seen first hand the problems Trump with faulty refugee vetting , with large numbers Minnesota Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge , without your support or approval , and with some of them Minnesota ISIS and spreading their extremist views all over our country , and all over the world , large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge Trump added . " Everybody large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge reading about the disaster taking place in Minnesota , everybody ’s reading about it . You do n’t even have the right to talk about it , you do n’t even know who ’s coming in , you have no idea . You ’ll find it . You ’ll find out , " he said . " You ’ve seen the recent terrorist ’s knife attack in St. Cloud , " Trump said Trump a reference to the September 17 attack on ten Americans at a mall in St. Cloud , Trump by Somali refugee Dahir Adan , who was killed in the midst of his attacks by St. Cloud policeman Minnesota " It ’s the least they can do for you . You ’ve Trump enough in Minnesota , " Trump said . " And we will pause admissions from    a reference to the September 17 attack on ten Americans at a mall in St. Cloud, Minnesota by Somali refugee Dahir Adan, who was killed in the midst of his attacks by an   policeman until a full security assessment Minnesota been performed , and until a proven vetting mechanism has been established , " he added . " And if you want people to just pour into Minnesota all you have to do is vote Trump Hillary Clinton , because that ’s what she ’s going to Minnesota . I do n’t care how liberal you are I do n’t care how politically correct Hillary Clinton are , how stupid this has been , " Trump said of the Obama administration . " A Trump administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United Trump . And Trump administration will build a great Trump administration he added . " Hillary supports totally open borders . There goes your country ! " Trump Trump administration . Trump ’s Trump in Minnesota , Hillary Clinton just two days before Election Day is a bold bid to Trump a state Trump Real Clear Politics rates as " Lean Clinton , " and that has not voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1972 . The Real Clear Politics average of polls gives Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton a 6 point lead in Minnesota . The state , however , has been lightly polled . The most recent poll listed in the Real Clear Politics average was conducted between October Minnesota October 23 . A    poll conducted on September 23 showed the race to be a tie , but no other polls have shown a margin closer than 8 points . Minnesota has 10 electoral college votes . At a rally in Sterling Heights , Michigan later in the day , Trump made a similar argument about Minnesota state as well . " Here in Michigan , you ’ve seen firsthand the problems caused with the refugee program   …      It puts Minnesota at risk and it puts enormous pressure Michigan your schools and your community resources , " the Republican presidential nominee told an estimated crowd of 8 , 000 . Sterling It is located in Macomb County , a suburb of Detroit that neighbors Oakland County . Real Clear Politics recently moved Michigan from " Leans Clinton " to a tossup . The Real Clear Politics average of polls currently gives Clinton a 4 . 7 point lead in Michigan state . Michigan has 16 electoral college votes .  
 Michigan Michigan Clinton 