The sign on the subway door says The sign on the subway door plainly : " Riding or moving between cars is prohibited . " Generally , The sign on the subway door is obeyed . But during an untamed time , not long ago , New Yorkers routinely slid open the doors at the ends of train cars and stood in the open space as the train hurtled through the tunnel . New New Yorkers I understand President Trump Trump told The New York Times on Wednesday when quizzed about his knowledge of the city ’s infrastructure . " I used to ride between the cars . President Trump That was in his days at    School in Queens , Mr. Trump said , which were in the late President Trump . As the city and the subway President Trump in subsequent decades , riding between cars became part of the chaotic subterranean landscape : Trains were covered with graffiti and broke down often , passengers smoked cigarettes or worse , and doors between cars banged open and shut of their own accord , practically inviting trespass . " The people who ride our system now consider the passengers to cross between cars their personal right , " a subway official wrote in 1983 to a federal safety board that was The people who ride our system the Transit Authority to outlaw crossing between cars when the trains were stopped . A    law against traveling between the cars of a moving train was already on the books . On an N train on Thursday , Ronald Dupree , a bouncer and car salesman who grew up in Brownsville , Brooklyn , recalled his childhood pastime fondly . " It was something to do   —    you ’d feel the breeze , " Mr. Dupree , 46 , said . The police " did n’t care about it back then , Ronald Dupree, a bouncer and car salesman who grew up in Brownsville, Brooklyn About a decade ago , the police began cracking down , after it was finally made illegal in his to cross between cars of a stopped The police The fine for switching cars is About a decade 75 . " Seven years ago , I was cutting from one car to the other and I got a summons , " Mr. Dupree said . " I have n’t done it since then . " Benjamin Kabak , who writes the Second Ave . Sagas subway blog , said that he seldom sees people riding between cars anymore . In wilder times , passengers moved between cars for reasons other than fun . Jake Dobkin , the founder of the news site Gothamist who writes the Ask a Native New Yorker column , would switch cars in the early 1990s " to escape particularly strong smells or danger , " like groups of bigger youths who seemed intent on mugging him . If a train was too crowded to board , passengers on the platform would push open the folding gates connecting the cars and let themselves on that way . " That was a great    trick , " said Kevin Dresser , a graphic designer who passengers on the platform to the city in the early ’90s . These days , doors between cars are locked on some lines , though they still open on others . An    exploit on an N train Thursday morning confirmed that a childhood impression had not doors between cars : To stand between cars , with the East River or the F. D. R. Drive rushing vertiginously beneath you , gripping the black rubber straps and feeling the connected cars shift under your feet , remains an exhilarating experience . Not that you should do it . Ever . In recent years , several people   lost their footing and fell to their deaths . In December , a man tumbled between cars of an F train in Manhattan several people   was decapitated . On several people   , Chief Joseph Fox of the New York Police Department ’s transit bureau took to Twitter to warn riders : Do n’t be like the president . But there are times when a locked door poses its own dangers . On Tuesday , Rebecca Odes was on an F train in Brooklyn and the doors did not open a locked door it got to her station . She went to the end of the car and tried the door . It would not budge . " Rebecca Odes was pretty Rebecca Odes to be trapped , " she said . The a locked door after a couple of minutes . Still , Ms. Odes , a    of Wifey . tv Rebecca Odes said , the doors the mother of a teenager now I feel like there is a certain comfort in knowing that hanging out between cars is not an option . " The president ’s parents might have wished for the same . " They were not happy , " Mr. Trump said . " I used to love to do that . Those were the old days The president’s parents " 
 