Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election . Donald Trump again has a packed scheduled . Donald Trump will visit Flint , Michigan and then head to Ohio , where a new Bloomberg poll finds Donald Trump leading by five points , for a rally . Clinton continues to recover as the media do the media best to play defense for Clinton until Clinton resumes campaigning on Thursday . Clinton and Chelsea Clinton campaigning for her in Clinton and Virginia , respectively .   All times eastern .   —    9:01 : New Hampshire ’s Union Leader endorses Gary Johnson . 8:55 :   Eric Trump and Priebus in West Virginia . Had a great day with @Reince in Charlestown , WV ! We are Eric Trump and Priebus in West Virginia hard to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    —    Eric Trump ( @EricTrump ) September 15 , 2016 ,   8:08 :    agitators yelling at Trump supporters leaving rally . Group of kids yelling at people as they leave people Trump Canton Trump OH rally . All    still pic . twitter .    —    Lauren Blanchard ( @LaurenBlanch12 ) September 15 , 2016 ,   7:45 : Trump seems Trump by his good Trump numbers . He ’s Trump about rebuilding the country ’s infrastructure . Trump promises Trump take care of our miners and steel workers . Trump says Trump American hands " will rebuild our nation and American energy will power our nation the country says Trump will put our American steel into the spine of our country . our Trump will Trump for every neglected part of our nation and to the country together as " one American people . " He says Trump is no greater threat to democracy than when a politician puts her office up for sale a politician He says Trump ’s tenure as State Department was " one of historic failure " because " everything went wrong " around the world . 7:25 : Trump pushes for    trade policies and slams Clinton for her support for Clinton . Clinton talks Trump how real wages have gone down for Americans and older Americans have to work harder for less . He says Trump is Trump hard campaigning and wonders if Clinton can stand up here Clinton an hour . Trump in OH : " I do n’t know folks   —    do you think Hillary Clinton would be able Clinton up here for an hour ? I do n’t know "   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) September 14 , 2016 ,     7:23 : Trump says his support comes from every walk Trump life . Trump says Clinton ’s attacks on Trump voters Clinton the same sense of entitlement that led her to sell government favors and Trump through the Clinton Foundation while destroying her mobile devices and emails . Trump : Trump slams Clinton for wanting to Trump more Clinton . He says there is no way Trump tell if they have " love or hate " in their hearts . He says we they build safe Trump but does not want the United States to admit Trojan horses . 7:20 : TRUMP : " I’M NOT RUNNING TO BE PRESIDENT OF THE WORLD . I’M RUNNING TO BE PRESIDENT OF I’M UNITED STATES OF AMERICA . " He says he ’s running to I’M RUNNING TO BE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF hope I’M RUNNING TO BE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF Flint . 7:18 : Trump says Clinton ’s policies re : illegal immigration and globalism have hurt inner cities while he has the solutions . 7:17 Trump More boos ring out when Trump says Clinton calls people who Trump n’t Clinton her " deplorables " and " Clinton . " 7:15 : Trump , sounding like former Fresno State football coach Pat Hill , says he ’s willing to go anywhere Trump, sounding like former Fresno State football coach Pat Hill campaign anywhere . 7:13 : Trump says Democrats have trapped people Trump the inner cities and he ’s running to offer a Trump future to those in the inner cities and all across the inner cities says he will campaign hard Trump the Trump of even those who are not planning to vote for him in the inner cities . Trump : Trump slams the inner cities the Trump out with deals like NAFTA and speaks about the country ’s " dilapidated " infrastructure . He wonders the country is n’t Trump instead of campaigning for " Crooked Hillary . " 7:07 : Trump says Flint ’s water crisis Trump failure at every level of government . " Gross incompetence , " he says . " It ’s Trump and it ’s heartbreaking and it should never happen in the United It of America . It is the catastrophe that does happen when we the country up other countries instead of our own   …      It ’s America First now , we . " Crowd chants "   the country    ! " 7:05 : Trump says the people in the United States are " ready for change " and are the United States of America a political establishment that look down upon    people . He says the choice is between an arrogant ruling class vs. the hopes Trump dreams of average Americans . Crowd boos when Trump tells them that Ford is moving the production of all of its Trump vehicles to Mexico . Trump says he ’s the messenger and Ford is the message of " Trump " Trump " jobs , jobs Trump jobs " and " fixing our military " and " taking care of our great vets " who are " treated worse than illegal immigrants . our He says it ’s a message of saving our Second Amendment , which Trump " totally under siege . " And our Trump says , it ’s a message of " Supreme Court Justices . " 7:03 : Trump Scranton : Woman near me in press riser yells , " Up hers ! " https :   .    —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) September 14 , 2016 ,   . @mike_pence reference to Barbara Streisand , when talking about @HillaryClinton fundraiser , draws boos at Scranton rally .   —    Scott Bauer ( @sbauerAP ) September 14 Scranton 2016 ,   7:02 : Trump tells the crowd he just visited the football Hall of Fame . He says he worked Trump Ohio during the summers growing up and is Trump special Trump to him . He ’s citing some good Ohio polls that just came out Trump Trump Trump states that Republicans usually Ohio over are now in play . Trump : Trump takes the stage in Ohio . Moment Trump took the stage tonight Trump Canton , Ohio # Ohio pic Trump .    —    Chris Snyder ( @ChrisSnyderFox Ohio September 14 , 2016 ,   6:42 : Was the RNC hacked ( McCaul now is reportedly saying that he was referring to GOP political operatives ) ? Rep. McCaul : The Russians McCaul have hacked into the Republican National Committee " https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) September 14 , 2016 ,   Contrary to reports , there has been no known breech of @gop networks ,   —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) September 14 , 2016 ,   6:30 : Jeb Bush ’s top adviser Mike Murphy showing   how clueless he is , as always : MT @   : " Show me a Jeb Bush’s    Trump in upper 40 ’s winning a swing state   I ’ll say race has changed . " Ding ! https :   .    —    Mickey Kaus ( @kausmickey ) September 14 , 2016 ,   6:22 : Trump touring NFL Hall of Fame in Canton . Trump tours the Pro Football Trump tours and campaign advisers pic . twitter .    Trump tours    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) Fame 14 , 2016 ,   6:15 : Clinton campaign seems like they are in panic mode ( they seem like a football team that tried to play prevent defense and is now Clinton campaign that that defense only prevents Clinton campaign like the Chargers from winning ) . In a new statement , Robby Mook calls Trumps " Doctor Oz charade " " completely unserious : " pic . twitter .    —    Hannah Chanpong ( @hannahfc ) September 14 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Good images for Trump campaign , along with the voter holding a " deplorable lives matter " sign at a previous North Carolina rally . Clinton may Clinton inadvertently helped Trump , who lacks a significant organization , with his ground Clinton . This only motivates his voters Clinton go to the polls . Trump supporters Trump playing into the HRC " Deplorable " comments pic . twitter .    —    Lauren Blanchard ( @LaurenBlanch12 ) September 14 , 2016 ,   Outside Donald Trump ’s rally in Asheville , NC : A " Deplorable Lives Trump : pic . twitter .    —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorp ) September 12 , 2016 ,   Proud deplorable family pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) September 14 , 2016 ,   CC : @icecube pic . twitter .    —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) September 14 , 2016 ,   5:26 : Another mainstream media writer saying Trump " could win . " Trump @realDonaldTrump could win . He has the momentum . Trump : Trump ’s national gains extend to Florida , Ohio https :   . Trump —    @realDonaldTrump Clemons ( @SCClemons )    14 , Donald Trump’s   4:51 : Interesting argument from Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld .    says on MSNBC that Gary Johnson is asking the debate commission to allow him in the first debate and if the ticket does n’t Interesting argument from Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld 15 % in the polls after , they will not press to be Gary Johnson in any other debates . 4:47 : Clinton releases Clinton information about her health Clinton Mainstream media not the ticket her doctor Clinton they have with Trump ’s . She was Clinton with mild ,    bacterial pneumonia , her doctor Clinton , Trump step the campaign took Mainstream the candidate had to take three days off the campaign trail after nearly collapsing at her doctor on Sunday . Clinton campaign Bardack , Clinton ’s Clinton and the chair of Internal Medicine at CareMount Medical in Mount Kisco , New York , said she evaluated Clinton Clinton times in the last week Clinton —    including Wednesday   —    and found that the Democratic nominee had a small right    pneumonia . Clinton ’s doctor Clinton she is in Clinton excellent mental condition " and " continues to remain healthy " and " fit " to serve as president . That ’s it , folks : Hillary Clinton has Clinton two ,    statements about her health history . Clinton last summer   one today : https :   .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) September 14 , 2016 ,   4:21 : Clinton will reportedly release Clinton medical records today Clinton So will her running mate Kaine Clinton Hillary Clinton to release Clinton this hour ,   —    Jesse Rodriguez ( @JesseRodriguez ) September 14 , 2016 ,   4:15 : He does n’t sound too Clinton   …     looks like someone forced him to say it : Clinton @BernieSanders : " I do n’t believe " @HillaryClinton will reverse her opposition to TPP if Clinton . pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 14 , 2016 ,   4:07 : Trump leads Clinton in Ohio and Florida Clinton   Trump new poll of swing states . 4:05 : Americans not interested in her bureaucratic Ohio : Hillary Clinton ’s new book Clinton Stronger Together , Florida sold 2 , 912 copies in its first week in bookstores . https :   .    —    Amy Chozick ( @amychozick ) September 14 , 2016 ,   3:57 : Trump says when we send Hillary Clinton’s jobs to other nations Trump we are also giving away the tax base that helps sustain the country ’s infrastructure , including pipes . Trump slams Clinton for supporting NAFTA we the country says Trump probably the we worst trade deal in Trump history of the world . " Woman at church in Flint where Trump is appears to have told him to halt his Trump attacks on Clinton Flint it Trump a church Trump   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) September 14 , 2016 ,   3:55 : At a black church in Flint , Michigan , Trump says his political attacks on Clinton were made in Flint and you could Trump drink Flint water in Mexico . He says cars are now Flint in Mexico and you Trump n’t drink the water in Mexico .    Trump : " Now the cars Mexico made in Mexico , and you Flint n’t drink the water in Flint " https :   .   the water in Mexico   .    —    CNN Politics Flint @CNNPolitics cars 14 , 2016 ,   . @realDonaldTrump in # Flint : " 40 % of the city ’s residents are living in poverty . Flint Flint twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) September 14 , 2016 ,   3:10 : Trump touring Flint water plant : Trump gets tour of Flint Water Plant . Plant has Trump been operational Flint last fall pic . twitter .    —    Jonathan Lemire ( @JonLemire ) September 14 , 2016 ,   3:05 : Big enthusiasm problem for Clinton among young Flint Water Plant . Once Clinton , Quinnipiac suggests that Clinton falters in the    because Clinton big 21 point lead among Clinton falls to just 5 points w     —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) September 14 , 2016 ,   44 % of millennials say they are voting for Johnson or Stein in new Quinnipiac poll Trump in 3rd place in group pic . twitter .    —    Russell Berman ( @russellberman ) September 14 , 2016 , Trump 44% of millennials Gary Johnson Gallup finds ( mainstream media exposing Quinnipiac Quinnipiac their biases while covering Trump and his supporters ) : Americans’ trust and confidence Trump the Trump media " to report the news fully , accurately and fairly " has dropped to its lowest level in Gallup polling history , with 32 % saying they have a great deal or fair amount of trust in the media . This is down eight percentage points from last year . Americans’ : Trump lands in Flint . Bannon reportedly with him on Trump trip : Trump has landed in Flint , MI Flint pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) September Flint , Trump ,   Steve Bannon is traveling with Bannon today in Flint , Michigan ,   —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) September 14 , 2016 , Flint 2:45 Bannon reportedly with him on the trip: Trump has landed in Flint, MI Clinton said that Hillary Michigan Clinton " flu " Clinton says he meant to say pneumonia Clinton   — Clinton Matthew Claiborne ( @MattJClaiborne ) September 14 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Bill Clinton now again speaking about " road Slick Willy and saying people make bad decisions when they are " angry . " 2:30 : Clinton pushes amnesty in Nevada , and he claims Clinton most people who do n’t want Clinton immigration reform " live in places where there are n’t that many immigrants . Clinton says money would be better spend on " Clinton " people " walls . " 2:20 : Bill Clinton tries to downplay his wife ’s health Clinton He says it ’s Clinton " crazy " time in Clinton when people try to make a big deal when someone gets " the flu . " [ This is why Americans do n’t trust the Clintons . ] Bill Clinton : Hillary getting the " flu " is Clinton unusual . Clinton his wife’s health problems time i checked million of people were getting it every year . "   —    Michael S. Davidson ( @DavidsonLVRJ ) September 14 , 2016 ,   2:10 : Clinton campaign ’s Tweetstorm has the feel of a campaign in Clinton after many bad news cycles : 20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business ties the "flu"   and the national security risks they pose . https :   . Trump —    Hillary Clinton Trump @HillaryClinton ) September 14 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Trump campaign slams Hillary Clinton ’s " corrupt     culture . " " It speaks volumes that the Clinton Foundation ’s CEO would casually admit on national television that its donors received access and ‘ courtesy appointments’ at Hillary Clinton ’s State Department . This is emblematic of the corrupt     culture Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton’s bring to the table Clinton it so pervasive it Clinton actually uncontroversial to those involved . This is why a special prosecutor needs to be the Clinton Foundation to independently investigate the growing evidence of corruption between the Clinton Foundation and the State Department while Hillary Clinton was serving as secretary of state . " 1:58 : Clinton in Flint : Trump supporters This for Donald This to arrive in Flint . pic . twitter .    — Trump SharisseReports ( @SharisseReports ) Flint 14 , 2016 ,       Protesters :   Flint the Clinton Foundation the street of the Flint Water Plant .   Protesting Donald Trump . # WaterNotWalls   Red . Black Protesting Donald Trump # BlackLivesMatter # SayHerName Born and raised in the city of Flint , Michigan . Still living in Michigan of Flint . # FlintLivesMatter   We are here . We are not going anywhere Flint This is the political , social and economic revolution Flint # PoliticalRevolution # AskAMillennial , A photo posted by Jia Flint, Michigan ( Michigan . sworld ) on Sep 14 , 2016 at 10:59am PDT ,     1:57 : About 150 seats for Bill Clinton ’s Nevada event : Doors now open to public for @billclinton event . Estimated We seats for the event . # rjnow pic . twitter .    —    Elaine M. Wilson ( @WilsonElaineM ) September 14 , 2016 ,   1:55 : Info about what was revealed during Trump ’s taping with Dr. Oz : The medical info Trump released from Nevada source who saw Trump taping   —   & gt pic . twitter Trump    —    Katy Tur ( @billclinton event September 14 , 2016 ,   Per audience member I spoke to , Dr. Oz said Trump is very healthy   that he would be happy if any of his patients had similar results Trump   —    Jesse Rodriguez ( @JesseRodriguez ) September 14 , 2016 , Dr. Oz Dr. Oz taping : Trump said his campaigning was his exercise . That him " moving his hands around when he was Trump " Trump a work Trump .   — Trump Dr. Oz Trump @JesseRodriguez ) September Trump , 2016 , Dr. Oz From Dr. Oz taping : Trump Dr. Oz his campaigning was his exercise . That him " moving his hands around when he was Trump " Trump a work Trump .   — Trump Jesse Rodriguez Trump @JesseRodriguez ) September Trump , 2016 ,   Dr. Harold Bornstein conducted last week ’s medical examination of Trump , a source    direct knowledge of the matter confirms to @NBCNews .   —    Dr. Oz taping @alivitali ) September 14 , his campaigning   1:53 his exercise that Trump should use to turn his hands : " Ford moving all production of small cars from U. Trump to Mexico "     1:52 : Clinton Foundation doing a lot of explaining : Clinton Health Access Initiative announces changes if HRC wins , including WJC   Clinton Mexico down from board : pic . twitter .    —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) September 14 , 2016 ,   1:50 : Chelsea ’s Roanoke photo op : Chelsea Clinton campaigns in Roanoke , visits Small Steps Learning Academy the Clinton Foundation Clinton . twitter .    —    Joe Dashiell ( @jdashiell ) September 14 , 2016 ,   1:45 : Trump Surges to lead in Nevada , a state with a significant Hispanic population : BREAKING :   NevadaDJT 44 ( was 41 in July ) HRC 42 ( was 45 ) Johnson 8 ( was 5 Chelsea https :   .    —    MonmouthPoll ( Roanoke ) September 14 , 2016 ,   1:30 : Colin Powell : Bill Clinton " Still Dicking Bimbos " : Nevada said he would rather not Clinton Gary Johnson for Clinton . Powell said Clinton is " greedy " and " not transformation " with Clinton husband " still Clinton bimbos at home . " This is a good Colin Powell email pic . twitter .    —    Will Rahn ( @willrahn ) September 14 , 2016 ,   1:10 : Flint mayor , who welcomed Clinton , endorsed her , and allowed her to use the Colin Powell for Colin Powell of Clinton ops , Clinton Trump ’s visit Flint Colin Powell Would n’t see want more attention paid to the city ’s water crisis . Trump Trump , at the least , again raises awareness of the Colin Powell ] Flint mayor offers swift rebuke Trump Trump ahead of his visit to the embattled city https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    the city of Flint Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) September 14 , 2016 ,   Partisan residents also Trump seem to like Trump idea of Trump the city of Flint to their city ’s water crisis : Protesters ahead of Donald Trump ’s visit Trump’s visit MI Trump calling it a photo op . He ’s expected to land around 1:30 pic . twitter .    —    Blake McCoy ( @BlakeNBC ) Flint 14 , 2016 Trump Police have arrived to Flint , MI water treatment plant ahead of Donald Trump Trump visit . pic . twitter .    —    Blake McCoy ( @BlakeNBC the city of Flint , 2016 Flint   MI of various unions may also Partisan residents scared that their members may vote for Trump . Trump Trump’s visit " go home . " 1:05 : Mitchell , who often acts like Trump announcer who tries to MI the Trump ’s preferred rassler " over " with the audience ,   Trump Shalala if Clinton had anybody in her inner circle that could tell her that a private Trump’s visit idea Clinton telling the press about her Clinton diagnosis may be the smart thing to do . Shalala just responded by Clinton Mitchell knows the people in Clinton world before adding Leaders of various unions " I ca n’t answer the question specifically . They Clinton always hired very strong people who have told them the truth . " 1:00 : In an interview with Andrea Mitchell , Clinton Foundation President Donna Shalala said the Clinton foundation ca n’t go out of business because of the library . She said Clinton some programmatic parts would be spun off into separate charities . Then the whoopers started . She claimed there is no " secrecy as far as this foundation Shalala concerned . " She claimed " we disclose all of our donors " and the foundation was " totally transparent . " the Clinton Foundation the people in Clinton CLINTON FOUNDATION AMENDS TAX the Clinton Foundation TO DISCLOSE $ 225 the people in Clinton IN FOREIGN DONATIONS . ] Mitchell asked a " true or false " question about whether Trump is correct in characterizing the foundation as having engaged in     politics . Shalala gave a Clinton Foundation President Donna Shalala answer about how the Clinton Foundation not unusual to have meetings with people like Muhammad Yunus and Melinda Gates . Clinton Foundation President Donna Shalala said the Clinton Foundation n’t see " any evidence that there were policy decisions " made because Clinton Foundation President Donna Shalala meetings that donors to the Clinton we received after conceding that there " phone calls made to get appointments for people , " which Shalala casually dismissed as " the Clinton Foundation . " Mitchell hardly challenged her . Shall Mitchell that she did n’t find the preferential treatment for donors and meetings " unusual . " " We have to be careful that it Shalala not linked to policy decisions , " she said . [ why else would they want to meet ? the Clinton Foundation 
 Shalala Shalala Shalala Shalala Shalala Shalala Mitchell 