Washington ( CNN ) Forget a " Team of Rivals . " This would be a double act of denouncers . The thought that Mitt Romney would ever join the Cabinet of Donald Trump     given the Cabinet of Donald Trump     hostility , mutual contempt and venomous rhetorical exchanges     might be the most absurd notion yet of a crazy political year . But the possibility that Donald Trump     and the man the man labeled a " choke artist " could find common cause in the new administration was nonetheless a hot topic ahead of Trump and the man he labeled a "choke artist" meeting Saturday at the   ’s Bedminster , New Jersey , golf retreat . The 2012 Republican nominee , who once warned in a CNN interview that a Donald Trump     presidency would mean "   racism " and "   bigotry " instead sat down with Donald Trump     and discussed the job of secretary of state , an appointment that would make Hillary Clinton ’s decision to serve in the same post under Hillary Clinton’s 2008 primary rival Barack Obama seem routine in comparison . After the meeting , Romney offered no hint as to whether Romney was offered or would accept a role in Donald Trump     administration . " We had a    conversation with regard to the various theaters in the world where there are interests of the United States of real significance . We We those areas and exchanged our We on those topics , " Romney said in brief remarks to reporters . He Romney not take questions . Vice    Mike Pence confirmed Sunday that Romney Romney under " active consideration " for secretary of state . " The Romney is under "active consideration" for secretary of state very grateful that Gov. Romney Romney They had a good meeting . It was a warm and substantive exchange . I know he is under active Romney to be secretary of state of the United States along with some other distinguished Americans , " Pence said on " Fox News Sunday . " But the possibility that Trump and the man he labeled a " choke the man " could find common cause in the new administration is a hot topic after their weekend meeting at the Trump and the man ’s Bedminster , New Jersey , golf retreat . On Sunday night , a Trump transition source said the Trump of Romney as secretary of state is " possible . " Intrigue surrounds meeting , Prominent members of Romney ’s orbit , while Romney confirming that the former Massachusetts governor is interested in running US diplomacy , are not entirely dismissing the notion that he could agree to serve the former Massachusetts governor " One of the things that drives Gov. Romney is a sense Romney Romney and I think that sense of duty is what ’s driving him to help    Trump in Romney way he can as he puts together Romney government , Romney Kevin Madden said Friday on CNN ’s " New Day . " " I think he recognizes that there is that Romney of outreach going on with   ’s transition team . " On the face of it , there are plenty of reasons why the 2012 nominee would refuse to serve alongside Trump , not least because of their sharply different characters and positions on some key foreign policy issues . But there are enough reasons why it might make sense for both men to lend their meeting plenty of intrigue . both men the    Romney would bring an immediate burst of knowledge , global credibility , sound temperament and competence to his nascent administration . His selection the   Romney also be seen the   Romney a genuine gesture to bind the wounds in the Republican Party and the foreign policy establishment left over from a bitter primary campaign . It could also open the floodgates for the kind of credible , experienced GOP foreign policy insiders whom Trump needs to staff crucial ,    national security jobs to join the administration . And since Trump his nascent administration voters are more concerned Trump " draining the swamp " of    Washington insiders than foreign policy , the State Department may be one place he could put an establishment figure and Trump sustain much political damage . " Mr. Romney would be a great choice Trump sense that would be a signal sent to moderates as well as conservatives , " William Cohen , a former US defense secretary , told CNN International ’s Hala Gorani on Friday . " Whether that is a realistic thing remains to be seen     I am skeptical but nonetheless remain hopeful that such an appointment , or people like Mitt Romney would be considered . " Some Trump ’s closest advisers initially expressed surprise at the Trump that the two men would meet . But some told CNN ’s Gloria Borger that the former venture capitalist prized his duty to his country above all else . Gloria Borger noted that Gloria Borger he is known as a businessman , Romney ’s Gloria Borger interests centered on foreign policy , Trump that secretary of state would be the only Cabinet position he would accept . Another friend however expressed extreme Gloria Borger Romney would join the Trump Cabinet . Romney could Trump relief to US allies , For Trump , a Romney appointment would come as a great relief to Trump allies who are deeply anxious about the direction of Trump ’s foreign policy , and who see alternative names floated for secretary of state such as Rudy Giuliani and John Bolton with much greater apprehension . That ’s because Romney is squarely within the parameters of accepted US Trump policy orthodoxy , is an internationalist , is    abroad and is committed to the notion of free trade , US alliances and a robust US posture in the world . Trump on the other hand has raised doubts about the bedrock pacts of the international system such as NATO and US alliances in Asia , is yet to define his " America First " creed and has spooked Trump on the other hand European allies with his praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin . Trump Trump on the other hand temperament and a campaign in which opponents said he was unfit to control the nuclear codes also Trump on the other hand foreign policy elites and governments abroad     so the thought of someone as sober and    as Romney beside Trump in the Situation Room would calm some nerves Trump The former governor would sail through Senate confirmation , Romney reputation as a devoted and devout family man with no Romney skeletons . No one can know what is in Romney ’s mind . But Saturday ’s meeting was not one Romney had to take . After all , it carried the Romney that the    is simply using his Saturday’s meeting name to give the impression that he is casting Romney wide and conciliatory net across his party Romney he chooses his Cabinet . Career capper , Romney were Trump Romney offer Romney the job of secretary of state , it ’s not Trump Romney would accept . It would be one last chance to serve and cap a it that once seemed headed for the pinnacle of national politics and at least would partially make up for the disappointment of his loss to Obama four years ago . Given Trump ’s Romney of experience in foreign policy , and a Trump style that promises to be heavily reliant on his subordinates , Romney could see the chance of wide autonomy Trump setting US Romney policy as attractive . It might also be a good fit with the Mr.    brand of the former venture capitalist who rescued the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics . Still , there ’s a reason why a Romney nomination as secretary of state would be seen as yet Romney shocking development in 2016 . Trump eviscerated Romney on the campaign trail . He said he was a Romney disaster as a candidate " Trump " Trump like a dog " and said he had a lot of friends     but Romney was n’t Trump of them .   But maybe Trump Romney someone who can throw friends     punch . After all Trump Romney warned Trump was a " phony , " a " Romney " Trump was playing the American public for " suckers " and once said he wanted to be able to look his grandchildren in the Romney and say he took a stand Romney the GOP nominee . Would Romney Romney allowed to speak for the President ? Even if Romney two men put personal animosity aside , the starchy Romney would be an incongruous figure in a team Romney such Romney new White House adviser Stephen Bannon and the next national security adviser Michael Flynn . And even if Trump gave him broad latitude to dictate US foreign policy , Romney would be taking Trump risk that the 45th President ’s intemperate public Romney and volatile personality would undo painstaking the President There is nothing more debilitating for a secretary of state than the view around the world that he or she does not speak the world President or is on a different Romney . Similarly , Romney might also face having the President words turned against him in talks with Romney foreign power since he Romney this year that the Romney ’s promises were " as worthless as Romney degree from Trump University . " Donald Trump settles Trump University lawsuits , Romney and Trump would begin any partnership Trump some key areas of policy Trump University former Trump governor is a the former Massachusetts governor example . He warned in 2012 that Russia represented the top the former Massachusetts governor threat to the the United States Trump has meanwhile warmly praised the leadership of Putin and promised to ease rocky relations with the Trump . Still Trump and Romney Russian President Vladimir Putin agree on the Trump and the man Islamic extremism , the magnitude of the threat from terrorism and the Trump Romney hike military spending . Lanhee Chen , a top aide to Romney in 2012 , argued that though there were differences on trade , the gaps were perhaps not as wide as Romney might seem . " I do think there is some similarity in a focus on American interests that both Gov. Romney and I think Donald the gaps expressed on the campaign trail , " said Chen , a CNN contributor . " Romney you look at the Trump the macro CNN the campaign trail actually be more there than meets the eye in terms of commonality between things that Donald Trump has expressed and Gov. Romney has expressed . " 
 Romney Romney Trump 