  ( CNN ) Send  (CNN) back . Build a wall . Trade less . That is Donald Trump ’s policy toward Mexico . And Donald Trump’s policy toward Mexico creates a real headache for Mexico leadership now that he has been chosen as the next US president .   Relations between both nations will not be easy . After all , Trump almost immediately became one of the most hated people in Mexico Mexico history when he he his he last June with these now infamous words : " When Mexico Mexico its Mexico , they its people not sending their its people . They its people not sending you . They its people not sending you . They its people sending people that have lots of problems , and they its people bringing those problems us . They its people bringing drugs . They its people bringing crime . They its people rapists . "    Almost 18 months later , a poll published just before the election showed that the anger had barely eased it found the anger 76 % of Mexicans had a bad or very bad impression of Trump .   And it was n’t just individual Mexicans who were worried . As the US results started to come in , and as it became the US results that Hillary Clinton would probably lose , the value of the Mexican peso plunged close to 15 % .   None of this is surprising . Donald Trump has brilliantly woven together the fear of " illegals " with other issues like crime , drugs , unemployment , low growth and even terrorism . In the process , he has Donald Trump Mexico into the perfect scapegoat . And having put this theme at the center of his campaign Donald Trump it is difficult to see how Trump will Donald Trump able to back away from his proposals Donald Trump Will he still Donald Trump to build a wall ? How would he pay Donald Trump it ? By going after remittances ? Will he follow Donald Trump on his pledges Donald Trump deportation ? These are the types of questions that Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto is now wrestling with . His problem Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto though , is twofold : How do you negotiate with one of the people whom Mexicans despise most ? And how do you do so when your credibility and popularity have plunged with your own people ? ( Mexicans have Mexicans forgiven Peña Nieto Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto Trump for a visit in August ) . Peña Nieto has Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto tools to defend the rights of millions of Mexicans who could be deported back to Mexico , which has only increased the anger toward the President .   The one issue where Peña Nieto might have Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto over Trump is on any negotiations Trump for the North American Trade Agreement , or NAFTA , especially once Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is included in discussions .    Clearly , Peña Nieto and Trudeau could Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto imagined that Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau the next North American " three amigos " meeting they would be joined by global Peña Nieto and Trudeau destroyer Donald Trump . But one lesson that can be taken from Hillary Clinton ’s loss is that there is an underlying , and extraordinarily strong , rejection of trade agreements among many Americans . Indeed , Clinton ’s stance on NAFTA ( Hillary Clinton’s timid compared with Bill Clinton when he was in Hillary Clinton’s may have Hillary Clinton’s to losses in Michigan and Pennsylvania .    The other trade agreement attacked by Trump during his campaign , the    Partnership , Trump pretty much declared dead by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , and the Senate will not move forward with Senate of this 12 nations agreement . This means NAFTA is pretty much the only trade agreement left that President Trump this 12 nations agreement Canada AND the United States . Will America walk away from the     NAFTA ? It seems almost impossible to imagine the cost in growth and jobs for both nations would simply be too high . For example , a NAFTA Mexico Center at the Woodrow Wilson Institute noted some    dollars in goods and services each year between both countries , " which amounts to more than a million dollars in bilateral commerce every minute . " It also suggested that should the United States ditch NAFTA , it could mean the loss of some 5 million US jobs that depend on trade with Mexico .   Relations between Peña Nieto and the incoming US president at least got It to a good start , with the former congratulating    Donald Trump on Wednesday , just hours after Clinton had conceded .   According to Peña Nieto , they spoke about security , cooperation and prosperity . That they talked about security is no surprise     the uptick in violence in Mexico , as well as Peña Nieto heroin to the United States , will be a priority issue for they the United States and Mexico in the coming months . But the truth is that by the time Trump has picked his    American policy team , and negotiations start to dismantle the United States Nieto Mexico already be approaching lame duck territory , with a presidential election to take place in Mexico in 2018 Trump    Also on the economic front , Trump threatened US companies like Ford that build vehicles in Mexico with a 35 % tax . " When that [ Mexico ] car comes back across the border into our country that now Trump in free , we ’re gon na Mexico them a 35 % tax . And you know what ’s gon na happen , they ’re never going to leave , " he said . The irony with such comments is that Mexico will now have to find ways to defend and support US companies from their government them if they have intentions or investments in Trump .   But there is a potential Mexico card in all this . The populist ,    Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is seen US companies a leading contender US companies Mexico ’s presidency Mexico He may see a populist Trump presidency as providing an opening for his candidacy .   And if he is successful , we could see a meeting between Mexico Donald Trump and a President The populist,   Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador Manuel Lopez Obrador that would raise almost as many eyebrows here The populist,   Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador Mexico as Trump ’s extraordinary The populist,   Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador did across the border . 
 Mexico Trump 