Washington ( CNN ) The incumbents won the night in several highly watched races Tuesday night . CNN projected Republican Sens . Marco Rubio of Florida and John McCain of Arizona and Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida all won Marco Rubio of Florida and John McCain of Arizona and Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida all primary races Tuesday night . Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , Rubio , a    senator , faced off against wealthy businessman Carlos Beruff     while on the Democratic side , Rep. Patrick Murphy defeated Rep. Alan Grayson and will take on Rubio in November .   Wasserman Schultz bested Wasserman Schultz Bernie    rival .   And McCain faced a test from Kelli Ward , a conservative 33 years McCain ’s junior who had suggested McCain age ( McCain turned 80 on Monday ) means McCain ’s too old for a sixth term . Going into the night , four incumbents had already lost this year     with Republican Reps . Renee Ellmers of North Carolina , Randy Forbes of Virginia and Tim Huelskamp of Kansas and indicted Democratic Rep. Chaka Fattah going down in primaries .   Arizona Senate race , McCain had a clear lead of 55 % to 29 % over Ward in a    poll of likely voters two weeks ago     with a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percentage points .   But even years after his choice of Sarah Palin as his 2008 presidential running mate helped inspire the tea party movement , his still must defend his conservative credibility against a hardline opponent . And his party ’s presidential nominee , Donald Trump , has called McCain     a Navy veteran and prisoner of war in Vietnam     weak on veterans’ issues . Ward , a physician , has used his ’s 80th birthday to call his " old " and " weak " in national interviews .   " his has stayed in Washington , D. C. for way too long     almost four decades , " she told CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin last week , saying that McCain his his his family members had reservations about his his . " The Arizona voters will decide if they The Arizona voters an     senator or not . " Ward hit the same theme Monday in an interview with CNN CNN Wolf Blitzer , saying : " I do want to give him Ward best 80th birthday present ever : the gift of retirement . " Wasserman Schultz ’s test , Already on thin ice with her Wasserman Schultz ’s left wing     mostly Sanders supporters who believed she Wasserman Schultz Hillary Clinton in the Wasserman Schultz imperiled when Wasserman Schultz hack of Democratic National Committee emails became public .   But she was able to defeat her Wasserman Schultz nonetheless , despite her Wasserman Schultz .    chair , Wasserman Schultz challenger face off Tuesday , She was forced to announce her Wasserman Schultz resignation on the eve Wasserman Schultz the Democratic convention in Philadelphia , suffering a major public embarrassment a little more than a month before her primary .   Sanders lent Wasserman Schultz mailing list to Canova , Sanders he did n’t campaign with him Sanders the weeks preceding the Sanders there .   " her primary really got so much grassroots energy coming our way right now . The momentum We all on our side , " Canova told CNN We Wolf Blitzer in Canova Monday We .   Florida Senate primaries , Since Rubio reversed his decision to retire , he and Rubio , the Democratic congressman Rubio have been largely focused on each other     each expecting to sail through primaries .   Ahead of Florida primary , Rubio offers Trump a Florida Senate embrace , Rubio spent $ 7 million of his own money , but never closed Beruff gap with Rubio .   Grayson , meanwhile , Rubio a hard Beruff winning over voters amid reports he abused his   . He was Beruff badly Beruff by Murphy Beruff 
 