’   ’ ’    Secretary of State John Kerry took a swipe at Republican    presidential nominee Donald Trump during a    discussion at a summit hosted by the United Nations    Foundation and Mashable on Sunday . ’ ’    Speaking at the Social Good Summit ahead of UN General Assembly    week , Kerry criticized Republican   presidential nominee Donald Trump not believing in climate change    and subtly rebuked some of his Kerry campaign positions . ’ ’    " We need leadership that understands " climate change , Kerry Kerry    in his Kerry at the 92nd St. Y in New York City . " It’ ’s astounding       me Kerry we’’ve had people running for president    …      who don’’t    even acknowledge that climate change is taking place . " ’ ’    Kerry Kerry negated the idea that trade deals are hurting the US    economy . ’ ’    Trump has insisted throughout his Trump that bad trade deals    have cost US jobs , and promised to cancel deals that " rip off "    America . ’ ’’ ’    " We have learned you can’’t shut off the world , " Kerry said . " 95 %    of the world’ ’s customers live in other countries . People are    fighting this concept of trade , but trade is not the problem . " ’ ’    He Kerry : " It’ ’s how we treat workers who are dislocated by    transition or what we do with people to be able to not just see    the upper 1 % of American income earners doing well while    everybody else is either struggling to hold where they workers who are dislocated by   transition or what we do with people to be able to not just see   the upper 1% of American income earners doing well while   everybody else or       behind . That’ ’s a problem of our tax code , it’ ’s a problem    of our political finance system and a whole lot of other things ,       not the fault of trade itself . " ’ ’    Kerry said the US needs better safety nets " to help people    go to school , get ongoing education , find a job at age 45 or 50    or whatever it is , be able to move into another sector . " ’ ’    Kerry Kerry made the case that US involvement in the world is    crucial   —    another divergence from Trump’ ’s platform , which some    experts . While Trump has advocated    for stronger ties with countries like Russia , he Trump run on a    platform of putting " America first . " ’ ’    " What we need , frankly , is a larger commitment by the United    States to help lead other countries , " Kerry said . " At the end of    World War II , we we the Marshall Plan . And people were not    for it    by the way . Harry Truman had to work like hell to get       through . " ’ ’    He Harry Truman that people should view diplomacy less as " dropping bombs    on people and being engaged in war " and more as " helping to    educate people and build healthcare capacity and create stability    and show people how technology can lead to transparency and    governance . " ’ 
 