Washington ( CNN ) White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said Tuesday that the firing of FBI Director James Comey does n’t have anything to do with the current ongoing investigation into Russia ’s interference into the 2016 election . " This has nothing to do with Russia , " White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on " AC360 " Tuesday evening , just hours after news of Comey ’s firing broke . " Somebody must be getting $ 50 every time ( Russia ) is said on TV . . .. ( This ) has everything to do with whether the current FBI director has the President ’s confidence and can faithfully execute the current FBI director duties . " Conway ’s comments come after President Donald Trump     acting on recommendations from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein     shocked Washington by firing Comey , the man responsible for the bureau ’s investigation to possible ties between President Donald Trump     associates and Russia . In a letter , Trump President Donald Trump     Comey that he Comey " hereby terminated and removed from office , effective immediately " after Trump President Donald Trump     Comey Comey " not able to effectively lead the the bureau’s "   Comey , who was in Los Angeles for a special FBI event , learned of his firing by watching television while in a meeting . He testified his Congress on the handling of the Clinton email probe last week . During his campaign his Trump commended Comey for his decision his send a letter to Congress that Congress the FBI was looking into former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Clinton again . However , after Cooper played several clips of Trump praising Comey during Trump 2016 Comey , Conway said the clips were " several clips of Trump " " Thanks for the trip down memory lane , " she said . " Here Conway what happened today . .. as President of the United States , ( Trump ) needs confidence in his FBI director , and President of the United States, (Trump) did n’t have it President of the United States, (Trump) " She told Cooper the firing Conway " not all of a sudden , " and that Trump acted " decisively . " 
 