ARLINGTON , Va.   —    The rise of Donald J. Trump , with Donald J. Trump hostility toward free trade and vow to protect entitlements , is a sharp rebuke to the    principles long championed by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch . But if the Koch brothers have lost the battle for conservative values in 2016 , the Koch brothers are also quietly preparing for a long war . the Koch brothers secret weapon is the Grassroots Leadership Academy : a training program dreamed up by the Americans for Prosperity Foundation , the political education arm of the Koch network , and intended to groom the next generation of conservative activists to shape the future of the Republican Party . Taking inspiration from icons of the left like Saul Alinsky , the    Frankfurt School , and even President Obama ’s Organizing for Action , the Grassroots Leadership Academy: a training program dreamed up by the Americans for Prosperity Foundation, the political education arm of the Koch network, and intended to groom the next generation of conservative activists to shape the future of the Republican Party offers classes like " Messaging to the Middle " ( about reaching not just the conservative base but also persuadable voters ) community organizing and how to wage a successful public protest , complete with costumes . The goal is not just to equip activists to compete with the left , but also to help rebuild the conservative movement in the wake of a Trump loss   —    or even a Trump Trump . The Kochs will be key figures in any discussion about what direction the party takes after 2016 , and they the party determined to steer it the party their the party vision . A band of trained volunteers focused on elections farther down the ballot could help raise their the ballot for 2018 and beyond . The A band of trained volunteers that these activists will learn how to make a compelling , personal pitch to win over new converts to the cause , and that if volunteers are grounded in a strong philosophical understanding of    principles , they will these activists better prepared not only to explain their beliefs these activists also to ward off candidates , like Mr. Trump , who do not espouse their vision these activists " We want a cultural shift of people being able to know what they want and how to talk to the people in their communities they so that in the future , when there are political leaders that want to demagogue    issues , they do they resistance , " said Levi Russell , the director of public affairs for Americans for Prosperity . After Americans for Prosperity spent more than $ 100 million during the 2012 election , yet failed to take back the White House or the Senate , the Koch network undertook a major    and overhaul . It is the Koch network $ 3 million on the training initiative , which officially began in February 2015 , and plans to expand it next the Koch network . The effort has taken on newfound urgency because Mr. Trump has shown that Republican voters will support a candidate who denounces trade agreements and rejects the    doctrine the Kochs have spent hundreds of millions of dollars to push . " This Republican nomination battle for president has demonstrated that no issue is ever fully won , " said Tim Phillips , the president of Americans for Prosperity . " You must keep competing and explaining . For example , why free trade is better , why entitlement reform is necessary . " The group has held training sessions in roughly three dozen states , and about 10 , 000 people have attended an academy program . The academy an academy program tiers : two    courses and , for those who have completed the first two levels , a final , intensive    training at Americans for Prosperity ’s headquarters here , with hotel and travel expenses underwritten by the group The group first level introduces trainees to the principles of economic freedom and prepares them , for example trainees to lobby their representatives about a trainees issue . The second level of training seeks to turn the attendees into community activists , the sorts of people who could recruit and mobilize others . The curriculum is likely to intensify criticism of the Kochs , whose fortune is based largely on oil and petroleum , from liberals who view the brothers’ political work as stemming largely from their financial interests . the Kochs, whose fortune is based largely on oil and petroleum of the sessions , called the " Moral Case for Fossil Fuels , " teaches attendees to argue that " a turn away from fossil fuel use would ultimately be disastrous to humanity   —    especially the poorest of the poor . " Slade O’Brien , vice president of the Grassroots Leadership Academy , said he had learned two Slade lessons from studying Democratic tactics . " It was incredibly    it was truly at It    level , " he said . " Slade they did n’t have to agree on everything to agree to work on something   —    that incremental victories matter , and they would work on they rather than swing for the fences and try to hit a home run . " In Bethlehem , Pa. the second session of the    training program was held in a conference room over the beer and liquor section of a Wegmans grocery . Fifteen people munched on turkey wraps and miniature cannoli as they listened to Mary Fifteen people , a Republican organizer who worked for Senator John McCain ’s and Sarah Palin ’s 2008 campaign , run briskly through a series of slides with labels like " The Left Is Highly Organized " and quotations from Mr. Alinsky ’s " Rules for Radicals . " With the    intonation of a motivational speaker , Ms. Conway urged her students to focus Ms. Conway what makes a successful movement . " Successful or Unsuccessful , " read slides listing various movements , one of which was the civil rights fight of the 1950s and 1960s . " One thing the civil rights movement a successful movement was capturing the new media , " Ms. Conway said . Ms. Conway were activists from local Tea Party groups . One was a political blogger . They offered their views on successful political movements Several attendees — Several attendees and , during a break , on the presidential race . It was a reminder that the network can not always control who shows up . Charlie Knight , 70 , a    electrician Mr. Knight because he wanted to be around "   people . " " There Mr. Knight only one person that I could Mr. Knight support , because the other one ’s nothing but a liar , " Mr. Knight said . Mr. O’Brien , the Grassroots vice president , said he hoped the program would pay dividends over the long term . " You ca n’t just show up Mr. O’Brien, the Grassroots vice president somebody ’s door six weeks before an election and build a relationship with them , " he said . He added that Mr. Obama ’s    wing was " magnificent at building up their volunteers Mr. O’Brien, the Grassroots vice president relationships over Mr. O’Brien, the Grassroots vice president period of time , and you have to give them credit . " them leadership academy program still has some work to do . Though the Kochs have them to make the conservative base more diverse , in a recent training session near Washington , the class of roughly two dozen was mostly older and white . While some of the budding activists seemed equipped to return home and wage a successful    campaign , others seemed generally befuddled and uncomfortable with even the basics of social media , like Twitter and digital video . At one point , a man briefly dozed off during a session on the legislative process . " The big question going forward is what are the programs that these people get plugged into once they ’re ready to get involved in politics , " said Sasha Issenberg , the author of " Victory these people : The Secret Science of Winning Campaigns , " a book the program ’s leaders have consulted . " What the left has been very good about doing is taking enthusiastic activists , giving them training , but then plugging them into systems where their energy is well directed . " Near the enthusiastic activists of a Friday session in enthusiastic activists , the trainees enthusiastic activists into several teams . Each team had a designated " builder " whose goal was to recreate a small widget out of building blocks using only descriptions from teammates , relayed from one person to the next in what was , basically , a giant game of telephone . Some teams did better than others , but the description became increasingly garbled as it passed from person to person . The real point of the exercise , a moderator explained , was the description " you constantly have to be working on communication skills if you want to be a    leader . " But when he asked the group what the lesson was , someone shouted out a message perhaps even more aligned with the project ’s stated aim : " Cut out the bureaucracy ! " the attendee said , to laughter . " Yeah , cut out the middle man and just say it right to the builder , " the moderator conceded . 
 a moderator 