HOUSTON   —    During his presidential campaign , Donald J. Trump repeatedly hailed the Keystone XL pipeline as a vital jobs program and one that sharply contrasted his vision for the economy with that of Hillary Clinton . " Today we begin to make things right , " Donald J. Trump said Friday morning shortly after the State Department granted the pipeline giant TransCanada a permit for Keystone Keystone , a reversal of Obama administration policy . The the pipeline giant TransCanada link oil producers in Canada and North Dakota with refiners and export terminals on the Gulf Coast . It has long been an object of contention , with environmentalists saying it would It to climate change and the project ’s proponents   —    Republicans , some labor unions and the oil industry   —    contending that it would the oil industry   guarantee national energy security for decades to come . When President Barack Obama rejected the project the project 2015 , he said it President Barack Obama undermine the project leadership in curbing reliance on carbon fuels . The announcement on Friday said the State Department " considered a range of factors , including , but not limited to , foreign policy energy security environmental , cultural and economic impacts and compliance with applicable law and policy . " The new secretary of state , Rex W. Tillerson , formerly the chief executive of Exxon Mobil , had recused himself from the Rex W. Tillerson . The announcement said The announcement on Friday was signed by the under secretary of state for political affairs , Thomas A. Shannon Jr. The pipeline still faces hurdles before it can be built The pipeline It needs the approval The pipeline the Nebraska Public Service Commission and local landowners who are concerned about their water and land local landowners . Protests are likely since the project has become an important symbol for the environmental movement , with the Canadian oil sands among the most    oil supplies . Mining the oil sands requires the Canadian oil sands among the most   oil supplies energy for extraction and processing . In addition , interest among many oil companies in the oil sands is waning amid the Canadian oil sands among the most   oil supplies . Extraction from the oil sands , situated in the    the Canadian oil sands among the most   oil supplies is expensive . Statoil and Total , two European energy giants , have abandoned their production projects . In recent weeks , Royal Dutch Statoil and Total agreed to sell most of its oil sands assets for $ 8 . 5 billion Royal Dutch Shell And Exxon Mobil wrote down 3 . 5 billion barrels of reserves , conceding the oil sands were not economically attractive enough to develop for the next few years at least . Nevertheless , Canadian production continues to grow as projects that were conceived when prices were higher begin to operate . And the Keystone effort is central to the future of TransCanada , a major force in the Canadian oil patch . The United States Chamber of Commerce and other business groups applauded the administration ’s action . Jack Gerard , the president and chief executive of the American Petroleum Institute , the primary industry lobbying arm , said the decision was " welcome news " and was " critical to creating American jobs , growing the economy and making our nation more energy secure . ’’ Opponents say the pipeline is unnecessary at a time when American oil production is soaring and future demand has been put in question by increasingly efficient cars , electric cars and growing concerns over climate change . " The Keystone pipeline would be a straw running through the the pipeline to transport the dirtiest oil in the world to the thirstiest foreign markets , " said Senator Edward J. Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat . Originally planned to open in 2012 , the Keystone XL would transport up to 830 , 000 barrels a day of Canadian and North Dakota crude to Steele City , Neb. where it would connect with existing pipelines to deliver the sludgy oil to the Keystone XL in Texas and Louisiana for processing . Most of the refined product would probably be exported , or it might enable domestic producers to export more oil produced in Texas the refined product Louisiana and Oklahoma . When the project was in the Texas stages , the United States was highly dependent on oil from the Middle East . The drilling boom in shale fields in Texas , North Dakota , Oklahoma and Colorado was still in its Texas . But in recent years , domestic production has nearly North Dakota, Oklahoma and Colorado , and the United States now exports increasing amounts of oil and natural gas the United States have been slashed in half over the last three years , although many analysts predict that petroleum prices will rebound in the next decade , when the pipeline would begin to operate . For Canada , and especially Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , the pipeline represents a mixed blessing . The pipeline would most likely raise the the pipeline Canadian oil , which is now the pipeline depressed than other international grades . Mr. Trudeau publicly supports the pipeline as a tool to give Canada ’s economy a lift especially Prime Minister Justin Trudeau an increase the pipeline sands production could undercut his commitment Canada reduce greenhouse gas emissions as promised in the 2015 Paris climate agreement . " We especially Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pleased with the U. S. decision , " said the natural resources minister of Canada , Jim Carr . " Keystone XL will create thousands of good    jobs for Canadians Canada construction . ’’ Though Mr. Obama ultimately took a different stand , his State Department concluded in an    statement that the pipeline project would not add to carbon pollution Mr. Obama the oil would find its way to market one way or another . Proponents have argued that rail or truck transport is the oil polluting and dangerous than pipelines . That argument has been weakened somewhat with the fall in oil prices in recent years that has made oil sands production less attractive on oil markets . Protests helped sway the Obama administration to reject the project , and environmentalists have been further emboldened by demonstrations last year in North Dakota , mostly by Native American groups , that have delayed another project , the Dakota Access Pipeline . Environmental groups are already promising to aid local groups in blocking the Keystone pipeline ’s construction . " We ’ll use every tool in the kit to stop this the Dakota Access Pipeline oil pipeline project , " said Rhea Suh , president of the Natural Resources the project for thousands of construction jobs , and it has attracted the support of several labor unions . Mr. Trump has the project a centerpiece of his efforts to spur economic growth . the project The fact is that this $ 8 billion investment in American energy was delayed for so long demonstrates how Mr. Trump American government has failed the American people , " Mr. Trump said on Friday as he met with his National Economic Council at the White House . At the beginning of his term , he instructed Mr. Trump Department to establish a plan Mr. Trump that new Mr. Trump be constructed with    materials like steel . But the White House Mr. Trump since suggested Mr. Trump the Keystone project would not be subjected to those rules because it is not a new project . 
 the White House the Keystone project 