Washington ( CNN ) In the wake of Donald Trump ’s stunning victory , the    faces a new challenge : Melding Donald Trump campaign team with a Donald Trump transition effort that ’s been operating independently from the campaign . Neither Trump nor Donald Trump family members played a    role in the    details of transition planning in the run up to Election Day , multiple sources told CNN . Donald Trump wanted to focus on the task at hand     winning the election     and did n’t want to jinx Donald Trump .   But sources on the transition team say sources on the transition team are fully prepared to hit the ground running . Last week , 22 department heads submitted 22 department heads transition plans to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions for approval .   Who could be in the Trump administration ? Each of these departments has a " landing team " set to parachute into government agencies , get the lay of the land , begin the transition process and get Trump ’s    plan rolling .   the transition process was delivered to Trump Tower Tuesday . In particular , aides have focused on what Trump can do unilaterally , such as rolling back regulations .   One of Trump ’s key challenges in the coming weeks will be building Trump cabinet . On the transition team , department heads submitted lists of three names for cabinet positions , taking into account Trump public statements about who he would like to see in his administration . he Department heads submitted a list of three names for top cabinet positions . Given Trump Trump role in transition planning , sources caution that these potential picks are not set in stone . Trump could Trump some or choose to add others to the list .   a list of three names for top cabinet positions team also expects they will see a surge The transition team interest from people who want to serve in a Trump administration now that he is the   . Sources familiar with the Trump campaigns Trump for the Defense Department and national security posts said that they are loyal to supporters the Defense Department and national security posts " took a lot of crap " when they were seen to be the Defense Department and national security posts of his team and still they he .   National the Defense Department and national security posts sources also said Sources . Gen. Michael Flynn and Sessions , the first senator to endorse Trump at a time when few would even talk about him , will have a he of say in how they serve in his new administration . say he also said that House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul , a Texas Republican , could be in line to serve as Homeland Security Secretary and that former Rep. Mike Rogers , a CNN contributor , could serve a top intelligence role in the Trump White House . President Barack Obama ’s Defense Secretary , Ash Carter , meanwhile sent a memo to Defense workers Wednesday , saying , " Defense am committed to overseeing the orderly transition to the next commander in chief . I know I can count on you to execute all your duties with Defense Secretary, Ash Carter excellence our citizens know they can expect . " Who will our citizens pick for the Supreme Court ? As for the lists of potential appointees     each of those people has been vetted by the transition team , a process that has been overseen by William Hagerty ( who also worked on Mitt Romney ’s transition ) . As part of that vetting , appointees were judged based on a loyalty test , a source told CNN . That included scouring potential appointees’ social media accounts . Some people were weeded out for having been publicly critical of Trump in the past . That included scouring potential appointees’ social media accounts . Some people were weeded out for having been publicly critical of Trump in the past . Roughly 80 Trump have the past    five days a week on the Trump transition     a much smaller staff than Romney had dedicated to this effort in 2012 . But they ’ve also been consulting about 200 content Roughly 80 people     people who have served in previous administrations , who are working in states or are specific    experts . This is n’t a transition team that ’s been solely consulting    Trump loyalists . They ’ve tapped former George W. Bush officials Roughly 80 people former Romney people . Sessions has helped bring in Romney from the Hill , while Christie has Trump advisers to offer their expertise . Trump advisers will gather for a meeting at other governors Tower in Manhattan    morning and start hashing out what comes next , Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer said , though he said the meeting was not in regard to the transition Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer 
 a meeting at Trump Tower in Manhattan    