  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump is planning to host Chinese President Xi Jinping for a summit next month at President Donald Trump     estate in Florida , a senior administration official told CNN Monday . a senior administration official cautioned that the plan is only tentative at the moment . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is expected to finalize plans for the summit with Chinese officials as he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Beijing later this week , the a senior administration official . On Tuesday , China ’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that " both sides have been in close contact regarding a presidential summit " and it would " release relevant information in a timely manner . "   Plans for the summit a presidential summit be the first    meeting between Trump and Xi     come amid heightened tensions in the region , particularly the increasing North Korean nuclear threat . The meeting was first reported by Axios . RELATED : Pence slated to visit Indonesia , Japan , South Korea and Australia in April , Trump has said in Trump weeks that North Korea is one South Korea biggest security challenges he faces as president Trump has said he plans to call Trump China to take more serious action to rein in Pyongyang , pointing to the nation ’s significant leverage China North Korean regime . Territorial disputes in the South China Sea and China ’s continued building of    China are also likely to be on the agenda , as the issue has caused flaring tensions between China and the other major powers China the region , Japan and South Korea . OPINION : Why Trump should strike a deal with North Korea , Trade imbalance , South Korea are n’t discussing security challenges , Trump two world leaders are likely to focus on trade . Trump has made recalibrating US trade relationships Trump central tenet of his administration ’s agenda , and during Trump campaign , he repeatedly railed against the trade imbalance Trump the US and China . Trump has so far held back , Trump , on that front . While he promised to formally label China as Trump currency manipulator on his China day in office , he Trump yet to do so . Trump he has not been as vocal on Trump issue of China ’s impact of US trade since China . But the issue is not likely to fade into the issue of China’s impact of US trade . While he has changed his political positions on Trump range of Trump , Trump has for years been consistent in how he views the    relationship , blaming China as Trump major source of the decline China US manufacturing and exporting years before he decided to run for president . Trump : Why is Trump backing off his China threats ? Tillerson ’s Trump to Beijing Trump which will come this week after official meetings in Tokyo and Seoul     will lay the groundwork for Xi ’s visit and the agenda items . Trump ’s meeting with the Chinese president comes as Trump has already formed a bond with another major the Chinese president in Asia , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , whom Trump hosted at     last month . That meeting Trump the second between Trump and Abe Trump’s meeting with the Chinese president first met privately at Trump Tower during the transition . This story has been updated . 
 