  ( CNN ) CNN rode the rails with former Vice President Joe Biden as former Vice President Joe Biden took the train from Washington to Wilmington , Delaware , following President Donald Trump ’s inauguration . former Vice President Joe Biden rode with former Vice President Joe Biden wife , Jill . This is the first time in eight years that former Vice President Joe Biden has taken the train with a ticket actually in former Vice President Joe Biden name . Usually former Vice President Joe Biden rides with a ticket without a name for security reasons . CNN : What were your last words to ( former President ) Obama when you saw him (former President) ?    former Vice President Joe Biden : I said I ’ll see you in a couple of weeks , which I will .    CNN CNN Have you set up regular times to meet ?    former Vice President Joe Biden : We are going to see a lot of each other . We We got a lot of work we We going to do together and look , I know it sounds corny , but we We close friends . For example , as we We meeting ( Vice President ) Pence ’s and the president elect     now president      for that tea , our We granddaughter was being hustled out because she our little granddaughter the night . She our little granddaughter Sasha ( Obama ) spent the the night . So . .. she our little granddaughter , ’Sorry pop , I could n’t see you.’ But I could n’t come down .    CNN : This train is part of your personal story . Do you find yourself reflecting more while you are on here ? What does it mean riding out ?     Biden : What I used to do , literally , is : you ride along here at night going home . And you look out . You look in the windows and you see the lights on and think about     I always , I mean this sincerely     what is going on at that kitchen table ? What are people thinking about ? What are their   people worries ?   I have made over     they actually their   it , the conductors     8 , 200 round trips , over 2 million miles on Amtrak . Two hundred and fifty nine miles round trip a day , not everyday , but on average 217 days a year . This is my family and this is why I wanted to go home , the way I came .     Jill Biden : Full circle ,    Biden : Full circle . Going home to Delaware , the people I owe . And I really do owe them . Going home to Delaware, the people I owe 