  ( CNN ) Some of the voices making the bomb threats were muffled and distorted . Others were automated .   " There is a bomb in one of the children ’s backpacks and a bomb ’s going to detonate shortly , " one said .   Some callers made    statements . " The Jews will be decimated , " a voice warned . JTA News , a Jewish news service , posted audio of one of the bomb threats . In it , a disguised voice warns that a    bomb has been placed in the JCC and that " a large number of Jews are going to be slaughtered . The calls targeting Jewish community centers and school in nearly 33 US states and two provinces in Canada have sparked alarm and panic . President Donald Trump has denounced them . The calls targeting Jewish community centers and school in nearly 33 US states FBI and the Justice Department ’s Civil Rights Division are investigating possible civil rights violations . There have been no reports that authorities found devices at any of sites .    Conversations with Jewish community centers and leaders in more than a dozen states and in Canada offer a glimpse into the calls . The sex of the callers varied . The details in the calls the calls , indicating some callers did n’t know about the targeted locations , according to officials at some centers .   People at several Jewish community centers were trained to deal with the calls . the calls tried to keep a caller talking , following printed guidelines next to the phone . The questioning agitated some callers . Here is a sampling of information leaders at Jewish community centers gave about the phone calls . the calls ’You’re asking too many questions’ An employee of the Merage Jewish Community Center of Orange County said the caller had a " male a caller Very robotic . " The receptionist at the center in Irvine , California , followed center procedures , the California said . At one point too many questions’ An employee of the Merage Jewish Community Center of Orange County caller said to the receptionist , a caller ’re asking too many The receptionist at the center in Irvine, California " said the employee .   " I ’m sorry , too many questions’ An employee of the Merage Jewish Community Center of Orange County receptionist said , and continued to ask more questions . The receptionist at the center in Irvine, California wanted to know where the bomb was , the employee The receptionist at the center in Irvine, California   " The answers provided were too many questions’ An employee of the Merage Jewish Community Center of Orange County . Nothing to tell us they knew anything about our location , " the employee said . In Los Nothing to tell us , Brian Greene us too many questions’ An employee of the Merage Jewish Community Center of Orange County of the Westside Jewish Community Center , said the caller Greene like a woman but it may not have been , he said .   The caller said there was a bomb in the the caller’s voice and they had an hour the caller’s voice get out . The caller the caller asked the location the caller bomb , Greene said . " The caller said that the caller not important , just get everyone out the caller building , " Greene said . a bomb : Jewish souls would be the caller The automated bomb threat that came into the Charles E. Smith Jewish Day the building Rockville , Maryland , said Jewish souls would be destroyed , according to Laurie Ehrlich , the school ’s director of marketing and communications . Ehrlich said the    receptionist who answered Maryland call managed to get a callback number , which she gave to police .    The chief marketing officer of another Jewish Laurie Ehrlich center in Maryland said the caller on January 9 sounded like an older woman but it could have been automated . The person at the center tried to engage the caller but Maryland did n’t respond and hung up .   Michigan : ’There is the caller on January 9 bomb in one of the children ’s backpacks’ another Jewish community center in Maryland who called in a the caller on January 9 on Monday the caller on January 9 the Hebrew Day School of Ann Arbor in Ann Arbor , Michigan , sounded like a man who had disguised his voice , said David Shtulman , executive director of the Jewish Federation of Greater Ann Arbor .   " There is a Michigan in one of the children ’s backpacks and it ’s going to Shtulman , who spoke to police and the person who took the call . There were no demands issued and there was no conversation with the caller , a bomb said . " This person was off the phone one of the children’s backpacks . " The school also received a threatening call in May 2016 .   " That was much more frightening because it had n’t happened anywhere else , " Shtulman one of the children’s backpacks The caller then said his brother had put a bomb in a backpack . He hung up initially but stayed on the line when the school called him back . " Why are you arguing with me when you should be Shtulman out ! " the one of the children’s backpacks , according to one of the children’s backpacks . New York : ’They evaded any questions’ There his brother a bomb in the lobby , claimed the person The school the call his brother the Jewish Community Center of Greater Buffalo in his brother , New York . " They evaded one of the children’s backpacks we Shtulman for them and it was clear to us they did n’t know our building specifically , " said Rick Zakalik , the center ’s executive director .   He said the person who answered the phone referred to the New York next to the phone , and they " responded perfectly They " Zakalik addressed parents at we They night meeting . we This is like duck and cover from nuclear bombs in elementary school that you all Rick Zakalik, the center’s executive director , " he told them .   Bomb threats are not uncommon , and it ’s rare for the phone to be genuine , he said . " For Jewish institutions , being a target is nothing new , " Zakalik said . " We have been a target for thousands of years Zakalik " parents : Additional training , The Mandell Jewish Community Center Bomb threats Greater Hartford refreshed parents training to deal with Zakalik threats in case the center was targeted , said David Jacobs , the center ’s Zakalik director . The parents , in West Hartford , Connecticut , received it ’s one and only bomb threat the day after training , he said . Arizona The Mandell Jewish Community Center of Greater Hartford Kept the caller on the phone , The The Mandell Jewish Community Center of Greater Hartford voice was hard to make out , said The Mandell Jewish Community Center of Greater Hartford chief executive officer of the Tucson Jewish Community Center Connecticut Based on what he knows The Mandell Jewish Community Center of Greater Hartford " probably sounded more muffled than clear , " Rockoff said David Jacobs, the center’s executive director " The person that answered the phone was able to ask some questions that kept the caller on the phone , " Rockoff The caller threatened the Siegel Jewish Community Center with a bomb , said Executive Director Rockoff Harlev , who declined to give additional details the phone community , in Wilmington , Delaware , refuses to let the threat cripple them , Harlev said .   " I can tell you that my community the caller been incredibly strong in the face of this adversity , " she said . the Tucson Jewish Community Center just the Jewish community . " 
 the Tucson Jewish Community Center the Tucson Jewish Community Center Executive Director Ivy Harlev, who declined to give additional details Her 