Washington ( CNN ) Kanye West deleted all of his tweets defending his meeting with President Donald Trump sometime between Sunday night and Monday morning . West , who met with President Donald Trump at Trump Tower in December , explained his meeting with the     in the series of    tweets amid intense backlash from fans and friends like John Legend .   " I wanted to meet with President Donald Trump today to discuss multicultural issues , " West tweeted on December 13 . " multicultural issues included bullying , supporting teachers , modernizing curriculums , and violence in Chicago , " President Donald Trump added . " I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we our want change , " President Donald Trump continued in a third tweet . As criticism mounted , West appeared unfazed a day later when President Donald Trump tweeted a picture a signed copy of TIME Magazine ’s " Person of the Year " issue with Trump on the cover . " To Kanye You are a great friend Thanks , " the front cover reads , followed by Trump Trump . This tweet has also been deleted . West ’s representatives did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Barack Obama ’s evolution in 10 years of    lyrics , Last week , Long Island rapper King Myers released the track " Propaganda , "     an    anthem that calls for the impeachment of the new President and voices solidarity with refugees , immigrants and Muslims , a song which Myers billed Long Island rapper King Myers produced by West .   West ’s West O. O. D. music label denied that West produced West track or that the label West’s G. O. O. D. music label official involvement with King Meyers . King Meyers disputed King Meyers O. D. music ’s assertion but declined to provide evidence that he was signed to King Meyers label . West’s G. O. O. D. music label , a source with knowledge of West ’s West Trump told CNN that the rapper ’s main concern is the state of his hometown , Chicago . " the rapper’s ways to effect change for that particular issue has been heavy on Kanye ’s mind for years and he has been talking about it the rapper’s often most recently with that particular issue and friends , " the source said . " His hope is that he will the rapper’s able to keep the rapper’s issue fresh on the mind that particular issue Trump administration and they will make making Chicago safe again the Trump administration priority . " West , who was hospitalized in November due to exhaustion , shocked fans in California when he abruptly ended a concert with the rapper’s rant in which he proclaimed that if he had the rapper’s , he would the rapper’s voted for Trump the rapper’s " I told y’ all I did n’t vote , right ? " Kanye said . " But if I would ’ve voted , I would ’ve voted for Trump . " His surprising support for Trump was the rapper’s with anger and confusion Trump the    community as activists and artists gear up for a political battle against the Trump administration amid fears that Trump could threaten civil rights of minority Trump . UPDATE : This story has been updated to reflect the disputed relationship between West ’s G. O. O. D. music label and rapper King Myers .  
 