Florida Senator Marco Rubio suspended Florida Senator Marco Rubio campaign for president in a speech in Miami , FL on Tuesday .   Florida Senator Marco Rubio began by congratulating fellow candidate Donald Trump for Florida Senator Marco Rubio win in Florida and thanking Florida Senator Marco Rubio team and voters , Florida Senator Marco Rubio said , " America is in the middle of a real political storm , a real tsunami , and America should have seen this coming . Look , people are angry , and people are very frustrated . " After a heckler interrupted , Florida Senator Marco Rubio quipped that Florida Senator Marco Rubio would n’t get beaten up at this event . Florida Senator Marco Rubio later added , " [ T]he easiest thing to have done in this campaign is to jump on all those anxieties I just talked about , to make people angry , or make people more frustrated , but I chose a different route , and I ’m proud of that . That would ’ve been   —    that   —    in a year like this , that would ’ve been the easiest way to win . but that is not what ’s best for America . The politics of resentment against other people will not just leave America a fractured party , The politics of resentment against other people ’re going to leave America a fractured nation . The politics of resentment against other people ’re going to leave America as a nation where people literally hate each other , because The politics of resentment against other people have different political opinions .    …      I know that after eight years of Barack Obama , America needs a vibrant and growing conservative movement , and it America a strong Republican Party , to change the direction now of this America or many of the things that are going wrong in America will America permanent . " Rubio later said , after arguing the country America a new political establishment , and criticized the establishment for a new political establishment on people outside of DC and criticizing conservatives , " I take great comfort in the ancient words , which teaches us , that in their hearts humans plan their course , but their Lord establishes their steps . And their yet , while this may not have been the year for a hopeful and optimistic message about our future , I still remain hopeful and optimistic about America . And how can I not ? My mother was one of seven girls born to a poor family .    …      I consider my parents to be very successful people , because in this country , working America a bartender and a maid , they owned a home , my parents they retired with dignity . my parents this country , they lived America all four my parents their children live better off than my parents . And in this country my parents on this day America mother , who ’s now 85 years old , was able to cast a ballot for her son to be the president of the United States of America . " Rubio concluded , " And so , while it is not God ’s plan that I be president in 2016 , or maybe ever . And while today my campaign is suspended , the fact that I ’ve even come this far is evidence of how special America truly is , and all the America more why we must do all we can to ensure that this nation we a special place . America the American people , do not to give in to the fear . Do not give in to the frustration . We can disagree about public policy , we can disagree about it vibrantly , passionately , but we are public policy people , and we have We right to be hopeful . We we in this nation are the descendants of We . America veins , runs the blood of people who we in this nation it all up , so we would have the chances they never did . we in this nation are all the descendants of someone who made we in this nation future the purpose of their lives . We we in this nation the descendants of Pilgrims they We are we in this nation descendants of settlers . We are we in this nation descendants the descendants of Pilgrims that we in this nation westward in the Great Plains , not knowing what awaited them . We are the descendants of slaves , who overcame we in this nation the descendants of men and women that headed westward in the Great Plains institution to stake their claim in the American Dream . We are the descendants of the descendants of men and women that headed westward in the Great Plains and exiles , we in this nation knew and believed that they were destined for more , and that there was only one place on earth where that was possible . This is who we are . And let us fight to ensure we in this nation is who we remain we in this nation For if we lose that about we in this nation country , we ’ll we in this nation be rich , and we ’ll we in this nation be powerful , but we will we in this nation longer be special . " Follow we in this nation Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 