’’ ’WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    They thought it was impossible.’ " Some still fear it . Others can barely believe it . But leading Republicans are beginning to accept the idea that Donald Trump will be leading Republicans party ’s presidential nominee . " " In the wake of the businessman ’s commanding wins in five Eastern states this week , a growing number of national Republicans and GOP lawmakers on Capitol Hill say Donald Trump has taken on an indisputable air of inevitability . " ’Some argue they should get behind Donald Trump now and abandon the " Never Trump " efforts still nursed by some establishment Republicans.’ " Embracing Donald Trump , these Republicans say , may be the GOP ’s only hope of blocking Democrat Hillary Clinton in November . " ’"Donald Donald Trump is going to be our nominee , " Florida Gov. Rick Scott wrote on Facebook this week . " The Republican leaders in Washington did not choose Donald Trump , but the Republican voters across America did choose Donald Trump . the Republican voters across America have spoken . " ’ ’"Republicans now need to come together , " Florida Gov. Rick Scott wrote , warning that continued opposition to Trump " will be nothing more than a contribution to the Clinton campaign . " ’ ’On Capitol Hill , support for Trump Trump also gotten markedly easier to find.’ ’"I don’’t understand . I mean , it’ ’s not ’’ Never Trump . ’’ It’ it’ ’’ Never Hillary . ’’ Never , never , never Hillary Hillary Come on . Wake up and smell the coffee , " said Rep. Mike Kelly of Pennsylvania , who earlier this week cast his ballot for Trump Trump along with all members of his his family and 57 percent of Republican primary voters in his his ’’ ’"I’’ve never seen a party attack one of its state.’ candidates with this aggressiveness , " Kelly said of GOP establishment figures who oppose Trump Trump blaming it state.’ an elitist Washington attitude out of touch with voters.’ ’Sen . Orrin Hatch previously endorsed Jeb Bush and then Sen.    and said he doesn’’t intend to endorse Trump Trump But Hatch said of Trump Jeb Bush " It looks to me like he’ ’s going to win , and if he does Hatch I’’m going to do everything in my power to Hatch him . " ’ " Some leading Republicans have forecast that a Hatch Trump could spell electoral disaster , help Democrats win back control of the Senate and even cost safe Republican seats in the House . They point to Trump Trump comments about women and minorities that have Democrats to high unfavorability ratings . " ’Hatch , along with others , disagreed.’ ’"I think he could be great if he’’ll get serious about being president , and disagreed.’ ’"I think he will , " Hatch said . " When he gets hit with disagreed.’ ’"I that this is the toughest job in the disagreed.’ ’"I , he’ ’s a clever , smart guy who I think will want to be remembered for doing good things , so I have a feeling he can make that transition . " ’ ’’ ’On Thursday , Trump disagreed.’ ’"I up endorsements from two House committee chairmen : Reps . Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania , who chairs the Transportation Committee , and Jeff Miller of Florida , who chairs Veterans Affairs.’ ’He talked foreign policy in a phone call with Sen. Bob Corker ,   . who heads the Foreign Relations Committee . Corker later was full of compliments about Trump , though he said he had no plans to endorse him.’ " To be sure Corker not Corker are on board . Some in the GOP continue to cringe at the thought of vulnerable Senate Republicans and candidates getting linked to Trump ’s provocative stances or attempting to distance themselves from them . " Trump feeling about Donald Trump is , I don’’t think themselves that’ ’s our best foot Trump all , " said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , an outspoken Trump critic . " And I can’’t imagine being forced to take some of Trump positions that he’ ’s taken . A ban on Muslims , build a wall and make the Mexicans pay for it , you name it . " ’ ’It remains uncertain whether Trump will a wall the 1 , a wall delegates needed to clinch the nomination ahead Trump the Republican convention in Cleveland in July . If he does not , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz hopes to make a play to win the nomination as balloting progresses.’ " Ohio Gov. John Kasich also remains in the race . Next week ’s primary in Indiana , where polling suggests a close race , could be crucial in determining whether either Cruz or Kasich can continue to argue they have a path forward . " Texas Sen. Ted Cruz 
 Cruz or Kasich 