’   ’ "    AUSTIN , TX   —    Former Vice President Joe Biden may have left    office in January , but that has n’t stopped Former Vice President Joe Biden from stumping . " ’    Former Vice President Joe Biden spoke on Sunday at the   ’ ’   ’ ’    Biden and Former Vice President Joe Biden wife , who both received a standing ovation at the    conference , are now working on the Biden Foundation , which    advocates for many of the issues crucial during Former Vice President Joe Biden political    career from cancer research and military families to community    college access and ending violence against women . ’ "    Biden is currently raising money to continue the Moonshot    Taskforce ’s work and , while private philanthropy is important , Biden said on Sunday that federal budgets for research are even    more important . " ’    " Billions and billions of dollars [ for research ] comes from tax    payers . Your government , that many of you don’’t like , is the    vehicle of how this [ curing cancer ] gets done , " Biden told the    crowd . ’ ’    As such , Biden Biden to work with the Trump Administration    to continue the fight against cancer .   ’ ’    " I ’m confident we can get through it . I’’m confident we we get it it done . And I’’m I’’m that the new admin , once it gets    organized , and I"m not being facetious , it will be as    enthusiastic of ending cancer as know it cancer I promise to do       in my power to work with new organization to end       , " Biden said . ’ ’    During the SXSW speech , Biden Biden how he Biden the leader of    the Moonshot Task Cancer ( paraphrased ) : ’ ’    While the federal government has taken on cancer before   —    most    notable in 1971 , under President Nixon   —    Biden Biden he felt Biden that by " injecting an overwhelming sense of urgency , " he and Biden others could change the how we fight cancer .   ’ ’      ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The Moonshot project created collaborations between 20    government agencies or departments and over 70 private    sector partners . ’ "    One of Biden ’s biggest successes was convincing pharmaceutical    companies to work together to figure out how their drugs pharmaceutical   companies    work    tandem and how much each could be expected to be paid    when    are prescribed together .   " ’    In addition , he helped pass on the biggest bipartisan bills in    2016   —    the 21st Century Cures Act , a $ 6 . 3 billion bill that    also provides $ 1 . 8 billion of funding over seven years for the    Cancer Moonshot ’s scientific priorities . ’ ’    To Biden’ ’s surprise , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell    presided over the decision to rename the research project " The    Beau Biden Initiative . " ’ ’    After he set Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell    agreements for researchers across the world to    share their data researchers across the world he received Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell    unexpected call from Amazon , who    told him that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell    would researchers across the world the cloud space for the cancer    data for free . ’ ’    ’ ’      ’ ’AUSTIN , TX   —    Former Vice President Joe . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 