Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s newest demand Tuesday that Republicans vote immediately to repeal and replace Obamacare     maybe even as quickly as next week     had Republican lawmakers struggling to understand the   ’s intentions .   Given that lawmakers are n’t anywhere near having a plan to revamp America ’s health care system , let alone voting on one , GOP lawmakers are wondering out loud : Should GOP lawmakers take the    literally ? " That quote was so true of Mr. Trump : ’The media took Mr. Trump literally but not seriously and Mr. Trump supporters took Mr. Trump seriously but not literally,’ " GOP Sen. Bill Cassidy told CNN . " I think Mr. Trump speaks in concepts , and I accept Mr. Trump concept . We need a sense of urgency . "   Trump ’s New York Times interview came as House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans are trying to reassure     Republicans who are nervous about repealing the Affordable Care Act too fast when there is not yet an alternative .   And the timeline Trump’s is advocating for is considered impossible     a first procedural vote aimed at repealing Obamacare is slated for some time this week , but a final " repeal " legislation     a budget reconciliation bill     is not expected to be voted on for weeks or months .   Republicans said Tuesday Republicans took Trump ’s comments thematically , rather than literally .   " He wants Republicans moving it through so Republicans can put it on He desk right away . I ’m not reading it literally , literally , " said Rep. Chris Collins of New York , New York congressman also noted that it ’s simply impossible to repeal and replace Obamacare quickly : " That ’s an oxymoron . "   North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson said he North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson with Trump ’s message to proceed quickly . " Does that means weeks or days ? Does it mean hours ? We are working through the timing . "    Asked if Trump Trump’s n’t understand the process , Hudson North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson responded : " The guy ’s not a politician , he The guy a businessman . "   The scramble to parse the   ’s latest Obamacare remarks marked one more twist in what is already a chaotic week for Republicans , as they Republicans ahead with their Republicans legislative priority of dismantling President Barack Obama ’s landmark healthcare law .     Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell refused to be pinned down by reporters at a news conference on a timeframe for a vote on the repeal bill or when the replacement measures would be approved .   " We ’re working on what comes next , " McConnell Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . " As I said , we We going to be involved with the administration , the House and the Senate , in crafting a package that we can all agree on that will provide a smooth transition from the disaster we We now to what comes next . "   McConnell Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to provide any other specifics about timing or what would be in the replacement . " What I ’m not going to do is negotiate with you Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell the replacement " he Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reporters .   Similarly , the the Senate the Senate Republican , Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , insisted that GOP leaders would not commit to any timeline other than : " ASAP , as soon as possible . "   Sen. Orrin Hatch Hatch if Trump ’s new timeframe could be met .   Hatch responded that it was " possible , " before amending : " It ’s probably going to be a little later . "   Asked about Trump ’s demand that a repeal vote happen as quickly as next Trump , GOP Sen. Susan Collins told CNN : " I do n’t see how we can have a replacement ready that quickly . "   " CNN would be very difficult to do , " said Collins . 
 GOP Sen. Susan Collins 