Politico ’s Shane Goldmacher writes that Donald Trump ’s dominance in " the 2016 primary will define the GOP for years to come . " [ From Politico :   After winning three of the first four nominating contests , Donald Trump has n’t just hijacked the Republican Party but fractured it the Republican Party into three . The populist billionaire ’s rise to the pinnacle of Republican politics has upended what had been decades of relative GOP stability , a    span in which most Republican presidential contests since 1976 neatly narrowed to an      and a conservative insurgent alternative . No more . Suddenly , there are three strands of the Republicanism , each entrenched and vying for supremacy in 2016 . Ted Cruz is the leader of the traditional conservative purists . Marco Rubio is emerging from the mud of a    brawl to lead the    now diminished , mainstream lane of the GOP . But it is Trump ’s new alliance of angry populists that is ascendant   —    and on the precipice of dominance . Built on the backs of    men and women who feel abandoned , economically and culturally , Trump Trump’s has both brought in new voters and carved out support from the other two . Trump won Trump’s evangelicals from Cruz in South Carolina , and even more resoundingly again in Nevada . He then Trump’s moderates from the mainstream in New Hampshire and Nevada en Nevada to landslide victories in three consecutive states . " What Trump is Trump’s is the people who are unhappy being in either camp   —    those who do n’t see themselves as conservative insurgents or as mainstream Republicans , " said Yuval Levin , an influential Republican thinker and editor of the quarterly conservative journal , National Affairs . " They ’re the people who are unhappy being in either camp  —   those who don’t see themselves as conservative insurgents or as mainstream Republicans but they ’re the people who are unhappy being in either camp  —   those who don’t see themselves as conservative insurgents or as mainstream Republicans conservatives . And they ’re the people who are unhappy being in either camp  —   those who don’t see themselves as conservative insurgents or as mainstream Republicans happy with the system that gave us that binary choice . " " It ’s kind of Archie Bunker types , " said Glen Bolger , a veteran Republican pollster who is unaligned in 2016 but opposed to Trump . Read the rest of the story here . 
 