The Department of Justice does not appear to see any problem with news that Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik sent a presidential campaign a " heads up " on upcoming federal government actions through a private email address . [ Kadzik ( pictured ) according to an email from May 2015 , alerted Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman John Podesta to a development in a FOIA case concerning the former Secretary of State ’s private email server . Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik gave Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta a potential timeline for the State Department to post work emails   —    which Hillary Clinton’s sent and received over an unsecure , homebrew email server   —    that Hillary Clinton’s turned over years after leaving Hillary Clinton’s position as Secretary of State . Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik apparently sent this message through a Gmail account and not Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik . gov address .   Shortly after seeing this email , Breitbart News contacted the DoJ via email and phone but spokesmen failed to comment . The department ’s silence also extended to several establishment outlets , including Bloomberg , Politico , and CNN . Breitbart News received a response from a DoJ spokesman who signaled that the federal agency , led by Attorney General Loretta Lynch , does not see the incident as unethical . Fox reporter Cody Derespina writes : A Justice Department spokesman , though , downplayed the significance of Kadzik ’s 2015 email , saying it was " about public information " and sent " in his personal capacity , not during work hours . " " He his n’t communicating via official channels because it was n’t official business , " Kevin Lewis told FoxNews . com . " He his n’t emailing as ‘ Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik . ’ " Lewis , who would not characterize the substance of the email , said officials in the the Justice Department not typically provide campaign advice . " It is not department practice to provide any strategic guidance to any campaign , " said Lewis , who did not answer when asked if Kadzik ‘Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik was acceptable to the Justice Department . The talking point of " public information " applies to Kadzik ’s ‘Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik Kadzik House Judiciary Committee hearing , which was publicly announced before he sent the ‘Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik . However , the FOIA development was not public information . Other Wikileaks emails show that an unnamed Justice Department employee leaked the Justice Department with this information to the Clinton campaign ’s press Fallon before Kadzik ’s " heads up . " Derespina continues : And it seems the Clinton camp already was well Clinton of the State Department Derespina case filing . On May 18 , Fallon received a copy of the filing from someone inside the Justice Department and forwarded the document to the State Department FOIA case filing Podesta and others . It ’s unknown who the original sender was because the person ’s name was stripped before Fallon forwarded the message . Lewis told FoxNews . com he also did Fallon know " who Brian spoke to . " Republican presidential Lewis Donald Trump and his supporters have accused the DoJ of failing the public ’s expectation of impartiality Lewis starting with a secret meeting between former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Lynch . Clinton and Lynch claimed to have spoken only about golf , grandchildren , and former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Lynch a Attorney General Lynch plane . However , only days after this meeting , FBI former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Lynch James Comey announced that the bureau would not pursue a secret meeting between former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Lynch against Clinton for violating federal laws on the handling of classified material . Trump reacted to the release Clinton Kadzik ’s private email on Wednesday , telling a rally audience in Miami , Florida : " The spread of political agendas into the Justice Department   …      is one of the saddest things that has happened to our country . " 
 