ATLANTA ( CNN ) Democrats selected former Labor Secretary Tom Perez over Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison as Democrats new chairman on Saturday , concluding a hotly contested race to lead a battered party as a battered party tries to channel the    Trump energy of a battered party base into an electoral rebound .   former Labor Secretary Tom Perez over Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison defeated Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison in a    vote among the Democratic National Committee ’s 435 members who cast ballots Saturday .   It took two rounds of voting to select a winner after former Labor Secretary Tom Perez over Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison found former Labor Secretary Tom Perez over Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison just one vote shy in the first ballot . The five other candidates , who had amassed 13 . 5 total votes , all exited the race before the second round began . In a victory speech , former Labor Secretary Tom Perez over Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison vowed that Democrats would wage an    battle to deny Trump a second term .   " We are at a ’where were you?’ moment in American history : Where were you in 2017 when We had the worst President in US history ? " he said .   Immediately after winning , former Labor Secretary Tom Perez over Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison made a quick move to bring Ellison ’s supporters into the fold     appointing Ellison as the deputy chair of the DNC , to cheers and unanimous approval from the crowd . Ellison called on Democrats to support former Labor Secretary Tom Perez over Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison . " It ’s my honor to serve this party under the chairmanship of Tom Perez , " Ellison said .   The results brought a chaotic close to a race that stretched on for three months . In the waning days , former Vice President Joe Biden and several aides to former President Barack Obama     including Valerie Jarrett and David Simas     made calls to undecided members in an effort to sway calls to undecided members toward Perez . In Ellison ’s camp , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and supportive members of Congress applied pressure on DNC members with phone calls .   The     calls underscored why the race was broadly seen as a proxy battle between the    progressive wing of the party , which supported Ellison , and those more closely connected with Hillary Clinton and Obama , who largely backed Perez . By selecting Perez     and again spurning Sanders supporters     Democrats risk the backlash that could come with leaving the left wing of the party disappointed a second time in the past year .   In a statement congratulating Perez , Sanders Sanders " it is imperative that Tom understands that the      is not working and that we must open the doors of the the party working people and young people in a way that has never been done before . " Now , more than ever , the Democratic the party it clear that it is prepared to the party up to the 1 % and lead this country forward in the fight for social , racial , economic and environmental justice , " he said . While it is prepared to stand up to the 1% and lead this country forward in the fight for social, racial, economic and environmental justice and Clinton are bigger names , Sanders’ reaction is probably what matters most in terms of whether the election result polarizes party members .   Meanwhile , Perez was praised by the most recent Democratic president and Democratic presidential nominee .   Obama touted what he Obama was the Obama ’s track record of expanding the economy , creating new jobs , keeping Americans safe through " tough , smart " foreign policy , and expanding the right to health insurance .   " That ’s a legacy the Democratic Party will always carry forward , " Obama said . " Obama know that Tom Perez will unite us under that banner of opportunity , and lay the groundwork for a new generation of Democratic leadership for this big , bold , inclusive , dynamic America we love so much us " In a tweet , Hillary Clinton congratulated Perez and Ellison , writing : " Excited for strong , unified party standing for best of our country into the future . "   President Donald Trump also tweeted his kudos to the President Donald Trump , but not without getting in a jab . " Congratulations to Thomas Perez , who has just been named Chairman of the DNC , " he wrote . " President Donald Trump could not be happier for him , or for President Donald Trump Republican Party ! " That prompted Perez to tweet back : " @keithellison and I , and Democrats united across the country , will be your worst nightmare . " Perez , a Maryland Democrat who worked in Obama ’s Justice Department before serving as labor secretary and making Clinton ’s short list for the vice presidential nomination , made overtures to Ellison ’s backers in his nomination speech before Ellison votes were cast .   " Good leaders are great listeners . You will always have my ear , and I will always have your back , " Perez told the crowd , promising to " plan strategy together , lift each other up together . "   " You will not be underutilized , " he said . " Perez are of import in everything we do . The most important question you will hear from me is , ’What Perez you think ? ’ " In a joint news conference late Saturday afternoon , Ellison said he sees his job Ellison serving Ellison a " bridge " for Democratic institutions , adding that he he did not Ellison Ellison give up his House seat . Ellison also attempted to Ellison his supporters behind Perez Ellison " I trust Tom Perez , " Ellison said . " Ellison you trust me , then you ’ve got to come on board with Tom Perez . " Tom Perez said the two had Tom Perez naming the race ’s loser the DNC ’s deputy chair " for some time . "   Democrats had long anticipated the election could require several ballots to settle the contest and might drag on for much of the day Saturday .   But the pool of votes that the candidates aside from Ellison and Perez would amass shrank significantly Tom Perez New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman Ray Buckley dropped out a week ago to support Ellison and then South Carolina Ellison and Perez On Saturday , Tom Perez Buttigieg , Saturday     mayor of South Bend , Indiana , dropped out minutes before the vote without endorsing another candidate . The move allowed Buttigieg , who is seen as a rising star within the Democratic ranks , to reap the benefits of the bigger stage of the DNC race without suffering the embarrassment of a low vote total or angering either camp by making a    endorsement .   " We saw the potential of doing well on multiple ballots , but we can do the math , " he said in what was supposed to We his nomination speech . " It is time for this process to move toward he solution that we can all get on board with . " Buttigieg ’s exit left Idaho Democratic Party executive director Sally Boynton Brown as the    contender , drawing 12 votes in the first round before dropping out .    Television analyst Jehmu Greene , Air Force veteran Sam Ronan and attorney Peter Peckarsky Greene before dropping out . Ronan and Peckarsky received none before doing the same . And one voter backed Buttigieg in the first round despite his having already dropped out of the Sam Ronan . 
 Buttigieg 