Washington ( CNN ) Ivanka Trump ’s    book aimed at helping millennial working women define success in millennial working women careers and lives , titled " Women Who Work , " came out Tuesday .   Written with the extensive use of a    works cited , and inspirational quotes and stories from more than 130 people , including Oprah Winfrey , Colin Powell , Mindy Kaling , Maya Angelou , Sheryl Sandberg and Walt Disney , the tone is very    for Trump .   The book also includes motivational quotes written in funky calligraphy on pale pink paper ( paging Elle Woods     no , they are n’t scented ) at the beginning of each chapter .   The first daughter wrote The first daughter guide before the November 2016 election , updating with a brief preface during the presidential transition time .   " Women Who Work " presents Trump , who now serves The first daughter father ’s administration as a top adviser , as a model working woman .   Here are some anecdotes and tidbits the    Trump offers up :   The first daughter children call Her children grandmother " Glamma . " The glamorous Ivana Trump , President Donald Trump ’s first wife and mother to Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric , is described by her daughter as " a fashion icon , the consummate hostess and a lifelong entrepreneur . " her daughter ’s a runner . " ( I ’m ) striving to improve as a runner , " writes Trump , who has been spotted jogging in Washington ’s Rock Creek Park . her daughter ’s a hard worker . " Anyone who knows me knows that I will outwork anyone , " her daughter says . Husband Jared Kushner is a moderating force . " Husband Jared Kushner ’s incredibly pragmatic , always cool in the face of adversity Husband Jared Kushner finds it unproductive to focus on the problem ( versus the solution ) or to react emotionally , " her daughter writes of Husband Jared Kushner . " Husband Jared Kushner ’s my greatest teacher in this regard , the calm , soothing voice of reason that guides me to focus on what matters most , even in moments of crisis or chaos , where I naturally tend to be a bit more emotional . " her daughter likes peonies . Trump encourages working women to get perspective on working women lives and careers by looking from a point far in the future . her daughter imagined scenario is a milestone birthday . " I ’m standing at the end of a long table , adorned with beautiful bouquets of    peonies , and seated on both sides are the people who ’ve mattered most to me in my life . " her daughter majored in real estate . Trump attended Georgetown University and transferred to the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania , where her daughter majored in real estate and also studied finance and art history . Arabella , 5 , to join the family business ? Trump insists it ’s up to Trump , but Trump worked on the Trump International DC Hotel with Trump daughter ’s future in mind . " I can envision Arabella overseeing the Trump International DC Hotel someday ( if she Arabella chooses ! ) and I shared that with the selection committee , " she Arabella . She Arabella a reader . " I consume a tremendous amount of information : books , newspapers , trade publications , magazines , " she Arabella . " TED Talks and podcasts are another way I diversify my own information bias and expose myself to    snackable bits of information on topics . " 2016     a " real   ! " Trump     who attended private school and enjoyed a    adult life , discussed the importance of talking to people outside her Arabella , citing her Arabella ’s presidential campaign . " Having talked to people on both sides of the political aisle during my her father’s for the presidency , I learned firsthand the importance of gathering and considering disparate viewpoints . " She Arabella Jared are matchmakers . Trump discusses the importance of collecting contacts     " My favorite personal example of this is how Jared and I Jared introduced seven couples who ’ve gotten married . Seven ! ( We joke that She and Jared hidden talent She and Jared matchmaking , but that we do n’t She and Jared guarantees . So far , so good , no divorces ! ) " She makes a lot of lists . Trump makes the Trump to write resolutions on New Year ’s Day . " I sit down alone with a notebook and headphones to brainstorm a long list of    objectives for each of the different businesses that I oversee , " she writes . She also makes She of personal and family resolutions . And she keeps daily She      lists in a Moleskine notebook   . ( Also , she says that She digital calendar She "   by business and topic . " ) Jared likes to walk . " Jared logs miles Jared Sunday by taking calls on his cell while Jared in circles in the living room or walking outdoors , " she writes , She research that walking boosts creativity . She gardens . She bonds with her children while She at their New Jersey her children home on weekends . " Berries are a big hit : strawberries and blueberries we even have a peach tree and a fig bush . " She practices Transcendental She . Trump has meditated for " several years , " she says , She And I could n’t do half of what I do in a day without it . " She says 20 She is ideal for clearing the head , but five minutes is " better than nothing ! " She used to She her children on She media . Trump frequently posts Trump of her three children She 1 , 3 , and 5 , on Instagram , but it was n’t always that way . " I did n’t share a single picture of Arabella publicly until after her first birthday She " adding that positive feedback on the     images of her life encouraged She to post She frequently . She gives her She ’spa She Trump talks about Trump importance of spending individual time with each of her children . She I ’ve never really loved bath time , " she writes , She , " I try to make it special for the kids . I like to give them ’spa baths,’ the kids I run the shower for steam , play rainforest music on Spotify , lower the lights , and let them add bubble bath to the water . They get a them out of it and it makes it it fun it us all . " She likes Bravo ’s ’Real Housewives.’ Trump acknowledges that " Sometimes I like turning on ’Real Housewives’ and sitting in front of the TV eating a giant bowl of pasta with a glass of wine , but if I ’m honest with myself , it ’s kind of counterproductive , " she writes , She that those times are good for meditation or exercise . She gets real She breastfeeding . " One of the hardest things about returning to work is trying to continue breastfeeding and watching your milk supply plummet , " she says , She " made me feel like an awful parent . " She said she She cut She some slack She her first child She Her     brings She snacks . Trump ’s     Jared Kushner ’s mom , Seryl , kept employees at her eponymous apparel She accessories brand   . " I stock the fridge with healthy snacks ( thanks to my awesome     who does grocery runs for us ! ) , " Trump writes . Trump’s     has since Trump writes a formal leave of absence from Ivanka Trump . 
 