  ( CNN ) Potential progressive backlash to Tim Kaine was slow to mount Friday evening after Hillary Clinton chose Tim Kaine as Hillary Clinton running mate , though a few traditional Democratic interest groups did take shots at Tim Kaine after the selection was made . Tim Kaine is not as liberal as some Democrats would prefer on a range of issues , most prominently trade and abortion rights .   Two major labor groups praised Tim Kaine despite Tim Kaine support for the    Partnership .    President Richard Trumka said Tim Kaine had a " strong record on workers’ issues " and proclaimed Tim Kaine a " winner for America . " The SEIU also praised Tim Kaine ’s record as well , saying , " The SEIU know what is in Tim Kaine ’s heart . " But two other progressive groups , however , the Progressive Change Campaign Committee and Democracy for America America took issue with the choice , citing Kaine Tim Kaine support for the TPP , a massive    Pacific rim trade deal opposed by progressives . " Since Tim Tim Kaine to fast track the    Partnership , Republicans now have a new opening to attack Democrats on this economic populist issue , " the PCCC said in a statement . " The mood of the country is a populist one . The center of gravity in the Democratic Party has shifted in a bold , populist , progressive direction     regardless of who is selected by Hillary Clinton as vice president . " Democracy for America executive director Charles Chamberlain said Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton present challenges for his group ’s Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump .    " Secretary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton Senator Tim Kaine as her running mate does Hillary Clinton change that goal , but Kaine ’s support for Senator Tim Kaine authority for the      Partnership and recent backing of bank deregulation will make our work more difficult , " he wrote in a Senator Tim Kaine .   Two major groups that favor abortion rights chose not to criticize Kaine , with the Senator Tim Kaine Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws noting his legislative record . Senator Tim Kaine While Senator Kaine has been Senator Tim Kaine his personal reservations abut abortion Senator Tim Kaine he ’s maintained a 100 Senator Tim Kaine    voting record in the US Senate , " the group said in a statement . " When he was governor , Tim Senator Tim Kaine took positions we Senator Tim Kaine and actively campaigned the group . We ’re pleased that since then the group his votes and public statements have Senator Tim Kaine consistently in favor of trusting women to make our own decisions . " Planned the group also noted his 100 % rating on their scorecard , calling him a " thoughtful running mate his integrity . " Minnesota Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar told CNN that she thought Kaine was an excellent Minnesota Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar because of his experience , temperament and bipartisan Kaine . " He ’s just someone that Republicans Kaine a lot of respect for , " she told Don Lemon on " Minnesota Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar Tonight . " " He ’s someone who takes responsibility Kaine things . You saw that when he was mayor ( of Richmond Kaine when he was governor . " Republicans Kaine meanwhile , labeled Kaine a Washington insider . In a fundraising text message to supporters , Trump ’s campaign wrote : " The ultimate insiders     Obama , Hillary and Kaine . Do n’t Let Obama Kaine a 3rd Term . Obama . " The campaign later issued a lengthy Trump’s campaign labeling the Virginia Democrat " corrupt Kaine . " " It ’s Kaine fitting that Hillary Clinton would select an ethically challenged Hillary Tim Kaine who ’s personally benefited from the rigged system , " spokesman Jason Miller said . " While serving in government , Kaine has taken tens of thousands of dollars the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine freebies     more than $ 160 , 000 in fact     on free vacations , free clothes , and free tickets . If you think Crooked Hillary and Corrupt Kaine are going to change anything in Washington the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine it ’s just the opposite . " Miller was likely referring to Kaine ’s acceptance of more than $ 160 Corrupt Kaine in gifts during his time as governor , benefiting from Virginia the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine loose laws related to political gift giving . There was no accusation , however , that Kaine helped any of his gift givers through the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine official capacity as the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine . Trump himself the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine up on that line of the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine night , tweeting , " Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine while Governor of Virginia and did n’t get indicted while Bob M did ? " Trump tweeted , referring to Kaine ’s successor , the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine McDonnell . Kaine spokeswoman the Virginia Democrat "corrupt Kaine Dudley refuted the allegations of impropriety . Kaine’s During his eight years as lieutenant governor and governor , Senator Kaine went beyond the requirements of Virginia law , Kaine’s any and all gifts received , including those beneath the reporting threshold , " Dudley said in a statement . " All disclosure information     Kaine spokeswoman Amy Dudley vast majority of which was for    travel expenses rather than gifts     has been publicly available for years and never once raised any concerns of impropriety . "    Republicans praise Kaine , Meanwhile , the Republican National Committee    to stoke tensions between Clinton and the liberal base that initially flocked to Bernie Sanders , saying that Kaine did " nothing to unify a fractured Democrat base which Kaine repelled by her dishonesty and cronyism . " Two prominent critics of the Kaine , though , tweeted some support for their Senate colleague . Jeff Flake , an Arizona Republican , Two prominent critics of the Trump : " Trying to count the ways I hate @timkaine . Drawing a blank . Congrats to a good man and a good friend . " And Lindsey Graham , another Trump critic , tweeted : " I find the VP candidates the Trump Governor Mike Pence and Senator Tim Kaine     more palatable than the presidential nominees . " Even    artist MC Hammer , best known for hit songs " U Ca n’t Touch This " and " 2 Legit 2 Quit , " weighed in on the choice . He tweeted Friday , " Tim Kaine is an excellent choice ! ! ! Good man Senator Tim Kaine     with my Brother Raul Fernandez . # ClintonKaine " The tweet included a photo of Kaine with the musician and entrepreneur Raul Fernandez at a Washington Capitals Senator Tim Kaine     . Other Clinton VP candidates react , Several other names floated to be Clinton ’s running mate praised Clinton ’s choice . New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker quickly praised Kaine Clinton’s first tweet came right after the announcement , when Senator Tim Kaine     tweeted , New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker KAINE IS ABLE ! ! ! " which is New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker biblical reference Senator Tim Kaine     the story of Cain and Abel .   He added , " Sincerely , Tim Kaine is 1 of the most New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker men in politics . Senator Tim Kaine       am inspired by him , give them your vote . " Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper tweeted Senator Tim Kaine     to Kaine . the most honorable men in politics Great choice @HillaryClinton . @TimKaine is one of America ’s Senator Tim Kaine     working , optimistic , experienced public servants , " he tweeted . And Labor Secretary Tom Perez told CNN that Kaine is " @TimKaine great man . " " The first conversation I Senator Tim Kaine     had with Tim Kaine was about our shared love of civil rights law and fair Senator Tim Kaine     , " he said in a statement . " He is a great man , he Senator Tim Kaine     make an even better vice president Senator Tim Kaine     and as a proud progressive Senator Tim Kaine     I can not wait to vote for him in November . " 
 Senator Tim Kaine     