Andy McCarthy , senior fellow at National Review and former Assistant U. S. Attorney , joined SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily to make SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon case that Donald Trump is playing Republican primary voters for " chumps , " because " SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon is the Establishment " SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon claims to be running against .   McCarthy prefaced McCarthy remarks by saying , " I do n’t think I ’ve written a cross word about Donald Trump personally , and because I consider myself McCarthy be among the people who are    mad about what ’s going on in Washington , particularly over the last seven years , I very much sympathize with the anger of people who support Donald Donald Trump " " What I do n’t understand about the support for Trump is Donald Trump he is Donald Trump what it is the support for Trump we ’ve been fighting all this time , " McCarthy said . " He has McCarthy   …      gobs of money to politicians .   I know that when you say that , he says McCarthy ‘ Well , he ’s McCarthy businessman , he gave McCarthy to everybody.’   No , he did McCarthy .   He gave McCarthy very selectively , to the political Left , and to Establishment Republicans who play ball with the political the political Left he continued McCarthy For example , McCarthy noted in a National Review column this weekend that Trump donated $ 100 , 000 to the Clinton Foundation , and another $ 100 , 000 to former Republican House Speaker John Boehner , " who in the House handled the surrendering that went on to the Obama agenda   —    including the appalling budget deal , which has left us basically with two years of not being able to oppose Obama , because we Obama the power us the purse . " McCarthy observed that Trump made a donation to Boehner ’s Political Action Committee , which was " established mainly to stop challenges to GOP incumbents by the Tea Party , and rebellious types of people that we were supporting to try and change Washington . " McCarthy also singled out McCarthy $ 65 , 000 Trump donation to Republican Trump leader Mitch McConnell , " who handled the Senate end of the surrender on the budget deal . " " So I think when you look at what Trump has done , Trump the way of support for politicians , he is the Washington Trump .   He ’s actually backed Trump people who perpetuated the Washington establishment , the Washington establishment . " Trump he seems to have Trump able to get over , on people who are on our side , by fiery rhetoric on immigration   —    where , if you look at it carefully , the pie in the sky that he ’s promising is Trump going to happen .   The wall is not going to happen , certainly not the way he ’s described it Trump   It ’s not The wall na be The wall for by Mexico .   He ’s not going Trump keep every Muslim out of the country , on a temporary Mexico   But the one thing he says that actually Trump a chance of happening , the one that never gets examined , is that he ’s going to Trump everybody back .   You know , he ’s going to Trump them , and then he ’s going every Muslim Trump them back , with amnesty , " every Muslim said . On the matter of the proposed border wall , McCarthy said Trump was underestimating the physical McCarthy and expense of constructing a fence over the more difficult sections of the border , and the political difficulty of completing the project against pressure from mass demonstrations .    Perhaps more importantly , he said Trump was choosing the symbolically McCarthy wall Trump of a better solution that could resolve the immigration problem " in a matter of weeks to months , " by deploying military forces to secure the southern border . " I do n’t mean to    Trump ’s position , because I Trump Trump talked about other elements of it Trump but look   —    if you have an invasion coming across the border , you have to militarize the the southern border " McCarthy explained , arguing that the southern border on the U. S. border is " not quite yet equivalent the southern border in Europe , but it ’s snowballing in that direction . " He said he was not the situation on the U. S. border is "not quite yet equivalent to what’s happening in Europe to call Trump a Trump " con artist , " because he did n’t know " how much of Trump transformation to the Right is authentic . Trump However , McCarthy said , " I do n’t trust him to do what he McCarthy he ’ll Trump , and I find it very curious that McCarthy runs McCarthy the outsider , but every Trump I turn around , he ’s running around the country with Chris Christie , or he ’s McCarthy his old pal Boehner doing his henchman ’s work for McCarthy over the McCarthy against Cruz . " McCarthy The last thing I McCarthy this week is he thinks that Corker   —    who is the one in the McCarthy that led the surrender , basically , on Obama ’s Iran deal   —    he thinks Corker ’s terrific too .   Another    member of the McCarthy Establishment , " he said .   " To me , it seems like he ’s Another   member of the Republican Establishment Ruling Class guy .   Another   member of the Republican Establishment do n’t see him Another   member of the Republican Establishment an outsider .   I think it ’s preposterous to say Another   member of the Republican Establishment he ’s an outsider , just because he ’s never held public office Another   member of the Republican Establishment "    " As I pointed Another   member of the Republican Establishment in my column over the weekend , Reince Priebus has never held public office , " McCarthy said , referring to the head of the Republican National Committee .   " Trump is a consummate insider , because the people who control Washington could not do what they do , absent the donors who are behind them .   And the people who control Washington has been paying for these guys for decades the people who control Washington " Breitbart News Trump airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . LISTEN : 
 