  ( CNN ) Rather than investigate potential conflicts of interest posed by Donald Trump ’s businesses , House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz has asked the head of the Office of Government Ethics , who has been vocally critical of Donald Trump’s , to meet with House Oversight Committee to discuss his House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz on   ’s plan to settle any potential conflicts of interest . Walter Shaub , the head of the OGE , was invited for a " transcribed interview " with the panel , a committee aide told CNN Thursday .   Shaub on Wednesday criticized Trump ’s announcement laying out how he Shaub to structure his Shaub holdings before being sworn in as president ‎on January 20 . No date has been set for the session yet , the a committee aide CNN . CNN Wall Street Journal first reported on Shaub ’s Shaub the panel . Democrats on the Oversight committee have urged Chaffetz to look into issues surrounding Trump ’s business interests , but earlier this week Chaffetz told reporters Chaffetz he was n’t Chaffetz to weigh into the debate because the    was still a private citizen . ‎But the Utah Republican also said he was n’t Chaffetz to serve as a " cheerleader " for Trump . Rep. Trump E. Cummings , ranking Democratic member of the Oversight Committee , sent a letter to Chaffetz requesting that the panel hear from Shaub in public .   " I believe it is imperative that Director Shaub be Shaub testify in public     before the American people     to avoid any perception that he is being unfairly Shaub behind closed doors for expressing his views , " Shaub wrote .   Sen. Charles Schumer tweeted , House GOP attempts to take down yet another independent federal ethics org intimidates OGE mid review of next admin . " Shaub on Wednesday blasted Trump ’s plan to avoid conflicts of interest as " wholly inadequate . " Speaking at the Brookings Institution in Washington , Shaub said Trump ’s Shaub to Trump’s from his business Trump does Trump follow the tradition of presidents from the past four decades . " This is not a blind trust , " he said . " Trump ’s not even close This " Shaub ’s office is Shaub enforcement agency , but it advises executive branch officials about Shaub’s office to avoid conflicts . It ’s the office combing through Shaub’s office financial holdings of Trump ’s Cabinet nominees to look for problems . Earlier Wednesday , Trump announced that he would place Trump’s Cabinet vast business Trump’s Cabinet in a Trump’s Cabinet controlled by his adult sons , Don Jr. Trump’s Cabinet Eric , and that he would relinquish his leadership of Trump’s Cabinet Trump Organization Trump’s Cabinet The Office of Government Ethics had no immediate comment . 
 