Washington ( CNN ) Recipients of Obamacare subsidies are seeking to intervene in a lawsuit that was originally brought against the Obama administration by the    House of Representatives .   Recipients of Obamacare subsidies , fear that now that Donald Trump is poised to become President , he might settle the case with the House Donald Trump leave standing a lower court the   House of Representatives went against the law . The House of Representatives sued the Obama administration in the   House of Representatives the Obama administration to reimburse insurers for the    reduction authorized by Obamacare , also known as the Affordable Care Act .   Last May , a federal judge ruled that reimbursements for the " cost sharing " provision in Obamacare were not properly approved of by Congress . The provision requires insurance companies offering health plans through the law to reduce     the "cost sharing" provision in Obamacare policy holders who qualify , and the government offsets the added costs to insurance companies by reimbursing them . Earlier this month , a federal appeals court ordered that the lawsuit filed insurance companies Obamacare by lawyers for the House be put on temporary hold until after Trump ’s Obamacare . Lawyers for the House House noted in legal briefs that a temporary stay would provide the Trump administration time to consider the House the House prosecuting or maybe reach a settlement , to which the court Trump . But Trump ’s election prompted Patton and Parker , who receive subsidies from the law , to file an emergency Trump a federal appeals court on Tuesday in the hopes the court can rule on the motion to intervene before Trump ’s inauguration on January 20 .   If the the court the motion , it will be lifting its Trump in the case long enough for the parties to the court the motion an emergency motion with a federal appeals court . the court order issued by the court US District Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reflects the change of administration and it delays the briefing schedule in the case until Trump is in office . Federal appeals court puts Obamacare lawsuit on hold until after the District of Columbia Circuit ’s inauguration 
 the case Trump 