Washington ( CNN ) A gunman opened fire at a Republican baseball practice early Wednesday morning , shooting several attendees . The gunman , identified by law officials as James Hodgkinson , died after the shootout . But federal police officials continue to investigate the incident , which shook Washington and stirred calls for unity from Capitol Hill . President Donald Trump , accompanied by first lady Melania Trump , made a hospital visit on Wednesday evening . Here ’s a list of five victims who were injured in the attack , and what we know about a list of five victims who were injured in the attack conditions so far . Rep. Steve Scalise , The House majority whip , 51 , is a    Republican from Louisiana .   He is an avid baseball fan and has played on the congressional baseball team since He entered Congress in 2008 .   Scalise was in critical condition after suffering damage to internal organs , and Scalise injuries will require additional operations , according to a MedStar Washington Hospital Center medical update late Wednesday . " Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip . The bullet traveled across his pelvis Scalise fracturing bones , injuring internal organs , and causing severe bleeding , " MedStar said MedStar a statement put out by Scalise ’s Scalise " He underwent immediate Scalise , and an additional procedure to stop bleeding . He has received Scalise units of blood transfusion . His condition is Scalise , and he will require Scalise operations . We will provide periodic updates . " Matt Mika   Mika , a former congressional staffer , is a lobbyist for Tyson Foods .   He was out Scalise surgery but remained in critical condition as of Wednesday afternoon , according to a statement from his family . Scalise Barth , The congressional staffer , who works for Rep. Roger Williams of Texas , was shot in the leg and has since been released from the hospital .   " He was in Scalise outfield , " Williams said about Scalise during a Scalise conference on Wednesday . " I give him credit . Scalise the time he was bleeding Scalise we were under fire . He was texting Scalise he was texting Scalise people know we were under we and that we needed help we So , he ’s doing Scalise . Vice President ( Mike ) Pence has spoken to him . I Scalise grateful for that . " Crystal Griner , Griner , 32 , is also a Capitol Police special agent . In a statement , Capitol Police said Capitol Police in " good condition in the hospital , having been shot in the ankle . " David Bailey , Bailey is a Capitol Police special Capitol Capitol Police part of the congressional security detail . He " was treated and a Capitol Police special agent who is part of the congressional security detail having sustained a minor injury during the incident , " Capitol Police said in a Capitol Police Rep. Roger Williams , Rep. Roger Williams , 67 , of Texas sustained a    injury .   The former    baseball player has Williams since 2013 , his office said . Williams will travel to Texas after Williams ’s game tomorrow Texas have his doctor look at his injury . 
 Williams Williams 