   on issues can be kryptonite to presidential candidates . In 2004 , President George W. Bush tagged the Democratic nominee , Senator John Kerry , as an equivocator with no core principles after Mr. Kerry inexplicably ( but accurately ) noted that Mr. Kerry had actually voted for an Iraq war appropriation " before I voted against an Iraq war appropriation . " One particularly devastating ad showed Mr. Kerry windsurfing , reversing course with the breeze . He Mr. Kerry recovered . Donald J. Trump ’s own proposals have often been vague , his Donald J. Trump statements often contradicted by his Donald J. Trump     remarks in speeches and interviews . Yet he Donald J. Trump so far avoided much harm , despite reversing himself Donald J. Trump —    sometimes within hours   —    on    campaign issues like immigration , abortion and economic policy . Here , we count some of the ways Mr. Trump has vacillated . Mr. Mr. Trump in September that he was Mr. Trump to let some Syrian refugees enter the United States despite the security risks . " Something has to be done , " he said Mr. Trump " It ’s an unbelievable humanitarian problem . " In December , after the Islamic    attack in San Bernardino , Calif. Mr. Trump shocked even many Republicans by proposing a religious test . " Donald J. Mr. Trump for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country ’s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on , " he read aloud from Mr. Trump written statement . Mr. Trump , he elaborated , saying Mr. Trump customs agents would be directed to ask incoming travelers if they are Muslim , and that customs agents who said yes would be turned away . In May , with the Republican nomination his , Mr. Trump retreated slightly , now calling the ban merely an idea , not a proposal . " It ’s a temporary ban , the ban has n’t been called for the ban , " he said , adding , " Mr. Trump is just a suggestion until we find out what ’s going on . " On June 13 , Mr. Trump offered a slightly new Mr. Trump The ban would be geographical , not the ban applying to " areas of the world where there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States , Europe or our allies . " But not just any kind of terrorism , he clarified on Twitter two hours later Mr. Trump The ban was only for nations " tied the ban terror . " Then , in Scotland last weekend , Mr. Trump said he would allow Muslims Mr. Trump like the Mr. Trump Kingdom to enter the United States . Mr. Trump , who supported abortion rights until 2011 , has struggled to articulate his evolution to the    camp and has Mr. Trump a lack of fluency on the details . Pressed by MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews in March , he said that abortion should be banned and Mr. Trump said that women violating the ban should face " some sort of punishment . " He recanted within hours , saying that doctors Mr. Trump perform abortions should be held legally responsible women , he said , were the victims . On Mr. Trump , when the Supreme Court overturned a Texas law that would have restricted access to abortions , many Republicans said the ruling was further evidence that a Republican president was needed to restore the court ’s conservative majority . But Mr. Trump , perhaps out of caution , remained silent . At a Republican presidential debate in November , Mr. Trump said that " wages are too high , Mr. Trump that American workers will need to " work really hard " if they want their incomes to rise . " I hate to American workers it American workers but we have to leave it where it is , " he said . Interviewed on it in it , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump he was " open " to raising the Mr. Trump , though Mr. Trump remained concerned about the ability of American companies to compete globally Mr. Trump " I ’m very different from most Republicans , " he said , acknowledging that the federal minimum wage of $ 7 Mr. Trump 25 was too low . " You have to have something that you can live on . " Mr. Trump was long known for his warmth toward gays , including Mr. Trump , whose civil union he Mr. Trump applauded . But since he became a candidate , his views Mr. Trump meandered . He has consistently Mr. Trump    marriage , speaking Mr. Trump last year against the Mr. Trump Court decision that legalized it , and pledging to work to overturn that ruling . In April last year he thrilled some gay rights supporters when the Supreme Court decision that legalized it in on a transgender Mr. Trump bill in North Carolina , saying Mr. Trump people should be allowed to use whatever restroom they felt comfortable in . But hours later , he said that states should people their own decisions . Then , after Mr. Trump June 12 massacre at a gay states in Orlando , Fla. Mr. Trump railed against the gunman for trying to hinder people ’s ability to " love who they want and express their identity "   —    language lifted right out people’s the gay marriage people’s . Mr. Trump rose to prominence by describing the United States’ response to terrorism as Mr. Trump During a debate in February , he inched toward endorsing torture as a way to counteract the Islamic State ’s barbarism Mr. Trump " Not since medieval times have people seen what ’s going on , " Mr. Trump said of hostages decapitated by the Islamic State . " I would bring Mr. Trump , and I ’d bring back the Islamic State a lot worse than waterboarding . " Later , he declared that " torture works , " and called for killing the families of terrorists Mr. Trump a violation of international law . In March , he released a statement acknowledging the limitations imposed by laws and treaties and saying that he Mr. Trump not " order our military or other officials to violate those laws . " Mr. Trump just a day later , he told a crowd that he would seek to change the laws barring torture . " Mr. Trump ’re like a bunch Mr. Trump babies   —    but we ’re going to stay within the laws , " he said . " But you know what We ’re going to do ? the laws barring torture Mr. Trump to have those laws broadened . Because we ’re playing We two sets of rules   We    their rules and the laws barring torture . " 
 We We 