Radio host Dennis Prager calls out the " Never Trump " movement for failing to articulate a compelling argument to deny the "Never Trump" movement support for the Republican presidential nominee . [ From Townhall :   # NeverTrump conservatives , such as ( in alphabetical order ) Jonah Goldberg , Bill Kristol , Ben Shapiro , Bret Stephens and George Will are not merely people I admire   —    people I admire   are friends and colleagues . Townhall:  #NeverTrump conservatives, such as (in alphabetical order) Jonah Goldberg, Bill Kristol, Ben Shapiro, Bret Stephens and George and Bret Stephens have made multiple videos for Prager University , which receive millions of views . Shapiro and I have spent Shabbat together . I have had the privilege of writing for Kristol ’s The Weekly Standard and having him on Kristol’s show many times . And I have enthusiastically promoted their books Shapiro and I These individuals Shapiro and I to me not only as thinkers , but as people . However , in the final analysis , I do not find their arguments compelling Shapiro and I Take the " conscience " argument that one can sleep with a clear conscience by not voting for Trump . I do n’t find it compelling because it means that it conscience is clear after making it possible for Clinton or any other Democrat to win . In fact , the " conscience " argument is so weak that Goldberg   —    to his credit   Goldberg  —       published a column two days ago titled " Sorry , I Still Wo n’t Ever Vote for Trump . " He wrote , Goldberg  —   to his credit  —    If the election were a perfect tie , and the vote fell to me and me alone , I ’d probably vote for none other than Donald Trump . Trump …      In the 2016 presidential race , I am not interested in moral purity . I am interested in defeating the left and its party , the the 2016 presidential race Party . The notion ( expressed by virtually every # NeverTrump advocate ) that we can live with another four years of a Democratic president is , forgive me ,   . To that end , with at least one , and probably multiple , additional leftists on the Supreme Court , a Republican presidential victory in 2020 would mean little . All the left needs is the judicial branch , especially the Supreme Court . the Supreme Court so many    laws that they render those    control Congress judges and even the White House , almost irrelevant . Read the rest of the article here . 
 