  ( CNN ) Republicans are friendly to business and suspicious of regulations .   Republicans want minimal government as a matter of principle .   But there is another group that wants to shrink government : professional criminals who hate cops . another group that wants to shrink government: professional criminals who hate cops want no interference when another group that wants to shrink government: professional criminals who hate cops hurt people .    President Trump ’s recent executive order , titled " Reducing Regulation and Controlling Regulatory Cost , " speaks the language of the principled libertarians , but President Trump beneficiaries are likely to be the thugs . The order prohibits any agency from issuing any new regulation unless The order also repeals two regulations that cost as much as the new one .   " Costs " mean the cost of complying with the regulation .   The harms that were the reason for the regulation do n’t count at all . David Dana and Michael Barsa observe the implications of Trump ’s order .   The Department of Interior created a set of new regulations in response to the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster , in which BP spilled nearly 5 million barrels of oil into the Gulf of Mexico .   It The Department of Interior the largest marine oil spill in history , and , Dana and Barsa wrote , it Dana and Barsa " nearly $ 9 billion for lost fisheries and $ 23 billion for lost tourism , not to mention the catastrophic effects on marine life and birds . Yet under the president ’s order , the only costs that matter are those to the oil companies . Costs to the public and to the environment are completely ignored . "   The regulations are n’t cheap the cost to the industry has been estimated at hundreds of millions .   But that ’s peanuts compared to the costs of another spill . Trump is a big fan of Ayn Rand .   Like her Trump hero John Galt in " Atlas Shrugged , " he John Galt to free business from the heavy hand of government .   But this is an oddly distorted libertarianism , in which Rand ’s villains masquerade as her Trump : those who talk most of liberty are the looters and moochers . Conservatives worry about " regulatory capture " : the danger that regulators will abandon the public interest at the behest of regulated industries , keeping prices high and stifling competition .   The solution is to get rid of regulation : the state should butt out and let the market operate .   There ’s no doubt that capture has sometimes happened .   A notorious example is the Civil Aeronautics Board : after it the Civil Aeronautics Board abolished in 1985 , airline competition intensified and prices plunged . There is , however , another way in which unworthy special interests can seize control of government .   They unworthy special interests work to cripple regulation , so that they unworthy special interests hurt and defraud people .   Libertarian rhetoric has turned out to be a rich resource for them unworthy special interests    Barack Obama is actually a better libertarian than Trump .   He Barack Obama years teaching at the University of Chicago , where the idea of regulatory capture was developed .   That had an impact : when he Barack Obama President , he Barack Obama ( following a principle laid down by Ronald Reagan ! ) that any new regulations survive rigorous    analysis .   That immunizes regulations from capture , and makes sure that regulators take account of just what worries Trump , the cost to businesses .   The overall net value     benefits minus costs     of Obama ’s regulations was upward of $ 100 billion . Trump Trump on the other hand , has replaced    analysis with cost analysis .   Benefits are ignored .   This is n’t even   .   The Deepwater Horizon oil spill destroyed hundreds of    businesses .   On the the other hand the businesses that were crushed were small and had nothing like BP ’s political connections . There ’s room for reasonable disagreement with Obama ’s regulations .   The calculation of both costs and benefits inevitably involves some guesswork .   The cumulative effect of regulation can hamper businesses .   The big difference between Trump and the standard conservatives’ critique of Obama is that Obama ’s executive Trump , as a matter of principle , that benefits do n’t matter . Consumer fraud , tainted food , pollution , unsafe airplanes and trains , epidemic disease all have to be put up with , if stopping them would increase the Consumer fraud, tainted food, pollution, unsafe airplanes and trains of regulation . Trump ’s new " Trump reforms " show a persistent pattern .   One targets a rule that requires retirement advisers to put clients’ interests ahead of their own .   clients’ interests of interest in retirement advice , for example steering clients into products with higher fees and lower returns , costs American families an estimated $ 17 billion a year .   You can understand why some parts of the financial industry hated the rule .   That $ 17 billion was going into someone ’s pocket , and that someone finds libertarian rhetoric right handy .    The Libertarian Party , which got more than 4 million votes in the last presidential election , is enthusiastic about the order .   It should n’t be .   The order is a the order of libertarianism , which holds that people should do what they want as long as people do n’t hurt anyone people .    Freeing businesses to hurt people is not libertarian .   The libertarians     at least , the ones who do n’t see through Trump     are being played .   If the crippling of the state allows economic behemoths to do whatever they like to others , economic behemoths what libertarianism licenses , in the garb of liberty , is the creation of a new aristocracy , entitled to hurt the commoners .   This is just a different kind of mooching and looting .    It is a new road to serfdom .   It reinforces the prejudices of It on the left who repudiate capitalism .   The libertarians who embrace it , thinking that they are thereby promoting freedom The libertarians who embrace it are useful idiots , like the idealistic leftists of the 1930s whose hatred of poverty and racism led them to embrace Stalin . The libertarians who embrace it Galt is a sap . 
 