’   ’ ’    Democrats spent four days trashing GOP presidential nominee    Donald Trump at Democrats convention , but it seems that Donald Trump has    taken special issue with one speaker in particular : billionaire    entrepreneur and former New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg . ’ "    After Mike Bloomberg questioned Donald Trump ’s business acumen and    called Donald Trump a con man during   Donald Trump started referring to Mike Bloomberg as   reusing a moniker once    reserved for . " ’    Donald Trump also made a clear reference to Bloomberg Mike Bloomberg a : " ’ ’    Mike Bloomberg Mike Bloomberg a Democrat . Nor is he running Mike Bloomberg office . But he    Mike Bloomberg the threat of physical violence and a fun nickname because    someone    Bloomberg offending Mike Bloomberg is especially offensive to Donald Trump . ’ "    Any New Yorker can tell you why . It ’s because Trump Donald Trump spent    decades ignoring one of the cardinal rules of being publicly rich    in this town : If you must flaunt your money , then you must also    give it    in    sums . " "    If you    n’t , then you ’ll spend your life feeling like an    outsider , building resentment against those who should be your    set . And that ’s exactly what Trump has done . " "    While America has spent decades seeing Trump as a Trump    entrepreneur with a lux lifestyle , New York ’s elite have spent    the same    of time seeing him very differently Trump —    as a       sideshow with    regard for social norms . " "    No , this is n’t Edith Wharton ’s New York City , but there are still    rules .    one , if you want to attend everyone ’s fancy charity    parties , then you ’ve got to make a donation . If you do n’t make    the donation , a donation for everyone to stare daggers at you ,    to worry about your financial situation , to judge you . " ’    If you don’’t    , then eventually people will invite you to    fewer events . They’’ll consider you especially rude for going to    the ones that you have been invited to out of politeness . That is    when you are    rejected by people who , ideally , since you’’re    a " billionaire , too , " should be your peers . ’ "    And that ’s when the gauche things you do as a rich person are    suddenly inexcusable . People may see you at parties , but they do    not People see you . They see a clown People a joke , a fraud . " "    This is n’t something that started just this year , when Trump    claimed to have donated $ 1 million to a veterans organization and    was . He    " ’ Trump    Trump has a    Trump    of pledging    make donations    and then reneging in this town , and in quiet whispers anyone    on Wall Street    tell you that . ’ "    The media has looked into Trump ’s charity history Trump    too .   (    added ) : " ’   ’ "    So enter Bloomberg , a man whose name is uttered with the utmost    respect among New York City ’s elite . He was the    city ’s mayor New York City’s ’s dedicated his vast fortune to He among other He causes . " "    Whether or not everyone agrees with his politics , his generosity    is He . This He a man who writes $ 100 million checks    for Bill and Melinda Gates’ charitable work while doing his own .    This is a Melinda Gates’ who has given away   to those less fortunate . " ’    This is in sharp contrast to Trump , who , according to    The Washington Post , has given no money to his own    foundation since 2008 . ’ ’    Over the years , Trump has yearned for Bloomberg’ ’s acceptance as    he has been for the acceptance    Trump in Bloomberg’ ’s cohort .    Again , Bloomberg’’s himself ,    a fellow Trump , Trump of    their world . Back when Bloomberg was considering a run for    president himself ,   " ’ ’   ’ "    Trump was never to be friends with the likes of Michael    Bloomberg . That fact was stunningly clear to Bloomberg Yorkers as early    as 1990 , when Spy Magazine   —    a now defunct publication started by    a captain of New York society , Graydon Carter , now Vanity Fair    editor   —    played a nasty trick on a bunch of New York City ’s    wealthiest . " "    To find out how many of the city ’s rich actually acted quite    New York City Spy sent a bunch of checks    very small amounts   —    $ 1 . 11 ,    $ 2 , $ 0 . 16   —    to dozens of people from Cher to author Kurt    Vonnegut , from media mogul Rupert Murdoch to      billionaire Henry Kravis . " ’    Carter and his partner ,   ’ ’   ’ ’   Carter ’ ’   ’ "    This understanding of Trump ’s relationship with those in his    social class should also provide some clarity Trump to why Wall    Street   to Trump ’s campaign . You    see , it Trump this : He never gave to their charity cases . " "    So they ’re not giving to his . " ’Democrats spent their days trashing GOP . He ’ 
 