Suddenly the First Amendment means something to our Media Overlords . Now that Donald Trump has taken to trolling the corrupt media with a promise to further open up libel laws against the corrupt media , the DC Media is back to treating the First Amendment as something inviolable and sacrosanct . As you read this , keep in mind that Trump is Donald Trump the b*lls of the same media that has spent the last two years crusading to violate your First Amendment religious protections :   One of the things I ’m gon na do , and this is only gon na make it tougher for me , and I ’ve never said this before , but one of the things I ’m gon na do if I win    …      is I ’m gon na open up our libel laws so when they write our libel laws negative and horrible and false articles , we can sue them and our libel laws lots of money . We ’re gon na open up those libel our libel laws that when the New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace , or when the Washington Post    …      writes a hit piece , we can sue them We win money      instead of having no chance of winning because they ’re totally protected      Naturally , the response from these elite ,    hypocrites was swift and sanctimonious . Do n’t you dare restrict my First Amendment right . Do n’t you dare make me bake a    cake . Never forget that these are the same    who believe the government has the power to force you to participate in the sacramentalization of sin to risk your eternal soul by baking a    cake or participating in a    wedding by doing the flower arrangements . Using the    of gay rights to persecute Christians   —    to violate * our * First Amendment protections , has been a goal of the DC Media for decades . But it has just been in the last few years that the media has openly the DC Media support of government oppression the DC Media force Christians into servitude . You will bake a cake . You will arrange flowers . Or you will lose everything , Godtard . Better still , put the Thought Criminal in prison . Trump ’s just messing with the media . Libel laws the DC Media . But how does that little ball of fear taste ? How does the boot of the government on your neck feel ? Imagine living in a world where the government can force you violate the government . Suck on that , DC Media . On behalf of the Gay Mafia , you ’re the ones who cracked open the Pandora ’s Box of the First Amendment . Your rules . Not mine . Cry me a river .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                  
 