  ( CNN ) The House Russia investigation is not just back on track , The House Russia investigation ’s chugging on     with an    plan to call    witnesses from the campaign of President Donald Trump , new access to intelligence documents and plans to work longer hours in Washington .   " We ’re working in a bipartisan manner , We ’re going to be thorough , professional and meticulous , " House Russia investigation leader Mike Conaway told CNN on Wednesday . House Russia investigation leader Mike Conaway added that House Russia investigation leader Mike Conaway is in discussions to get access to the    intelligence typically reserved for the " Gang of Eight " in Congress , but House Russia investigation leader Mike Conaway declined to elaborate . House Russia investigation leader Mike Conaway and Rep. Adam Schiff , the lead Democrat on the investigation , met and agreed on a likely witness schedule , culled from a witness list that investigators say includes    dozen names . House Russia investigation leader Mike Conaway told House intelligence committee members Tuesday that House intelligence committee members should plan on spending more time in Washington as the investigation gears up . It ’s a complete reversal from just a few weeks ago , when the the investigation House life support     the victim of a partisan showdown sparked by House Intelligence Chairman Devin House trip to the White House which ended in his recusal from the investigation House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes’ a the investigation probe . Nunes’ recusal House House Russia investigators House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes’ Wednesday , House Russia renewed access to intelligence documents that , they said , were denied to House Russia investigators during the three weeks that House Russia investigators Nunes’ trip to the White House House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes’ The " the White House as House members are calling the reinvigorated House investigation     started before lawmakers House from their recess , with a request from Conaway lawmakers House Democrats cool their barrage of House in public that stemmed House Democrats Nunes’ maneuver with the White House . Sources familiar with Conaway ’s request said he wanted to get Conaway footing while taking Conaway the    Russia Conaway . Since then , Democrats and Republicans have said they want that informal détente to hold . Democrats and Republicans You got ta go into it with the impression that it will hold , otherwise than we ’re it our time , " said Rep. Tom Rooney we a Florida Republican who is helping Conaway lead the investigation , along with Rep. Trey Gowdy . " I think that both Adam ( Schiff ) and Mike ( Conaway ) are sincere in the fact that they want to get to the bottom of Adam (Schiff) and Mike (Conaway) issues and hopefully we get there and hopefully it ’s not Adam (Schiff) and Mike (Conaway) in any way by something that does n’t have anything to do with the investigation . " Rep. Denny Heck , the investigation Democrat on the investigation said that Democrats agreed on rescheduled the the investigation with FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers , and Republicans agreed to reschedule the public hearing with former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , former CIA Director Sally Yates Senate hearing , " We also are now having made available to us documents that were not heretofore available to us before , " Heck said . " So every indication is that we are now leaning into this . And We think ( Conaway ) ought to be We the space to do the right thing " Republicans and Democrats were We in their praise of Conaway Wednesday     a far cry from four weeks ago , when Schiff was calling on his Republican counterpart to step aside from the Russia probe Republicans " There Conaway) no finer , honest , more sincere person that I know up here , than Schiff guy , " Rooney said of Conaway . " You ca n’t BS people on either side of the aisle when you are that way . " RELATED : Congress returns with Schiff action in Conaway) investigation 
 Russia 