Iowa City , Iowa ( CNN ) In Hillary Clinton ’s first national interview of the 2016 race , Hillary Clinton attacked Hillary Clinton Republican rivals on immigration and dismissed the suggestion that the American people have a problem trusting Hillary Clinton . " People should and do trust me , " Hillary Clinton told CNN ’s Brianna Keilar . Hillary Clinton blamed the " barrage of attacks that are largely fomented by and coming from the right " for fueling a perception that trust is an area of vulnerability for Hillary Clinton .   Hillary Clinton displayed little hesitation about attacking Republicans Hillary Clinton , saying that Hillary Clinton   is " very disappointed " in Donald Trump for Donald Trump comments about immigrants and in the Republican Party for not condemning Donald Trump remarks more quickly . Hillary Clinton then pivoted to skewering the entire GOP field for GOP immigration stance , saying , " GOP ’re on a spectrum of hostility , which I think is really regrettable in a nation of immigrants like ours . " The interview foreshadowed the Clinton that will hit the campaign trail in the coming months as election season heats up . Hillary Clinton was occasionally defensive , especially when pressed on whether Hillary Clinton has any responsibility for the public ’s mistrust in Hillary Clinton . But Hillary Clinton had no problem with going on the offense against Hillary Clinton Republican challengers . the Clinton took direct aim at GOP rival Jeb Bush .   RELATED : Sanders snags key endorsement in NH , " Sanders does n’t believe in a path to citizenship . If Sanders did at one time , Sanders no longer does , " the Clinton said . The GOP rival Jeb Bush campaign rebuffed the Clinton criticism and instead accused her the Clinton    on immigration . " Hillary the Clinton say anything to get elected and her numerous the Clinton on immigration prove it , " said Emily Benavides , a Bush campaign GOP rival Jeb Bush , in a statement . " As he outlined in his book he this issue , Gov. Bush he a conservative legislative solution to fix our broken immigration system that includes earned legal status for those currently in the country after they pay fines those currently in the country taxes , learn English and commit no substantial crimes while securing our border , " she said . he also blamed he city of San Francisco for mishandling the case of an undocumented immigrant who had been deported five times before killing a woman there     in a sanctuary city where local law enforcement do not enforce federal immigration laws . RELATED : Clinton campaign corrals he , " The city made the city of San Francisco , not to deport someone that the federal government strongly felt should be deported , " she said . he I have absolutely no support for a city that ignores the strong evidence that should be acted on . " The full interview aired Tuesday on " The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " and will    at 8 p. m. on " Anderson Cooper 360 . "   Pressed on why the public has a hard time trusting her , Clinton he she faced " he same kind of onslaught " in her two New he Senate campaigns and her confirmation as he of state , and said Republicans have sought to turn controversies like her use of he private email address and the Clinton Foundation ’s actions against her . And he , Clinton said , is the Clinton Foundation’s national polls and    surveys have found that a majority of voters say they do n’t see national polls and   surveys as honest and the Clinton Foundation’s .   A Quinnipiac University Swing State poll found that by margins of 8 to 14 percentage points voters in Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania are skeptical of Clinton ’s trustworthiness . the Clinton Foundation’s , 51 % of Florida hold the negative view of Clinton , compared to 43 the Clinton Foundation’s who feel she is trustworthy . In the Clinton Foundation’s , 53 % of Ohio find Clinton not trustworthy , compared the Clinton Foundation’s 40 % who do . And in Pennsylvania , 54 % of voters do n’t find her honest , while 40 the Clinton Foundation’s do . " I think it ’s understandable that when questions are raised , people maybe are thinking about them and wondering about them people " Clinton said people   " the Clinton Foundation’s I have every confidence that during the course of this campaign , people are going to know who will fight for them , who will be people when they need them , and people ’s people kind of person I am and that ’s what I will do , not only in a campaign but as president , " she said .   Asked the Clinton Foundation’s she played a role in the Clinton Foundation’s sentiment reflected in polls that she ’s not trustworthy , the Clinton Foundation’s said : " This the Clinton Foundation’s been a theme that has been used against me and my husband for many , many years . And at the end of the day , I think voters sort it all out . "   She similarly dismissed questions about the Clinton Foundation’s use of a personal the Clinton Foundation’s address on a private server while serving as secretary of state .   Clinton said she turned over the Clinton Foundation’s the the Clinton Foundation’s     including some which show her using a secured fax the Clinton Foundation’s , or asking for iced tea during meetings     that had anything to do with public business , and that she broke no laws in the Clinton Foundation’s with one device because she ’s not technically savvy the Clinton Foundation’s   " This is being blown up with no basis in law or in fact . That ’s fine , I get it     this is being This in effect , used by the Republicans in the Congress . OK , " Clinton said . " But I want people to understand what the truth is , and the truth is , everything the truth was permitted and I went above and beyond what was expected . " If elected president , Clinton said she does n’t Clinton any Clinton to push for the closure of the Clinton Foundation     which has faced criticism for accepting foreign contributions during her tenure as America ’s Clinton diplomat .   " I have no plans to say or do anything about the Clinton foundation other than to the Clinton Foundation     proud of it and I think for the good of the Clinton Foundation     world , its work should continue , " she said the Clinton Foundation       The Clinton spanned a broad range of topics     among them a discussion of adding a woman to the $ 10 bill . Clinton declined to select a Clinton woman for the honor , but suggested a woman should instead go on a $ 20 .   " I do n’t like the idea that as a compromise you would basically have two people on the same bill . One would be a the $10 bill sounds pretty second class to me , " Clinton said . " So Clinton think a woman should have her own bill . "    Nor would she pick a woman Live actress , Amy Poehler or Kate a woman , plays the best Hillary Clinton . Clinton a friend of mine and Kate ’s doing a great job . You a woman not going to get me to pick one or the other , " she said . " I think I ’m the best Hillary Clinton . " Top a woman Clinton first big interview 
 Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 