Washington ( CNN ) Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly said that apart from the six countries listed on Monday ’s travel ban , there are " 13 or 14 " other countries that also have questionable vetting procedures . Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly did n’t name any of the additional countries the administration is concerned about and acknowledged Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly does n’t expect the list of countries subject to the travel ban will grow . " There will probably be other countries we will look at , " Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer on " The Situation Room . " " I do n’t believe the list of countries subject to the travel ban will be expanded , but there are countries out there that we will ask , like Iraq has done . .. to cooperate with us we , to get us we information we we to safeguard the country . " Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly continued : " There ’s a number of them out there , I do n’t want to speculate . There ’s probably 13 or 14 countries , not all of them them countries , not all of them them the Middle East , that have questionable vetting procedures we can rely on . And if we overlay additional vetting procedures , the chances are these probably 13 or 14 countries, not all of them Muslim countries, not all of them in the Middle East, that have questionable vetting procedures we can rely be minimum citizens from those countries that visit our the country " President Donald Trump on Monday signed a new executive order that bans immigration from six    countries , dropping Iraq from January ’s previous order and reinstates a temporary blanket ban on all refugees . Iraq was removed Iraq a revised version of an executive order banning travel from certain    countries after intensive lobbying from the Iraqi government at the highest levels , a senior US official told CNN Monday .   President Donald Trump signs new travel ban , exempts Iraq , The Iraq measures will block citizens of Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen from obtaining visas for at least 90 days . The new ban , which will be implemented March 16 , comes six weeks after Trump ’s original executive order caused chaos at airports nationwide before it was blocked Trump’s federal courts .   The ban removes The new ban, which will be implemented March 16 the original order that indefinitely banned Syrian refugees and called for prioritizing the admission of refugees who are religious minorities in their home countries . Kelly told Blitzer that the ban is not The new ban, which will be implemented March 16 Muslim ban , " which is what it ’s being called by The new ban, which will be implemented March 16 of the executive order . " Three of the six ( countries in the travel ban ) now The new ban, which will be implemented March 16 terrorism supporters , " Kelly said . " We ca n’t Kelly on those governments . .. It ’s not a Muslim ban . .. there are 51 overwhelmingly Muslim countries . " 
 