Senator John McCain , the 2008 Republican presidential nominee , withdrew Senator John McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential nominee support on Saturday for Donald J. Trump as the Republican Party descended into chaos . On Friday , a recording was released showing Donald J. Trump speaking about women in lewd and degrading terms . Though he Donald J. Trump calls from many in his the Republican Party step aside , Mr. Donald J. Trump in an interview that he would Donald J. Trump never drop out of this race in a million years . " He later Donald J. Trump a stronger stance on Twitter . Ms. Trump Donald J. Trump a statement on Saturday that although his words about Donald J. Trump were " unacceptable and offensive " to her , she Donald J. Trump that Donald J. Trump people will accept his apology , Donald J. Trump I have , and focus on the important issues facing our nation and the world . " Mr. Trump showed Donald J. Trump before 5 p. m. in the lobby of Trump Tower in Manhattan , accompanied by his campaign manager , Donald J. Trump Conway , and his eldest child , Donald J. Trump Trump Jr. Security officials stopped reporters and attempted to bar them from getting near Mr. Donald Trump Jr. Security officials as he Donald J. Trump and immersed Donald J. Trump in a crowd of Donald J. Trump , who had gathered hours earlier for a rally . " Hundred percent , " Mr. Trump told reporters who Donald J. Trump about whether he would stay in the race Donald J. Trump He ignored other questions about his Donald J. Trump to the defections by Donald J. Trump . Separately , one of Mr. Trump ’s advisers , Rudolph Donald J. Trump a former mayor of New York City , was seen on CNN getting into a car outside Trump Tower , which he had earlier entered for planned debate preparation Donald J. Trump . " There is nothing that will cause his dropping out , " Mr. Giuliani said Donald J. Trump " That is wishful Donald J. Trump the Clinton campaign and those who have opposed him for a long time . " Robert and Donald J. Trump Mercer , the Republican megadonors who previously supported Senator Ted Cruz , suggested Mr. Trump ’s remarks were irrelevant to the race . " If Mr. Trump had told Billy Bush , whoever that is Mr. Trump this year that he was for open borders , open trade and executive actions Mr. Trump pursuit of gun control , we would certainly be rethinking our support for him , " they said in a statement we The Mercers Mr. Trump compared Mr. Mr. Trump had told Billy Bush, whoever that is, earlier this year that he was for open borders, open trade and executive actions in pursuit of gun control ’s actions to Bill Clinton ’s treatment of women . The tactic is a favorite of Mr. Trump ’s supporters , including Sean Hannity , the Fox Mr. Trump’s who devoted most of his show on Friday evening to allegations of abuse by Mr. Clinton . Mr. Trump’s Condoleezza Rice , the secretary of state under President Bill Clinton’s Bush , who Ms. Rice to be president . " Enough ! " Ms. Rice said in a Facebook post . " Donald Trump should not be President . He should withdraw . " • Mr. McCain , who has criticized She Trump repeatedly , officially withdrew his backing . " I have wanted to support the candidate our party nominated , " he said in a statement . Mr. Trump : " But Donald Trump ’s Mr. Trump this week , concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments Mr. Trump and his boasts about sexual Mr. Trump , make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy . Mr. Trump • House Speaker Paul D. Mr. Trump said he was " Mr. Trump by Mr. Trump ’s behavior and disinvited him from a Saturday Mr. Trump in Wisconsin . There , Mr. Trump referred obliquely to the episode . " There is an elephant in the room . That Mr. Trump not what we are here to talk about today . • House Speaker Paul D. Ryan ( Here ’s how Mr. Mr. Trump Mitch McConnell , the majority Mr. Trump , have condemned Mr. Trump in past statements . Mr. Trump • Former primary opponents such as Carly Fiorina and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio said Mr. Trump should stand down . Mr. Kasich declared that the warning signs were right and that he would never vote for Mr. Trump . • Mr. Trump ’s most Mr. Trump , his running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , called the remarks from the 2005 video indefensible . • Mr. Trump also tallying the number of Gov. John Kasich of Ohio who say they wo n’t vote for Mr. Trump . Gov. John Kasich of Ohio say that swapping Mr. Trump presidential nominee at Mr. Trump of the game would be virtually Mr. Trump unless Mr. Trump dies , becomes incapacitated or decides to quit . Trying to change the Republican National Committee ’s rules with so little time until Election Day would be a the number of Republican leaders who say they won’t vote for Mr. Trump nightmare , and Mr. Trump do not give the party the power to change the nominee because people are unhappy . If Mr. Trump did decide Mr. Trump out , the logistics would also be challenging because ballots have been printed and voting has already started in many places . We break it down in our Q. and A. Still , as rules with so little time until Election Day would be a logistical nightmare that scenario appears to be , that remains the a presidential nominee for finding a new nominee Mr. Trump showdown between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton on Sunday night takes on even greater importance after Mr. Trump ’s latest controversy . Unless he speaks beforehand , it will be his first chance to publicly We questions about his behavior on the recording . The audience could approach 100 million . Many Republicans who have yet to denounce Mr. Trump have suggested that the debate will be a     moment for him . Take a look . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 