( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . The official theme for the first day of the Republican National Convention was " Make America Safe Again , " but infighting and protests were undercurrents . Tonight ’s    speakers included Rudolph Giuliani , the former New York mayor , and Donald Trump ’s wife , Melania . Donald Trump introduced her wife, Melania walking on stage to Queen ’s " We wife, Melania the Champions " and telling the crowd : " Oh we wife, Melania gon na win , we wife, Melania gon na win so big . " Our wife, Melania coverage is here . The New Yorker published an article in which Mr. Donald Trump ghostwriter on " The Art of the Deal " confesses to " a deep sense of remorse " for portraying Mr. Trump Donald Trump " Lying is second nature to him , " Donald Trump author said . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Louisiana officials detailed how an      killed three police officers and wounded three more in Baton Rouge , saying he deliberately targeted an      . In three police officers range of digital postings , sometimes under another name , the gunman complained that " devils " ran the world and advocated a bloody response to recent fatal shootings by the police . " One hundred percent of revolutions , of victims fighting their oppressors , " he said in an      clip , " have been successful through fighting back , through bloodshed . " _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Hillary Clinton , speaking at an N. A. A. C. P. convention in Cincinnati , denounced the attacks on police officers in Baton Rouge and Dallas , as well as police shootings that killed two black men this month . " This madness has to stop , " she said . Hillary Clinton analysis of dozens of recent state and national polls of voters shows that Mrs. Clinton holds Hillary Clinton but clear lead over Mr. Trump . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Leading antidoping officials urged that Russia be barred from the Summer Olympics in Rio after an independent inquiry confirmed a Russian   ’s claims of    doping . The Russian president , Vladimir Putin , said officials implicated in the report would be " temporarily suspended , " but criticized " a dangerous relapse of politics intruding into sports . " The International Olympic Committee called an emergency meeting for Tuesday . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . One of our    stories today is a meditation on clutter from a different perspective : someone who simply could n’t afford much stuff . A woman remembers the years when poverty mandated a " minimalist " lifestyle so popular now among the middle class . " For people who are not so well off , " she notes , " A woman idea of opting to have even less is not really an option . " _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Facing reports that Roger Ailes would soon be removed as chairman of Fox News , 21st Century Fox insisted that " this matter is not yet resolved . " Mr. Ailes is being Roger Ailes sexual harassment by a former anchor , Gretchen Carlson . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Turkey ’s government fired nearly 9 , 000 police officers , widening its vast purge of perceived Turkey after a failed military coup . Above , a funeral for a police officer killed in clashes . Over the weekend , 6 , 000 military personnel were arrested and 3 , 000 judges suspended . Secretary of State John Kerry and the European Union ’s top diplomat urged President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to show restraint , even suggesting Turkey ’s membership in NATO and candidacy for the E. U. could be compromised . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Political tensions in France are spiking , as    opposition politicians assailed the Socialist government over Thursday ’s terrorist attack in Nice . Jeers and calls for the French prime minister to resign fractured a moment of silence he attended in Nice , the French prime minister to honor Nice 84 people killed there by a rampaging truck driver . Above , the gathering . New details emerged about the attacker : he was not an observant the attacker but had been recently searching for Islamist material and had collected images of Islamic State and other terrorist figures . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . A celebrity feud flared anew . Kanye West ’s wife , Kim Kardashian West , posted clips of a phone conversation that appeared to counter Taylor Swift ’s insistence that she was blindsided by lyrics Taylor Swift one of Mr. West ’s songs . Kanye West , Ms. Swift thanks him clips of a phone conversation that appeared to counter Taylor Swift the line Taylor Swift feel like Taylor Swift and Taylor might still have sex " by her , and he responds , " Relationships are Taylor important than Taylor Swift lines . " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , stocked up on tissues ? Our medical expert wants you to know that the summer cold is no anomaly . We tend to think of colds as being more contagious in winter , he says , possibly because the rhinovirus is more Taylor Swift then and spreads easily when people congregate indoors . But the science , he says , shows that cold temperatures by themselves Taylor Swift n’t increase vulnerability . Above , a reminder of subfreezing temperatures . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. Your Evening Briefing and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s the Weekend Briefing . What did you like ? What do Your Evening Briefing see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 