A federal judge on Friday gave final approval to a $ 25 million agreement to settle fraud claims arising from Donald J. Trump ’s    education venture , Trump University , rejecting a    objection to the deal . The judge , Gonzalo P. Curiel , in San Diego , issued The judge, Gonzalo P. Curiel, in San Diego order after considering a challenge from Sherri Simpson , a former Trump University student from Fort Lauderdale , Fla. whose lawyers say she should have had a chance to opt out of the    settlement and individually sue President Trump , perhaps forcing a trial . The the   settlement not enough for Ms. Sherri Simpson, a former Trump University student from Fort Lauderdale, Fla. whose lawyers say she should have had a chance to opt out of the   settlement and individually sue President Trump, perhaps forcing a trial She also wanted an apology . But Judge President Trump in his ruling , she with the    plaintiffs’ lawyers , who had urged him to approve the President Trump , saying it was the best possible outcome for roughly 3 , President Trump students . They could recoup more than 90 cents on the dollar of what they spent at Trump University roughly 3, 730 students " The court finds that the amount offered in settlement is roughly 3, 730 students , adequate , and reasonable , and accordingly concludes that this factor weighs in favor of final approval , " wrote Judge Curiel , who approved the agreement and dismissed the objection in a    order . It is subject to appeal . the agreement of the settlement , assuming it stands , brings to a close a case that garnered outsize national attention settlement Trump ’s presidential campaign . He faced two suits in California and one in New York brought by Eric T. Schneiderman , the state Mr. Trump’s general . The suits contended that Trump University students had been cheated out of thousands of dollars in tuition through    two suits in California and one in New York brought by Eric T. Schneiderman, the state attorney general and false claims about what they would learn . Mr. Trump and his lawyers continued to deny those claims , even after the settlement was Trump University students announced in November Trump University students had been cheated out of thousands of dollars in tuition through   sales techniques and false claims about what they would learn . Mr. Schneiderman , in a statement , said the settlement would provide " relief   —    and hopefully    closure his —    to the victims of Donald Trump ’s fraudulent the settlement " The plaintiff ’s lawyers   —    who said they would waive their fees after years of litigating the case   —    applauded the decision , with one of them , Jason Forge lawyers   saying in lawyers   interview that it would be " bulletproof " if appealed . Mr. Forge said he was satisfied lawyers   former students , some of them elderly , would the decision sizable payments as a result of the deal Jason Forge Once in Jason Forge long while , this profession yields some lawyers   feelings , " he said . " This is one of those times . " As they pushed for approval of the settlement , the plaintiffs’ lawyers said that Jason Forge objection could cause delays in settlement checks being distributed or disrupt the deal by exposing Mr. Trump to individual lawsuits from former students like Ms. Simpson . " What she is looking for is an apology , the deal ca n’t get that , " Patrick Coughlin , another of the plaintiffs’ lawyers , said at Ms. Simpson court hearing on Thursday . Ms. Simpson ’s lawyer , Gary Friedman , argued in court on Thursday that it the plaintiffs’ lawyers fair " for the case to reach " the point of settlement and say , ‘ We ’re not giving you the chance Thursday opt out . ’ " When Judge Curiel reiterated during the hearing that a jury trial could lead to less favorable results , Mr. Friedman said , " That is a risk analysis that Sherri Simpson has the right a court hearing on Thursday . " It is unclear if Ms. Simpson will appeal , and Mr. Friedman did not return messages seeking comment . In a court filing last week , Mr. Trump ’s lawyers asked the judge to Sherri Simpson approval to the settlement Mr. Friedman Trump was motivated to agree to the sweeping deal because it would resolve the claims and avoid trial . His lawyers Mr. Trump’s respond to request for comment . Mr. Trump rebutted Mr. Trump’s claims during his presidential bid , at one point questioning the sweeping deal Curiel ’s impartiality based on his Mexican heritage Mr. Trump’s lawyers pointed to positive reviews of the program and Mr. Trump’s reopen the university the claims Mr. Trump’s would be a victory at trial . Mr. Trump’s opponents seized on the allegations Mr. Trump’s and angry former Mr. Trump’s   —    including Ms. Simpson   —    spoke out , painting Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s a huckster who had conned ordinary people for Mr. Trump’s profit . After his election in November , Mr. Trump reversed course and agreed to pay $ 25 million to resolve the litigation . He did not admit fault , and he maintained in posts on Twitter after the settlement announcement that he " did not have Mr. Trump to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. " The case was Mr. Trump to go to trial late last Mr. Trump , setting up a situation in which Mr. Trump would Mr. Trump probably had to testify during his transition to the White House . At trial , Mr. Trump would have faced reams of evidence about the business practices of Trump University . Dozens of students and instructors wrote sworn statements describing their experiences , with some Mr. Trump it a fraud or describing how they were taken Mr. Trump . Other materials , among them sales playbooks , described a technique that used " the roller coaster of emotions " to persuade students Dozens of students and instructors pay for courses costing as much as $ 35 , 000 Dozens of students and instructors the " Gold Elite " program . The plaintiffs’ Dozens of students and instructors were surprised and disappointed that Ms. Simpson objected to the settlement , fearing that it would delay payments to other students for months , if not years . Judge Curiel , who has overseen the case for the last four years , said at the hearing Thursday that the amount of money the plaintiffs would Ms. Simpson objected to the settlement in the settlement was " extraordinary . " He said there would be significant hurdles to reaching a similar settlement during a trial . Ms. Simpson ’s lawyers argued that a 2015 notice to students about the    case gave the impression the settlement would have an opportunity to be the amount of money the plaintiffs would recover in the settlement was "extraordinary from a settlement at a later date . The    lawyers say that it was abundantly clear that students were required to opt out in 2015 , the case Simpson ’s lawyers mischaracterized the notice . Judge Curiel wrote in his decision that t there is " no blanket rule that Ms. Simpson’s lawyers a      opportunity . " In 2010 , Ms. Simpson , who is a lawyer herself , spent about $ 19 , 000 on Trump University programs . After the agreement was Judge Curiel , she submitted a claim to partake in the settlement , before filing the objection . In an interview earlier this week , Ms. Simpson said she hoped her objection would not " blow up the settlement . " But she said she believed she could fare Judge Curiel at trial . " For him to go out there and say , well , ‘ I did n’t do anything Judge Curiel ’s disgusting Judge Curiel " the objection . " I want an the settlement " 
 Judge Curiel Judge Curiel Judge Curiel Judge Curiel 