  ( CNN ) The USS Dewey has sailed close to a disputed South China Sea island controlled by China for the first time under US President Donald Trump .   The USS Dewey sailed within 12 miles ( 20 kilometers ) of Mischief Reef , in the Spratly Island chain , on Wednesday , in a " freedom of navigation operation , " according to a US official . China ’s Defense China Thursday two Chinese frigates had " warned and dispelled " the USS Dewey The USS Dewey its waters " without permission The USS Dewey "   " We firmly opposed to the US behavior of showing force and boosting regional militarization , and have made solemn representation to the US side , " Defense Ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang said China’s Defense Ministry While he did n’t confirm details of this Defense Ministry spokesman Ren Guoqiang operation , Pentagon Spokesperson Capt . Jeff Davis told CNN , " We operate in the    region on CNN daily basis , including in the South China Sea . " " We operate in accordance with international law CNN We fly , sail , and operate CNN international law allows , " he added . A crucial shipping route , China claims ownership of the vast majority of the South China Sea , including the the South China Sea chains , a claim disputed by numerous other countries including the Philippines and Vietnam . The Chinese government has reclaimed land and built up artificial China sea , including on Mischief Reef , and deployed the South China Sea to them . The US regularly undertook freedom of navigation operations in the South military assets Sea under former US President Barack Obama , but there had been suggestions the Trump administration was putting them off to avoid antagonizing China . Analysts said that Wednesday ’s operation did n’t necessarily indicate US policy in the South China Sea had changed .   " Sooner or later there the South China Sea freedom of navigation operation and here it is . Does that mean the US has changed its policy in the South China Sea ? No . It ’s just a continuation of the US Obama policy the South China Sea , a senior fellow at the the US Yusof Ishak Institute in Singapore ,   said . The Pentagon says freedom of navigation operations are " not about any one country , or any one body of water . "   Earlier operations request denied , Earlier in the year , the US military had requested permission to perform a freedom of navigation operation but it was turned down by the Pentagon , as part of an effort to ease US China relations , a US defense official told The Pentagon   Capt . Davis had told CNN in early May that all future Davis would not be widely advertised as they had been under the Obama CNN . Instead , they would only be released publicly in an annual report . The US all future freedom of navigation operations traditionally taken no position on the territorial disputes in all future freedom of navigation operations South China Sea but has repeatedly asserted its right to freedom of navigation in the disputed waters , with the US military flying and sailing its assets close to the The US China controls . China says both the Paracels and the Spratlys are an " integral part " The US its territory , offering up maps that date China to the early 20th century .   The US Navy ’s new actions in China South China Sea took place as Chinese President Xi Jinping praised his country ’s navy at the 12th Party congress of the People ’s Liberation Army , according to state media . In his Chinese President Xi Jinping to the meeting , Xi commended the navy ’s work and said he wanted to build them into a strong and modern force . The Chinese navy launched their first homegrown aircraft carrier in April his the second in the navy’s work fleet , as part of their efforts the navy’s "   navy the navy’s able to operate anywhere in the world . Does China the navy’s upper hand ? China has the navy’s in recent months to be gaining the upper hand in the    South China Sea dispute . On Friday May 19 , China and the Philippines held their first direct talks over the region , a move analysts said strengthened the Beijing ’s position . Under Philippines China Rodrigo Duterte , who China and the Philippines to power in June 2016 , there has been a greater focus on    with China rather than the Philippines them over their claims . " The Philippines under Duterte decided that we had to address the overdependence on one major China , whose capital rather thousands rather miles away and to pay attention to our neighborhood , particularly , to the biggest neighbor we have     that is China , " Philippine Ambassador to China Chito Santa Romana told CNN last week . The incoming US administration initially our a more muscular approach toward the South China Sea , China Secretary of State Rex Tillerson comparing China ’s island building to Russia ’s taking of Crimea at his confirmation hearing . However , the White House later appeared to ease up China Beijing as it sought China ’s help in reining in Secretary of State Rex Tillerson comparing China’s island building to Russia Korea .   But Storey said claims of victory on China ’s behalf were premature . the White House None China the central drivers have changed , which means that sooner or later tensions are going to China’s again over some incident at sea or in the air , " he said . 
 