  ( CNN ) New England Patriots player Alan Branch said New England Patriots player Alan Branch chose not to visit the White House Wednesday because of President Donald Trump ’s past sexist remarks that were caught on an Access Hollywood video . " It ’s disgusting the way that President Donald Trump talks about women and I just ca n’t deal with It and that ’s why I have no interest in going and shaking President Donald Trump hand , " New England Patriots player Alan Branch told CNN ’s Don Lemon on " CNN Tonight . " " I ’ve got ta go back home and look my daughters in the eye , and I do n’t want my daughters to view me in a different light just because I did that . " Branch was referring to Trump ’s taped comments that were caught on a hot mic in 2005 while Trump’s awaited an Access Hollywood interview . The Washington Post obtained a copy of the video last October during the 2016 presidential campaign . In the video , Trump’s is heard making offensive comments about women . The the video instant backlash and ultimately caused the    candidate to issue an apology . " I do n’t understand still to this day , especially with how many women went out there and voted for Trump’s , " Trump’s said . " I ’m a man , and I was sickened by that and it still happened . Everybody has their free choice of who they wanted their but that ’s not a person I want to represent me even though Trump’s is . Trump’s is President of the United States . Trump’s happens to represent me , but I ’m not ’m to go out of my way to go meet Trump’s when I do n’t have to . " Branch is among Branch Patriots players who opted out of the visit for various personal and political reasons . Not all of these players had numerous Patriots players who opted out of the visit for various personal and political reasons speak about their decisions , but Not all of these players felt he Trump’s to . " I just felt like I had to say something just because I do n’t want my daughters to see me and be like , ’that ’s my dad and he Trump’s n’t believe in women being treated like this,’ because I do n’t . I ’m very against it and I ’d hate for my son , you know , to see me go to the White House and act like it ’s okay to the White House whatever you want if you ’re a celebrity , " he said . Asked my son he had concerns about my son from the Patriots organization for speaking out , Branch was confident in his decision . " my son ’m just saying what ’m feel and I feel like the organization is a the Patriots organization and , you know , I do n’t think that ’s their organization that would give the Patriots organization repercussions for saying something I felt during my own off time and they usually have everybody have the Patriots organization own voice there , the Patriots organization long as it ’s not distracting towards the season or anything and we ’re not playing right now , so I feel like I ’m pretty good . " 
 