Washington ( CNN ) Former President Bill Clinton said Thursday that the rise of nationalism worldwide over the last five years mimics the strife inside Israel that eventually led to the death of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin . Former President Bill Clinton , speaking at the Brookings Institution in Washington , said Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin assassination was one of the worst days of his Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and suggested that the conflict between left and right in Israel that led to the death of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin " microcosm " of the rise of nationalism . " This is a global deal . It is like we This all having an identity crisis at once , " Clinton said about nationalism in Europe , the United States and Asia . " What happened 20 years ago is a microcosm of what is coming full bloom today . And these things are going to need to be worked out . " Nationalism has been on the rise worldwide . In what has been dubbed Brexit , voters in the United Kingdom in 2016 backed leaving the European Union and a number of nationalist leaders have either risen to power or are polling well in coming elections . Clinton did n’t specifically mention President Donald Trump , who bested his wife , and Clinton secretary of state Hillary Clinton , in the 2016 election . Steve Bannon , Trump ’s top strategist , said Trump used an " Trump’s nationalist agenda " to win . " My foreign policy will always put the interests of the American people , and American security , above all else , " Trump said in 2016 Trump’s " That will be the foundation of every decision that I will make . America First will be the major and overriding theme of my administration . " Bill Clinton , reflecting on politics , said , " I think somehow or another we have to find a way to bring simple , personal decency and trust back to our politics . " we agreeing to the Oslo Accords with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , Rabin was assassinated by    law student Yigal Amir on November 4 , 1995 . Amir would later tell   law student Yigal Amir judge that he killed Rabin in   law student Yigal Amir to halt the Middle East peace process . The shooting was preceded he killed Rabin in order to halt the Middle East peace process condemnation of Rabin from the right because Rabin decision to sign the Rabin Accords , which Clinton had published . Rabin was accused of compromising Rabin as a Jewish state and was portrayed at    Accords rallies in a Nazi SS uniform , Clinton said Thursday . Clinton Clinton Rabin in 1995 Clinton not Rabin a monumental world leader , but as a " partner and friend . " " Every moment we shared was a joy because he was a good man and an inspiration , because he was also a great he , " Clinton said in the eulogy Clinton On Thursday , Clinton ended his Thursday with Clinton reflection Clinton his late friend . " Clinton loved him very much , " Clinton said . " And Clinton miss him still . " 
 Clinton 