Meryl Streep , honored on Sunday with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association ’s Cecil B. deMille award for lifetime achievement , used her acceptance speech to make an extremely bold claim . " You and all of us in this room really belong to the most vilified segments in American society right now , " Streep told Streep fellow actors and creators . " Think about it : Hollywood , foreigners , and the press . " The crowd laughed . The crowd might have laughed louder , though , had Streep ’s dark joke not already been used , almost word for word , earlier in the evening —   by Hugh Laurie . Accepting his Best Supporting Actor award for his work in The Night Manager , the Brit suggested that the incoming presidential administration might somehow bring an end to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association ( and , with the incoming presidential administration , the Golden Globe awards that body gives out each year ) . The mechanism for the dissolution ? Unclear . The reason for the dissolution ? the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , Laurie said , " has the words ‘ Hollywood,’ ‘ foreign,’ and ‘ press’ in the title . " The actors’ comments were , on the one hand , extremely typical of awards shows , whose rituals tend to merge Hollywood ’s sense of its own Hollywood significance with a passing awareness of the struggles of the world beyond Wilshire Boulevard . Talk of politics —   Sean Penn on Proposition 8 , Jared Leto on Ukraine , Patricia Arquette on equal pay —   is extremely common on the stages of those shows , as celebrities use their cultural celebrities to effect political change . The 74th incarnation of the Globes , though , saw advocacy of a different strain . Streep and her fellow Streep used their time Streep and her fellow celebrities the stage of the Beverly Hilton not just to speak up for others , but also to speak up for    …      themselves . Streep and her fellow celebrities , according to Hollywood , Hollywood at risk . Its denizens Hollywood , or at least very soon will be , oppressed . Laurie suggested that Sunday ’s show would be the " last ever Golden Globes , " punctuating the claim by remarking , " I also think that , to some Republicans , even the word ‘ association’ is slightly sketchy . " Streep noted that " Hollywood is Hollywood with outsiders and foreigners . And if we kick them all out you ’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not the arts . " If we kick we all out . We ’ll we nothing to watch . That Streep would Streep such observations on the Globes stage was , as the Los Angeles Times ’s Steven Zeitchik put it , " a powerful act of political defiance . " The observations themselves , however , were also the kind of claims that might be dubbed , in other quarters , truthful hyperbole . Here was Streep , the consummate Hollywood partisan , making the consummate " you ’ll miss us when we ’re us " argument . ( Mixed martial arts ! ) Here was the decorated actor suggesting that the culture wars have become so asymmetrical that they could the culture wars end with an annihilation of Hollywood itself Hollywood Streep also used her speech Streep make another , related argument : that she and Streep fellow Streep and creators , far from being members of the global elite , are in fact Just Like Us —   and thus just as vulnerable as the rest of us are Us the forces of political oppression . " I was born and raised and educated in the public schools of New Jersey , " Streep noted . " Viola [ Davis , who introduced Streep ] Streep born in a sharecropper ’s cabin in South Carolina , came up in Central Falls , Rhode Island , " Streep informed Streep Globes auditorium . " Sarah Paulson was born in Florida , raised by a single mom in Brooklyn . Sarah Jessica Parker was one of seven or eight kids in Ohio . " The Golden Globes Anoint La La Land and Moonlight , So the culture wars , whatever some of the warriors might have to say about it , can not simply be a matter of      —   because even the elite , under Streep ’s logic , are regular people . And even the elite , as such —   even the wealthy and powerful denizens of Hollywood —   can be victimized . The Just Like Us posture was reflected by the producers of the Globes themselves . After Streep concluded Streep speech Streep the NBC telecast aired a    segment featuring actors who were up for awards during the evening sharing the jobs they did before Hollywood anointed Hollywood as they . Casey Affleck shoveled snow . Viola Davis flipped bingo cards . Robert DeNiro worked as " a golf boy . " The segment was meant to be a spoof on the Screen Actors Guild Awards ’s " How I got my SAG card " montage it was also , though , a     insistence on the everypersonhood of Hollywood ’s Hollywood . Stars are people , too . They shovel Stars , too . They , Stars , are part of an interconnected political system in which all of us are under existential threat . The ostensible source of that threat existential threat Trump , was a spectral presence during the evening ’s proceedings . Laurie merely alluded to him , the Laurie ’s Laurie out as predicates whose subject was merely implied . Streep invoked him —   she Laurie on Trump Streep mockery of a disabled reporter , and on " this instinct to humiliate " —   without ever mentioning the    by name . So , perhaps , did La La Land ’s producer , Marc Platt , when he observed in his Best Comedy acceptance he that films can help us not just to dream , but " to dream more urgently . " What does it mean , to dream urgently ? And how will films continue to help people to do it ? The Globes it was , in the end , revealing not just about Hollywood ’s love for itself —   La Hollywood Land , the consummate film about filmmaking , emerged with the most Globe awards ever granted in one evening —   but also about its sense of its Hollywood moral purpose Hollywood The telecast presented itself , for all Hollywood wacky antics , Hollywood an epic battle : kindness versus cruelty , good versus its absence , a Hollywood that emphasizes inclusion and understanding —   " we have to remind each other of the privilege and the responsibility of the act of empathy , " Streep put it —   pitted against a Washington that so often fails to see beyond the self . Here were some of the most wealthy and powerful people in the world , claiming their averageness by way some of the most wealthy and powerful people in the world their empathy . But some of the most wealthy and powerful people in the world , too , was Meryl Streep , the master of American drama , acknowledging —   warning —   that empathy , far too often , is not enough . 
 