  ( CNN ) Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine was spotted at the Newport Shipyard Friday night just minutes before Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine phone rang at 7:32 pm , and then Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine disappeared from view . Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine ducked inside the office of a dock worker to take the call discretely . There , surrounded by ropes , flags and other nautical equipment , Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine accepted Hillary Clinton ’s offer to join the Democratic ticket as Hillary Clinton’s running mate . Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine had been a    in Hillary Clinton’s ’s vice presidential search from the start . But as Hillary Clinton’s vetted the senator and other top contenders in recent weeks , the quiet life of an unassuming politician often dubbed " vanilla " was hardly that . For Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine and Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine wife , Anne Holton , the final 78 hours leading up to Clinton’s decision were filled with car chases and stealth getaways , reporters stalking their Kaine and his wife, Anne Holton, the final 78 hours leading up to Clinton’s decision move , and strangers asking for autographs . Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine in Miami : ’Bienvenidos a todos’ There was the one question that followed the Kaines everywhere : " Have you heard anything yet ? " The intrigue began to build   . On Wednesday , the senator insisted he the senator no plans to fly to Florida , where Clinton planned to announce her Clinton mate at the end of the week .   " But I ’m checking the Greyhound schedule , " Kaine joked , before sneaking out of a back door of the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce . On Thursday , Kaine Kaine by one of his Kaine favorite spots in Herndon , Virginia : Jimmy ’s Old Town Tavern . Rolling up his Kaine , he Kaine a few beers for diners at the bar , only to once again be bombarded with questions . Following an interfaith panel in Sterling , Virginia Virginia that same day , Kaine and an aide got into a white Kia sedan , sending reporters into a car chase through Northern Virginia neighborhoods and highways . After nearly an hour , Kaine Kaine into a McLean office building . The spotlight also fell on Kaine Kaine wife . With the announcement expected the next day , Holton stepped out of her Holton on Confederate Avenue to a group of reporters Thursday night . She Holton them she Holton n’t expect her Holton to be home that Thursday night but casually invited the press to join her Holton her Holton evening walk through her Holton North Richmond neighborhood . 7 things you should know about Tim Kaine , The next morning , Holton , Virginia ’s education secretary , appeared to go to work as usual at the Patrick Henry Building in the state ’s capital . Kaine himself Tim Kaine , left his Washington apartment Tim Kaine Friday , several minutes before 8 a. m. A CNN reporter , waiting in a vehicle for his exit , Tim Kaine the senator as Tim Kaine into a Tim Kaine car and drove towards the Capitol , but lost him when he disappeared Tim Kaine a Tim Kaine entrance . Kaine ’s schedule for Tim Kaine day offered few clues to the media tracking him . The former Tim Kaine was Tim Kaine fundraiser at the University of Massachusetts Club in Boston that afternoon , around the time that the Clinton campaign was widely expected to announce her pick via a message to Clinton . Sure enough , Kaine was on the move . Tim Kaine 8:24 a. m. Charles Moore     an employee at the software company Capitol One   Labs     tweeted that he " almost literally bumped into Charles Moore     Kaine at Reagan National Airport . Tim Kaine Said ’sorry’ then ’good luck!’ He laughed and said thanks , ’good luck!’ Moore wrote . Around 11 a. Charles Moore     Kaine stepped off of American Airlines Flight 2139 at gate B19 of Boston ’s Logan Airport , where another CNN reporter was waiting . Kaine appeared to be in a Kaine mood , signing a baseball for a fan and chatting with the reporter . He mentioned he another CNN reporter great Kaine at Kaine surprise 50th birthday party for a close friend the night before . Why Tim Kaine has already made history Kaine on the Clinton front , he had nothing to share : " Kaine news to report , " Kaine said . For the time being Kaine he still planned to travel to Newport Kaine Rhode Island , later in the day to attend an evening fundraiser . When Kaine came out of the airport restroom Kaine a second person asked the senator for an autograph . Kaine Kaine entourage were escorted to a Kaine , Kaine Toyota Highlander , which whisked The Highlander entrance in a garage under the    building where the fundraiser was being held .   When security asked two an evening fundraiser leave the garage , another reporter with the local Boston station NECN hid in a stairwell . He saw luggage from the Highlander being moved into another a garage before both cars exited the garage Boston a back entrance . The intrigue took a another reporter with the local Boston station turn later The Highlander shooting in Munich , Germany . Clinton , who was participating in a garage discussion in Orlando , personally sent out this tweet : " Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich . We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice . " With the situation fluid in Munich , the Clinton campaign found itself in a conundrum Munich how Clinton, who was participating in a roundtable discussion in Orlando avoid split Clinton, who was participating in a roundtable discussion in Orlando optics where Germany was our friends in Germany her running mate at the same time that news of a mass shooting     Munich potentially a terrorist attack     the Clinton campaign unfolding ( police later said the shooter had no terrorist connection Clinton . A Clinton earlier , the Trump campaign had faced a similar debate , when a terror attack shook Nice , France , as it was preparing to roll out Mike Pence as Trump ’s running mate .   When the Clinton campaign Tampa in the late afternoon , she made no mention of her vice presidential pick . And there the Clinton campaign still no message to supporters . Meanwhile , Trump continued his way to Newport as scheduled . A scrum of reporters met him there Clinton waiting to catch a Clinton of the senator at the event on the water . According to attendees , Kaine said inside Kaine private gathering he had no news on the VP front . Kaine , something changed . He was spotted by reporters chatting with attendees at The Shipyard just minutes before his phone rang Kaine 7:32 p. m. Clinton made Kaine ask , and Kaine , hidden away in the dock worker ’s office Kaine accepted . Waiting for Kaine at a nearby beach was John Podesta , Kaine head of Clinton ’s vice presidential search . Earlier in the day Kaine Podesta had slipped past reporters at the Clinton campaign headquarter in Brooklyn by taking Kaine freight elevator downstairs , then Podesta to North Kingston , Rhode Island .   When Kaine arrived at the Hotel Viking in Newport Clinton he called his wife to share the news . At around 10:45 p. m. President Barack Obama called to congratulate him . At 11:15 p. m. Kaine flew to Miami , nixing an earlier plan to first return to Richmond . He originally Kaine a Kaine fundraiser scheduled for Saturday , and wound up wearing the suit he planned to wear to that President Barack Obama to his first Kaine Clinton Kaine   On the    flight , Kaine worked on his speech .   " Kaine ’ve always believed that however you serve , what matters is whether you actually deliver Kaine for people , " Kaine said Saturday Kaine dipping in and out of Spanish multiple times .   Asked by Kaine after Saturday Kaine event about being chosen as Clinton ’s running mate , Kaine said : " It was kind of surreal . " As aides would explain Kaine , Saturday audition process started in earnest the previous week , when Clinton met with Kaine for 90 minutes at her home in Chappaqua Clinton . Two days Kaine , there was a gathering of the two families     Clinton , former president Bill Clinton , their daughter Chelsea and her husband met with Kaine and Holton Clinton lunch Kaine A handful of reporters and Clinton were standing outside Clinton ’s home during the lunch and noticed people coming and going . But because they Clinton unable to see into the windows a gathering of the two families    Clinton, former president Bill Clinton, their daughter Chelsea and her husband met with Kaine and Holton over lunch Secret Service cars Clinton it never Kaine that Kaine had joined the Clintons Clinton lunch that day . Of the    people that were on Clinton lunch     their information were delivered to Clinton by Podesta in people in Duane Reade plastic bags filled Kaine binders     Kaine was ultimately they were unable to see into the windows of Secret Service cars only one to Tim Kaine a second meeting . Clinton was Clinton by her personal fondness for the senator and the Clinton that Kaine would be the   people that were on Clinton’s short list     for the Podesta Tim Kaine vice president     and qualified to assume the office of the presidency     on Day 1 Clinton On Friday night Clinton a local TV station reported that Kaine appeared to have " slipped away by boat " from the Newport : " Shipyard employees said if he did not leave through the gate where a dozen local and national reporters were waiting , the only Kaine exit was by sea . " But true to his style , there was no James    exit Kaine Kaine the night he learned of his Tim Kaine fate . Tim Kaine that would Tim Kaine made for a far better story , the senator ’s spokeswoman told CNN , Kaine had driven away in a Volvo Tim Kaine the night . 
 the senator CNN 