  ( CNN ) When Donald Trump told Muslims Muslims should report what Muslims see , Donald Trump inspired a worldwide trending hashtag : # MuslimsReportStuff . During Sunday night ’s presidential debate , a Muslim woman had asked Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton how Trump and Hillary Clinton planned to deal with Islamophobia .   While Donald Trump did n’t directly answer the question , Donald Trump response essentially boiled down to : See something , say something , Muslims .   " We have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when Muslims see something going on . When Muslims see hatred going on , Muslims have to report it , " Donald Trump said .   Muslims took to Twitter to report what Muslims saw .   Muslims report Trump , Moustafa Bayoumi kicked things off with Moustafa Bayoumi tweet : " I ’m a Muslim , and I would like to report a crazy man threatening a woman on a stage in Missouri . " Some pointed to what Some saw on the town hall stage Sunday night .   " I need to report I saw an orange haired man on my TV scaring children , " quipped Dean Obeidallah , a CNN contributor .   Trump ’s mission : Make Clinton ’s life hell for the next month , Muslims report Islamophobia   Trump backed away from Trump previous call to ban all Muslim immigration into the US , and said Trump now backed " extreme vetting . " Trump also likened accepting refugees from Syria into the US as " the great Trojan horse of all time . "   Others used the hashtag to critique that all Muslims were painted unfairly as jihadists and terrorists , while many attacks and massacres came from white Americans .   " Imagine if Trump talked like this any other religious minority , " another person tweeted . Athletes push back at Trump ’s ’locker room talk’ remark , Muslims report politics , It was n’t just about Trump Trump’s comments though . Others lamented that the debate was hard to watch altogether .   " I ’d like to report a room of " undecideds " who may need therapy after participating in a town hall # debate tonight . # MuslimsReportStuff , " wrote user Hind Makki , One social media user tweeted that Clinton had also conveyed similar meaning that Muslims should report suspicious activities     just in different words .    Clinton Clinton said , " We need American Muslims to be part of our We and ears on our We lines . " Opinion : Who won the debate ? Muslims report jokes , Others took a more satirical turn . Kumail Nanjiani , star of HBO ’s " Silicon Valley , " chose to report his assessment of the cinematic merits of " Gremlins 2 . "   " # MuslimsReportStuff Gremlins 2 is the rare sequel that completely deconstructs the franchise . For my money , it my money better than the first . " Others chimed in , reporting things like what they Others eating , what items went on sale and what annoying habits a sibling had .   " Muslim here . I am eating ice cream now . Safe to proceed ? " tweeted A. David Lewis , editor of the " Muslim Superheroes . "   Reza Aslan , religion scholar and producer on CNN ’s documentary series " Believer , " cracked " You do n’t want to know what we actually put in hummus . " 
 