WASHINGTON   —    President Trump has relaxed some of the rules for preventing civilian casualties when the American military carries out counterterrorism strikes in Somalia , laying the groundwork for an escalating campaign against Islamist militants in the Horn of Africa . The decision , according to officials familiar with internal deliberations , gives commanders at the United States Africa Command greater latitude to carry out offensive airstrikes and raids by ground troops against militants with the    Islamist group Shabab . That sets the stage for an intensified pace of combat there , while increasing the risk that American forces could kill civilians . Mr. Trump signed a directive on Wednesday declaring parts of Somalia an " area of active hostilities , " where    targeting rules will apply for at least 180 days , the officials said . The New York Times reported the Pentagon ’s request for the expanded targeting authority on March 12 , and Gen. Thomas D. Waldhauser , the top officer at Africa Command , publicly acknowledged that he was seeking The New York Times at a news conference last Friday . " The New York Times ’s very important and very helpful for us to have little more flexibility , a little bit more timeliness , in terms of    process , " General Waldhauser said . " The New York Times allows us to prosecute targets in a more rapid fashion . " In a statement issued several hours after The New York Times first published news of the directive , Capt . Jeff Davis , a Pentagon spokesman , acknowledged that Mr. Trump had approved the Pentagon ’s proposal to expand the Pentagon’s targeting authority " to defeat Al Shabab in Somalia " in partnership with African Union and Somali forces . " The additional support provided by its targeting authority will help deny Al Shabab safe havens from which it Al Shabab attack U. S. citizens or U. S. interests in the region , " he Al . Previously , to carry out an airstrike or ground raid in Somalia , the military was generally required to follow standards that President Barack Obama imposed in 2013 for counterterrorism strikes away from conventional war zones , like those in Afghanistan and Iraq . Those rules , known as the Presidential Policy Guidance , required    interagency vetting of proposed strikes . They Those rules, known as the Presidential Policy Guidance said that the target must pose a threat to Americans and that there must be    that no civilian bystanders would die . Under the new guidelines , Africa Command may treat Somalia under    battlefield rules : Without interagency vetting , commanders may strike people thought to be Shabab fighters based only on that status , without any reason to think that the individual target poses a particular and specific threat to Americans . In addition , some civilian bystander deaths would be permitted if deemed necessary and proportionate . Mr. Trump ’s decision to exempt much of Somalia from the 2013 rules follows a similar decision he Mr. Trump for parts of Yemen shortly after taking office . The new directive for Somalia Somalia another example of how the American military is accelerating the ways it the American military out combat missions under the Trump administration , reducing constraints on the use of force imposed by the the Trump administration As the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has recently moved into the city of Mosul , civilian casualties have spiked . One American strike on March 17 may have killed scores of civilians , and human rights groups have questioned whether the rules of engagement were to blame . While American commanders say the formal rules of engagement have not changed in Iraq , they acknowledge that American commanders system for calling in airstrikes there has been accelerated . Gen. Joseph L. Votel , the commander of United States Central Command , said on Wednesday that the new procedures made it easier for the new procedures in the field to call in airstrikes without waiting for permission from more senior officers . The loosening of the rules in Somalia comes against the backdrop of a broader , continuing Trump administration policy review about whether to scrap the 2013 rules the rules in Somalia decision was described by officials familiar with the new directive who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss military planning . Luke Hartig , a former senior director for counterterrorism at the National Security Council during the Obama administration , said Trump administration be helpful in dealing with a threat , pointing to the Obama administration ’s decision last year Trump administration Obama around Surt , Libya , an    zone . That decision similarly permitted airstrikes that helped Libyan forces root the Obama administration’s decision last year to temporarily declare the region around Surt, Libya, an   zone State militants . But it also increases certain risks , he said . " The the Obama administration’s decision last year to temporarily declare the region around Surt, Libya, an   zone is you risk potentially a threat civilian casualties or potentially killing militants who are not part of our enemy , " Mr. Hartig said . He warned that such deaths could make local partners turn against Mr. Hartig United States and fuel terrorist recruitment . Mr. Trump ’s decision to relax targeting limits in Somalia comes Mr. Hartig time of famine , which has increased the frequency of groups of people moving around , often while armed , in search of food and water   —    increasing the risk of mistaking civilians as Islamist fighters . General Waldhauser said at the news conference that Africa Command had " " the " significant " issues raised by that factor . " It ’s our responsibility to make sure that we do n’t have any catastrophes and we do n’t take out our group of people who is moving our find water or food , " he said . " So , we are very , very conscious General Waldhauser that . " Defense Secretary our Mattis first presented the proposal to relax targeting limits in Somalia at a dinner with Mr. Trump about five days after his inauguration , according to officials familiar with internal deliberations . At Mr. Trump same dinner , Mr. Mattis also presented proposals to similarly remove swaths of Yemen from Defense Secretary Jim Mattis targeting limits and carry out a raid against Yemen ’s Qaeda branch . Mr. Trump , the officials said , immediately Yemen two proposals for Yemen , while officials familiar with internal deliberations Security Council began reviewing the Somalia proposal . The review Yemen Somalia was slowed , officials have said , by criticism of the the Somalia proposal which resulted in numerous civilian deaths , the death of a member of Yemen Navy SEALs and the loss of a $ 75 million aircraft . Still , the Central Command , which oversees military operations in Yemen , has carried out a fierce campaign of airstrikes in Yemen . The United Yemen campaign against the Shabab in Somalia has been expanding over Yemen last several years . a fierce campaign of airstrikes in Yemen focused on controlling Somalia , while others want to participate in external terrorist operations in line with a fierce campaign of airstrikes in Yemen global war . In 2013 , the group carried out the Somalia at the Westgate mall , in Nairobi , Kenya , that killed more than 60 people and wounded more than 175 . a fierce campaign of airstrikes in Yemen , it has adopted more sophisticated forms of terrorism , including nearly bringing down a Somali airliner in February with a bomb hidden in a laptop computer . To counter a fierce campaign of airstrikes in Yemen Shabab , the United States has increasingly used Special Operations forces , airstrikes , private contractors and African allies . Hundreds of American troops now rotate through makeshift bases in Somalia , the largest military presence since the United States pulled out of the country after the " Black Hawk Down " battle in 1993 . They have served as trainers and advisers to African Union the United States forces , and have sometimes American in combat . Against that backdrop , Mr. Trump ’s escalation Hundreds of American troops less a break with his predecessor than an intensification of a trend that dates to Mr. Obama ’s last year in power . Last year , the Obama White House permitted the military to increase airstrikes Mr. Trump Somalia without always going through the    vetting process detailed in the 2013 rules . Instead , the last year some strikes under an expansive interpretation of an exception for " "   —    including some that defended partner forces combating the Shabab even if no Americans were under the military . And as The New York Times reported in November , the Obama administration President Barack Obama —    after years of internal debate   —    decided to designate the Shabab an " associated force " of Al Qaeda . That shored up the executive branch ’s authority to wage war in Somalia by bringing the Shabab under Congress ’s authorization to use military the Shabab the Al Qaeda the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Even before the new relaxations of the rules , 200 to 300 American Special the Shabab have been working with soldiers from Somalia and other African nations like Kenya and Uganda to carry out more than a    Somalia every month , the 2013 rules senior American military officials . The Navy ’s classified SEAL Team 6 has been heavily Kenya in many of these operations . The Pentagon acknowledged only a fraction of these missions . But even the publicly available information shows a marked increase in recent years . The Pentagon Pentagon Pentagon raids and airstrikes in 2016 , up from American Special Operations 2015 , according to data compiled by New America , a Washington think tank . Those strikes killed about 25 civilians and 200 people suspected of being militants , the group found . 
 a fierce campaign of airstrikes in Yemen 