MIAMI , Florida   —    The entire world elite is coming after billionaire businessman and 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump with everything billionaire businessman and 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump have got , but Donald Trump remains in command in the home stretch heading into perhaps the most important next three days of the entire GOP presidential primary . [ Violent liberal leftwing protesters forced Donald Trump to postpone a rally in Chicago on Friday night . Black activists stormed Donald Trump stage before the presidential frontrunner took it , and as security worked to remove them Black activists more broke out in violent altercations throughout the crowd .   Due to security concerns , Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump called off the a rally in Chicago " Mr. Donald Trump arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement has determined that for the safety of all of the tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena , tonight ’s rally will be postponed to another date , " the Trump campaign Donald Trump on   Friday night . " Thank you very much for your attendance and please go in peace . " After the    who lost their opportunity to see Trump went Donald Trump peacefully , the situation eventually resolved . Trump ’s Donald Trump the Trump campaign statement : Commander George Devereux of the CPD was informed of everything before it happened . Likewise , Secret Service and private security firms were consulted and totally involved . We have received great credit from everyone for canceling this event . Nobody was injured and crowds disbanded quickly and peacefully . It has been termed ‘ really good management and leadership under great pressure!’ It would have been easier for It Trump to have spoken , but he decided , in the interest Mr. Trump everyone ’s safety , to postpone the event . The most stunning this event this whole storyline is perhaps not that liberals got violent trying to stop him : It ’s that Trump ’s Mr. Trump primary opponents , Sens Mr. Trump Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , blamed him and not the violent liberals for the chaos . After that , the media spread false reports , Trump noted , that he was supposedly Mr. Trump more rallies on Mr. Trump —   including one in Cincinnati . Trump was n’t canceling any rallies . Mr. Trump The rally in Cincinnati is ON . Media put out Cincinnati reports that it was cancelled . Will be great   —    love you Ohio ! " Trump Tweeted . In Dayton , Ohio Mr. Trump earlier in the day , Ohio protester reached out at Trump , prompting Secret Service to jump Mr. Trump stage to his defense —   and remove the a protester from the audience . Trump , unfazed , responded forcefully : " Thank you for the warning . I was ready for him , but it ’s much easier a protester the cops do it , do n’t we agree ? it a great job ! " Then he continued speaking to Ohioans . It a protester out , according to Trump , that the person may have Mr. Trump ties to ISIS , the Islamic State terrorist organization . USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage . He has ties to ISIS . Should USSS in jail ! https :   . ? ssr = true ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 12 , 2016 ,   All of this escalation , of course , comes in the wake of a secret meeting of the world elite aimed at stopping Trump ’s ascension to the presidency . " Billionaires , tech CEOs and top members of the Republican establishment flew to a private island resort off the coast of Georgia this weekend for the American Enterprise Institute ’s annual World Forum , according to sources familiar with the secretive gathering , " the Huffington Post ’s Ryan Grim wrote of it . " The main topic at the      confab ? How to stop Republican    Donald Trump . " Those in attendance , according to Grim , included : Apple CEO Tim Ryan Grim , Google    Larry Page , Napster creator and Facebook investor Sean Parker , Tesla Motors’ and SpaceX ’s Elon Musk , U. S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , Karl Rove , House Speaker Paul Ryan , Sens . Tom Cotton ( ) Cory Gardner ( ) Tim Scott ( ) Rob Portman ( ) and Ben Sasse ( ) . House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Rep. House Upton ( ) Rep. Kevin Brady ( ) House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , House GOP conference chairwoman Rep. Cathy McMorris House ( ) House Budget Committee Chairman Rep. Tom Price ( ) House Financial Services Committee Chairman Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( ) and Rep. Diane Black ( ) were also present according to Grim , as were billionaire GOP donor Philip Anschutz —   who GOP the company that owns both the Washington Examiner and the Weekly Standard —   and New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger . Bill Kristol , of Anschutz ’s Weekly Standard , wrote an emailed report from the conference according to Grim —   a report that borrowed " the opening lines of the Communist Manifesto . " " A specter was haunting the World Forum —   the specter of Donald Trump , " Kristol wrote . " There was much Bill Kristol about his emergence , a good deal of Bill Kristol , some of it insightful and thoughtful , about why he ’s done so well , and Bill Kristol expressions of hope that he would be defeated . " Kristol Bill Kristol been avidly opposed to Trump Bill Kristol some time , even writing Donald Trump piece for competitor magazine National Review ’s " Against Trump " issue , and suggesting that Donald Trump Hillary Clinton would be a better president than Republican Trump . Grim later detailed on CNN Donald Trump 54 private jets landed on the island off Georgia ’s coast for the    elite summit . Trump , meanwhile , has battled with Republican Trump governments of Mexico , China , Canada , and many other foreign leaders who have been trying to stop his election to the presidency here . Republican Trump ’s fought with the Pope over Republican Trump and Christianity . He ’s battled with the most powerful Republican Trump in the world , the Mexican drug cartels , and Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman has put a bounty on his head . That ’s not to Republican Trump the vicious attacks he ’s sustained from each of his Republican Trump presidential rivals throughout this primary Republican Trump , ranging from Cruz ’s to Rubio ’s to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ’s to Sen. Rand Paul ’s to former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ’s to former Texas Gov. Rick Perry ’s to Sen. Lindsey Graham ’s and more . He ’s even survived vicious personal attacks Republican Trump the former GOP nominee , 2012 ’s Mitt Romney GOP who ’s lost both times he ran for president . It seems Republican Trump everyone wants to stop Trump , except the actual voters who keep backing him over his rivals in contest after Republican Trump . Republican Trump biggest one is coming up on Tuesday , as voters here in Florida , per recent polling , are likely to select him over Kasich , Cruz , or Republican Trump home state senator Rubio —   and voters in Kasich ’s Ohio , recent polls show Kasich may select Trump . Trump and Kasich are dueling it out for Ohio Kasich now , Trump and Kasich to new Ohio . Missouri , Illinois , and North Carolina voters will also head to the polls . Trump holds leads in new polls Illinois Trump according to recent polling Missouri though Missouri polling is scant ) and he also Missouri in North Carolina . Trump Trump wins Florida , North Carolina and Trump —   all     states —   Missouri will pick up another 217 delegates . Both North Carolina and Illinois award delegates proportionally , Trump wins Florida, Ohio, and Missouri —  all    states —  he will pick up another 217 delegates North Carolina likely get a significant portion Trump their combined 141 delegates . Trump currently has 460 delegates Both North Carolina and Illinois award delegates proportionally and Trump need 1 , 237 to win the GOP nomination . Winning the three     states would put him well over 700 delegates , potentially Trump to 800 delegates , and within striking distance of wrapping this thing up in the next few weeks . So , while the entire world has come at Trump with everything they ’ve got , Trump ’s not only still standing . Trump ’s in prime position to potentially Trump the nomination soon , if his momentum continues on the the GOP nomination Trump on , and then the question would become whether the party would support him —   or whether GOP leaders Trump go back on their GOP to support the eventual nominee . Some , including GOP leaders and Rubio , have suggested in Kasich days Rubio may go back on their pledge . 
 Some, including Kasich and Rubio Some, including Kasich and Rubio 