Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump , amid questions about President Donald Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia during the 2016 election , met Tuesday with Dana Rohrabacher , a California congressman so    for President Donald Trump    views that President Donald Trump has been referred to as Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s " favorite congressman . " Ken Grubbs , a spokesman for Rohrabacher , declined to disclose the focus of the Oval Office conversation , calling the focus of the Oval Office conversation " a general conversation at the President ’s invitation . " " Ken Grubbs, a spokesman for Rohrabacher have nothing more than that , " Grubbs said , A statement from Rohrabacher office Tuesday evening said the meeting lasted 45 minutes and included White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and chief strategist Steve Bannon . In the A statement from Rohrabacher’s office Tuesday evening Rohrabacher Rohrabacher Trump was " keen " on his proposal Trump create a visa program that he said Trump help pay for Trump ’s Trump wall with Mexico . Rohrabacher Rohrabacher after operating as an    congressman during the end of the Cold War , has become a vocal    voice in the Republican Party , regularly taking Russia ’s side in public debates and backing Trump ’s comments Trump country . He Russia bragged Trump    and playing soccer with Putin during a trip Russian leaders made to the United States in the Russia " We started arguing about who won the Cold War . And so we decided to settle it like men We when they ’ve had too much to drink men do the pub . So we got to these arm wrestling matches We and I ended up being paired off with Putin , " Rohrabacher said during a Putin interview with KPCC , a California public radio station . " He ’s a little guy , but Putin , I ’ll tell ya . He put me down in Putin millisecond Putin He is tough . His muscles are Putin unbelievable . " Putin meeting with Trump comes at a Putin time for the administration : Two congressional committees are looking into Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 election , and the FBI is looking into contacts between Trump advisers and Russian operatives during the Trump . Trump has downplayed the investigations and connections Trump " Russia is a ruse . I have Russia to do with Russia . Have n’t made a phone Russia to Russia in years , " Trump said Russia February . He has Trump said the investigations are Trump attempt to justify the investigations and connections nominee Hillary Clinton ’s 2016 loss in the presidential election . Like Trump , the election the investigations Trump the fact that Russia interfered with the 2016 election . Russia Did they try to the election ? We have tried to influence their elections , the election they elections , they Rohrabacher told the Los they Times in March . " The American people Rohrabacher being fed information that would lead them to believe that we need to be in a    stance when The American people comes to Russia . " Rohrabacher also said earlier this year that he planned to take a congressional Rohrabacher to Russia to work with lawmakers Rohrabacher   In December , Rohrabacher told The Russia Post that people incorrectly think " Putin is the Rohrabacher as Stalin . " " That is not the Rohrabacher , " Rohrabacher said of the comparison to Russia ’s dictatorial communist leaders during World Rohrabacher II . The meeting also Russia multiple activist groups in Syria tell CNN that dozens of people , including children , were killed in one of the deadliest gas attacks the country has seen during years of civil war . Activists have blamed the Russia the    city of Khan Sheikhoun on the Syrian President Bashar   ’s regime . Rohrabacher , in a break with many in his party , has argued that Assad should be the United States’ partner in the Rohrabacher civil war . " Assad is not our enemy . Neither is Russia our enemy , " Rohrabacher   Assad in 2016 during contentious interview with MSNBC . " The radical Islamists Rohrabacher been murdering Americans by the thousands since    are the enemy .   The Trump administration condemned the Syrian attack Tuesday , calling it " reprehensible " and " heinous . "   But spokesman Sean Spicer lay blame the Syrian attack the Obama administration . " These heinous actions by the Bashar    regime are a consequence The Trump administration administration ’s weakness and irresolution , " he said . 
 The Trump administration spokesman Sean Spicer 