  ( CNN ) The bounce is back . Donald Trump comes out of Donald Trump convention ahead of Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House , topping Hillary Clinton 44 % to 39 % in a    matchup including Gary Johnson ( 9 % ) and Jill Stein ( 3 % ) and by three points in a       48 % to 45 % . That latter finding represents a    convention bounce for Trump , which are traditionally measured in    matchups . There has n’t been a significant    bounce in CNN ’s polling since 2000 . That year Al Gore and George W. Bush both boosted Al Gore and George W. Bush both numbers by an identical 8 points    before ultimately battling all the way to the Supreme Court . National polls do n’t have a large enough sample to accurately reflect the state of play in key battlegrounds , and there is little information thus far on how Trump ’s convention performance has affected the presidential race    . Nightcap : The latest news and political buzz from CNN Politics | Sign up , The new findings mark Trump ’s best showing in a    Poll against Clinton since September 2015 . Trump ’s new edge rests largely on increased support among independents , 43 % of whom said that Trump’s convention in Cleveland left them convention in Cleveland likely to back Trump , while 41 % were dissuaded .    independents split 34 % Clinton to 31 % Trump , with sizable numbers behind Johnson ( 22 % ) and Stein ( 10 % ) . Now , 46 % say they 46% Trump , 28 % Clinton , 15 % Johnson and 4 % Stein . Donald Trump ’s plan to win the week , The poll also reflects a sharpening of the education divide among whites that has been prevalent throughout the campaign . Among white voters with college degrees , Clinton Clinton gained ground compared with    results , going from an even 40 % to 40 % split to a 44 % to 39 % edge over Trump Donald Trump That while Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump with white voters who do not hold a college degree from a 51 % to 31 % lead before the convention to a 62 % to 23 % lead now . Beyond boosting his Donald Trump support , Trump Donald Trump rating is also on the rise ( 46 % of registered voters say they have 46% of registered voters positive view , up from 39 %   ) while his advantage Donald Trump Clinton on handling top issues climbs . He now Donald Trump    margins over Clinton as Clinton trusted on the economy and terrorism . Trump also cut into Clinton ’s Clinton managing foreign policy ( 50 % said they trusted her 50% , Trump from 57 %   ) . The convention also helped Trump make strides Trump his personal image Trump A majority ( 52 % ) now say Trump is running Trump president for the good of the country rather than personal gain , just 44 % say the same about Clinton . He ’s increased Trump share who call him honest and Trump ( from 38 % to 43 % ) and who would be proud to have him as president Trump from 32 % to 39 % ) . And nearly half now say he ’s in Trump with the problems ordinary Americans face in their daily lives ordinary Americans 46 % say so , 37 % did before the convention ) . Despite Democratic criticism of the Republican convention the convention divisive , the percentage who say Trump will unite the country rather than divide it has increased to 42 the country compared with 34 %   . Clinton ’s ratings on these same measures took a hit , though in most cases her    was not quite Clinton large as Trump ’s gain . Perhaps Trump for the Clinton supporters gathering in Philadelphia this Clinton : 68 % now say Clinton is not honest and trustworthy Clinton her worst rating on that measure Clinton    polling . Those positives for Trump come despite some sharply negative Trump for the convention itself . Almost 6 in 10 ( 58 % ) said the Republican convention spent too much the convention itself , and 18 % called Trump ’s speech " terrible , Trump highest by far since CNN started began the question in 1996 . Still , 40 % called the speech excellent or good and about half of voters ( 45 % ) said Trump ’s speech reflected the way they Trump things the speech S. today 48 % said the speech did not reflect their views . Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook the speech the    Poll the speech   which gives Trump an edge coming out of the Republican Trump . He said Trump did n’t win over persuadable voters , but simply Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook up Trump an base . " It was just an angry mob , " Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told reporters at a Bloomberg Politics breakfast in Philadelphia . A Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook measure , he said , will come when both conventions are over . Viewers Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook to the Democratic convention , The public rendered a split decision on whether the Republican convention them more or less likely to back Trump , 42 % the Republican convention likely while both conventions % said less so , but the shift in voter preferences suggests the " more likely " side carried more weight . And most came away feeling ready to decide about Trump ’s fitness for the job : 78 % say they already know enough to know whether he ’d be a good president . Another 78% % think they need more information Trump’s Two prominent convention speakers saw their stock rise    as Another 20% . Favorability ratings for Trump ’s wife , Melania Two prominent convention speakers climbed from 27 %    to 43 %    Trump’s that her Monday night speech contained passages lifted from Michelle Obama ’s 2008 Democratic convention speech . Favorability ratings for Trump’s wife, Melania Presidential nominee Mike Pence , whose Wednesday speaking slot was largely overshadowed following Ted Cruz ’s defiant stand on the convention stage , also bolstered the electorate ’s impression of him , landing at a 39 % favorable rating overall , up from 26 %   Ted Cruz 10 takeaways from Donald Trump ’s Republican convention , Cruz ’s move , however , appears to have backfired . While 60 % of Republican Ted Cruz a positive impression of the former presidential candidate before the convention , just 33 % have one now . The Trump campaign has claimed the visceral negative reaction to Cruz reflected the unity the party feels behind Trump himself . But the poll suggests a large Ted Cruz of Republican voters still need to be won over . The The Trump campaign Republicans who say their party is " united now " climbed from 16 %    to 24 %    but about the party 49 % ) say it ’s not united now , but will be by November , and there are still about a quarter the party say the party wo n’t unite at all . Further , 45 % continue to say they ’d prefer someone the party Trump as the nominee . The    Poll was conducted by telephone July    45% a random national sample of 1 , 001 adults . Results for the sample of 882 registered voters have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 . 5 percentage points . 
 