  ( CNN ) For  (CNN) first live show     " Saturday Night Live " brought out Jimmy Fallon as Jared Kushner and Melissa McCarthy ’s Sean Spicer as the Easter Bunny . Fallon , who was Saturday night ’s host , joined the " SNL " Trump administration as Trump     and adviser , Jared Kushner , while McCarthy returned as Sean Spicer as the Easter Bunny to give a special Easter apology . ’s host opened Saturday ’s show by walking into the Oval Office as Kushner in a sports jacket ,    vest and sunglasses to find out if he or adviser Steve Bannon    portrayed as the Grim Reaper , would be let go from the White House .   In order to find out which adviser he was going to keep , Alec Baldwin ’s Donald Trump held an elimination in the style of his old reality show , Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump The Apprentice . " Baldwin ’s Trump then said Alec Baldwin’s would Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump able to continue to advise him and would receive $ 100 Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump 000 courtesy of L’Oreal cosmetics , while the other would " have to join Kellyanne Conway in the basement . " Ultimately , Baldwin ’s Trump chose Fallon ’s Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump , Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump ’re such an inspiration , " Baldwin as Trump said . " Alec Baldwin’s Alec Baldwin’s you are born Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump and marry my daughter , you can do anything you want . " Baldwin ’s Trump then let Fallon ’s Kushner sit at " Alec Baldwin’s desk " while Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump sat at Fallon smaller Fallon’s Kushner and played with Fallon’s Kushner in the Oval Office Fallon’s Kushner   Fallon , who did n’t talk during the sketch , then joined Baldwin ’s Trump in saying the show ’s signature    catch phrase Alec Baldwin’s Live Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump . .. It ’s Saturday night ! " But " SNL " was n’t done with the Trump administration the show Later in the episode , the variety show brought out McCarthy ’s press secretary dressed as the Easter Bunny to apologize for the show earlier this week about Hitler and the Holocaust . " You all got your wish this week , Spicy finally made a mistake , " McCarthy ’s Spicer said .   Saturday night was earlier this week just for bringing out big stars but also Spicer time Spicer the long history of " SNL " that the show went live at the same time    . 
 