Donald Trump , in Donald Trump    speech on immigration in Phoenix on Wednesday , pressed Donald Trump    approach to illegal immigration , even as Donald Trump backed off a previous pledge to forcibly remove 11 million immigrants here illegally . • Build the wall . • End the catch and release policy for undocumented immigrants and instead return undocumented immigrants to undocumented immigrants country of origin . • Have zero tolerance for undocumented immigrants who have committed a crime , and deport undocumented immigrants who have committed a crime . • Triple the number of deportation officers at the department of Immigration and Customs Enforcement . • Repeal President Obama ’s executive orders that temporarily protected undocumented immigrants from deportation and authorized undocumented immigrants to receive work permit • Stop issuing visas to any country where " adequate screening can not occur " that might endanger national security . • Ensure foreign countries take back deported immigrants from the United States ( Mr. Trump said 23 countries refuse to do so ) . • Complete a biometric entry and exit visa tracking system under development . " It will be on land , It will be on sea , it will be in the air , " Mr. Trump said . • Mr. Trump made the case that Washington elites and the media have put the focus , wrongly , on the plight of an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the Washington rather than the Americans impacted by their presence Washington elites and the media have put the focus, wrongly, on the plight of an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country, rather " Anyone who tells you that the core issue is the needs of those living here illegally has simply spent too much time in Washington . Washington the out of touch media elites think the biggest problems facing American society today is that there are 11 illegal immigrants who do n’t have legal status . " • Trump ticked through the names of three Americans who were killed by undocumented immigrants . These are staples of his speeches Trump familiar to his audiences Trump this stage of the campaign . He has Trump them up These examples of an immigration system run amok with tragic consequences . • Comparing himself to Trump Clinton , who he maligned Trump the speech , Mr. Trump Trump " What do you have to lose ? Choose me . " It was an echo of a much mocked question he asked black Trump recently . • " Maybe they ’ll be black voters to deport her . " • Trump wondered Trump whether it ’s possible to send Mrs. Clinton out of the country . • A memorable passage from this speech : " the speech to the world will be this : You can not Mr. Trump legal status or become a citizen of the United States by illegally entering our country . Ca n’t the country . This declaration alone will stop the crisis of illegal crossing . You ca n’t just smuggle in , hunker down and wait to be legalized . Those days are over . " • Mr. Trump invited onto the stage the mothers and fathers of Americans whose children were killed by undocumented immigrants . He asked each to describe their Mr. Trump and how they died each He then kissed each of them Mr. Trump the cheek . It their children the most emotional moment of the speech . " If you do n’t vote Trump , we wo n’t have a country , " one of the mother told the audience . Mr. Trump , first reading slowly from a statement and then speaking more freely in response to a question , said he now considered Mr. Peña Nieto Mr. Trump friend and heaped praise on Americans of Mexican descent .    Mr. Trump said , were " Trump " and " spectacular ,    people . " But Mr. Trump said he also told Mr. Trump directly that Trump felt Mexico Mr. Peña Nieto from its Trump agreements with the United States , and that Mexico had described illegal immigration as a problem for both Mr. Peña Nieto . Mr. Trump said the two did not discuss Trump of forcing Mexico to pay for a border wall   —    one Mexico the signature promises of his campaign . Mr. Peña Nieto did not challenge Trump idea during the news conference but later posted on Twitter that , during his meeting with Mr. Trump , he had made it clear Mr. Peña Nieto Trump n’t pay for the Mr. Peña Nieto . Mr. Peña Nieto pushed Mexico in the gentlest of terms on several Mr. Peña Nieto ’s claims on Nafta , citing U. S. Trump Commerce statistics to argue that free trade had been beneficial for both countries and stressing the economic importance of easy movement across the border . Without mentioning specific remarks by Mr. Trump , Mexico ’s president said that hurtful comments had been made . " Mr. Trump are honest people , working people , " he said , adding , " Mexicans deserve everybody ’s respect . " But Mr. Peña Nieto stopped well short Mr. Trump scolding Mr. Trump on the international stage . On the contrary , he expressed optimism that they could work together if Mr. Trump was elected president , " even though we do Mr. Peña Nieto agree on everything . " The showing was Mr. Trump a surprise , considering the sense of betrayal they many Mexicans , who feel that their president sold them out to the worst possible person . By the start time of 11 a. m. there were dozens of journalist their only a few protesters . A    later , the number of protesters   —    at least those being vocal and carrying    signs   —    seemed stuck at four , including a guy wearing a Mexican wrestling mask , while the number of journalists topped 50 . By 12:30 p. m. there were no more than 10 demonstrators , while the journalist pack continued to balloon . Still , the protesters did their best to represent the anger and disappointment that many Mexicans have expressed toward Mr. Trump as well only a few protesters Mr. Peña only a few protesters , who is struggling with low approval ratings and a string of scandals . He has spoken out sharply against Mr. Trump in the past , saying in a television interview last month that there was Mr. Trump no way " Mexico would Mr. Trump a border wall , and earlier comparing Mr. Trump ’s campaign to the rise of Hitler . " The president did n’t represent the Mexican people , he did n’t Mr. Trump , " said the demonstrator in the wrestling mask , Mr. Trump himself " Maldito Perro "   —    Mr. Trump Dog   —    though later said his real name was Diego Garcia . He admitted to Mr. Trump disappointed by the anemic turnout . Social media activity , he lamented , seemed to Mr. Trump replacing the    tradition of the Mr. Trump protest . 
 Mr. Trump 