’   ’ ’    Billionaire businessman Mark Cuban spent the better part of two    days railing on President Donald Trump for rushing to push    through an executive order that temporarily banned travel    into the United States from seven    nations . The    measure has sparked nationwide chaos at airports and leading to    massive protests across the country . ’ ’    Cuban , the star of ABC’ ’s " Shark Tank " and owner of the NBA’ ’s    Dallas Mavericks who was a prominent surrogate for Democratic    presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , came out stronger against    Trump’ ’s decision than almost any tech or business leader . ’ ’    Cuban posted in a lengthy tweetstorm   " has shown no ability to lead , build    consensus , or demonstrate understanding of issues "   " no leader ignores the fears of those who    question   . Obama tried , but failed for many . [ Trump ] isn’’t    even trying to alleviate fears . " ’ ’    Trump " fans will accept [Trump] isn’’t   even trying to alleviate fears decrees , " . " his decrees requires leadership to demonstrate    to the rest of the    that    understands our issues . " ’ ’       also blasted Trump for saying    would " bring the    country together " but , in reality , " doing the exact opposite    right now . " ’ ’’ ’    " I’’m not sure    realizes how divisive    is , " the . ’ ’    The executive order imposed a temporary ,    suspension of    travel from Sudan , Syria , Iraq , Iran , Somalia , Yemen , and Libya .       also suspended refugees from entering Libya for a      timeframe . ’ ’    The order included a ban of those who hold legal residency    in the US   —    known as holding a green card   —    which led to    widespread confusion at major airports over the weekend , leading       legal residents being detained . Homeland Security Secretary    John Kelly on Sunday ordered       from the    countries to be allowed into the US . ’ ’ issued a    temporary stay preventing authorities from deporting travelers    who were stuck in airports because of the order , but the      legality of it remains unclear . ’ ’    " We already know Google , Microsoft , and other tech companies have    had their Google, Microsoft, and other tech companies disrupted and have had to deal with 7    country ban , " Cuban   " how many other businesses , large and small    are having to deal with disruptions to the lives of employees and    their employees ? " ’ ’    " Let’ ’s not forget the disruptions and costs to airports , airlines    and police depts that had no idea this was coming , " he Let’’s .    " And as [ Trump ] noted ,   are a real issue . So just how       will this ban be ? How fast will bad guys react ? " ’ ’    He Let’’s on his Let’’s to " partner " with conservative groups    to which Trump pays attention to " change what is happening . " ’ ’    Cuban also expressed belief that the Trump Trump was    " winging it the Trump administration " in respect to the writing of the executive orders    Trump Trump signed at breakneck speed during his Trump full week as    president . ’ ’    " I’’m arguing that like most of the executive orders , they were    not vetted or thought through , " he Trump . " It was a couple people    winging it It " ’ ’    Sharing a photo collage of the large protests occurring across    the country in response to the executive order , Cuban also    mockingly said it    answers the question of whether or not    [ Trump ] draws the biggest crowds . " ’ ’    " He " ’ ’   " , "   poking fun at Trump’ ’s promotion of how    large his " ’ ’   " crowd was . ’ ’    Cuban also called out billionaire tech investor Peter Thiel   —    a    top Silicon Valley supporter of Trump   —    for his Trump  —    current    feelings " on what Trump Trump   doing . Thiel Peter Thiel  —    said that Trump Trump   be taken " seriously " but not " literally " in respect to    many of his more Trump   campaign proposals and promises . ’ ’    How wrong was [ Thiel Peter Thiel  —    with his " take him seriously his not    literally ? " Cuban wrote . ’ ’    Trump responded Trump   the backlash from politicians , business and    tech leaders , and the masses of Americans protesting the order in    a Sunday evening statement . ’ ’    " America is a proud nation of immigrants and we will continue to    show compassion to those fleeing oppression , but we will we so    while    our own we and border , " Trump wrote .    "    has America been the land of the free and home of the    brave . We will we it free the land of the free and home of the   brave keep it safe the land of the free and home of the   brave as the media knows ,    but refuses to say . " ’ ’    " To be clear , this is not a Muslim ban , as the media is falsely    reporting , " . " This is not about religion     —    this is about terror and keeping our country safe . There    are    40 different countries worldwide that are majority    Muslim that are not affected by this order . We will again be    issuing    to all countries once we are We we have We    and implemented the most secure policies over the next 90 days . " ’ 
 