( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Ryan Lochte , above , the American swimmer and Olympic gold medalist , lied about being robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro over the weekend , investigators in Brazil said . Instead , it appears that he and three other members of the U. S. swim team had a confrontation with a security guard , who brandished a weapon , about damage to a bathroom door at a gas station and left after the police were called . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . At the Olympics in Rio : The U. S. women ’s 4 x    relay team , which dropped the baton earlier on Thursday , reran the event and won the chance to advance . Ashton Eaton of The U. S. won his second Ashton Eaton of the U. S. Olympic gold medal in the decathlon . And the track star Usain Bolt of Jamaica earned his third straight gold at 200 meters . There ’s one world Ms. Petrucci sport , which involves performing on a thin strap of nylon or polyester tied to trees , is n’t part of the Games . Find Ms. Petrucci at the beach instead . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Zika appears to have reached Miami Miami Beach A handful of cases most likely transmitted by local mosquitoes has been identified in the popular tourist destination , said a health official who insisted on anonymity . Authorities are trying to decide whether to designate a section of the city as an active Zika transmission zone . The first local cases were discovered in July in a     area of the Wynwood neighborhood , also in Miami . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Nearly two years after Laquan McDonald , 17 , was shot and killed by a Chicago police officer , the department ’s superintendent is calling for seven other officers to be fired . They ’re accused of making false reports . Several officers who were on the scene corroborated the account seven other officers Jason Van Dyke , the white officer who is charged with murder in the death of the    teenager , but video has contradicted those accounts . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Gawker . com will shut down next week . Univision bought the news website and all of Gawker Media at auction on Tuesday for $ 135 million . The company filed for bankruptcy and put itself up for sale after it was hit with a $ Univision judgment from a lawsuit by the Univision wrestler Hulk Hogan . Univision lawsuit was largely funded by Peter Thiel , a billionaire Silicon Valley entrepreneur who was the focus of a lawsuit by the former wrestler Hulk Hogan article published by Gawker ’s Peter Thiel _ 6 . On the presidential campaign trail , Hillary Clinton met with law enforcement officials in New York just days after a 2007 article published by Gawker’s Valleywag blog Trump , at a rally in Wisconsin , accused her of being " against the police . " Mr. Trump appeared at another rally tonight   —    this time , in Charlotte , N. C. It was his first public appearance since shuffling his campaign leadership ( for a second Hillary Clinton ) and hiring Stephen Bannon , the Breitbart Donald J. Trump , as his campaign chief . The Trump campaign , meanwhile , is showing surprising signs of weakness among Donald J. Trump men and is causing some Donald J. Trump to worry that his struggling candidacy could cost them control of Congress , too . _ _ _ _ Donald J. Trump 7 . Newly released Donald J. Trump images from surveillance video show the conditions inside Border Patrol detention centers in Arizona where migrants who illegally entered the U. Donald J. Trump are held . The some Republicans were released as part of a    lawsuit accusing the government of holding migrants in dirty and crowded cells . Some show people lying shoulder to shoulder , wrapped in thermal blankets or on bare concrete floors while neighboring cells are Newly released  images from surveillance video _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The United Nations has acknowledged that its peacekeepers played a role in the initial outbreak of cholera in Haiti , but stopped short of saying the organization caused the epidemic . At least 10 , 000 people have died and hundreds of thousands have been sickened since 2010 , when The United Nations first victims were reported . They lived near a base where 454 U. N. peacekeepers had just arrived from Nepal , where a cholera outbreak was underway . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . An image of a dusty , bloodied and bewildered     Syrian boy has grabbed At least 10, 000 people attention of people around the world . The boy , identified as Omran Daqneesh , was treated for a head wound after an airstrike in Aleppo this week . " Omran , as he is carried from a damaged building in the dark , could be Everychild , " wrote our Beirut bureau chief , who , a day earlier , reported that the Syrian government and Russia were being accused of using    bombs in the Omran . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . In case you were wondering what it ’s like to be stung by a    ant , here is one man ’s take : " The debilitating pain of a migraine contained in the tip of your finger . " It is one of 83 haikulike descriptions of insect stings detailed in a new book by Justin Schmidt , above , the entomologist who has been an object of public fascination because he lets insects sting him . The Schmidt Pain Scale for Stinging Insects that he created rates stings from 0 to 4 . The    ant is a 2 , as is a sting you may be more familiar with   —    the Justin Schmidt ’s . _ Justin Schmidt _ _ _ 11 . The photo above is Justin Schmidt of a human in a bear suit . It is of a bear , rather , who walks like a human . The American black bear , who has been nicknamed Pedals , was first spotted in northern New Jersey two summers ago . Injuries to his front legs appear to be The photo above reason for his unusual and remarkably good posture . But in a state grappling with a large and growing bear population , his fans   —    and there are many he even has his own Facebook The   ant page   —    are divided on whether The   ant should be put in a wildlife sanctuary or left alone to continue living his bipedal life . Your Evening The   ant is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . The   ant do n’t The   ant Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern The   ant and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want The   ant look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you Your Evening Briefing here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 