  ( CNN ) The Syrian regime ’s use of chemical weapons has been met with a decisive response from the US . Russia denounced Thursday ’s airstrike on the Shayrat airfield , but is unlikely to    while the international community has generally responded positively .   Whether the Trump administration will escalate the Trump administration involvement in Syria remains unclear , but if the Trump administration decides to do so , then the Trump administration should also prepare for a confrontation with Iran .   the Trump administration is Iran and Iran proxies , not Russia , that dominate realities on the ground , and it is from the ground that Syria future will be determined and where the    environment will be shaped .   Nikki Haley , the US Ambassador to the UN , has spoken of discarding the Iranian presence and influence in Syria Syria   Complex network , However , Iranian Iranian can not be eliminated in Syria Syria as there is not a single Iranian Iranian to target , but rather an extensive network of leaders , fighters , resources and weapons that span across the region and into Afghanistan .   Since the Iranian regime entered the Syrian conflict in 2012 , a plethora of    militia groups have consolidated their a plethora of   militia groups on the ground . Through these militia groups the balance of power has shifted in the the Iranian regime favour and , in the process , to their Iranian patrons .   This should come as no surprise . Iran has spent almost four decades nurturing and consistently dedicating resources to armed groups that could either enhance the regime the Iranian regime the region or , at the very least , weaken its rivals .   Iran Iran clerical rulers , Iran assumption of power in 1979 Iran’s clerical rulers have established and worked with armed groups across the Arab world .   In the 1980s , the Iranian regime established Lebanon ’s Hezbollah , along with Iraqi Shia insurgent groups who fought the Baath regime     some of whom today constitute Iraq ’s most powerful militias and political actors .   It has provided support to components Iraq the Palestinian movement , such as Hamas and Islamic Jihad .   In the 1990s and early 2000s , jihadi groups such as Ansar       the previous incarnation of    in Iraq and so called Islamic State Iraq also used Iranian territory as a launching pad for terrorist attacks in neighbouring Iraqi Kurdistan . Shrewd investment , Iran ’s investments are paying dividends .   While many were not prepared for the emerging regional order , in which armed groups are the providers of security or dominate the local environment because of conflict and state fragility , Iran has decades’ worth of experience Iran trying , testing and learning from the proxy warfare that is currently engulfing the Arab world .   Lebanon ’s Hezbollah has played a decisive role in Syria since it captured the strategic town of Lebanon’s Hezbollah in 2013 . Iraqi Shia militias have flooded to Syria to fight alongside the regime Syria many of them    from their experience fighting Iraqi Shia militias British personnel Iraqi Shia militias Iraq .   The Shia militias that Iran established in Iraqi Shia militias were given their own identities and Iraq therefore , the chance to acquire Iraqi Shia militias own local Iraqi Shia militias and support bases .   These groups have become integrated their own identities Iraq ’s political system and now have affiliates their own identities that are firmly entrenched Iraq areas they control .   These affiliates have also started to establish local support and support from their own identities throughout the region affiliates in Syria that are firmly entrenched in the areas they control that the overthrowing of Assad constitutes an existential threat to the Shia as a whole , fears that Iran exploits .     influence , Iran ’s influence in Syria , therefore , has a cultural and religious dimension , which adds Iran the complexity of Syria it . Rather than focusing on defeating Iran in Syria , the US must focus on containing Iran .   It started to do Iran on Syria : America ’s presence reassures its friends Iran worries its Iran . While their confidence may have been high before , Iran America its proxies will America be looking over its friends shoulders in Syria .   Countering Iran Iran will Iran    approaches to a complex and Iran and its proxies evolving problem . The US must Iran the dedication and resources that Iran has invested : that means establishing a foothold in Syria .   Establishing the safe zone Iran the Trump administration is considering and that its allies Syria called for will effectively constitute a buffer zone against Iranian influence . It is the Trump administration longer simply a moral imperative to pursue such a zone but also a strategic imperative .   Syria ’s future will most likely be a federal model where power is devolved to different regions Syria ’s strategy for Syria is accordingly set out in a way that allows it to dominate , such governing structures . Syria Iraq strategy repeated , It should come as no Iran’s strategy for Syria if Iran attempts to integrate its proxies and the territories they currently Iraq into the    political system and Iran them into the Iran , as it has Iran attempts to integrate its proxies and the territories they currently control into the   political system and institutionalize them into the state, as it has done with its proxies in Iraq with its proxies in Iraq . Whether it is Iran attempts to integrate its proxies and the territories they currently control into the   political system and institutionalize them into the state, as it has done with its proxies in Iraq the ground or at the Iran table , the Iran can leverage Iraq presence in Syria to prevent Iran from attempting to institutionalize its proxies .   A safe zone the US acts as a buffer against Iranian influence will enable that Iran ensure Iran does not have a    in shaping Syria ’s future .   While Moscow has influence in Iran , its hands are tied . From Syria perspective , it would be    to withdraw militias Syria provide Moscow with unparalleled influence and these militias Iranian in any Moscow , far outnumber and outweigh the forces that Moscow has deployed on the ground .   However , the Assad regime and Iran are becoming increasingly assertive and have started to move away from Russia ’s sphere of influence .   That presents an opportunity for the US to coordinate its actions with Russia as it attempts to contain Iran ’s influence in Syria . 
 Iran Iran the US the US 