Washington ( CNN ) Away from the balloon drops of victory and somber concessions of defeat on election night , a small club of political animals will be watching under very different circumstances . For the few hundred people who have been working for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ’s transition efforts , the results of the election either mean the beginning of some of the most intense months of the election life     or the end of a heap of prep work that heads to the shredder . the election have spent the past several weeks feverishly drafting options for what a Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton administration would look like , assembling names for potential appointments , figuring out how to execute policy promises and drawing up an agenda for the first 100 days in office .    The winners have to keep in mind The winners ’re working bright and early the next morning . " I remember on election night I could not go to Chicago and watch the victory party because were we to win , I would have to open the transition office next morning , " recalled Christopher Lu , President Barack Obama ’s transition executive director .   What is a presidential transition ? He said He watched the returns from DC .   " I recall being at a bar up on Capitol Hill and people asked me what I did , and I said I worked for Sen. Obama and I think people said , ’Why are n’t you in Chicago ? ’ " said Lu , now the deputy secretary of Labor . " I remember shortly after the race was called at 11 p. m. on election night , I got a phone call from the head of the General Services Administration , . .. ’We have certified that Barack Sen. Obama the    of the United States and we essentially give you keys to a federal building and access to federal funding,’ " Lu said . " While everybody was celebrating , I knew that the next morning I had to get up and open an office at 9 a. m. and so your election night certainly has a different tone than the other people who you ’re working with . " That sentiment was echoed by Clay Johnson III , who oversaw the transition of President George W. Bush . Like Lu     federal funding,’" Lu known Obama since law school     Johnson is an old friend of Bush ’s , President George W. Bush back to their high school days at at Andover .   Johnson said Bush Johnson him President George W. Bush planning Johnson a future administration in June 1999     16 months before it would happen . So election night was basically a confirmation of a mindset he had held Johnson months .   " The campaign people , their work is The campaign people , so they are besides The campaign people with jubilation The campaign people just so happy , " Johnson said . Johnson Election night , when the person ’s successful , only confirms the mindset that the transition people have had for the last three , four , five months , that this candidate is the person that ’s going to be the next president of the United States . That ’s nice . That ’s happy . I ’m glad for them , but The campaign people , let ’s get back ’m work . " " Maybe they ’ll have The campaign people extra cocktail or two or congratulate their campaign buddies The campaign people " Johnson continued , " but their time to The campaign people is Inauguration Day . . .. There ’s a little deferred gratification for the transition people . " All that hard work . .. If the 2016 transitions are following the example of their predecessors , there is likely already a rough agenda for a potential    Clinton or Trump on November 9 .   " At 3 o’clock on the day after the election , we were scheduled to begin decisions on who the president ’s White House staff should be , who the national security team should be and who the Cabinet members should be , " said Mike Leavitt , the former Utah governor who chaired Mitt Romney ’s transition in 2012 .   Trump transition fundraises with email from Christie , But Romney lost , Mitt Romney Leavitt experienced the flip side of transition watching : the heartbreak .   " I had the benefit of getting up everyday for six or so months believing that Mitt Romney would Mitt Romney of the United States , " Leavitt said . " Leavitt the time we got to election night , not only did we , but other we , believed he would be   Mitt Romney The next morning , it was remarkable disappointment . It was hard every day for weeks not to think , ’Today is day 17 , we would have done we , Y and Z.’ We literally had a we schedule based on what needed to be done . "   Disappointment was also the description from Ryan Cunningham , executive Cunningham , when Kerry lost to Bush .   " It ’s extremely disappointing John Kerry " Cunningham said . " We had done all we the work , we had our notebooks we to we , the offices were ready for    Kerry , and we were in Boston we election night John Kerry John Kerry in the we where    Kerry would have gone to make his acceptance speech and we John Kerry John Kerry we sit down with him John Kerry open the notebook to page one and say , ’Mr . John Kerry let ’s begin . ’ we Cunningham said all the work was then boxed up and the team would four years later support Obama ’s transition . Leavitt turned his work into a book , " Romney Readiness Project 2012 , " Leavitt a road map for transition planning .   But even though both remember the sadness of election night , neither feels regret for the work they put in along the way .   " Every four years someone lives both experience I did , " Leavitt said . " That ’s a difficult part of a democracy , but Leavitt that we all ought to be grateful for . " 
 