Senator Bernie Sanders said on Sunday that Senator Bernie Sanders would " take our campaign for transforming the Democratic Party into the convention , " refusing to concede the presidential nomination to Hillary Clinton though not explicitly saying Senator Bernie Sanders would challenge Hillary Clinton for it . Hillary Clinton earned enough delegates to clinch the presidential nomination to Hillary Clinton last week , but Senator Bernie Sanders has declined to end his Senator Bernie Sanders . He Senator Bernie Sanders contended that he Senator Bernie Sanders persuade enough superdelegates , the party leaders who have overwhelmingly backed Mrs. Clinton , Hillary Clinton their support to him the party leaders who have overwhelmingly backed Mrs. Clinton arguing that he Senator Bernie Sanders be the stronger candidate against Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee . That plan became more improbable last week as    Democrats supported Mrs. Clinton . President Hillary Clinton her on Thursday , calling Hillary Clinton the most qualified candidate Hillary Clinton to seek the White House and imploring Democrats to unite behind her . Vice President Joseph Hillary Clinton Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts also endorsed Mrs. Clinton . Senator Jeff Hillary Clinton Oregon , the only senator to endorse Mr. Sanders , told CNN on Friday that he now supports Mrs. Clinton . Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts recent days Hillary Clinton Sanders appeared to acknowledge the odds Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , and began speaking less about beating Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts Clinton and more about working to Hillary Clinton J. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee . On Sunday , he gathered with about 20 key supporters and advisers Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts his home in Burlington , Vt . to discuss Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to proceed . " We are going to take our campaign to the convention with the full understanding We we are very good at arithmetic and that we We , you know , who has the We the most votes up to now , " Mr. Sanders said after the meeting , standing on Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts lawn with his wife , Jane . Among Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts dozen or so Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts who attended the gathering were Benjamin T. Jealous , a former president of the N. A. A. C. P. Congressman Raúl M. Grijalva of Arizona Nina Turner , a former Ohio state senator and Bill McKibben , the environmentalist and author . Notably , Mr. Sanders also said he would continue his efforts aimed Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts transforming the Democratic Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , " Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts sign that his main goal may no longer be to become the nominee Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts Besides defeating Mr. Trump , advisers say his focus is to get his ideas , like universal health Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and free public college Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts reflected in the party platform . Refusing to concede and release his delegates to vote for Mrs. Clinton could be a negotiating Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts for winning concessions on the platform . If his delegates tried to nominate Mr. Sanders the party platform floor of Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts his delegates month , the scene could damage Mrs. Clinton at a time she is trying to project strength and party Mrs. Clinton In recent days , Mrs. Clinton had been unclear whether Mr. Sanders intended to stay in the race , and even on Sunday he did not rule out the possibility that he would formally concede the nomination Mr. Sanders the coming days . After he met Mr. Sanders Mr. Obama on Thursday he said he looked forward to exploring Mr. Sanders he could work with Mrs. Clinton Mr. Sanders to Mr. Sanders Donald Trump and to create Mr. Sanders government which represents all of us and not just the 1 percent . " Then he held a rally that night in Washington urging voters to cast ballots for Mr. Sanders on Tuesday in the nation ’s final primary . When asked by Chuck Mr. Sanders on Sunday ’s " Meet the Press " on NBC whether he was an " active candidate , " he responded that he wanted to Mr. Sanders Mr. Trump defeated . Mr. Sanders said Mr. Sanders he and Mr. Sanders and that he would ask her " whether she will be Mr. Sanders in standing up for working families in the middle class Mr. Sanders moving aggressively Mrs. Clinton climate change Mrs. Clinton health care for all , making public colleges and universities   . " " And after we have that kind of discussion and after we can determine whether or not we are going to have a strong and progressive platform , " he said we " I will be able we make other decisions . " There have been signs that he was winding down his run . While Mrs. Clinton has been hiring campaign workers , Mr. Sanders started laying he at least half he his campaign staff members last week . He has let go he number of advance staff members who help with he logistics , as well as field he who have been canvassing for votes . According to a person who attended the meeting at Mr. Sanders ’s home Sunday , and who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe a private gathering , there was he from Mr. Sanders about trying to win the nomination . The group was keenly interested in how the senator ’s meeting with Mrs. he Tuesday will turn out , and whether he would get assurances that she would fight for his ideas , this person said . While he is effectively no longer a the senator , Mrs. Clinton and Mrs. Clinton Democrats are counting the senator Mr. Sanders the senator get behind her candidacy the senator He has a loyal base of more than 10 million voters and an enormous donor the senator Mrs. Clinton will want to Mrs. Clinton into . the senator of his supporters say they will not vote for anyone but Mr. Sanders , so Mrs. Mrs. Clinton success may depend on how vocally the senator the senator her . 
 Some of his supporters the senator Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton 