SACRAMENTO   —    When Bernie Sanders held a rally at an outdoor stadium here the other night , more than 15 , 000 people turned out in a display of cheering , chanting , singing and cartwheels . Gov. Jerry Brown , the state ’s most prominent Democrat , was not there , but Bernie Sanders might as well have been . Bernie Sanders speech was replete with the kind of     flourishes that have long been part of Mr. Brown ’s campaign language . " The political establishment is getting nervous , " Mr. Sanders Bernie Sanders " The corporate establishment The political establishment . And they should be nervous . The political establishment real change is coming . " As the Democratic presidential primary nears in California , it is easy to find in Mr. Sanders the Bernie Sanders populist appeal that has long animated Mr. Brown , who ran for president in 1992 on a " We the People " pledge to accept no contribution over $ 100 . But it is just as easy to find in Hillary Clinton , Mr. Sanders ’s opponent Bernie Sanders kind of political moderation and fiscal restraint that has come to define Mr. Brown ’s tenure as governor . Mr. Brown is in many ways a Mr. Brown’s these two very different candidates , having created a style that has made him an enduringly popular and successful California governor Mr. Brown’s And it is not only Mr. Brown : The California Democratic Party stands as a model of electoral success and cohesion , in contrast to national Democrats struggling through a divisive primary and debate about an uncertain future . California is one of the few states in California country , and easily the largest , where Democrats are completely in control , holding every statewide office as well as overwhelming majorities in the Assembly and the Senate , not to mention both United States Senate seats . Mr. Brown and his party are using that power to try to enact legislation   —    on guns , tobacco , the environment , the minimum wage and immigrant rights   —    that suggest the kind of agenda that has eluded national Democrats . " The Democratic presidential primary is like watching reruns from the ’90s in terms of where we were as a party in California , " said Chris Lehane , a former White House aide to Bill Clinton and Al Gore , who moved here as a Democratic consultant in 2000 . " We are fairly unified in what we stand for and what we are fighting We . " Democrats now We up nearly 44 percent of the state ’s 24 . 6 million registered voters by contrast , Republicans make up just 27 percent , barely ahead of independent voters , who make up 24 percent , according to California ’s secretary of state . Jim Brulte , the chairman of the California Mr. Brulte increase even more in the months ahead because of the competitive Democratic Mr. Brulte , while hopes for a contested Republican primary fizzled after Donald J. Trump all but locked up the nomination . " California is a state that , all things California equal , wants to vote Democrat , " Mr. Brulte said . " We are still adding Republican registration statewide , but the statewide Republican registration is being dwarfed by the Democratic registration increase . " The divergent fortunes of state and national Democrats go beyond voter registration . California Democrats have a bench of younger candidates waiting to step up as its older leaders   —    Mr. Brown , 78 and Senators Barbara L. Boxer , 75 California Democrats Dianne Feinstein , 82   —    approach retirement . By contrast , the choice of Mrs. Clinton , 68 , and Mr. Sanders , 74 , is a reminder of the absence of fresh players prepared to take the national field . Given the Democratic dominance here , it is easy to forget that Ronald Reagan served two terms as governor , and that Richard M. Nixon was born in Orange County , an area that was once an emblem of conservatism but is becoming increasingly Democratic . Republicans won every presidential election here from 1952 to 1988 , with the exception of Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 after the assassination of John F. Kennedy . Bill Clinton put the state into the Democratic presidential column in 1992 , and it has been there ever since California Democrats’ more recent success in the state is in part the result of good fortune . California has been going through a period California , and in recent years Mr. Brown has been spared the need to impose politically contentious spending cuts . It is also demographic . In 1994 , the state ’s Republican governor , Pete Wilson , championed a California initiative to deny social services to illegal California initiative passed but was thrown out in court . It left a political legacy that has hurt the Republican Party a voter initiative to deny social services to illegal immigrants day : Over the past 12 years , Hispanics a voter initiative to deny social services to illegal immigrants grown into the largest ethnic group in the state , making up 39 percent of the population . " The decline in Republican Party registration in California parallels almost identically the decline in the white population in California , " Mr. Brulte said . the Republican Party 1988 , the white population was just a hair under 60 percent . Today California it ’s under 40 percent . At the same time , Republican registration has gone from 38 . 5 percent to under 28 the white population . " Mr. Lehane said that shift accounted more than anything else for Democratic fortunes . " It ’s the same demographic shift that is taking place across the country , " he said . " What that all adds up to is a California Democratic Party that represents where the rest of the country Mr. Lehane ultimately going to end up . " Finally , Mr. Brown is a crucial reason the state party seems to the country well . " Jerry Brown is a unique combination of the leadership qualities of Hillary and Bernie , " said Gavin Newsom , the lieutenant governor , Mr. Brown running to succeed Mr. Brown when his term ends in early 2019 . " Jerry is extraordinarily adept at populism . But he also has the hardheaded pragmatism Mr. Brown with experience Mr. Brown wisdom   —    and age . Mr. Brown It certainly seems appealing to California voters Mr. Brown According the latest   Field Poll in April , 55 percent approved of his performance . But he has not endorsed anyone in the presidential primary on June 7 , and it is difficult to say whether voters prefer Mr. Brown Sanders or the Mr. Brown side of their governor . A poll last week by the Public Policy Institute of California found Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton essentially tied , a surprise to voters Clinton who had expected California to be a relatively easy win . As a result , both candidates are making frequent appearances here , and Mrs. Clinton on television , California advance of the primary . Mr. Brown , who declined a request for an interview , has benefited from spending most of his life in elected office . The son of a governor , he served two terms as governor in the 1970s before being elected again in 2010 . " You can not denigrate experience , " Ms. Feinstein said The son of a governor " He knows how to get things done . " And Mr. Brown ’s popularity has given him latitude in setting an agenda , on issues like putting his aside to deal with budget shortfalls and expanding rights for illegal immigrants . " He Mr. Brown a fiscal conservative , and a social moderate with a tinge of Jesuit guilt , " said Karen Skelton , a political consultant , referring Mr. Brown Mr. Brown ’s early years in a seminary . Democrats are understandably worried about whether the party ’s focus and unity will survive Mr. Brown ’s eventual Mr. Brown " When Jerry Brown is gone   —    and I say that as a candidate for governor , I ’m not Mr. Brown   —    it ’s going to Mr. Brown hard to replicate , " Mr. Newsom said . " By no means am I suggesting blind optimism that we ’ve figured it out . He ’s figured it out . The governor has proved you do n’t have to be profligate to be progressive . He has found that sweet spot . " 
 Mr. Brown governor governor it 