’   ’ "    It did n’t take even 48 hours for an online conspiracy theory to    make    way from the    of the WikiLeaks Twitter    account to the primetime airwaves on Fox News and top    conservative radio programs . " "    On Tuesday , WikiLeaks released a batch of apparent CIA documents    describing the agency ’s extensive cybersecurity and hacking    capabilities , which appear to allow agents to hack into a    variety of smart ,    devices . " ’    And as WikiLeaks began promoting    most interesting    documents , a conspiracy theory was born . ’ "    a conspiracy theory appeared to first emerge on WikiLeaks’ Twitter    account about an hour after the group released the Vault 7    documents . WikiLeaks highlighted the alleged abilities for CIA    hackers to leave behind trails that resemble other hackers . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tCIA steals other groups virus and malware facilitating false flag attacks     ’ "    Readers quickly jumped on the tweet , leaping to the    conclusion that perhaps the CIA    be responsible for the hack and release of private    emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary    Clinton ’s former campaign chair John Podesta ’s email account . " ’ ’ ’   Meaning the CIA CIA framed the Russians for the   and      ’ ’   CIA could hack CIA DNC and make it look like Russia . Leaks may be different incident    ’ "    There are numerous reports in media outlets from The New York    Times to   showing in detail Russia ’s meddling Russia the 2016    election , including the hack and release of DNC and Podesta    emails . Numerous US intelligence and law enforcement    agencies have all . " ’    Further , The Intercept on Wednesday   that the CIA program   —    called UMBRAGE   —    seems    primarily used a as a shortcut tool for writing code , and    does not mention any ways to create a " false flag " operation .    Instead ,    Intercept reported , the tools for the CIA to hide    their tracks appear to be routine security procedures that    would be    by professional hackers . ’ "    But this information did n’t stop the theory from picking    up steam among many prominent online supporters of President    Donald Trump , including    figures like radio host Bill    Mitchell and Ann Coulter . " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tRussia said they hacked nothing ’ "   But this information didn’t stop the theory from picking   up steam among many prominent online supporters of President   Donald Trump, including   figures like radio host Bill   Mitchell and Ann Coulter   Assange said Russia didn’’t provide the emails .   Now we learn CIA can make a hack " look " like Russia . ’t’t’ Russia ’t’t’tWikileaks docs show CIA hacking can CIA Russian fingerprints . Say . .. you ’d do n’t think . .. ’t’t " ’    The theory spread so fast conservative radio giant Rush Limbaugh    had time to tout it on his The theory on so fast conservative radio giant Rush Limbaugh    7 , when he denied Trump so fast conservative radio giant Rush Limbaugh    had any Russian campaign ties Russian Russia . ’ Russia    " The CIA has CIA to hack anybody they want and make CIA    look like the Russians are doing it or make it look like the    ChiComs are doing it or make it look like the Israelis are doing    it , " Limbaugh said , using a slang term for Chinese communists . ’ ’    He continued : " Limbaugh have the ability to mask and mock various    other state actors and make it look like   —    so I think because of    everything that we ’re learning here , the danger that Donald Trump    has faced ever since he won the election Donald Trump    greater than we ’ve    ever known . And it is obvious to me that this whole ’m   —      well , I say obvious , I ’m leaning toward being near certain that    this entire pretext of Trump working with the Donald Trump    to affect    the outcome of the election , folks the election is so ridiculous . " ’ "      sites were n’t the only ones spreading the theory . " ’    It was picked up by Russian    English media outlets    like Sputnik ,   " " accusations that    Russia hacked the election , linking to the election   of    sarcasm and memes " about    CIA’ ’s capabilities . ’ ’    Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov again   Russia’ ’s involvement in the 2016 election hacking ,    pointing to the WikiLeaks documents on Thursday and    noting " the CIA could    access to such ’’ fingerprints ’’ and    then use them . " ’ ’   such ’’fingerprints ’    But it breached fully into the mainstream when Fox News    host Sean Hannity floated the idea on Wednesday ,   . ’ ’    " The CIA , according to these the CIA , uses stolen malware    to attribute cyberattacks to nations like Russia , " Hannity told    radio listeners . " Sean Hannity other    , what they’’re saying is the CIA    can actually blame Russia the CIA the CIA an American , because Russia they’’ll put their fingerprints all over the attack . Meanwhile it   they’’ll came from within an attack on an American ’ ’    He added : " Well , did that happen in    case or do you think    Hannity’ ’s really paranoid right now , losing his    ?    Maybe I’’m not so paranoid . Hannity’ ’    Despite Fox News ’’     Tuesday’ ’s theory made its television debut during Hannity’ ’s    primetime Fox News show ’s theory Wednesday , when Hannity’ asked several    Fox News the theory , citing   titled " WikiLeaks : CIA Uses ’’ ’s theory    Malware To ’’ Attribute ’’ Cyberattacks To Nations Like Russia . " ’ "    Former National Security Agency whistleblower William Binney , who    quit the NSA over a decade ago amid distaste with the agency ’s    surveillance program , said it was possible for the National Security Agency    carry out the act described by conspiracy theorists , CIA    little evidence    support his claim . " ’    Retired Army Lietenant Colonel    Schaffer , a      has   and   in the past , took it a step    further , claiming he had unnamed sources described the conspiracy    to him .    ’    " Retired Army Lietenant Colonel Anthony Schaffer, a  who has  and  in the past , we did it . Not me , Retired Army Lietenant Colonel Anthony Schaffer, a  who has  and  in the past our guys , former members of NSA ,    retired intelligence officers used these tools to break in there    and get the information out . That ’s what the Democrats do n’t want    to talk about because it does n’t fit their narrative , " Shaffer       . ’ ’       You’’re telling me the Democrats whole Russian story that the media has    been running with for months and months and months   —    that it       our people that did it , and they put the fingerprints of the    Russians on it ? " Hannity asked . our people that did it ’    " That’ ’s right , " it said . ’ ’    " Do you have proof of that ? " Hannity asked . ’ ’    " I don’’t have proof of that , " Hannity replied . ’ "    For now , it seems commentators feel confident supporting Shaffer    theory , even if there ’s no evidence to support the charges . " ’    " I consider the idea the CIA faked Russian evidence to be MORE    plausible than a sophisticated    of      using an off the shelf and easily detected dimestore hack , don’’t    you ? " Mitchell asked Business Insider when asked about the lack    of concrete evidence on Thursday . ’ ’    He Thursday : " The whole concept of ’ ’    can be misleading .    Clearly Mitchell if the CIA did CIA CIA would be careful not to leave    " evidence . " Regardless , thoughtful men could look the CIA did this the facts we    do know and consider their ’’ planting drugs in Russia’ ’s trunk ’’ on    the thoughtful men hack to be DNC . thoughtful men ’ ’    Hannity , who did not immediately    a request for comment ’ ’    critics on his Thursday radio show : " ’’ Hannity you’’ve    become a conspiracy theorist ! ’’ No , I’’ve become    realist , " he    said .   ’ ’   ’ "    Attempts by top former campaign figures to downplay the I’’ve campaign ’s relationship with Russia have raised suspicion Russia    intelligence officials about the nature of the ties . " "    As law enforcement officials continue to probe Russia ’s    involvement Russia the election , Trump associates like national the election representative   advisor Carter Page ,   and current Attorney General Jeff    Sessions have all altered their stories about contact with    Russian officials during the campaign . " ’    Indeed ,   have noted    the argumentative consistency on numerous    topics between Russian    media outlets and      US sources like Breitbart , the Drudge Report ,    and Hannity    ’ ’ Russian    There are powerful parallels between the Russian narrative and    things being said    CIA Hannity Michael Hayden   in an interview this week . ’ " Russian The spectre of last summer ’s leaks still CIA over many current    and former DNC staffers . " "    The hack embarrassed many top staffers , exposing some staffers’    distaste for Sen. Bernie Sanders’ campaign , and forcing    resignation of many top staffers . " ’    Many of the remaining staffers felt targeted , saying they    experienced       the incident . ’ ’    " It was a campaign that I’’ve never experienced before , and " ’   Many of the remaining staffers       ’ ’    my belt . When I assumed the    chair role , I I’’ve , ’’ Well , this will only    a couple months    out of my life , and I’’ll go back to being Donna . ’’ But it    transformed me , " former DNC chair Donna Brazile . ’ ’    " I’’ve never gone up against a foreign military intelligence    unit    " Brazile said . " I don’’t think no campaign manager , no one    in my position has ever had to fight the weaponization of    former DNC chair Donna Brazile , to have your files corrupted and then to be used    as a form of weaponization to sew discord . " ’ "    This is n’t the first time that WikiLeaks has inspired and stoked    a conspiracy theory about the DNC hacks . " "    Last August , the organization   for information about Seth Rich , a DNC    staffer shot while walking home last July . While online    conspiracy theorists speculated that his death was connected to    the DNC hack , Washington ’s MPD spokesperson told Business Insider    at the time that there was no evidence connecting Rich ’s death to    his work at the DNC . " " Business Insider even 48 hours for an online . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
    