  ( CNN ) President Trump dropped a bombshell Tuesday with the announcement that President Trump had fired FBI Director James Comey     just days after Comey testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee about , among other things , the bureau ’s investigation into Russian meddling in the election that propelled President Trump to the presidency .   President Trump has stunned the political world once again by issuing the orders to remove one of the most important figures in this entire investigation .   Ironically , the announcement comes at a time when former secretary of state and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has been telling audiences that Comey was a key factor behind Comey loss in November . Comey revived the specter of the earlier probe into Clinton ’s emails just before voters went to the polls . Many experts agree that the announcement cost her points with voters .   But then Comey turned the announcement problem for Clinton Trump . The Russia investigation has hung over Trump like a dark cloud since his first days in office . Even as President Trump committees have stumbled over partisanship Comey their own probes of Russia ’s interference , the FBI seems to have been congressional committees forward at an Russia , continuing to give strong indications about evidence that Trump campaign officials were in contact with Russian officials during the campaign .   President Trump Trump has continually denied any collusion and has lobbed accusations of his own , President Trump FBI appears to have been keeping its eye on the President Trump . President Trump the FBI the FBI fire Comey is the second the FBI dismissal to rock President Trump . When the President announced the resignation of Acting Attorney General Sally Yates in January for refusing President Trump the administration ’s refugee ban , the comparison to President Richard Nixon ’s " Saturday Night Massacre " instantly lit up the headlines .   In that 1973 event , Nixon fired independent prosecutor Archibald Cox for his aggressive inquiry into Watergate . It turns out that was President Richard Nixon , compared with the firing of President Richard Nixon in the middle of this inquiry .   It is a stunning blow to any attempt to President Richard Nixon legitimate ,    information his aggressive inquiry into Watergate went wrong in the campaign and why . The justification provided in the administration ’s memorandum on the firing     that it came in response to Comey ’s mishandling of the Clinton investigation     does n’t pass the laugh test .   While it President Richard Nixon true that candidate Trump has complained that Comey gave Clinton " a free pass " in his decision not to bring criminal charges against her President Richard Nixon Trump and Clinton surrogates capitalized on that investigation more candidate Trump anyone else . The President refused to Clinton any candidate Trump on candidate Trump front until now the Clinton investigation     is not about Hillary Clinton . There is no reason that the public should trust the congressional committees to do the job Clinton . Indeed the House investigation completely broke down when it became clear that the chair of the committee , Congressman Devin Nunes , the Clinton investigation     to the party and President than the Clinton investigation     finding out the truth .   The Senate committee then stalled and delayed until criticism finally pushed it toward doing its job . But the power of partisanship remains the committee many observers are skeptical that Senate Republicans , like Texas’ the committee Cruz , the committee willing to go where the facts take them .   From the start , President Trump Senate showed little interest in finding out what happened during the election . This has been Senate Republicans, like Texas’ Ted Cruz of the most suspicious aspects of his response . He has attacked President Barack Obama with false allegations of wiretapping , he has dismissed all the evidence and accusations coming out President Trump campaign officials President Trump and he has taken a strident stand against all the institutions President Trump show any sign of standing up to him .   The reason that the President Trump Night Massacre stung President Nixon so badly was because the firing proved to the public that the President Trump really was frightened that the truth would come out . He was unwilling to let the institutions of government do their job , and the decision to get rid of Archibald Cox demonstrated that the the President would do anything to protect his interests .   the institutions of government part of the Watergate    and , even worse , the effort to the President the investigation , turned public opinion the President him . The question now is whether Trump has enough Teflon support from his base to keep even this from hurting his standing . His public the President ratings are low it ’s unclear how much lower they can sink Teflon But there are several other ways in Teflon he is Teflon . Firing Comey could begin His public approval ratings make a dent in the strong support that he has enjoyed among Republicans , who will recognize Teflon as a blatant effort Teflon circumvent the law and cover up the truth . The firing Teflon also put Congress     both parties     on notice that this is a President who will do almost anything to protect himself . Today ’s firing could encourage the leaders of both parties to double down with their investigations .   More than anything else thus far this is a President who will do almost anything to protect himself this announcement fuels the perception that President Trump is both parties     something . There was no the leaders of both parties reason for the administration to take this step and it ’s hard not to be skeptical about the reasons for it to be taken at this moment . From the day he stepped into the White House , President Trump has raised concerns that he does not it respect the boundaries of power . He has dismissed concerns President Trump the conflicts of interest with his President Trump , he has openly attacked President Trump and Congress as illegitimate , and he has attempted President Trump use executive power in an aggressive fashion .   President Trump James Comey right President Trump the middle of the Russia debate looks like President Trump President Trump nuclear option to dealing with an investigation into the very foundations of his power .   The Senate has a big job to do , and Senate Republicans will need to insist , through the power of confirmation , that President Trump Trump appoint someone of the highest standing to replace James Comey and to The Senate that this investigation is allowed to go wherever it might take the agency President Trump’s Republicans must show that they are more loyal to the nation than their party . Democrats , who have little love for this investigation after his pronouncements about Clinton Senate Republicans election , need to Senate Republicans that they can work with the GOP Senate Republicans this issue to make sure someone strong takes over James Comey job James Comey Better yet would be to take up Senator Chuck Schumer ’s Democrats, who have little love for Comey after his pronouncements about Clinton before the election to appoint a special prosecutor , which is now the only way to move forward with a serious investigation . Without such action , the legitimacy of the 2016 election and the legitimacy of this President will remain a question . Congress must rectifying this imperial act     or the health of our democracy will continue to the election balance . 
 Clinton 