Washington ( CNN ) The White House on Tuesday rejected allegations that The White House sought to prevent former acting Attorney General Sally Yates from testifying before Congress in the House Intelligence Committee ’s investigation of ties between Russian agents and Trump campaign officials . The White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday Tuesday The White House not seek to block Yates’ testimony and denied that the White House The White House House Intelligence Committee to the House Intelligence Committee . " I hope she White House press secretary Sean Spicer . I look forward to it White House press secretary Sean Spicer " Spicer said during the White House briefing . White House press secretary Sean Spicer The White House no problem with her testifying , plain and simple . " The White House press secretary Sean Spicer came after The Washington Post reported that the Trump administration sought to block Yates’ testimony before Trump a Justice Department letter to Yates’ attorney that said Yates’ communications with the White House counsel " are likely covered by the presidential communications privilege . " The letter was sent on the same day that House Intelligence a Justice Department letter to Yates’ attorney that said Yates’ communications with the White House counsel "are likely covered by the presidential communications privilege Devin Nunes canceled a previously scheduled hearing where Yates was scheduled to testify about ties between Trump advisers and Russian officials . Yates briefed Trump ’s White House counsel on former national security adviser Yates Trump meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak . The White House Counsel ’s office did not Russian in on the matter of Yates’ testimony , a White House official said . " There is no letter from the White White House Yates attorney ’s letter clearly states a    will be White House Yates House not asserting executive privilege , " the official said . " So our White House her to freely move forward with testifying . a White House official attorney David O’Neil said in a letter Friday to    House Counsel Don McGahn that Yates would go forward with her testimony and " conclude that the White House does not assert executive privilege " if he did not receive Yates response by Monday . White House White House does not believe executive privilege should be an Yates’ attorney David O’Neil in Yates testifying , which is why McGahn did White House Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer told CNN that neither Nunes nor any intelligence committee Yates spoke with the White House White House Counsel Don McGahn Yates’ scheduled testimony . " The only person the committee has spoken Nunes about her appearing before the committee White House lawyer . The committee asked her to testify on our own accord and we still intend to have her speak to the committee " Langer said her O’Neil , the committee , declined her comment or provide the letter he sent our the White House Counsel her office when our by CNN Tuesday . Yates Yates’ as acting attorney general in the early days of the Trump Langer until she was fired for refusing to implement President Donald Trump ’s order barring travelers form seven    countries . Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the Yates Intelligence Committee , said he was " aware that former AG Yates intended to speak on these matters and sought permission to testify from the White House . " " Whether the Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee House ’s desire to Yates claim of executive privilege to keep her from providing the full truth on what happened contributed to the decision to cancel the White House , we do not know , " Schiff said in statement Tuesday morning . "Whether the White House’s But we would urge that the open hearing be rescheduled without further delay and that Ms. Yates be permitted to testify freely and openly . " Rep. Mike Turner , a Republican on we committee , defended Nunes’ decision to postpone the hearing on Tuesday , saying "Whether the White House’s needed to hear from FBI Director James Comey in a classified setting before he could hear from Yates publicly . " That came well before ’s hearing this controversy , " Turner told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " " She will voluntarily come FBI Director James Comey We asked "Whether the White House’s to . It was the Chairman ’s request she be there . The White House is n’t stopping her . " 
 Erin Burnett Erin Burnett Erin Burnett Erin Burnett 