Washington ( CNN ) The 2016 campaign may be over , but the 2017 campaign just began . The 2016 campaign was n’t a 2008 style kickoff in Springfield , Illinois , or 2016 style start on Roosevelt Island , New York , or even a grand entrance on a descending escalator in a Manhattan tower .    In 2017 , the campaign starting gun went off in dueling rallies inside the US Capitol , during an extraordinary morning of drama and theater emblematic of the coming Trump era . The Vice    arriving in one corner of the US Capitol , and almost simultaneously , split screen , the outgoing president arriving in another . This year ’s campaign is of course not about electing a president or member of Congress or any politician , it is about deciding the future of America ’s health care system     something that affects all Americans , whether they all Americans or not . Just like in 2009 , when Obamacare was before Congress Congress Democrats spread out across America America try to sell the law to their Congress and Democrats , they Congress and Democrats hold events back home starting this weekend to try to fight Republican plans to dismantle it the law House Democratic Caucus Chairman Joe Crowley ,    York , is leading the charge in the House , encouraging members to hold events in their members this Saturday , January 7 , in order to highlight what Democrats warn are the risks of repealing the Affordable Care Act . Next , Democrats are branding January 15 a " National Day of Action " among Democratic senators , House the House and    organizations . In his closed door pep rally with congressional Democrats , President Barack Obama even encouraged his President Barack Obama to use tea party tactics to galvanize Americans to urge Republicans not to dismantle the health care plan     which happens to be the cornerstone of his President Barack Obama . But the analogy is hardly perfect . Anyone who remembers the raucous town halls of 2009 knows it was the Democrats trying to sell Obamacare who got shouted down by constituents who did n’t like the law , and were encouraged by conservative media and the brewing tea party movement .   Still , there could be a silver lining here for Democrats .    their base is wounded , disoriented and scared . It their base similar to the way the their base and felt back in 2009 after Obama won and the Democrats took a supermajority in the Senate . The GOP was in the wilderness , and the fight against Obamacare became a motivator for Republicans to find their way back Republicans If done right , and if successful , this new campaign to save Obamacare could rejuvenate Obamacare Democrats . As for Republicans , they realize their Republicans is Republicans peril . Just look at the   ’s own tweets . He woke the morning of this 2017 campaign start and took to Twitter to warn his own Republican brethren He " be careful " not to go too far in their zest for repeal his own Republican brethren   Vice    Mike Pence expounded on that after meeting with House Republicans . " It will be important that we be careful as we do that . we we do that in we way that does n’t work a hardship on American families . who have gained insurance , through this program     does n’t work hardship on our economy , " we Pence . But he also lifted the that on Republican concerns that their push to repeal Obamacare may get drowned out by Democrats stories of real people who have benefited from the program , and this program     loss in insurance coverage and rattled markets a repeal may bring .   That ’s what Pence meant when he admonished Pence members that " Remind American people of what they already know about Obamacare GOP members the promises that Obamacare made were all broken , and I expect you ’ll see an effort in the days ahead to talk about the facts around Obamacare . " When    House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel argued forcefully to use the Democrats huge 2009 majorities to pass health care reform , he did so by predicting Rahm Emanuel once Americans have a benefit , they wo n’t want to Americans it . It is going to be a long 2017 as we watch and learn whether he was right . 
 Rahm Emanuel 