Overflow crowds in Peoria greeted 2016 presidential candidate Ted Cruz on 2016 presidential candidate Ted Cruz third of five Monday rallies in Illinois the day before Tuesday ’s pivotal primary elections . [ 2016 presidential candidate Ted Cruz commented that republican frontrunner Donald Trump " may be the one person on the face of the planet Hillary Clinton can beat in a general election " according to political reporter Rosie Gray .   2016 presidential candidate Ted Cruz mentioned Cook County politics , garnering boos from the crowd in reference to Chicago , Illinois . republican frontrunner Donald Trump slammed republican frontrunner Donald Trump over donations to politicians such as the disgraced and imprisoned Rod Blagojevich , the Cook County Democratic Party , and Rahm Emmanuel . " Rod Blagojevich !   …     the Cook County Democratic Party !   …     Rahm Emanuel ! " Ted Cruz is reminding Peoria , IL , voters of past republican frontrunner Donald Trump donations .   —    Matt Flegenheimer ( @mattfleg ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Journal Star reporter Chris Kaergard recounted Cruz ’s comments comparing Ted Cruz former President Ronald Reagan in telling the crowd how he will treat the military himself contrast to President Obama , whom he compared to former President himself Carter . Cruz ’s key message , Ted Cruz to Kaergard , was that he Journal Star reporter Chris Kaergard the only candidate himself can beat Trump and then Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the fall . Cruz also hit on the Ted Cruz key issues of jobs , freedom , and security . In dealing with one protester , Cruz said to be respectful Ted Cruz Texas Tribune reporter Patrick Svitek posted that the protester repeatedly told Cruz one protester back to Ted Cruz and waved a Trump sign as he was escorted from the venue Texas Tribune reporter Patrick Svitek Cruz seized the opportunity to Ted Cruz to differentiate himself from Trump saying , Ted Cruz to this post : Cruz says to Huffington Post Ted Cruz One difference between here and a Donald Trump rally is I ’m not asking anyone to punch you in the face . "   —    Rosie Gray ( @RosieGray ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Rally attendee VK posted online of the Cruz crowd : " The crowd never sat down for 40 the Cruz crowd " As the rally came to a close , a Donald Trump rally reporter    Roth posted a similar message , as well as video of the packed cheering crowd . . @tedcruz wraps up third stop in Peoria , Illinois   crowd goes crazy . pic . twitter .    —      Roth ( @SamanthaJoRoth ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Many tweets remarked on and showed some of the crowd that showed up to see Cruz in Peoria : The line into the Cruz rally is almost twice as long as the peoria civic center .   —    Stig the Peoria Civic Center @HesNotTheStig ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Ted Cruz set to take the stage at the Peoria Civic Center in about 45 minutes . Check out this line ! pic . twitter .    — The line into the Cruz rally Hilyard ( @HannahHilyard ) March 14 , 2016 ,   In Peoria for the Ted Cruz rally and it is packed ! # TedCruz # TedCruz2016 , Ted Cruz    Lily Blair ( @LilyGraceBlair1 ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Peoria LOVES Cruz . Upper deck just opened ! @ChuckNellis Peoria pic . twitter .    Ted Cruz    VK ( @vjeannek ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Was just told the Peoria rally crowd is over than anticipated . # CruzPeoria ,   —    Chris Kwiecinski ( @OchoK41 ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Second balcony has people standing since the theatre is so full . # CruzPeoria ,   —    Chris Kwiecinski ( @OchoK41 ) March 14 , 2016 ,   They ’re starting to file in people behind the press   …      STILL people coming in , 25 minutes in . # CruzPeoria ,   —    Chris Kwiecinski ( @OchoK41 ) March 14 , 2016 ,   The attendees seemed particularly enthusiastic (@OchoK41 comments that America will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel : The cheer for pledging " America will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel " may be louder than on America repeal . # CruzPeoria the nation of Israel Chris Kaergard Israel @ChrisKaergard ) March 14 , 2016 ,   He says he will unapologetically stand with Israel . Probably the biggest round of applause thus far . # cruzpeoria He   —    Hannah Israel ( @HannahHilyard ) March 14 , 2016 ,   Cruz ’s father , pastor Rafael Cruz , visited East Peoria just four days ago . He heralded his son as someone who will not compromise on his principles in Washington , citing the He ’s He voting record , according to WMBD radio . He told the outlet that they found the event informative and that they were looking for a change , and someone who will Attendees the Constitution . Follow Michelle Moons Attendees Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 