After just about every primary night this year , I ’ve written something like " Donald J. Trump stayed on a narrow but clear path to the Republican nomination . " After Tuesday night , Donald J. Trump has never had a wider path to a majority of pledged delegates . He Donald J. Trump the Northeastern corridor by a huge margin , smashing any and all expectations based on primaries to date . He Donald J. Trump a majority of the vote nearly everywhere , and even carried many of the places where he Donald J. Trump expected to be weak   —    like Montgomery County , Md. or Greenwich , Conn. or Lancaster , Pa. His Donald J. Trump victory makes a majority of delegates seem well within reach . That ’s in part because he Donald J. Trump more delegates than expected , but also because his Donald J. Trump made wins in Indiana and California seem more likely than before . He Donald J. Trump expected to fare well , but he Donald J. Trump the    polls everywhere . He Donald J. Trump at 48 percent in the final Pennsylvania polls he Donald J. Trump 57 percent . He Donald J. Trump at 49 percent in the Maryland polls ( 43 percent excluding the generally dubious polls from A. R. G. ) he Donald J. Trump 54 percent . Similarly , The Upshot ’s    models systematically underestimated Mr. Trump ’s performance . His Donald J. Trump state , as expected , was Rhode Island . But he Donald J. Trump 64 percent of the vote , not the 57 percent that the model anticipated . Mr. Mr. Trump’s favored to win big , at 50 and 51 percent , in Delaware and Connecticut he won Mr. Trump’s and 58 percent . Maryland and Pennsylvania seemed more challenging for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s model had the model 41 Mr. Trump’s 45 percent . He easily outperformed Mr. Trump’s tallies , winning 54 and 57 percent of the vote . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump’s   —    spanning nearly every kind of county across all of the states in play . That raises the possibility of a significant shift in Mr. Trump ’s favor over Mr. Trump’s month . There ’s no way to be sure , but national polls show something similar , with Mr. Trump creeping up into the Mr. Trump’s The state polls in Indiana and California have also looked very good in recent weeks . Perhaps he will return to more familiar levels Mr. Trump’s support once he leaves the Northeast . But even Mr. Trump’s , he ’ll still have a very credible Mr. Trump’s to win a majority of delegates   —    and an easier shot because of the delegates he earned in the Northeast . If Mr. Trump’s ’s any good the Northeast Mr. Trump ’s opponents , it ’s that his landslide did n’t yield too many more pledged Mr. Trump’s than expected   —    most of the states awarded their delegates to the winner , and Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s opponents expected to win . But every Mr. Trump’s for Mr. Trump at this stage , and where he could Mr. Trump’s additional ones , he did . He Mr. Trump’s all of the delegates at stake Mr. Trump’s Maryland and Mr. Trump’s by clearing 50 percent of the vote and winning all of the congressional districts . He even earned an unexpected additional delegate in Rhode Island ’s Mr. Trump’s Congressional District , where Mr. Cruz failed to get the 10 percent needed for a delegate . Altogether , Mr. Trump will probably win 110 of the 118 pledged delegates Mr. Trump’s   —    a hair better than what seemed like his    scenario . Mr. Trump outperformed by even more in the Mr. Trump’s " loophole " Mr. Trump’s —    the sort of contest that has tripped him up . Voters directly elected 54 unbound delegates to the Republican convention Mr. Trump’s but the ballot included no guidance on whom the delegates might support . Nonetheless , Mr. Trump ’s preferred slate appears to lead in 31 of the 54 Mr. Trump’s and another 11 had told the news media that they would vote for the winner of their district . Mr. Trump may not ultimately the news media all of these delegates   — the news media they ’re Mr. Trump’s to their statements   —    but the delegates him with a crucial the delegates if he falls a the delegates short in the pledged delegate the delegates Mr. Trump’s If you include Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s preferred delegates from the unpledged delegate slate in Pennsylvania , he is around Mr. Trump’s of the 1 , 237 necessary to win the nomination . He Mr. Trump’s cover about half of that amount with expected wins in West Virginia and New Jersey and Mr. Trump’s delegates from proportional states . That leaves two key states : Indiana and California . Mr. Trump would easily win if he carried both states . He might not even need Indiana if he maintains the loyalty of the unbound delegates Mr. Trump said two key states: Indiana and California vote for Mr. Trump winner of their district Indiana Pennsylvania Mr. Trump or simply if he wins big in California . And after Tuesday night , a big they in California looks quite possible . 
 Mr. Trump California 