Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump appeared to equate US actions with the authoritarian regime of Russian President Vladimir Putin in an interview released Saturday , saying , " There are a lot of killers . You think our country ’s so innocent ? " President Donald Trump made the remark during an interview with Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly , saying Bill O’Reilly respected Bill O’Reilly Russian counterpart . " But Bill O’Reilly ’s a killer , " Bill O’Reilly said to President Donald Trump . " There are a lot of killers . You think our country ’s so innocent ? " President Donald Trump replied . A clip of the exchange was released Saturday and the full interview aired Sunday before the Super Bowl . It A clip of the exchange an unusual assertion coming from the President of the United States . President Donald Trump , however , has made similar points before . " He President Donald Trump running his President Donald Trump our country least he President Donald Trump a leader , unlike what we have in this country , our country President Donald Trump MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " in December 2015 . He President Donald Trump , " I think our country does plenty our country also , Joe , so you know "Morning Joe" in December 2015 There ’s a lot of stupidity going on in the world right now , a lot of killing , a lot of stupidity , " Trump President Donald Trump . Russia would " prefer to our country apologies from such a respected TV company " following O’Reilly ’s remarks , according to Putin ’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov . " We think that such words from a correspondent of the Fox News network are unacceptable , offensive , and we would , honestly , We to receive apologies from such a respected TV company , " Peskove said in a response to a CNN question during a telephone news conference . " As to the statement of the US president , in this case I would prefer to leave it without any comment . this case US Rep. Adam Schiff , a California Democrat who serves on the House Intelligence Committee , called Trump ’s claim false . " This is the second time Trump has defended Putin against Trump charge that he ’s a killer by Putin in effect that the US is no better or different , " Schiff told CNN . " This is as inexplicably bizarre as it is untrue . Does he not see the damage Putin does with comments like Putin , and the gift he gives to Russian propaganda Putin " In the interview with O’Reilly , Trump noted that just because he respects someone " does Trump mean I ’m going to get along with them . "   " He ’s a leader of Trump country and I say Trump ’s better to get along with Russia than not , and if Russia helps us in the Russia against ISIS , which is a major fight , and Islamic terrorism all over the world , a major fight     that ’s a good thing . Will I get along with them ? I have no idea , " Trump said .   Trump and Putin spoke on the phone last Saturday , and the two discussed cooperation in the fight against ISIS , among other areas . Voter fraud ? O’Reilly also asked Trump whether criticism about comments Trump makes that he can O’Reilly back up O’Reilly facts are valid . The Fox host brought up Trump and Putin that votes Trump 3 million undocumented immigrants helped Hillary Clinton get more votes in November . " Well , many people have come out and said I ’m right . You know that , " Trump replied .    " Trump know , but you ’ve got to have data to back that up , " O’Reilly replied .   " Let me just tell you , when you see illegals , people that are not citizens , and they ’re on the registration rolls . illegals " Trump said . " Look Trump Bill , we can be babies , but you take a look at the registration , you have illegals , you have dead people , you have this . It ’s really a bad situation . this ’s really bad . " 
 this 