The Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee are moving quickly and aggressively to head off the fledgling effort to stage a revolt at The Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee convention next month in Cleveland , hoping to spare the party an embarrassing spectacle that could deeply wound the presumptive nominee . the party are employing    tactics , warning delegates that attempting to undermine Donald J. Trump ’s claim to the nomination violates party rules , and threatening to deny speaking slots to Republicans Republicans deem disloyal for not backing Donald J. Trump . " If there ’s no endorsement , then I would not invite Republicans to speak , " Donald J. Trump said in an interview , adding that former rivals like Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio should not expect to address the convention if they former rivals like Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio to withhold their former rivals like Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio . The R. N. C. and the Trump Donald J. Trump are also installing loyal party stalwarts in key party positions to help ensure that they The R. N. C. and the Trump campaign control of the the convention rogue delegates attempt a disruption . And they are The R. N. C. and the Trump campaign to discredit Republicans who are advocating an interpretation of party rules that would allow delegates to vote for anyone they want The R. N. C. and the Trump campaign the first ballot . Their moves The R. N. C. and the Trump campaign intended to buttress Mr. Trump as he confronts Mr. Trump faction of Republicans who , emboldened by his recent Mr. Trump , say their efforts The R. N. C. and the Trump campaign stage a convention coup are gaining more support . In the last week , prominent Republicans like House Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin have breathed new life into these efforts their efforts to stage a convention coup that delegates should be free to follow their consciences instead delegates being committed to back a candidate . Stopping the presumptive nominee at the convention   —    one who won 37 states and has an indisputable majority of delegates   —    would be an extraordinary affront and seems improbable at this point . But even if the    forces fall short , the scene that threatens to unfold on national television would be an unwelcome one for Mr. Trump and the Republican Party : a band of angry , rebelling delegates trying to seize control of the convention and the convention   the nomination . Mr. Trump insisted in an interview last week that his opponents would fail Mr. Trump derail his nomination . " Mr. Trump mean to tell me we ’re going to get the largest vote in the history of the Republican primaries , " he said , " Mr. Trump now the same people that either did n’t run or got beaten in a landslide are going to try and   ? " " My supporters are tremendously loyal to me , " he Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump would not stand My supporters it . " Such a    approach would seem to create grim prospects for any kind of reconciliation with Mr. Cruz , who will command more than 500 delegates when the convention begins in three weeks . And to deny Mr. Cruz a speech   —    or for that matter Mr. Kasich , the governor of the state that is hosting the convention   —    would be a rare rebuke . Speeches by the    are usually a    draw at any convention , and usually a foregone conclusion for an event that is supposed to convey party unity and good will . But the speaking arrangements may not be entirely up to Mr. Trump . Because Mr. Cruz won a majority of delegates in at least eight states , he would probably be Mr. Cruz to have his name entered into Mr. Cruz , guaranteeing him a speech under Mr. Cruz rules . For its part , the a speech under party rules is leaving a speech under party rules chance as it works closely with the a speech under party rules campaign in plotting Mr. Trump mechanics of the convention . The two have hired about a dozen operatives to ensure that the nominating vote goes off without a hitch . Reince Priebus , the Republican National Committee chairman , has dispatched associates to reach out to    delegates . And lawyers for the committee are advising state National Committee how to beat back the    efforts , prompting party chairs from Minnesota to Washington State to issue admonitions to delegates who may be thinking of breaking their obligation to vote for Mr. state party leaders . Party officials are now gently reminding delegates that in the process of applying to be a delegate , many of them signed statements vowing to vote Party officials the candidate to which they were pledged . Mr. Trump Party officials the pledged support Mr. Trump than 1 , 500 delegates , the vast majority of whom were awarded to him based on party rules that allot Mr. Trump most delegates to the winner of each primary and caucus . The R. N. C. pushback has been strong in states that Mr. Trump lost , like Iowa and Mr. Trump " The proposed ‘ conscience exemption’ does not change anything for Minnesota , especially given each national delegate’ ’s Minnesota pledge , " a message to Minnesota delegates from state party leaders said last Minnesota . Party officials are also working to thwart delegates who are encouraging a " conscience vote " based on the notion that Republican rules can not bind anyone to any candidate . Freeing the delegates , known as unbinding , has been promoted for years by Curly Haugland , a committee official from North Mr. Haugland Mr. Haugland found that committee officials were sending out emails attempting to discredit him   —    like one forwarded to him by a delegate friend that read in Mr. Haugland : " Curly Haugland is the originator Mr. Haugland the ideas that are flooding the inboxes of delegates nationwide . He is the North Dakota National Committeeman who every four years challenges the Convention Rules   Curly Haugland    and loses . " " It ’s a total smear campaign , " Mr. Haugland said in an interview . But the    forces are determined to push their Curly Haugland One activist , Steve Lonegan , who directed Mr. Cruz ’s losing campaign in the   forces Jersey , is now helping a political action committee that advocates letting delegates vote their consciences . The group , Courageous Conservatives , started running a radio ad in Iowa last One activist, Steve Lonegan, who directed Mr. Cruz’s losing campaign in New Jersey that urged people to call Steve Scheffler , a national committeeman in Iowa who is trying to quash the revolt , and demand " to let our delegates pick Iowa best Republican to fight for our conservative values . " Another group called Delegates Unbound has begun a nationwide ad campaign that implores , " Vote your conscience . " Mr. Scheffler , who is among the 112 members of the convention ’s rules committee , which could ultimately resolve the unbinding issue , said in an interview that he did not even vote for Mr. Trump in the Iowa caucuses . But he believes the will of the voters should be honored at the convention . " Do n’t he to me that you do n’t like the process . the convention what it is , " Mr. Scheffler he , noting that he did not plan to check his voice mail until after the he " The voters have spoken he " he added . " he would 112 people the convention ‘ We do n’t the voters you did , we he going to set our own rules ? ’ " One major 112 people the    forces face is that the 112 people committee will be full 112 people delegates like Mr. Scheffler , Republicans loyal to the party committee who might not have wanted Mr. Trump as the nominee but are nonetheless determined to keep the convention from turning into a debacle . Adding to those hurdles , Mr. Priebus has put in trusted loyalists to run the convention rules committee while working with the Trump campaign and state parties to make sure the most important committees are the convention with unpredictable delegates . In that Mr. Trump , the motives of the Trump campaign and the Republican Party have aligned after months of mutual mistrust . While party people are not necessarily Trump the Trump campaign and state parties necessarily party people , the two sides are now locked in a marriage of convenience . Mr. Mr. Trump is trying to protect his nomination , while the party is trying to protect the integrity of its nominating Mr. Trump Peter Feaman , who will Mr. Trump on the convention rules committee and has a long history the Republican Party party , including serving as Florida ’s party the Republican Party , called the talk of ditching Mr. Trump " a lot of sound and fury . " " We ’re the Republican Party ride the Trump bandwagon into 1600 Mr. Trump or into oblivion , " he added . " One or the other . " 
 Trump 