  ( CNN ) On November 8 , 2016 , Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton     the single biggest upset in modern American politics .   That was 219 days ago . And yet , on Thursday afternoon , Donald Trump sent two tweets attacking Donald Trump former opponent . " Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at , but my    are ? , " Donald Trump tweeted just before 4 p. m. eastern time .    Donald Trump followed that up 12 minutes later with a second tweet : " Crooked H destroyed phones    hammer , ’bleached’ emails ,   had husband meet    days before she was     they talk about obstruction ? " What these twin tweets suggest is something we already knew : Trump just ca n’t quit the 2016 election , and Clinton .   Trump spent weeks reveling in Trump stunning win . Trump reminded anyone who asked     and lots of people who did n’t     that Trump had won over 300 electoral votes , a feat people said was impossible for any Republicans . As Trump 100th day in office approached , Trump handed out electoral maps to reporters coming to talk to Trump about what Trump had done for those first 100 days .   Huge framed electoral maps were shown being brought into the White House . The 2016 election represented Trump greatest triumph , Trump life ’s work : Proving that all the elites who mocked Trump or said Trump could n’t do something were mistaken all along . They all the elites who mocked him or said he couldn’t do something to eat their all the elites who mocked him or said he couldn’t do something . Trump was right . Everyone else was wrong . The end . Then there ’s the fact that Trump also works better when he Trump someone or something to run against . In Clinton , he Trump a perfect opponent     someone as cautious as he Trump risky , someone as insider as he Trump outsider , someone as mannered as he Trump unruly . It makes sense then that in one of the darkest moments of his Trump to date     following The Washington Post ’s report Wednesday night that special counsel Bob Mueller was investigating Trump for obstruction of justice     that Trump Trump return to his Trump memories and his Trump reliable foil . The problem for Trump Trump that he Trump the election . It he won the election over . Has been for a long time . ( We are now closer to November 2017 than we We to November 2016 . ) In winning , he Trump the president . And what the the president or has done matters a whole lot more than what a losing candidate for president does , in the eyes of our criminal and legal systems . ( That ’s not unique to Trump . Many members of Congress     of both parties     have resigned in the face of legal problems , knowing that a former House member is a lot less juicy of a target than a sitting one . ) Then there are the specifics of the allegations Trump is making Trump Clinton in his tweets . Trump his first tweet Trump Russia ties , the story I think Trump is referring Trump is this one , which ran in The New York Times in April 2015 and was headlined : " Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal . " At issue was the fact that a number of Canadians who had been major donors to the Clinton Foundation Clinton Foundation company to a Russian a number of Canadians who had been major donors to the Clinton Foundation named Rosatom .   Here ’s the key paragraph : " As the Russians gradually assumed control of Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 to 2013 , Canadian records show , a flow of cash made its way to the Clinton Canadian records . Uranium One ’s chairman used his family foundation to make Uranium One’s chairman donations totaling $ 2 . 35 million . Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons , despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors . Other people with ties to the company made donations as the Obama White House " The Clinton Foundation admitted it the Clinton Foundation errors . The the Clinton Foundation that Clinton , as secretary of state , could have vetoed the sale was found to be false by Factcheck . org . Trump ’s second tweet deals with a series of findings aired in the 2016 campaign . The smashing of phones with a hammer and bleaching emails comes from the FBI ’s report into her private email server . The other charge deals with Bill Clinton ’s decision to meet with then Attorney General Loretta Lynch while their planes idled on the tarmac .   Fired FBI Director James Comey said in congressional testimony the FBI week that he believed that meeting was not appropriate . Fired FBI Director James Comey also detailed the fact that Lynch had Fired FBI Director James Comey him to refer to the Attorney General Loretta Lynch email investigation Fired FBI Director James Comey   " matter " and not an investigation     an ask that gave him a " queasy feeling . " What Fired FBI Director James Comey is arguing is , essentially , that the questions about the uranium mine sale and the plane visit should take precedence over the " hoax " that is the investigation into Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 election , potential collusion with his campaign and the possibility that he obstructed justice in the probe . That his , of course , a matter of personal opinion     and one Trump is very much entitled to . But remember that the special counsel was appointed by the deputy attorney general within the Trump administration . Bob Mueller was deputy AG Rod Rosenstein ’s pick , not Clinton ’s , or anyone else ’s . This was not a partisan action .   Trump is a victim of his own success one Trump .   He won one Trump election . He is the one Trump     and the most one Trump person in the country . That means he gets a level of scrutiny no one one Trump does . Particularly when there is so much smoke swirling regarding the ties between Russia and his campaign , and his decision to fire Comey in the midst his a federal investigation into those allegations . Trump can try to distract . He can try to deflect . He can Trump about Clinton ’s alleged transgressions Trump But what he ca n’t change is the fact that Trump is President , and this investigation is Trump going to disappear just a federal investigation into those allegations sent two     or two hundred     tweets Trump Clinton . 
 Clinton 