  ( CNN ) The popular new game " Pokemon Go " has officially made The popular new game "Pokemon Go" way onto the 2016 campaign trail     literally .   The Clinton campaign announced The Clinton campaign will hold an official event on Saturday to register voters at the " Madison Park Pokestop   PokeGYM " in Lakewood , Ohio .   " Join us as us go to the Pokestop in Madison Park and put up a lure module , get free pokemon ,   battle each other while you register voters and learn more about Sec . Hillary Clinton ! ! ! " the event page reads .   Hillary Clinton also referred to the app at a campaign rally in Virginia on Thursday .   " I do n’t know who created Pokemon Go , but I ’d try to figure out how to get Pokemon Go to have Pokemon go to the polls , " Hillary Clinton said .   And it does n’t stop with Hillary Clinton     Trump Tower is a " Pokemon Go " hot spot , and so is the White House     but sadly for Donald Trump , sadly for Donald Trump says sadly for Donald Trump does n’t have time for the viral video game sensation , wherever sadly for Donald Trump ends up after the 2016 election . The Donald Trump campaign released a video with The Trump campaign own , edited version of the app titled " Crooked Hillary NO " that shows "Crooked Hillary with a description as if she "Crooked Hillary a Pokemon character , labeled as " Crooked Hillary " that is " often found lying to the American people , rigging the system , and sharing TOP SECRET emails . " The a description on to list her "Crooked Hillary evolution as unemployed .   Trump told the Washington Examiner in an interview preview out Thursday that he ’s Trump of the game ( like everyone else ) but that he ’s Trump been too busy to check it out .   " I do n’t , but people are playing it . it question about it . it do not     I wish I had time , " Trump told Trump Examiner the Washington Examiner the Washington Examiner he ’d Trump played . For the uninitiated , " Pokemon Go " is an app that merges features of the classic    video game with modern smartphone technology , allowing players to visit landmarks all over the country where they can spot and try to capture the virtual creatures . The video game uses smartphone cameras to make seem as if players are catching the pixelated monsters in actual locations .   Unfortunately , it ’s not The video game from the interview if Trump is a Charmander , Squirtle or Bulbasaur kind of guy . 
 