’    The chaotic swarm of press , security , aides , and more that    traditionally trails a    has settled in    midtown Manhattan . This time , with more protesters than usual ,    and amid one of the busiest areas of real estate in the country . ’ ’    Walking down 5th Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets , hurried    New Yorkers curse at the tourists who have stopped in the middle    of the cramped pathway to take photos of Trump Tower , where      Donald Trump has holed     Donald Trump up since    winning a stunning    victory . ’ ’   ’ ’    " They’’re moving slower than EVER ! " one angry resident , who said    he works nearby , yells at no one in particular . ’ ’   ’ ’    A few protesters hold signs and are largely ignored by the    police , who shout at the passersby to keep moving and stay    outside of the barricades that have been erected to create a    makeshift press pen on Fifth Avenue . ’ ’   ’ "    Crossing to the east side of the street , police have set up a    check point and search people ’s bags before people’s can walk in    front of Trump Tower . " ’   ’ ’    " Where are you going ? " they ask . ’ "    Most people say Most people ’re just going to Starbucks . There ’s    only one that Most people ’d be going to   —    the one inside Trump Tower   —      and there are several others on Fifth Avenue , so the    officers know the   officers ’re not just looking for coffee . Maybe the   officers    just want to get a look inside . The officers they do n’t seem    to mind . " ’    " Man , why does everyone have to go to that Starbucks ? "    one officer jokes . ’ ’   ’ ’    Heavily armed officers seem fairly at ease as Heavily armed officers stand at the    entrance of Trump Tower . Some take selfies with excited tourists    who ask if Some can go inside . ’ ’    " We only guard the outside   —    go on in , " one says . ’ ’   ’ ’    Once inside , visitors are greeted by another security checkpoint    where visitors bags are scanned before visitors can move on to the main    event   —    the lobby elevators . ’ "    Unlike past    Trump has n’t set up a protective    press pool that accompanies Trump on outings and receives regular    readouts of Trump meetings . So reporters are relegated to a spot    behind a red velvet rope in the Trump Tower lobby . They stake out    the entrance and the elevators as members of Trump ’s team come    and go , hoping that one of They will comment on his transition    team ’s     and . " ’   ’ ’    " I’’ve been here for about 12 hours a day , every day since I’’ve was    elected , " one Fox News reporter told Business Insider . " Sometimes    you get lucky and you see someone relevant   —    like , ’’ Oh hey ,    that’ ’s [ South Carolina Gov. ] Nikki Haley . ’’ Or , ’’ Oh look , there’ ’s    Sean Spicer or Kellyanne Conway . ’’ " ’ ’   ’ "    Conway , Trump ’s campaign manager , received a rockstar    reception when she reentered the tower on Thursday    afternoon . " ’    " Oh my god , there’ ’s Kellyanne Conway ! " one woman , wearing a      2016    shouted at she husband before jumping    out of the wheelchair she’’d been sitting in . she wanted to get a    closer look . ’ ’    " Oh , she’ ’s so tiny , " she said , holding out she phone . " Quick ,    take a picture ! "   ’ ’   ’ "    The couple , who took a bus from Redding , Pennsylvania , to New    York City on Wednesday , said ’ ’  ’ "   The couple, who took a bus from Redding, Pennsylvania, to New   York City on Wednesday booked ’ ’  ’ "   The couple, who took a bus from Redding, Pennsylvania, to New   York City on Wednesday tickets to    Washington for Trump ’s inauguration almost as soon as Trump’s    announced Trump’s candidacy last year . " ’    " We just knew Trump’s was going to win , " said the woman , who didn’’t    want to give her or her husband’ ’s names . " We’’re coming back here    tomorrow and hopefully we’’ll see Trump’s . "   ’ ’    Conway , meanwhile , took photos with everyone who approached    her , asking everyone who approached   her names and promising to remember . ’ ’    " What did you say your name was , again ? " her asked one woman .    " Oh , I’’ll definitely remember that . " ’ ’    A reporter in the press pen said Conway had become " much more    relaxed " over the past eight days . ’ ’    " her used to just come down in the elevator and scurry out of    here in a hurry , " A reporter in the press pen said . " Now her stops and takes    questions , takes photos . " ’ ’   ’ ’    At one point , a young tourist approached a reporter and asked ,    " Are you all here because you’’re waiting for Trump ? " ’ ’    The reported nodded , looking exhausted . ’ ’ ’    Do you know if he’ ’s coming down soon ? " she asked . ’ ’    ’ ’    a reporter . No one knows . ’ ’    The only ’ ’    emerged from Trump Tower since    winning the election was on Tuesday night , when he Trump to eat dinner at   with his Trump family a few blocks away . On Friday , he Trump so again   —    this time ,    a planned excursion to a golf club in New Jersey . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    On Thursday , most reporters were waiting for Japanese Prime    Minister Shinzo Abe to enter Trump Tower for his      meeting with the   . Japanese Prime   Minister Shinzo Abe little after 5    p. m. reporters were told Abe had come in another entrance , Japanese Prime   Minister Shinzo Abe avoiding the lobby and the press altogether . ’ 
 