Pollster Frank Luntz acknowledges that Pollster Frank Luntz took money to help shape Marco Rubio ’s political career , a fact that Pollster Frank Luntz did not disclose while praising Rubio on Fox News and on social media . [ In a    interview , Pollster Frank Luntz tells Fox News that Pollster Frank Luntz worked for Rubio when the young politician was preparing to become Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives .   Pollster Frank Luntz tweeted positively about Rubio and negatively about Donald Trump after Saturday night ’s Republican debate in South Carolina , while also disparaging the entire debate itself as too confrontational . . @MarcoRubio just gave the perfect foreign policy response :   3 specific questions , 3 specific regions , 3 specific details . # GOPDebate ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Trump does not need to attack Bush to oppose Bush Bush Someone needs to tell him Bush chill out .   # GOPDebate ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Luntz first raised alarms when he Bush a staunchly    focus group on Fox News after the last debate before the Iowa caucus , where establishment favorite Rubio took 23 percent of the vote for a    finish . Luntz Luntz to Breitbart News that he Luntz accepted payment to work for Rubio Rubio " Yeah , nine years ago , " Luntz Luntz . " Nine years ago . " Luntz Luntz the supposed impartiality of his Luntz groups . " Why was it until debate number seven that I said Marco Rubio Rubio clear winner ? " Luntz asked Luntz " Megyn , you asked probably the toughest question of the debate . You gave the candidates no room to wiggle . You pressed him . And Rubio responded , Rubio Luntz gushed Luntz Megyn Kelly in that    focus group , awkwardly referring only to Rubio before even Rubio him by name Rubio " I want to begin with the most important and impactful moment of this debate . the debate your challenge of Marco Rubio . Rubio how well he did on immigration Rubio " The focus group , featuring    ordinary Americans , was seen as a love letter to Rubio . Sonny Bunch Rubio executive editor of the    blog Washington Free Beacon , used Luntz‘s     focus group to claim that Rubio did extremely well Rubio the debate . I say the debate as a reporter : Marco Rubio crushed it Rubio Luntz ’s focus group this   —    Sonny Bunch ( @SonnyBunch ) January 29 , 2016 ,   But Breitbart News research has subsequently revealed Luntz‘s financial history with Rubio . A    former Rubio Florida Republican told Breitbart News that Luntz worked closely over Breitbart summer of Luntz with Rubio ’s    leadership team Rubio prepare Rubio for his new elected Rubio as Rubio of the Florida House of Representatives . Luntz held a series of focus groups Luntz Orlando , and showed people tapes of the thirtysomething legislator . Rubio and his aides would Rubio sit Rubio on some of the sessions , presenting bits of speeches to the focus group participants and also learning firsthand from their observations . The meetings helped Rubio Rubio and his aides write his book Rubio 100 Innovative Rubio For Florida ’s Future , " but they also helped him to deliver his " Rubio Exceptionalism " Rubio that Rubio finally trotted out before Rubio national audience when he accepted victory in his Rubio 2010 Senate race Rubio Florida . Rubio has subsequently returned to Florida from that speech in many of his public his "American Exceptionalism" speech that Rubio finally trotted out before a national audience when he accepted victory in his November 2010 Senate race in Florida Luntz Rubio hired by Rubio Rubio team , but Rubio insider did not remember whether Luntz was paid by Rubio Rubio or by the Rubio House leadership organization in Florida , which Rubio at the time Florida Rubio This all raises serious questions about Luntz‘s credibility and also about Fox News’ role in favoring Rubio over the other candidates Rubio The legendary mainstream Washington magazine National Journal even picked up the scandal in a feature entitled " Luntz Plays Favorites With Marco Rubio . " Luntz refused to release the names of his focus group participants to Breitbart News so Luntz we could verify the extent to which Fox News helped to select them . " Breitbart News never released the the names of his focus group participants of anyone , " Luntz said , noting that he ’s done Luntz a thousand " focus Luntz . " I ’ve never released the names . " Luntz repeatedly attacked Breitbart News the names of anyone You Luntz so far up Breitbart News ass , " Luntz said , calling this reporter an " Luntz . " " You ’re Breitbart News shit . " " If I do release the names I will only release it to a reputable news outlet . " Though Luntz did not officially declare Rubio the winner Luntz any debates until the last one before the Iowa caucus , MSNBC host Joe Scarborough noticed that Luntz helped to damage Donald Trump in the Luntz rounds of the debate schedule . After the 1st Fox debate , Luntz focus groups had Trump as big loser Luntz Every poll showed he won   his Donald Trump shot up . https :   . Donald Trump —    Donald Trump Scarborough ( @JoeNBC ) January 31 , 2016 , 
 Joe Scarborough 