January 24 , 2017 , What are the    Partnership and NAFTA ? Today ’s show begins by explaining these agreements and why the new U. S. president is rejecting one and planning to renegotiate the other . A tense leadership change in Gambia , a look at the world ’s most expensive places to live , and a retailer ’s balancing act between online and     stores complete today ’s coverage . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Ten minutes of world news starts right now . It ’s great to see you this January 24th .   I ’m Carl Azuz , your host for CNN 10 . First story : U. S. President Donald Trump has signed an executive action to pull back from the negotiating process of the Trans Pacific Partnership .   Here ’s what all that means : first , the Trans Pacific Partnership , or TPP , it ’s a the Trans Pacific Partnership, or TPP international trade deal involving 12 countries located around the Pacific Rim .   It ’s supposed the Trans Pacific Partnership, or TPP encourage more trade , more business between them , partly the Trans Pacific Partnership, or TPP getting rid of tariffs , taxes on certain goods that countries import . Former President Barack Obama who helped negotiate the TPP said it ’d be the TPP for American workers .   But critics and some U. S. lawmakers disagreed .   They said the critics and some U. S. lawmakers can The Trans Pacific Partnership more U. S. manufacturing U. S. overseas .   And while he was on Former President Barack Obama who helped negotiate the TPP campaign trail , Mr. Trump had Former President Barack Obama who helped negotiate the TPP withdraw from the TPP . ( the TPP CLIP ) DONALD TRUMP , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :   The Trans Pacific Partnership is another disaster , done and pushed by special interests . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   The deal was not final and needed to be ratified by Congress and Congress had not done that under President Congress .   Many Democrats were against the TPP and though many the TPP supported it , some backed away from the TPP over time .   The the TPP of President Trump signaled to the other nations involved that the TPP probably would n’t go the TPP the TPP Another international trade deal that candidate Trump campaigned against was NAFTA .   That deal President Trump finalized years ago .   But Another international trade deal that candidate Trump campaigned , Mr. Trump is now moving to renegotiate it . President Trump ’s blamed NAFTA for hurting American manufacturing Another international trade deal that candidate Trump campaigned but President Trump leading Republican lawmakers NAFTA pulling out of NAFTA could hurt businesses across the U. S. ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE NAFTA REPORTER :   You might have heard of NAFTA , also known as the North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA   It was the first agreement of its kind and still makes the world ’s biggest free trade It .    So , just what is it ? Well , let ’s begin with the basics .   First , it includes Canada , the U. S. and Mexico .   It was proposed in 1992 by these guys and it was It controversial .   Critics feared massive job losses It with businesses packing up and moving production to Mexico .   Supporters though , they claimed that it will Mexico to cheaper goods and that Supporters lead to economic growth . In fact , it was so controversial that in the 1992 presidential election , a billionaire , outsider , presidential candidate shot to the top of the polls railing against it .   Businessman Ross Perot .   Sounds pretty familiar it But NAFTA won out in the end with Congress and then President Clinton ratifying it in 1993 . WILLIAM J. CLINTON ,    OF THE NAFTA STATES :   We are ready to compete and we can win .    REPORTER :   NAFTA is a We , incredibly complicated document .   But NAFTA its core , it ’s pretty simple .   Before NAFTA NAFTA when items NAFTA imported , they were taxed . NAFTA After NAFTA , they were n’t items   This protects goods made NAFTA at items expense of consumers since the tax on foreign products is passed down , higher tariffs , more expensive goods , less trade . Free trade agreements like NAFTA removed those tariffs incentivizing trade and lowering cost for consumers NAFTA   Tariffs were greatly reduced at the start of the agreement in 1994 and totally eliminated by 2008 .    So , what did NAFTA accomplished ? It ’s not easy pinpointing the exact effects NAFTA NAFTA ’s had because there are many factors in how economies NAFTA .   But since the agreement , U. S. trade amongst Mexico and Canada has the agreement   The U. S. trade deficit with Canada and Mexico has increased significantly .    But according to this Canada report Mexico NAFTA actually has n’t    that large an effect on the NAFTA S. economy .   NAFTA only increased the U. S. GDP by a few hundreds NAFTA a percent because relative to the size of the total economy , trade with Mexico and Canada is n’t that big .    So , the Mexico question Canada all , how has it    American jobs ?    Economists agree there ’s no simple    .   It ’s impossible to completely separate the effects NAFTA ’s had on the economy from other external forces , like recessions , currency evaluations the total economy automation and overall increases in globalization .   Many U. S. manufacturing jobs have moved overseas to countries that America does n’t even have free trade agreements with , like China .    Overall , domestic manufacturing has taken a spill .   Oh .   Trade has increased and goods are cheaper . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   There ’s been a tense leadership change in the West African nation of Gambia .    This is the smallest country on the Africa continent , population just over 2 million .   Its former leader , Yahya Jammeh , took over in a military coup population 1994 .   In the years that followed , the country became a presidential republic with President Jammeh winning every election since the smallest country on the Africa continent until last month .   That ’s when Mr. Jammeh was surprisingly defeated by a property developer named Adama Barrow . Though President Jammeh the presidency at first , he then rejected the results and stayed put President Jammeh while the new president was sworn President Jammeh in neighboring Senegal last Thursday .    Military troops President Jammeh the region , supported by the United Nations Security Council were deployed to remove Jammeh from power .   But after negotiations , Jammeh ultimately stepped down and left the country President Jammeh   International troops are planning to stay in President Jammeh ’s capital to provide security Senegal new president takes over . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia . President Jammeh Kong , Sydney , and Vancouver have in common ?   Are they all north of the equator , south of the equator , Pacific locations or Atlantic locations ?    Hong Hong Kong, Sydney, and Vancouver , Sydney , Australia , and Vancouver British the equator located around different parts of the Pacific Ocean Hong Kong END VIDEO Sydney ) AZUZ : They ’re also the three most expensive places to live , according to a new survey .   The Demographia International Housing Hong Kong, Sydney, Australia, and Vancouver British Columbia Survey comes out every year .   What it does is compare The Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey with median household incomes in a given area .   The more than house prices exceed incomes The Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey the more unaffordable a place is considered .    For the ninth year straight , Hong Kong came in as the most unaffordable place to live on a list of 406 major city markets .   Home prices there are 18 times what the median household earns in a year .   In Sydney , they ’re just over 12 times what people earn .   In Vancouver , they ’re just under 12 times the median annual income the median household Now , contrast that with one of the least expensive places to live the median household Racine , Wisconsin , where home prices are only 1 . 8 times what people make in a year .   Looking at countries , the U. S. had the most affordable housing market overall , followed by Japan and the United Kingdom . On websites , customers can find things easily , sometimes to save money , order with single click .   But they may not spend as much time shopping and they may be hesitant to buy something new they ca n’t see in person . customers In stores , people can try on clothes customers ask for an opinion , return something customers .   Some retailers are finding the best business is having the best of both worlds . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) VANESSA YURKEVICH , DIGITAL CORRESPONDENT , " CNN MONEY " ( ):   Online shopping is expected to reach almost half a trillion dollars in the next three years , but brick and mortar stores still bring in 10 times that .    So , how do you appeal to the shopper of today and tomorrow ?   Be in both places at the same time . DAVID GILBOA ,       WARBY PARKER :   We ’re finding that customers are really responding and voting with their wallets when we open a store .   And then it also creates awareness and drives business to online sales , as well customers YURKEVICH :   Neil Blumenthal and Dave Gilboa started Warby Parker out their New York apartment six years ago .   Today , the company ’s been BLUMENTHAL:   1 billion .   And in just three BLUMENTHAL:   they ’ve opened 31 stores in the U. S. and BLUMENTHAL:   sales . NEIL BLUMENTHAL ,       WARBY PARKER :   For the traditional optical shop , you BLUMENTHAL:   in , the glasses are under a lock Neil Blumenthal .   They ’re behind the counter , out of reach .   You ca n’t interact with them .   In our stores , we ’ve used technology that we built BLUMENTHAL:   .   So , when you go to check out , there ’s not a BLUMENTHAL:   register .   All of our our associates have iPad minis our they our using software that we ’ve written to help you check out seamlessly . YURKEVICH ( on camera ) :   So our you ’re essentially making it very All of our sales associates for people not to our your product . GILBOA :   We ’re trying to use technology to enhance customer experiences and really rethink the way that glasses are sold . YURKEVICH ( ):   That includes a user profile , just like you would have on social media . BLUMENTHAL :   That sales associate can take a picture wearing the glasses and you in nicely formatted email with the click and you can Neil Blumenthal out on your way home . YURKEVICH :   According to Warby , 85 percent of people who go to their stores have been to their website first and their YURKEVICH:   still more profitable .    BLUMENTHAL :   You know , it ’s funny , in a few years , I do n’t think their ’re going to their about these businesses in terms of distinct channels BLUMENTHAL:   offline , because it ’s so integrated .   So , we just need to build the company that ’s adaptable regardless of the medium . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   For " 10 Out of 10 (END VIDEOTAPE) lost his marbles .   we you thought we were just talking crazy . A trailer ripped open recently on an interstate in Indianapolis , Indiana .   No one was hurt but 38 , 000 pounds of someone , 38 , 000 pounds , we onto an embankment on the side of the road .   Yes , part of it had to be shut down , while officials collected the marbles .    According to Chron . com , police were planning to use vacuums , though the site said someone on Twitter suggested they ’d use hungry , hungry hippos .    Maybe that ’s his marbles    idea .   Even if you toyed with it , you ’d find someone who was game and if it worked     hey police you ’d be on a roll y’ all . I ’m Carl Azuz and you know I ’ve lost my marbles shooting puns like this .   Have a great Tuesday . Click it to access the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 AZUZ:   growing audience interested in compact    news broadcasts his marbles explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why CNN 10 making news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 10 