  ( CNN ) Eight days before Donald Trump won the presidency , Donald Trump singled out FBI director James Comey for a special round of praise during a speech to supporters in Grand Rapids , Michigan . " It took guts for FBI director James Comey to make the move that he FBI director James Comey , " Donald Trump said of the FBI chief ’s decision to make public the bureau ’s revived probe into Hillary Clinton ’s private email server . " It took a lot of guts . " But on Tuesday night , with the FBI investigating the Trump campaign ’s alleged ties to Russia , the White House , acting on advice from the Justice Department , fired Comey .   Their stated reason ? His handling Comey the Clinton email case .   " The way the director Comey conclusion of the email investigation was wrong , " Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein wrote in a letter explaining his reasoning . Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein He added , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein irony , that Comey had been Comey to use his July press Comey , in which he publicly cleared Comey , to Clinton release derogatory information about the subject of a declined criminal investigation , " a reference to Comey ’s broadly Comey remarks about Clinton ’s behavior Clinton Trump railed against the initial announcement , he openly celebrated the Trump director ’s letter to Congress , delivered on October 28     when early voting had already begun in some states     that his investigators were examining Trump discovered emails that " appear to be pertinent " to the server probe . Related : Clinton says she ’d Clinton president Clinton election had been held October 27 , In the end , there was nothing newly pertinent to the probe . But the server probe meantime , Trump crowed . " I really disagreed with him ( in July ) Trump was not his fan , " he Trump in Michigan on Trump . " But I ’ll tell you what     what he did , he brought Trump his reputation Trump He brought Trump back . Trump ’s his reputation to hang Trump because a lot of people want him to do the wrong Trump .   " But what he did , " Trump Trump , " was the right thing . " Then last week , after Comey ’s most recent testimony , Trump tweeted the FBI director Trump the " best thing " that could have happened to Clinton because he " gave her a Comey pass for Clinton bad deeds ! " Democrats , too , have changed their tune in the aftermath Democrats Comey ’s shock firing . Comey , top Clinton campaign staffers , many of Clinton     along with the candidate herself     believe his " October surprise " helped the candidate herself     Trump the White House . " I was as frustrated , concerned and disappointed as anyone with Director Comey ’s handling of the Comey , " former Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said in Clinton statement . " But President Trump just fired the man investigating Trump the White House meddled in our election and whether members of his campaign were involved , an investigation President Trump the White House called ’charade’ only 24 hours ago Trump the White House 
 