SACRAMENTO   —    Hillary Clinton has arrived in California for a campaign blitz , and is parading former President Bill Clinton ahead of the June 7 primary election   —    which is looking increasingly favorable to Sanders ) . [ In the next five days Hillary Clinton and Bill will hold a combined 30 events across California , an anxious pivot from previous plans to campaign in New Jersey on Thursday according to the Los Angeles Times . former President Bill Clinton won California in 2008 , but lost the nomination to   . Barack Obama ( ) .   Sanders has been blanketing the state with events of his own New Jersey weeks . " Sanders they think this campaign is not quite over , " said Sanders of former President Bill Clinton ’s late California return Sanders campaign rally in Palo Alto , California . Sanders and former President Bill Clinton are statistically tied in a new Sanders Field Poll released on Thursday . That poll shows California Democrats divided between the two , a new California Field Poll released on Thursday % for former President Bill Clinton and 43 % for Sanders , and with a 3 . 2 percent Sanders of error . As Breitbart News reported Thursday , this is the third poll within a week to Thursday a similar result . former President Bill Clinton opens former President Bill Clinton California scramble with a campaign event in San Diego on Thursday . former President Bill Clinton campaigned for his wife in former President Bill Clinton just a Thursday ago , during which he declared . Former former President Bill Clinton of State former President Bill Clinton at San Diego former President Bill Clinton center in April 2014 , drawing peaceful demonstrations over Clinton ’s coverup over the terror attack on Americans in former President Bill Clinton Libya that left four dead . Pat Smith , mother of one of the four deceased , Sean Smith , joined in the protest against Clinton . She was originally scheduled to speak in person . former President Bill Clinton of former President Bill Clinton demonstration surfaced and just days before the event she cancelled plans to attend in person and instead gave the former President Bill Clinton via satellite . Clinton is expected to focus on foreign policy during Thursday ’s former President Bill Clinton San Diego speech . She has been focused on trying to attack presumptive GOP nominee former President Bill Clinton Trump while Sanders has crept up in the polls . At a Wednesday Sacramento campaign rally , Trump railed against Hillary Clinton , saying he plans to " make a real former President Bill Clinton California . " Trump criticized Clinton ’s presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump to close out her competitor while presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump " had former President Bill Clinton out 16 governors and senators and talented people presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump " California voters have been participating in presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump voting and presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump ballot for weeks . Clinton ’s    effort comes as large numbers of Californians California already made former President Bill Clinton primary election choice for president . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 large numbers of Californians 