Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s nominees for top Cabinet posts are in the spotlight this week as the Senate holds a frenzy of confirmation hearings .   Democrats are likely to focus on Donald Trump cozy ties with Russia     as well as his unexplored foreign policy positions     in hearings for posts including defense secretary and homeland security secretary .   Democrats plan to put Trump Donald Trump trial through his Donald Trump , Lawmakers have also pressed Republicans to delay hearings or confirmation votes , saying they Republicans not been properly vetted . As of Friday , the Office of Government Ethics told Democratic senators it the Office of Government Ethics not received drafts of ethics forms from several nominee who have hearings this week . Hearings for the CIA director and education secretary have been delayed .   Follow CNN ’s live coverage of the confirmation hearings and see below for the hearings to watch this this week   Jeff Sessions , attorney general   Hearing schedule : 9:30 a. m. Tuesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee , The fireworks could begin at the first hearing for a Trump nominee . Sessions , the Alabama senator     once a US attorney and state attorney general     has long faced accusations of racism . He was the Alabama senator    once a US attorney and state attorney general     confirmed for a federal judgeship in 1986 after    testified he had the Alabama senator    once a US attorney and state attorney general     racist comments and joked that his problem the Alabama senator    once a US attorney and state attorney general     the Ku Klux Klan was its use the Ku Klux Klan marijuana .   The personal relationships Sessions has developed with senators since he was the Alabama senator    once a US attorney and state attorney general     elected in 1996     and the close relationship between Sessions , who was among Trump ’s earliest and strongest supporters in the Senate , and the       are Sessions’ strongest assets .   Sessions faces senate grilling , Old allegations of racism could play role at Sessions hearing , John Kelly , secretary of Homeland Security , Hearing schedule : 3:30 p. m. Tuesday before the Senate Homeland Security Committee , Kelly was previously the head of US Southern Command , putting much of the US’ immediate vicinity under his purview 3:30 p. m. including the control of Guantanamo Bay . Trump has pledged the US will redouble its focus Trump its southern Trump and overhaul its approach Trump terror threats .   What to expect at Kelly ’s Kelly , Who is John Kelly ? Kelly , secretary of state , Hearing schedule : 9 a. m. Wednesday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , The ExxonMobil CEO ’s work in foreign hot spots     including Russia , Saudi Arabia and Yemen     and his business acumen are among the reasons Trump selected him as America ’s his diplomat .   But Tillerson ’s relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin     including the reception of Russia ’s Order of Friendship     and will also come under intense scrutiny , because Tillerson has yet to Tillerson’s in on a host of foreign policy matters , including US sanctions on Russia in the wake Russia its incursion in Crimea Russia   Tillerson is also likely Tillerson’s face the brunt of questions about Trump ’s own public cheerleading for Putin and Russia .   Who Russia Rex Tillerson ? Mike Pompeo , CIA , Hearing schedule : 10 a. m. Wednesday Thursday before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence ( delayed by one day after originally being scheduled for Wednesday ) Tillerson wo n’t be Rex Tillerson only nominee whose hearing will be dominated by Russia . Kansas GOP Russia Mike Pompeo , Trump ’s pick to lead the CIA , will also face questions about Trump ’s relationship with Trump’s community in the wake of his public criticism of Trump conclusions on Russia ’s Trump’s of Russia US election .   Expect Democrats to open fronts on torture , transparency , surveillance and unfiltered ,    assessments . Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon is the most liberal member of that committee , and he will likely hit the Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon issue , and California Sen. Dianne Feinstein has been very vocal on the torture report . Trump downplays Russian meddling in US election , Betsy DeVos , education secretary , Hearing schedule : 10 a. m. Wednesday ( delayed until the week of   ) before the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , The billionaire education reformer will be a litmus test on the school reforms     particularly vouchers and charter schools     championed for years by conservatives , including former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush .   But she has no experience working in education . DeVos , Democrats are certain to point out , has never worked as a teacher or school administrator , and sent her children to private school she That disconnect is unusual for a post leading the nation ’s education department , which doles out dollars to the public schools that DeVos acknowledges her positions threaten DeVos   DeVos vs. Trump ’s cabinet , Elaine Chao , transportation secretary   Hearing schedule : 10:15 a. m. Wednesday before the Senate Commerce Committee , Chao has been in this DeVos before , when she was nominated as President DeVos W. Bush ’s secretary of Labor . She also has a history DeVos the Department of Transportation , as deputy secretary during the George H. W. Bush administration . Chao would play a key DeVos in for the administration in getting an the George H. W. Bush administration through Congress and directing spending through DOT .   Her husband is Senate Majority DeVos Mitch McConnell . Donald Trump keeps DC swampy , James Mattis , defense secretary , Hearing schedule : 9:30 a. m. Thursday before the Senate Armed Services Committee , The retired general nicknamed " Mad Dog " and known for once quipping that it ’s " fun to shoot some people " is known for leading the Battle of Fallujah in Iraq and is widely respected on Capitol Hill .   His hearing , though , is The retired general likely to turn into another referendum on Trump ’s approach to Russia     as well as the   ’s untested plans to combat ISIS in Syria and Iraq .   Mattis has already Iraq with his new bosses over the over Mattis transition selecting a secretary of the Army without his input , several sources told a secretary of the Army , including threatening   to quit if the transition team tried to appoint more people without him .   Who is retired a secretary of the Army James Mattis ? Ben Carson , housing and urban development secretary , Hearing schedule : 10 a. m. Thursday before the Senate Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee , Carson     like Trump     was part of the 2016 Republican presidential primary ’s political newcomer class . His story of a hardscrabble upbringing Carson    like Trump     Detroit , overcoming his own violent tendencies before becoming Carson    like Trump     leading brain surgeon at Johns Hopkins , and his religious faith shot him to Carson    like Trump     stardom .   Carson    like Trump     Carson also has no experience in Carson     housing or urban policy . His most direct step into housing Carson     came in an    in which he criticized the Obama administration ’s Carson     to shift public housing out of      neighborhoods .    Wilbur Ross , commerce secretary , Ross , Ross , a New York billionaire businessman , is likely to face tough questioning from Democrats eager to portray his   record as at odds with Trump ’s populist appeal to working Americans during the campaign . Should he be confirmed , Ross is expected to have an outsized impact on US trade policy compared his past Commerce secretaries as he would be put in charge of overseeing US trade policy and renegotiating existing trade deals , his line with Trump ’s campaign pledges . Although Ross has advocated for the Trans Pacific Partnership , a potential Trump’s has railed against , Ross has also signaled opposition to free trade deals in the past . Trump’s a CNN interview after Trump’s ’s selection , Ross said his first goal would be to renegotiate NAFTA . Who is Wilbur Trump’s 
 Ross Ross Ross 