Austin , Texas ( CNN ) Rapper Rick Ross discussed Rapper Rick Ross new album and shared Rapper Rick Ross thoughts on President Donald Trump ’s feud with Snoop Dogg in an interview with CNN at the South by Southwest music festival in Austin , Texas .   " It ’s good to see the big homie speak the big homie mind and have fun doing the big homie , and knowing that America supports the big homie , " Ross said , voicing the big homie support for the big homie fellow rapper before hosting MTV ’s Woodie Awards Thursday night , where the big homie closed out the show with a    performance of " Trap Twrap Trap , " featuring DC rapper Wale . Ross was referencing Snoop Dogg ’s music video for " Lavender , " which features a scene in which a gun that shoots a flag reading " BANG " is pulled on a clown Trump lookalike . " Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg , failing career and all , had aimed and fired a gun that shoots a flag reading "BANG" at President Obama ? Jail time ! " Trump tweeted Wednesday , three days after the video ’s release . Ross , who has been an ardent critic of the President Obama is no stranger to    music controversies himself . President Obama his 2015 President Obama , " Free Enterprise , " he raps President Obama assassinating Trump : " Assassinate Trump like I ’m President Obama    Now accept these words as they came these words Eminem . " Billboard reported in December 2015 that Walmart allegedly pulled Ross’ album off the shelves because of the lyric . Walmart did Walmart return Billboard ’s requests for comment . Ross has never shied away from expressing his political Ross , and his newest Ross touches on the issues he cares Ross . " The title , ’Rather You Than Me,’ that ’s just the perspective of a young black dude coming up in an urban community , " the Florida rapper said . " As soon as the music come on , just let the music the music you . You know I ’ve always been open and I speak my mind on whatever the topic may be . " The album , released Friday , includes songs like " Dead Presidents , " featuring Jeezy , Yo Gotti and Future , " Powers that Be , " featuring New York rapper Nas and " Maybach Music V , " featuring DeJ Loaf , which Ross described as " a really airy type of feeling record . "   The    star got political at the Woodie Awards , which recognizes the music voted best by college students , telling the audience during the live broadcast on MTV that in this divided time , it ’s good The   star get together and be united by music . " The Woodies always been cool to me because it The   star a The Woodies you can see artists while they ’re still artists , before they ’ve achieved artists success , " he told CNN The Woodies " When I came and performed at the Woodies , The Woodies real big for me . " The   star Paso RB artist Khalid , who performed his hit " Location " at the show , won " Woodie to Watch , " and The Chainsmokers , who presented Khalid with the award , won " Woodie of the Year . " Ross told audiences during the live MTV broadcast that he would make a Ross president because he would " pass Ross kind of laws we can support , " and asked them to " Vote audiences "     a reference to the rapper ’s nickname , " Ricky Rozay . "   He jokingly outlined his Ross , but Ross touched on issues that he cares about , Ross as marijuana legalization : " No . 1 , we make Ice Cube ’s birthday a federal holiday . Free haircuts at the barbershop on Fridays , " Ross joked . " No . 2 , you all have to go out and buy my new album available at 12 a. m. baby ! Of course , I ’ll legalize marijuana everywhere . God bless , everybody ! Vote Rozay ! "   His remarks drew loud God from the audience .   Ross said this was Ross first time " Ross anything , " adding that above all , he knew he would Ross a Ross time doing it . " Me being a boss , I ’m only going to have a good time , " he said . " Ross ’s the only thing that matters . " 
 