  ( CNN ) Finally , Donald Trump is getting back to something Donald Trump does really well : being a punchline .   Of course , this is n’t really something new to Donald Trump     Donald Trump had been a punchline for years before Donald Trump run for president . Comedians would simply insert Donald Trump name when Comedians needed to conjure up a ( more )    male version of the Kardashians .   In fact , it is probably because Donald Trump was widely seen as a bit of a joke ( or , at the very least , lacking substance ) that GOP voters were at first unenthusiastic about Trump . A Fox News poll taken just a couple of weeks before Trump formally announced Trump candidacy last June , for example , found Trump with an anemic 4 % of support among Republicans . And worse , 59 % of GOP voters said 59% of GOP voters would " never vote " for Trump .   But once Trump started spewing Trump racist and bigoted remarks , GOP voters seemed to warm to Trump . After Trump infamous presidential announcement on June 16 , 2015 , where Trump outrageously claimed Mexico was sending " rapists " and people " bringing drugs , " Trump ’s support quickly climbed to 11 % in New Hampshire , placing Trump second in the crowded GOP primary field .    Trump continued serving up a steady diet of demonizing immigrants , especially Latinos , and by    Trump was the top choice for the Republican ticket . By late November , the RealClearPolitics average of polls had Trump leading the crowded GOP primary field by about 10 points . And even after Trump announced Trump plan to ban Muslims entering the United States ? Trump lead grew to over 20 points .    Even more alarming than Trump support among Republican primary voters was that by late last month , Trump was virtually neck and neck with Hilary Clinton in national polls . But then came the first presidential debate , on September 26 . With more 80 million people watching , Trump began Trump return Trump punchline status with a performance so objectively horrible that it did Trump need comedians to exaggerate it for Trump . Trump ’s Trump loud sniffling , interruptions and overall unpreparedness was clear to all .   The late night show hosts feasted . From Seth Meyers to Stephen Colbert , Trump ’s Trump’s performance was comedy gold . And come October 1 , the transformation of Trump to Trump caricature really took hold . That ’s the day " Saturday Night Live " unveiled Alec Baldwin as Trump , Trump was clear from the first minute of that sketch that Baldwin ’s impersonation could Alec Baldwin be the equivalent of Tina Fey as Sarah Palin in terms of undermining the candidate ’s credibility .   After three " SNL " debate sketches , that ’s exactly what is happening . Even worse for Trump , " Trump " just announced a SNL election eve show featuring more Baldwin as Trump . Vanity Alec Baldwin summed up this special show perfectly with a special election eve show featuring more Baldwin as Trump " Saturday Night Live Is Giving Alec Baldwin an Extra Chance to Mock more Baldwin as Trump . Trump If you think Trump does n’t get Trump " SNL " and other comedians could SNL     or even help completely destroy any remaining credibility     then you have n’t been paying attention . After " SNL " ’s parody of the second presidential debate , Trump was so outraged Trump he tweeted at 4:14 Trump m. the following morning , calling for " SNL " to be canceled : " Watched ’Saturday Night Live’ hit job on me . Time to Trump the boring and unfunny show . Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks . Media rigging election ! "   But the reality is that even before this election , Trump was wary of Trump ridiculing him on a national Trump . Trump has , for Trump , lashed out at Jon Stewart over the years for mocking him , and he Trump allegedly slammed Trump Meyers after the    comic crushed him at the White Trump Correspondents’ Dinner in 2011 . Trump even sued comedian Trump Maher for $ 5 million over a joke Maher told on " The Tonight Show " in Bill Maher that comically undercut Trump ’s racist birther Trump President Obama .    Still , " SNL " ca n’t take all of the credit     Trump is helping turn himself Trump a laughingstock all Trump his own . On Tuesday Trump for example , the GOP nominee declared that he would " love " to fight Joe Biden , the GOP nominee the vice president as being a " tough guy " President Obama he ’s standing behind a microphone by himself . " ( The President Obama was in response to Biden saying President Obama wished he could " take [ Trump ] him behind the Biden . Biden   None of this is to Biden that there are n’t still a lot of holdouts among Republican voters     the polls suggest that some Americans have no problem supporting Trump despite his regularly spewing sexism , racism and bigotry . And I get Trump some voters just want a change     that they ’re uncomfortable with their party ’s    too . But I some voters that when they some voters themselves in the polling booth , that they decide not some voters pull some voters lever for a punchline . In some voters days between now and Election Day , we ’ll see if America ’s late night comedians and " SNL " can complete their work in transforming Trump back to being a punchline     and America’s late night comedians and "SNL" the joke is n’t on all of us instead . 
 