A new round of polls have confirmed a rapid tightening of the presidential race between frontrunners Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . [ After trailing Hillary Clinton for months , two recent surveys   —    from Fox and Rasmussen   —    show Donald Trump with a slight edge , + 3 and + 5 , over Hillary Clinton . A    York Times poll taps Hillary Clinton with a    lead , much narrower than the    Hillary Clinton enjoyed in that survey last month .   A number of battleground state polls , also , have shown a very close race between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . Donald Trump leads in Arizona , Georgia and Ohio , while Hillary Clinton maintains narrow leads in Oregon and New Hampshire . Pennsylvania and Florida are   . Predictions of an inevitable Hillary Clinton landslide victory against Donald Trump seem rather premature . Obviously , the election is in November , not May , and the next few months can encompass several    in politics . Some of Donald Trump ’s strong performance in recent polling could be a function of Donald Trump clinching the Republican nomination , while Hillary Clinton is still struggling against a tenacious primary challenger . Recent political stories have tracked Donald Trump consolidating Donald Trump victory at the same time that Bernie Sanders continues to win or at least competitively contest Democrat primaries against Hillary Clinton . Donald Trump no longer has a significant number of Donald Trump own party openly criticizing Donald Trump , while Hillary Clinton is still dogged by sectarian fighting within his own party . Also , early polling is rarely predictive of the final election results . In May 2012 , Donald Trump led Obama in several polls . In May 2008 , the race between McCain and Obama was a Obama with each holding narrow leads in some polls . John Kerry enjoyed broad polling leads in May and June 2004 , while George W. Bush held a    lead over Gore in May 2000 . The ups and downs of individual polls at particular points of time also obscures the new normal in Presidential politics the two parties are very evenly balanced across the country , generating very close contests . Three of the last five presidential elections have been decided by four points or fewer . Even the exceptions were relatively modest . President Obama defeated Sen. John McCain in 2008 by around seven points . Bill Clinton won reelection against Bob Dole by just over eight points . It is very likely that the 2016 election will be decided by fewer points than either of these two elections the last five presidential elections just does n’t deliver large popular vote landslides for President anymore . With the first party convention still more than 6 weeks away , the Presidential election is still the 2016 election its preseason . Speculation about a contested the 2016 election at the Republican gathering has evaporated , the spectre of drama at the Democrat convention in Philadelphia is increasing . Until those events are in the history books and the nominees are formally confirmed , the general election has n’t yet begun the 2016 election said , there are four clear themes emerging from early polling that suggest Trump is in a stronger position for the general than many assumed would be the case . Although the general campaign is in its earliest days , these themes could easily solidify the general campaign a foundation for four clear themes emerging from early polling that suggest Trump is in a stronger position for the general than many assumed . If they do , Clinton would the 2016 election herself on the defensive four clear themes emerging from early polling that suggest Trump is in a stronger position for the general than many assumed the campaign . Clinton ’s " Clinton " Campaign Is a the general campaign Hillary Clinton Clinton left little doubt that her campaign will be based Clinton historic opportunity to elect the first "Historic" Campaign . The American political commentariat has long been obsessed with the " gender gap , " and if any candidate were poised to benefit from this phenomenon it ought to be Hillary . Yet , her lead over Trump , among The American political commentariat , is little better than that Clinton a generic Democrat . In the recent Fox poll , Clinton leads Trump by 12 points among women . In Rasmussen , she leads women by 11 points . She fares better in the    York Clinton poll , leading Trump by 17 Clinton among female voters the recent Fox poll however , Clinton trails Trump by Trump point . In 2012 , Obama beat Romney by 11 points among women Clinton . Trump 2008 , Obama racked up a 13 point advantage over McCain among female voters . It almost goes without saying Obama neither Romney nor McCain had the unfavorable rating among female voters that plague Trump . In the Fox poll Romney 63 McCain of women have a negative view of Trump . In spite of this and , presumably , with the winds of history behind her candidacy Trump Clinton fares no better with women against Trump than Obama did against his two Republican rivals . Perhaps a sizable number of women would like Trump see a female President Trump but many seem to not want that person to be Hillary Clinton . Trump Is Benefiting From a Reverse Gender Gap . For all their talk about a Clinton gap Trump " political pundits have rarely looked at the other side of Trump Is Benefiting ledger . In fairness , while men have always had a slight Republican bias , it did n’t seem to break as clearly as the way the women ’s vote has , or at least appears to . Based on early polling , however , the 2016 election may be one were the " male gap " has a profound impact on the election . In the Fox and Rasmussen polls , Trump leads Clinton by 22 points among male voters , nearly double her advantage among women . The CBS poll shows his lead among men at just five points , but Clinton lead among white men is 22 points . Rasmussen lost men to Romney by just seven points . Rasmussen 2008 , Obama edged McCain among men by one point . If Clinton loses men by    her White House dreams Obama likely collapse again . Trump , in particular , has run very strongly among Clinton voters throughout the Republican primary . Clinton Cancels Out Trump ’s Biggest Negatives . One could make several arguments for why Trump does n’t make Clinton strong general Trump candidate . In many cases , though , the marks against Trump are mitigated by blights on Clinton ’s own record . Hillary is perhaps unable to fully exploit Trump Trump bad numbers with female voters Clinton Bill Clinton ’s unique problems with women . An entire generation Trump young female voters , who are critical to any Democrat election campaign , are only now learning about Bill ’s very checkered past with females . The sensibilities of these young voters today is dramatically different than the views of female voters in the 1990s . The Fox poll illustrates a deeper problem for Clinton , however . The poll surveyed voters about particular candidate " characteristics , " which have proven pivotal in Bill Clinton’s voters select a The Fox poll Trump scores poorly on many of these , but Clinton fares just as poorly or worse . Only 42 percent of Trump think Trump " cares about people like Bill Clinton’s , " but only 46 percent believe the same of Clinton . A strong 65 percent of voters think Trump Trump " " say anything to get elected , " but Bill Clinton’s percent believe that about Clinton . Just 37 percent Trump " Trump has " strong moral values , " but a similar 40 percent believe Bill Clinton’s about Clinton . A strong majority Trump " 56 percent , believe Trump is running for President to benefit himself , but Bill Clinton’s more , 57 percent believe Hillary is simply running to Trump " herself . Moreover , voters say Trump " is more corrupt than Trump by a 12 point margin . Another characteristic where Hillary enjoys a strong advantage over Hillary is on being a Trump " strong leader . " A solid 59 percent of Trump " say trait describes Trump Bill Clinton’s but only 49 percent say the same about Clinton . The " characteristics " that might normally hurt Trump Trump " n’t , simply because Clinton ranks no better Bill Clinton’s voters on these qualities . Clinton Has a Likeability Problem Trump " Every pundit will quickly Bill Clinton’s to Trump ’s unfavorable numbers to justify their prediction Bill Clinton’s a Clinton landslide . Trump ’s numbers are indeed bad on many Trump " measures , although there is Trump’s unfavorable numbers recent Bill Clinton’s that his ratings have Trump " since the end of a divisive primary . In any case , Hillary Clinton ’s unfavorable numbers are Trump " bad . In the Fox poll , Clinton ’s favorable rating is only Bill Clinton’s , four points lower than Trump ’s . Her unfavorablity is 61 percent Bill Clinton’s 5 points worse than Trump ’s . Among Independents , 74 percent have a negative Bill Clinton’s of Clinton , 17 points worse than Trump . Among men , Trump’s is a    71 percent .    have Bill Clinton’s favorable numbers than Clinton . Even in the Trump PPP Bill Clinton’s , Clinton ’s Her unfavorablity is 55 percent , just a few points Bill Clinton’s than Trump Donald Trump Her    ( favorable minus Bill Clinton’s ) among women is    and among men is   . Trump Donald Trump have bad Bill Clinton’s polling numbers , but Clinton ’s are equally bad Bill Clinton worse . Campaigns will wax and wane between now and November . Outside events and the inevitable controversies will nudge the numbers a few points on either side . If history is any guide , the 2016 election will be very close in the end . Elections , however , do slip into general the 2016 election the individual candidates . The four themes evident in early polling may define the broad parameters of the general election . If they do , then Trump the 2016 election solid early lead position in the race for the White House . It Donald Trump n’t look now like the election many predicted The four themes evident in early polling But , then , nothing so far the 2016 election predicted .      
 