Washington ( CNN ) A top Clinton Foundation official defended Clinton Foundation " lifesaving work " Sunday amid new criticism and     accusations over Hillary Clinton ’s connections to Clinton Foundation top donors .   " None of the Clintons have ever taken a salary and do n’t profit from Clinton Foundation , " Craig Minassian , the Clinton Foundation ’s chief communications officer , told MSNBC .   Donald Trump and Republicans have targeted the Clinton Foundation charging that it served Clinton Foundation a conduit for access to Clinton ’s State Department .   " This is an example of     politics the American people are sick and tired of , " Mike Pence , Trump ’s Donald Trump mate , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper Sunday on " State of the Union . " What is the Clinton Foundation ? The Clintons , while denying any wrongdoing , have planned a series of changes     including refusing to accept foreign and corporate contributions and shifting some of its programs The Clintons other charities     designed to reduce appearances of impropriety if Hillary Clinton wins the 2016 presidential race .   Still , Minassian insisted the foundation the Clinton Foundation n’t being reduced .   " We ’re not trying to wind it down . What the foundation’s work ’re trying to We is transition the program , " he said , acknowledging Minassian " obviously there ’s a different environment now     a different media environment a different set of criticisms and critiques . " Minassian ’s comments come Minassian fresh    controversy for Clinton : Newly released emails show State Department aide Huma Abedin and    Clinton Foundation official Doug Band discussed getting representatives of foundation donors seats to an official lunch with Chinese President Hu Jintao .   AP defends Clinton investigation , admits ’sloppy’ Clinton , UBS CEO of private wealth management Bob McCann , Rockefeller Foundation president Judith Rodin and Western Union CEO Hikmet Ersek were listed in Band ’s December 2010 email to Abedin .   " I ’ll ask , " she responded .   Nearly Abedin weeks later , Band followed up specifically about Band , emailing Abedin : " Can we get her at Biden ’s table Abedin " A representative of Ersek told CNN he did CEO Hikmet Ersek end up A representative of Ersek an invitation and did not attend . Others have not yet responded to CNN ’s inquiries about their CNN . The emails Others obtained by the conservative group Citizens United and first reported by ABC News .   " As the State Department said last week , ’the Department ’s actions under Secretary Clinton were always taken with the intent to advance our foreign policy interests and with no other intent in mind than that,’ " Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin told Secretary Clinton , citing State Department spokesman Mark Toner ’s comments to reporters last week .   " last week made clear that department officials ’are in touch with a wide range of outside individuals , organizations , nonprofits , NGOs , think tanks,’ and others as part of normal business , " Schwerin said . " Citizens United is a    group that ’s been attacking the Clintons since the 1990s and , once again , is trying to make something out of nothing . " A State Department spokeswoman also said the department found nothing inappropriate about State Department .   " The State Department does not believe it State Department the administration to consider individuals State Department by outside organizations when deciding who to invite to an official function , " State Department Director of Press Relations Elizabeth Trudeau said State Department statement . In another email forwarded by Band to Abedin , businessman and Clinton Foundation donor Gerardo Wertheim praises Abedin Malta is going to meet with , with Band calling Wertheim a " great friend " and " Band supporter . "   Abedin then forwarded the email to a State Department official asking for the ambassador ’s assistant to be told that the rabbi is " recommended by Gerardo the US ambassador in Malta good friend and foundation supporter a rabbi Clinton . Just want donor Gerardo Wertheim along for info . No need for action . Thank you . " Minassian said in a statement the emails " are n’t related to the Clinton Foundation ’s work improving lives around the world . " Some Democrats have acknowledged that the Clinton Foundation is fair territory to explore .   " I think there ’s legitimate questions about the the Clinton Foundation " former Barack Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " the Clinton Foundation he added that Trump ’s business dealings are more problematic and the foundation has done good work .   Pence blasted Clinton over former Barack Obama campaign manager David Plouffe meetings , telling Tapper : " The simple fact is the Clinton Foundation is becoming more and more clear through direct evidence in these emails that State Department officials under Secretary of State Clinton were extending access and special favors to major donors of the Clinton Foundation , " Pence said .   Donna Brazile , the interim Democratic National Committee chairwoman , defended Clinton from criticism over the Clinton Foundation influence Sunday on CBS’ Pence Face the Nation . "   " When Republicans meet with their donors , Secretary of State Clinton their supporters , the Clinton Foundation they call it a meeting . When Democrats do that , they call it a conflict , " Republicans said . 
 Republicans Republicans Republicans it Democrats 