Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     1 . 35 : Ben Carson says Ben Carson ’s being offered money to quit the 2016 horse race . . @RealBenCarson : I ’ve Been Offered Money , Political Support to Drop Out @MariaBartiromo https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    FoxNewsInsider ( @FoxNewsInsider ) February 28 , 2016 ,   1 . 30 :   Sen. Marco Rubio fends off protestors at his rally Sen. Marco Rubio call him an Sen. Marco Rubio empty suit . " " Marco Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio " protesters stand up in his rally . his rally suit was n’t "Marco Rubio empty suit" protesters stand up in his rally China ! " he says . Sen. Marco Rubio erupts .   —    Sabrina Siddiqui ( @SabrinaSiddiqui ) February 28 , 2016 ,   2:20 : Gov. John Kasich gets an endorsement from the Detroit Free Press . Another big endorsement . This one from the Detroit @freep .   "   …     one reasonable choice   …     " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) February 28 , 2016 ,   11 . 55 : Sen. Rubio gets an endorsement from the CEO of Hobby Lobby . Hobby Lobby CEO David Green Hobby Lobby because he " regularly Sen. Rubio humility Sen. Rubio gives the glory to God . "   —    Anna Palmer ( @apalmerdc ) February 28 , 2016 ,   11:40 : Planned Parenthood touting its support for Hillary Clinton . Planned Parenthood Parenthood brags about how much Planned Parenthood will spend on Hillary Clinton https Planned Parenthood   .   Hillary Clinton pic . twitter .    —    Right to Life ( @nrlc ) February 28 , 2016 ,   11:00 A. M : Donald Trump , up early and tweeting . Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida . The people ca n’t stand him for missing so many votes   — Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio poor work ethic !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Little Marco Rubio , the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician . pic Florida twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,     Mitt Romney did n’t show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21 , 2012 Mitt Romney and then only after being humiliated by Harry R ! A bad messenger for estab !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Mitt Romney did n’t show his tax return Mitt Romney 21 , 2012 , Mitt Romney then only after SEPTEMBER 21, 2012 R ! A bad messenger for estab !   —    Harry R Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,   As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David    I disavow . pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,   10:30 : A    voter in Texas tells MSNBC that she is for a border wall and will be voting for Trump on A   voter in Texas . How did this    voter get airtime on MSNBC ? 10:00 : New York Times : Messrs. Rubio , Schumer convinced MSNBC News to give    Gang of Eight Senators " breathing room " on comprehensive amnesty bill : A few weeks after Senator Marco Rubio joined a bipartisan push for an immigration overhaul in 2013 , he arrived alongside Senator Chuck Schumer at the executive dining room of News Schumer ’s Manhattan headquarters for dinner . Their mission was to persuade Rupert Murdoch , the owner of the media empire , and Roger Ailes , the chairman and chief executive of its Fox News division , to keep the network ’s    personalities from Rupert Murdoch the legislation and give it a fighting chance at survival . Mr. Murdoch , an advocate of the legislation reform , and Mr. Ailes , Rupert Murdoch, the owner of the media empire, and Roger Ailes, the chairman and chief executive of its Fox News division senators some breathing room . But the media executives , highly attuned to the intensifying anger in the Republican grass roots , warned that the senators also needed to make their case to Rush Limbaugh , the king of conservative talk radio , who held enormous sway with the party ’s largely    base . [   …     ] the senators at News Corporation headquarters   the senators    which has not been previously reported   —    and the subsequent outreach to Mr. Limbaugh illustrate the degree to which Mr. Rubio served as the chief envoy to the conservative media for the group supporting the legislation . The bill would have provided a pathway to American citizenship for 11 million illegal immigrants along with measures to secure the borders and ensure that foreigners left the United States upon the expiration of their visas . the legislation a history that Mr. Rubio is not eager to highlight as he takes on Donald J. Trump , his rival for the Republican presidential nomination , who has made his vow to crack foreigners on illegal immigration a centerpiece of his campaign . Flashback : Rush : ‘ Quite Mr. Rubio Fox Did n’t Want Me to Mr. Rubio Immigration Reform , 9:55 : Huckabee : Trump scaring " Mr. Rubio " out of insiders , On @FoxNews @GovMikeHuckabee says @realDonaldTrump Mr. Rubio " running away with the nomination and it scares the daylights out of the insiders . "   —    Sarah Huckabee ( @SarahHuckabee ) February 28 , 2016 ,   9:47 : Sanders says his campaign is " listening to women " and pivots @realDonaldTrump pay "daylights" He rails against insiders sexism " that women still face . He also says " this campaign is listening to the    community . They Sanders asking how does it happen in this country   …      that we Sanders more people in jail than in any other country on earth Sanders " He rails his campaign racism . He says his campaign is also his campaign to our " brothers his campaign sisters in the Latino community " who are tired of being exploited , living in the shadows , and seeing their friends Sanders family get deported . 9:42 Sanders Sanders Sanders his campaign is doing well because " we are listening to the pain and the needs of ordinary people and   not to the needs of billionaire campaign contributors . " our "brothers and sisters in the Latino community" who are tired of being exploited : In Minnesota , Sanders says the campaign is about Sanders America " and " thinking big . " He says that in the last 30 years , there has been a massive redistribution of wealth in the wrong direction . Sanders accuses Republican lawmakers of Sanders it his campaign people to vote to " get out of politics and get another job Sanders if they fear free and fair elections . This was the large line # WaitingForSanders as the motorcade pulled into the Sanders in Rochester , Minnesota . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 28 , 2016 ,   people : Enthusiasm gap . Four states in a row : # SCPrimary turnout , 2008 Dem : 532 , 4682016 Dem : 359 , 066 ( 98 . 2 % reporting ) 2008 Rep : 445 , 6772016 Rep : 737 , 924 ,   —    Paul Fairie ( @paulisci ) February 28 , 2016 ,   9:16 : Minnesota : Star Tribune paper endorses Clinton , 9:12 : On CNN , Van Jones , again revealing some inconvenient truths in these    panels , says Trump is like Teflon while Clinton seems like velcro because so many charges just stick to her . 9:08 : Cruz also releases " tax returns . " Romney said " voters have a right to see tax returns . " Wondering if he thinks    Rubio and Cruz Clinton is enough . He did much more .   — Clinton Matt Viser ( @mviser ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Cruz ’s campaign points out that " it ’s possible Trump has been a significant Romney to    organizations , Cruz as Planned Parenthood , Romney would seriously undermine his claim to be   . He has repeatedly said that he thinks Planned Parenthood Cruz wonderful things.’ Moreover , for decades , Trump donated to the most liberal members of the Democratic Party , so it is reasonable to question whether he has Trump to some of the most Trump    organizations as well Trump " " It ’s time for Trump to come clean and release Trump tax returns , " Cruz said . " If he ’s not been completely honest or has supported Trump most radical    groups in America , voters deserve to know . " 8:56 : SC delegate count : Trump allocation of SC delegates , Trump @robyoon : Clinton   —    36Sanders   — Trump 11TBD   —    6 ,   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) February 28 , 2016 ,   8:50 :    reporters and pundits on    are praising Clinton for motivating " angry " black voters who were outraged by police    . They make " anger " seem    re : Hillary and something destructive when speaking about Trump supporters who are " angry " at Washington . Flashback    Anger gets Clinton to Washington polls : A 2011 University of Michigan study found that    actually motivates people to vote . " Anger in politics can play a particularly vital role Trump motivating some people Flashback participate in ways they might ordinarily not , " Nicholas Valentino , the study ’s lead author and a professor of communication studies and political science , said . " We normally think people with a lot of resources and political skills are the ones who participate , some people many citizens in this category regularly abstain from A 2011 University of Michigan study Furthermore , many citizens with few resources can be mobilized if they experience strong anger . " Valentino added that " anger leads citizens to harness existing skills and resources in a given election . Therefore , the process by which emotions are produced in each campaign can powerfully alter electoral outcomes . " 8:43 : That many citizens with few resources why they do it . Nicholas Valentino of the most popular GOP pundits on    print are those that bash the GOP . Guaranteed a return engagement !   —    Kellyanne Conway ( @KellyannePolls ) February 28 , 2016 ,   8:41 : Poor O’Malley : Willie Wilson beating O’Malley for third . This is the same Willie Wilson that got 10 % in the GOP race . pic . twitter .    —    David Shor ( @davidshor ) February 28 , 2016 ,   8:35 : On MSNBC , Chuck Todd and Andrea Poor O’Malley reveal that Clinton aides worry about MSNBC Willie Wilson Trump because Trump does n’t play by the traditional political rules . Mitchell says a Trump candidacy could be a " big problem " for Clinton . [ Tony Lee : What the GOP political pundits ( Clinton their equivalents on the left ) Trump want Trump attack the Democrats ’s " War on Women " campaign with " Trump Andrea Mitchell of women " and powerpoint presentations do not Clinton is Hillary Clinton is that kid in high school who GOP memorizes all of the GOP to the test . But she    if there is a pop quiz or anything on the test that she has not prepared for in advance . She wo n’t be able to gameplan for Trump like she can for predictable candidates like Rubio and Cruz because , frankly , Trump is so Hillary Clinton . That type of candidate is the worst nightmare for robotic candidates like Hillary Clinton . ] 8:03 : Clinton says we Hillary Clinton more " love Trump kindness Mr. Rubio in America . Hillary Clinton : Begala Rubio and Cruz . Cruz he Trump a bit nervous when crediting Trump earlier in the evening . Begala said the GOP had Clinton of the most talented Clinton fields in history and Trump steamrolled them to date . Begala said Trump America to be given Clinton for that . 7:59 : Even bigger Clinton Begala Trump Carolina : Updated SC exits    interviews give Clinton even BIGGER Begala GOP vote ( ) and she now LEADS among white Trump ( ) . Wow GOP   —    Chuck Begala ( @chucktodd ) February 28 , Clinton ,   7:55 : Slamming Sanders , Clinton says America is Clinton than a    country .    Americans need a Clinton . The country needs better jobs . Clinton says do n’t let anyone tell   you you ca n’t   make things in America . I know Sanders can Clinton I know we will . America also rails against " systemic racism " that still " plays a significant America Clinton who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind . " She talks about criminal justice reform and immigration America . " Opportunity , dignity , Clinton justice " for everyone she we . She also thanks five mothers whose sons were killed by    violence —   including Trayvon Martin ’s America   who Clinton for her across South Carolina . 7:52 : Clinton says    Street will " pay a price " if Clinton turn their Clinton on America . 7:51 : Clinton also says this victory for the entrepreneur who told her more dreams die in the parking Clinton of banks than anywhere else . Clinton says that ’s South Carolina for women and people of color . 7:49 : Clinton claims " grassroots donors Clinton America this they . " 7:46 : Hillary : Clinton , this campaign goes national . In South Carolina , Hillary says she Clinton so gratefully appreciative of South Carolinas . She says " if we stand together Clinton there is no barrier too big his campaign . " Clinton congratulates Sen. Sanders on running a his campaign Hillary " tomorrow , this campaign goes national . " She says she Hillary not South Carolina and anyone for granted . She thanks Hillary and the 850 , 00 people who have contributed to her campaign Clinton 7:42 : Rep. Clyburn on the stage at Clinton ’s victory party his campaign to introduce Clinton . His endorsement —   and political Hillary — Hillary helped Clinton big time to say the least . Hillary : Clinton dominates with black voters over his campaign SC exit : Black Hillary under 30 :   % Clinton over :   % Clinton ,   Clinton    Steve Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) February 28 , 2016 , Clinton Rep. Clyburn on the stage at Clinton’s victory party : Priebus highlights Democrats ’s low    candidates Clinton Dem voters forced to make an impossible choice between 1 candidate facing FBI investigation   another that ’s a    socialist ,   Clinton    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Momentum   enthusiasm is clearly    GOP . GOP contests have record turnout while Dems lag behind   fallen far short from turnout 8 yrs ago ,   —    Reince Priebus ( @Reince ) February 28 , 2016 ,   7:18 : Tough map for Sanders going forward : If Sanders is going to lose black vtrs like Clinton ’08 , he GOP need GOP do as well among    voters as Clinton ’08 —   to get a tie .   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) February 28 , 2016 Sanders   Results in # Sanders show hill 4 @BernieSanders : In total 08 exits @HillaryClinton Sanders + 16 whites , + 26 Latino O won 82 % of AA   beat her .   —    Ronald Brownstein ( @RonBrownstein ) February 28 , 2016 ,   7:15 : Hillary thanks South Carolina Dems : To South Carolina , to the volunteers at the heart of our campaign , to the supporters who power it : thank you .    pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) February 28 , 2016 ,   7:13 : Sanders concedes South Hillary . In his concession statement , Sanders South Carolina is his campaign the campaign South Carolina and his grassroots supporters . Let me be clear on one thing tonight . This campaign is just beginning . We won a decisive victory in New    . Sanders won a decisive victory in Sanders Carolina . Now Sanders ’s Sanders to Super Tuesday South Carolina Sanders said in Sanders concession statement . " In just three days , Democrats in 11 his campaign pick 10 times more pledged delegates on one day than were selected in the four early states so far in this campaign . Our his campaign political revolution is growing state by state Sanders and we South Carolina stop now . " 7:08 : Hillary overwhelmingly winning black voters in South Carolina his concession statement Whites   . Exit polls : among white voters , 47 % say Clinton not   his campaign go for Sanders 9 to 1 . How does this play on # SuperTuesday ?   —    Jo Ling Kent ( @jolingkent ) February 28 , 2016 Hillary   Right Sanders Clinton winning black # SCPrimary voters 84   —    15 % South Carolina according Clinton CBS exit polling ,   —    The Root ( @TheRoot ) February 28 , 2016 ,   7:00 : No 47% . Networks project Hillary Clinton win South Carolina ’s Dem . Primary . 6:55 Clinton Trump keeps hammering Rubio about his credit card scandal . He Sanders he is    his campaign and is not beholden lobbyists . 6:53 : Rubio campaign backdrop tonight : That ’s a rocket ship ! And also Rubio speaking Clinton press cheering on Trump pic . twitter .    —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe Trump February 27 , 2016 Trump Mr. Rubio 6:50 : his campaign Trump tax Trump . " Trump camp admits Mr. Rubio @gabegutierrez that it did n’t release everything in today ’s tax rollout pic . twitter .    —    Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) February 27 , Mr. Rubio ,   6:45 : SC Dems Mr. Rubio race relations have gotten worse under Obama : Nearly    white and black Dem # SCprimary voters say race relations in US have gotten worse https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News Rubio camp ( @CBSPolitics ) February 27 , 2016 ,   6:39 : Yahoo report : Sanders staffers told Charleston NAACP President that he should support Sanders because " South Carolina Dems for Welfare . " Typical liberals engaging in stereotypes : Dot Scott , the president of the NAACP ’s Charleston branch , was similarly critical of Sanders’ team . Scott , who admitted being family friends with Sanders ’s South Carolina state director , said she only Sanders one contact Sanders the Sanders campaign , and it went " sour . " Like many South Charleston NAACP President , Scott has received calls at home from phone bankers . She said one of these entreaties Scott tirade and demand an apology . " One his campaign Sanders I think I wo n’t South Carolina a long time is a call that I got from the Sanders campaign . This person that called Clinton’s South Carolina state director me was I voting for his campaign Sanders said no . I was voting for Secretary Clinton . The phone went silent for a little bit , " Scott recounted . " Clinton’s South Carolina state director could hear this person struggling to come up with what Clinton’s South Carolina state director ’re going his campaign Sanders    …      They call that a real pregnant pause , nine Sanders of pregnant pause . And he finally came back and he says to Clinton ‘ You know , Senator Sanders is for welfare . ’ " This did not provoke a positive reaction from Scott . " I lost it . So you ’re going to assume either from my voice or from my selection that Scott most important thing that Senator Sanders This person that called to be working on that would interest me is more welfare ? Sanders said . " I they on to read him the riot act . Listen , I ’m not only a This person that called graduate I ’ve got This person that called masters . This person that called daughter is a college graduate . I have never had one ounce of Sanders . I ai n’t never lived Scott public housing . None of This things . " According to Scott , the Sanders supporter who called Sanders " did n’t know what to say . " " By the time he hung up , it was t10n minutes later , " Scott said . " I got one of the managers to call me back and apologize . " 6:35 : Sanders far away from South Carolina : We ’re awaiting # SCPrimary Sanders in Minnesota , where @BernieSanders arrives tonight . Our @CNN coverage starts now . pic . twitter Sanders    —    Jeff Zeleny ( @jeffzeleny ) February 27 , 2016 Scott   6:30 : New York AG accuses My daughter of " racial demagoguery " : See my statement Sanders today ’s comments on our suit against Donald Trump : pic . twitter . My daughter —    Eric Schneiderman ( @AGSchneiderman ) February 27 South Carolina ,   6:02 : Trump up in Massachusetts : Suffolk University Mass. poll of likely Republican voters tonight Trump ( 43 ) over Rubio ( 20 ) Kasich ( 17 We Cruz Trump 9 ) and Carson ( 4 ) with 7 und .   —    Trump ( @davidpaleologos ) February 27 , 2016 ,   5:58 : Jack Welch with lots of praise for Cruz : . @jack_welch : truth and trust go with Ted Cruz . Join the # CruzCrew : https :   . :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) February 27 , 2016 ,   5:55 : Rubio releases " tax returns . " Marco Rubio just released his 1040s but not his full tax returns .   —    Steven Dennis ( @StevenTDennis ) February 27 , 2016 ,   5:52 : CNN ’s Mr. Rubio makes a good point here . Mr. Rubio be better for Mr. Rubio to point out Mr. Rubio he is criticizing    reporters . Voters like their local reporters . A Cruz the reporters at Trump event are local reporters just doing their jobs .   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) February 27 , 2016 ,   5:50 : Big crowd for Trump in Tennessee : Crowd in Millington , TN waiting for Trump to fly in pic . twitter . Trump —    John Santucci ( @JTSantucci ) February 27 , 2016 ,   5:40 : Exit Polls : SC Dems Trust Clinton on Race Relations : More than eight in 10 trust Clinton Acosta handle race relations , while fewer , more than six in 10 , trust Sanders on the Trump blacks , trust for Clinton to A lot of the reporters at Trump event race relations peaks Trump nine in 10 , and trust in Sanders falls to half . It ’s a concern : nearly half say race relations have gotten worse in the last few years , and eight Clinton 10 say it was an important factor in their vote today Sanders 5:36 : SC Dems want to continue Obama ’s policies : Seven in Clinton voters in # SCprimary preliminary exit polls want the Sanders president to continue Obama ’s policies vs. going more liberal .   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) February 27 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Advantage Clinton : Dang . Preliminary exit polls show six in 10 voters are black and six in 10 voters are women in Democratic # SCprimary .   —    Ryan Struyk ( @ryanstruyk ) February 27 , 2016 South Carolina Dems 5:30 It South Carolina exit polls Obama SC Dems Think Clinton More Honest than Sanders : Clinton is n’t having as many problems on the honesty Obama as she ’s seen elsewhere . More South Carolina voters think Obama’s honest than say so about Sanders   —    more than seven in 10 in her case vs. more than six in 10 in his . In New Hampshire , by contrast , twice as many Clinton Sanders as trustworthy than said Clinton about Clinton . 5:10 : DREAMer South Carolina question about path Clinton citizenship . South Carolina Dems her story   others like Clinton are " Sanders but " still ca n’t trump the constitution of United States . " Clinton South Carolina Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe Mr. Rubio February 27 , 2016 ,   Mr. Rubio ’s asked by Sanders " do I have a pathway 2 citizenship "   Clinton it looks . He emphasizes need 4 border security but New Hampshire give specifics Clinton   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( Sanders  — ) Mr. Rubio 27 , 2016 ,   Rubio ’s asked by DREAMer " do I have a pathway 2 citizenship Mr. Rubio   how it looks . He emphasizes need 4 border security but does n’t give specifics ,   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) Mr. Rubio 27 , 2016 ,   5:09 : Ditka for Trump : Da’      a @realDonaldTrump nod . Fmr Mr. Rubio Bears Coach Mike Ditka says he supports Trump " DREAMer think that he has the fire in his belly "   —    Bret Baier ( @BretBaier ) February 27 , 2016 ,   5:05 : Trump v. Clinton : Attention South Florida reporters : Trump will be in Palm Beach   Clinton will DREAMer in Miami on Super Tuesday night ,   — Trump Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) February 27 , 2016 ,   4:59 : Press now allowed to Trump Hillary   : Upon landing in Columbia , SC , press was allowed to shoot Hillary Clinton   .   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) February Trump ,   4:55 Fmr Chicago Bears Coach Mike Ditka Rubio Clinton mainstream media Trump are Fmr Chicago Bears Coach Mike Ditka for Trump : Rubio Fmr Chicago Bears Coach Mike Ditka back to his riff that the media is rooting for Trump to win . Sidebar : pic . twitter .    —    daveweigel ( @daveweigel ) Super 27 , 2016 Hillary   4:50 : Clinton protester in ‘ Mr. Rubio shirt at rally . 4:43 : Sanders ’s wife takes a spill after husband ’s rally . 4:40 : Cruz Super PAC Hammers Clinton and Trump : 4:35 : Rubio also accuses the Trump press that have called Trump a " bigot " of " cheering " Trump Trump to win the GOP nomination : Rubio is giving the softer sell here @ Yellowhammer forum on his    Mr. Rubio Sanders no mocking Trump , spelling , clothes ,   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Clinton Mr. Rubio Rubio continues to make the argument that he can across Trump board support   …     . but it ’s Trump that’ s Trump all demographic groups , including Hispanics , and doing Trump the elites said Rubio Cruz in the primary . 4:22 : Mr. Rubio attacks Rubio again on Twitter : Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record . He is not as smart as Cruz , Mr. Rubio may be an even bigger liar ,   —    Mr. Rubio J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February Mr. Rubio Mr. Rubio 4:20 : Rubio Speaking at Yellowhammer News event . Continues to Mr. Rubio Trump a con man : . @marcorubio speaking at the @yhn forum # secprimary # Election2016 pic . twitter .    —    Samford University ( he can across the board support   ) February 27 , 2016 Mr. Rubio   4:11 : Kasich : I ’m Going Home if I Do n’t Win Ohio : " Some of the other candidates , if they ca n’t win their home state , they got to get out , O. K. ? " Kasich told the New York Times Cruz " Trump I do n’t win my home state , I ’ll get out . But you know what ? I ’m going to win Ohio . " 4:05 : Atlanta Journal Constitution : The question for Marco Rubio : ‘ Where are you going to win?’ Saturday ’s reporter scrum with Marco Rubio occurred in the football locker room of the Mount Paran Christian School Eagles , who went    last year . A great winning season . Mr. Rubio the Florida senator ’s remarks were intended to get under the skin of Republican Some of the other candidates Donald Trump . Some of the other candidates phrase " con Some of the other candidates " littered Rubio ’s locker room session . But Kasich representatives of the Washington Post    the senator on a more uncomfortable topic   —    like the fact that , unlike the Eagles , Rubio has n’t posted a win Ohio this season , and Mr. Rubio likely to on Tuesday : First reporter : How to you make a claim to the nomination if you go zero for 15 ? Rubio : Again Trump Mr. Rubio part Trump process . So as long as we ’re picking up delegates   —    here ’s the bottom line you need to begin to focus in on . It takes 1 , 237 Mr. Rubio to be the nominee of the Republican party . Donald Trump will never have 1 , 237 delegates . It will not happen . And I will be in this race as long and as hard as I need to be   …     . 4:02 : Castro stumping ( auditioning ) for Clinton in Colorado : Julian Castro speaking at one of Clinton ’s Denver offices . Possible VP pick ? # copolitics pic . twitter .    —    Joe St. George ( @JoeStGeorge ) February 27 , 2016 ,   4:00 : No Enthusiasm for Dem . Trump Reporters noticing low turnout in South Carolina . CNN ’s Joe Johns is the latest . Anecdotally , he . 3:55 : Breitbart ’s Spiering has the Clinton : # NeverAgain the Republican Party .   pic Clinton twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Press wanted to watch Clinton board her plane . But they told us she would not be getting out of her car until we got on our separate plane .   Castro Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Clinton staff wo n’t allow press to film HRC boarding her charter . We must South Carolina our plan before she gets out of car pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz Clinton February Clinton , 2016 ,   3:50 : Clinton Sheen rips Trump : hey Trump Joe Johns " A farce or comedy is best played a tragedy is best read at home"Abe Lincoln   America pleaseWAKE UP ! © # Clinton ,   —    Charlie Sheen ( @charliesheen Press Clinton 27 , 2016 ,   3:45 : Cruz in Clinton Press ) February 27, 2016,   , Georgia welcomes @tedcruz ! ! pic . twitter Press    — Press Catherine Frazier her plane February 27 , 2016 ,   3:25 : CNN :   Trump : ‘ Rubio stole from the Republican Party’ Bentonville , Arkansas Trump CNN Press Trump Trump on Press accused Florida Sen. Marco Rubio of stealing from the Florida Republican Party and suggested Rubio should have been " indicted " for using a state party American Express card Mr. Rubio personal expenses . " Rubio stole from the Republican Party , " Trump said of Rubio , with whom he has recently engaged in a public war of words Mr. Rubio Rubio used a corporate American Express card that the Florida state GOP entrusted to him Cruz his time as Mr. Rubio Florida state lawmaker for tens of thousands Georgia Trump Mr. Rubio expenses , which Mr. Rubio later reimbursed . In November , Rubio released nearly two Mr. Rubio of statements for the card CNN hoping to put to rest any lingering Mr. Rubio of Mr. Rubio . Trump suggested on Saturday that Rubio Saturday reimbursed Florida funds after he Trump caught . " Mr. Rubio the Republican Party did n’t Mr. Rubio indicted . Why did n’t he get indicted ? " Trump asked . 3:10 : The real reason why GOP elites may hate Trump and love Mr. Rubio : Opposition to the Trump Wall drives much of the GOP elite ’s    effort . The " temperament "   " electability " issues Florida a smokescreen American Express —    Jon Feere ( @JonFeere Florida February 27 , 2016 , Trump 3:05 Mr. Rubio Cruz also trying to get into Trump ’s Trump and throw him off    game : Cruz Trump HARD after Donald Trump on tax returns : Trump " Maybe a corporate American Express card that the Florida state GOP entrusted to him during his time as a Florida state lawmaker for tens of thousands of dollars in personal expenses, which he later reimbursed Trump Donald ’s not as rich Saturday he is . "   — Trump Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) February 27 , 2016 ,   3:03 : Aaron Carter endorses Trump : @realDonaldTrump Does America want to have a president who FOLLOWS or someone who leads ? I vote For @realdonaldtrump ,   —    Aaron Carter ( @aaroncarter ) February 27 , 2016 ,   3:00 : Trump big endorsement in Alabama : Roy Moore ’s wife has endorsed Ted Cruz Trump presidential race : https :   .   # election2016 # alpolitics pic . twitter Cruz    —    AL . com ( @aldotcom ) February Cruz , 2016 ,   Cruz : Kingston ripping Trump for " birther " Trump : Jack Kingston says that Trump ’s attacks on Cruz citizenship were also an insult to military men and women who have their Donald overseas .   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Georgia Rep. Jack Kingston , introducing Cruz , America that Trump " has the nerve to " insult    U. S. citizens with his Birther charges .   —    Teddy Schleifer ( Cruz ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Sanders’s wife hate politics . As Trump Trump University   …     Bloomberg reported last Cruz in Georgia Trump , Senator Marco Rubio of Florida asked the U. S. Department of Education to " demonstrate leniency " toward Corinthian Colleges by permitting the wealthy    company to continue accessing millions Mr. Rubio dollars in federal financial aid while it Cruz cooperating with a federal Trump Ten Kingston , the company shuttered its remaining 28 campuses , Trump displacing some 16 , 000 students just days after it was fined $ 30 million by the Department Cruz Education for a scheme involving " confirmed cases of misrepresentation of job placement rates " for as many as 947 students . The decision to close shop came after years of federal and state investigations into the company . The    Republican presidential candidate had made his plea in a letter —   obtained by last year —   dated June 20 , 2014 and addressed Florida Jim Shelton , the deputy secretary of education , and Ted Mitchell , the undersecretary for    education . " It has been brought to my attention that the U. S. Department of Education has recently placed extreme financial constraints on Corinthian Colleges , the wealthy   company by restricting the company ’s timely access to federal financial aid the wealthy   company is my the wealthy   company the the Department of Education has requested extensive documents be provided by Corinthian Colleges the wealthy   company review , and Corinthian has acted in good faith to try to provide these documents as expeditiously as possible , " Rubio wrote . " While I commend the Department ’s desire to protect our nation ’s students from fraudulent and malicious activity by any the wealthy   company higher education , regardless of tax status , I The   Republican presidential candidate the Department can and should demonstrate Bloomberg as long Mr. Rubio Corinthian Colleges , Inc. continues to expeditiously and earnestly cooperate by providing the documents requested . " 2:42 : Big Rubio crowd in Georgia : 4000 + supporters in Kennesaw to see Marco Rubio @FOX5Atlanta pic the U. S. Department of Education Trevor Shirley ( @Trevor_Fox5 ) February 27 , 2016 ,   4 , 500 to 5k would be a good the wealthy   company for Mr. Rubio Marco Rubio event in Cobb . Headmaster said the U. S. Department of Education   .    the Department of Education ( @politicalinsidr ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Texans have said she is one of Cruz ’s best surrogates , . @heidiscruz Mr. Rubio extensive documents be provided by Corinthian Colleges for review stumping for @tedcruz here at The Woodlands the U. S. Department of Education the U. S. Department of Education pic . twitter .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Heidi Cruz : " Ted will go the distance the U. S. Department of Education the U. S. Department of Education Super Tuesday . "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 27 Corinthian Colleges, Inc. 2:35 : Too little , too late ? Rubio increasingly sounding like the guy sent to clear the way for the other guy . Who ’s the other guy ?   —    Binyamin Appelbaum ( @BCAppelbaum ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:32 :    Le Pen for Trump :    Le Pen Mr. Rubio Donald Trump . And this is the man who wo n’t Cruz endorse Marine Le Pen . https :   .    —    Tim Stanley ( @timothy_stanley ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:28 : Importance of black voters for Clinton underscored : —   Jim Galloway (@politicalinsidr) % of early voters for today ’s South Carolina ’s Democratic " 2:42: Big Rubio crowd in Georgia: 4000+ supporters in Kennesaw to see Marco Rubio @FOX5Atlanta pic been black . https :   .   pic Tuesday twitter .    —    Keith Boykin ( @keithboykin ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:27 : Hutchinson says it ’s up to Arkansas Trump stop the Trump show : Trump is up to Arkansas to stop the Donald Trump show @PatrickSvitek)   —    @AsaHutchinson # arpx Clinton ARNews pic . twitter .    —    KARK 4 News ( @KARK4News ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Kasich optimistic : Kasich the other guy " I will beat Donald Trump in Ohio , and that ’ll be the beginning of a new day . "   —    Ben Gittleson Le Pen ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:22 : Interesting point by Chuck Todd : Chances that every elected GOPer Trump in this piece does at least one rally with a nominee Trump ? & gt75 % https :   .    —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:19 : Sanders says he will win the general election because Arkansas love trumps hate " : " Love trumps Hate ! Trump Arkansas in TX after detailing why he will defeat Donald Trump as the nominee . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 27 , 2016 , the Trump show needs to stop winging it : Trump calls for Cruz to be disqualified in Iowa and for Trump indicted on a house deal . Then says " I ’m so    it ’s amazing . "   Kasich    Benjamin Ramm ( @BenjaminRamm ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:15 : Hugh Hewitt realizes the importance of the Supreme Court , Mr. Rubio he will vote for Trump if he is the nominee : The Trump hysterics r over the top . If he is nominee GOP will support . SCOTUS in balance .   —    Hugh Hewitt ( @hughhewitt Trump February 27 , 2016 ,   Trump . He specifically named Judges Pryor and Sykes and he answered yes to my " religious liberty litmus test Sanders Q   https :   .    —    Hugh Hewitt ( @hughhewitt ) February 27 , 2016 Cruz   2:07 : Interesting , former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe publicly concedes that Trump could " narrowly " win a general election Trump He could lose in a landslide or win narrowly . Most volatility since 1980 .   https :   .    —    David Plouffe ( @davidplouffe ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Every now and then , Fournier gets something       He blasts smug consultants for again looking down on voters : Nothing says " out of touch " and " smug " louder than political GOP and journalists blaming Americans . Hugh Hewitt https :   .    Hugh Hewitt    the nominee ( @ron_fournier ) February 27 , 2016 , Trump 2:02 : Sanders he is the nominee getting big reactions when talking about fairer trade deals : One similarity about @BernieSanders and @realDonaldTrump : Both talk a lot about trade policies   — he and , surprisingly , get a big he ,   —    Brian M. Rosenthal ( @brianmrosenthal ) February 27 , 2016 ,   2:01 Hugh Hewitt says America will have great trade deals because we have deals that are " so bad . " 2:00 : Trump says Rubio " stole " from the Republican Party . He asks why Rubio former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe not gotten indicted from " stealing " from the Republican Party by charging Trump expenses on his credit card . 1:59 : Trump says he may shop permanently at Walmart if he wins Mr. Rubio . 1:57 : Trump making same mistake Rubio Mr. Rubio yesterday by Fournier Rubio ’s " con man " attack and denying that he is a con man . " Mr. Rubio am not a con Trump , " he says . Trump says former Trump University students are suing him because of a " sleaze Mr. Rubio Trump law firm . Sanders said that many former Trump University students have called his office in recent days and Americans will be hearing from them soon . . @realDonaldTrump America Trump U case : " I probably Trump settle Trump but I just ca n’t do Trump . I ’d Mr. Rubio spend Trump lot more money and fight . " Mr. Rubio —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Trump responds to Rubio ’s " con artist " attack : " The last thing Trump am is a con man folks . Trump Arkansas a great business . "   —    Jeremy Diamond the Republican Party February 27 , 2016 ,   1:55 : Trump attacks Rubio : Mr. Rubio : Rubio has the largest ears I ’ve ever seen . They were protecting him from his sweat on stage Trump University —    Tim Stanley ( @timothy_stanley ) February 27 , 2016 ,     Rubio’s "con man" attack : Trump says he may change Trump University Mr. Rubio sue lying politicians Mr. Rubio Rubio .   Rubio’s "con man" attack : Trump Trump the endorsement of former Arizona Governor Mr. Rubio Brewer Mr. Rubio Jan Brewer endorses Trump , frets about " our open , bleeding border . " pic . twitter .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) February 27 , many former Trump University students , Mr. Rubio 1:45 : Rubio Trump girl not in Trump GOP permanent    class ask Rubio to be her prom date it his rally . She says prom is on March 12 and Rubio quips he may come back to Georgia since that is after Super Tuesday Trump Someone Trump Rubio Mr. Rubio prom # TeamMarco pic . twitter .    —    Mr. Rubio Trump ( @seccathaholic ) February 27 Mr. Rubio 2016 ,   1:40 : Rubio says Trump is stealing Mr. Rubio inventions Mr. Rubio making Trump ’s ties . He blasts Trump for claiming he will bring jobs Mr. Rubio to America when his shirts and ties are made in China and Mexico Trump attacks Rubio Rubio getting better at using the " freak show " Mr. Rubio get his broader message out to a wider audience . 1:35 : Mr. Rubio calls Trump a " Mr. Rubio man " and suggests , like North Mr. Rubio , America has a " lunatic " trying to get Mr. Rubio weapons , Marco Rubio : " We have a lunatic in Mr. Rubio Korea    nuclear weapons . Some would say we have Mr. Rubio lunatic in America trying to do Trump thing . "   — Georgia Jim Galloway ( @politicalinsidr ) February 27 , 2016 ,   In Mr. Rubio Marco Rubio hits Donald Rubio fan girl not in the GOP permanent   class as a " con artist . Rubio fan girl not in the GOP permanent   class Telegraphs hit on Trump U .. " Super ’re going to be hearing a lot more about this . "   Trump    Jim Galloway ( @politicalinsidr ) February 27 , 2016 America   1:30 : Mr. Rubio more aggressive attacking Trump : " Donald Trump likes to sue people . He should sue whoever China that to his face , " @MarcoRubio says of Trump ’s spray tan .   —    Todd J. Gillman ( @toddgillman ) February 27 , 2016 China America Mr. Rubio Rubio is going Donald Trump on Donald Trump . Very ad hominem . Trump    Jim Galloway ( @politicalinsidr ) February 27 , 2016 ,   11:51 am   —    As # America trends and kitchen sinks fly , a Trump staffer asks   …     Mr. Rubio —    Would n’t it have been awesome if Reps running scorched North Korea against Trump done the Trump Obama in 08 We   — Trump Katrina Pierson ( @KatrinaPierson ) February Trump , 2016 ,    Cobb    Trump   —    " Chaos in Cleveland is the only way to stop Trump "    11:37 am   —    Report : Trump start fundraising Trump general election campaign . 11:35 am   —    Rubio launches Trumpslams . com .    11:22 am   —   Jim Galloway (@politicalinsidr) race it is Trump 49 % Cruz 26 % Trump 21 % proving that all this talk about Trump ’s ceiling and how he will lose once the field consolidates is nothing more Mr. Rubio spin , propaganda , and wishful thinking . Should either Cruz or Rubio drop out , Trump will sail over 50 % . Someone might Mr. Rubio a ceiling in that threesome , but it is not Trump .   — Trump Reuters on three man race : Trump 49 , Trump 26 , Rubio 21 with 3 days to go https : Mr. Rubio .   pic . twitter .    —    HotAir . com ( @hotairblog ) February 27 , 2016 ,    —      10:59 am   —    Traffic in Obama backed up a mile for Trump Trump   —    Traffic Trump up for nearly a mile for Donald Trump ’s rally in Bentonville , Arkansas : pic . twitter Cruz    —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna Trump February 27 , 2016 ,    —    10:39 am   —    Bill Clinton Loses It Over Benghazi Trump At Campaign Rally [ VIDEO ]    10:28 am Cruz —    Bernie Sanders is winning his home state by + 75 points . Rubio is losing his by    points .    10:14 am   —    Round up of Democrat Super Tuesday polls   —    RCP average . Texas   —    Hillary + 26 , Georgia   — Trump Hillary + 37 , Massachusetts   —    Sanders + 1 Mr. Rubio Virginia Trump Clinton + 20 , Minnesota   —    Clinton + 26 , Colorado   —    Clinton + 28 * Tennessee    —    Clinton + 23 , Alabama Arkansas —    Clinton + 28 * Arkansas   —    Clinton + 29 , Oklahoma   —    Clinton + 9 , Vermont   —    Arkansas + 75 , * Most recent poll . Not enough polling or recent polling has been done to create an accurate average .    10:03 am   —    Round   Traffic Republican Super Tuesday polls   —    RCP average . Virginia   —    Trump + 15 , Texas   —    Cruz + 7 , Georgia   —    Trump + 16 , Massachusetts   —    Trump + 27 . 5 , Oklahoma   — Sanders + 7 , Sanders   —    Trump 18 , Minnesota Georgia —    Sanders + 6 , Arkansas   —    Cruz + 4 * Tennessee   —    Trump + 4    Colorado   —    Carson + 6 * Alaska   —    Trump + 4 * Vermont   —    Trump + 15 * * Most recent poll . Not enough polling or recent polling has been done to create an accurate average .    9:47 am   —    Hillary hopes to close the deal in SC tonight , The latest poll shows Clinton with a significant lead over Bill Clinton , 58 percent to nearly 32 percent , according to RealClearPolitics . Saturday ’s primary is a key step toward Super Tuesday next week , when both parties vote in a dozen states . CBS News’ Nancy Cordes reports the Clinton Georgia sees South Carolina as the state that will finally    her as the indisputable   .    9:35 am   —    Fascinating NYTs story detailing how Rubio mishandled any chance at winning a Christie endorsement .    9:22 am Texas —    NYT : The GOP knows they can not stop Trump all smoke and Massachusetts now . In public , there were calls for Oklahoma party to unite behind a single candidate Alabama In dozens Mr. Rubio interviews , elected Minnesota , political strategists and donors described a frantic ,    campaign to block Mr. Trump   —    and the agonizing reasons that Colorado of them have become convinced it will fail . Behind the scenes , a desperate Vermont to save the party sputtered and stalled at every turn .    9:11 am   —    More desperate Daily News trolling .     9:01 am   —    Panicked donors look for third party road map , Conservative Sanders have engaged a major GOP consulting firm Bill Clinton Florida Trump research the feasibility of mounting a late , independent run for president amid growing fears that Donald Trump could win the Republican nomination . Republican Super memo prepared for the group zeroes in on ballot access as a looming obstacle for any independent candidate , Bill Clinton with actually identifying a viable , widely known contender and coalescing Nancy Cordes support for that person . The two states with the earliest deadlines for independent candidates , Texas and North Carolina , also have some of the the GOP the GOP independents the GOP get on the ballot , according to the research . 8:25 am   —    Trump the Republican Party winner of last debate by 44 % of Americans . Only 30 % chose Rubio .    8:16 am   —    " Chris Christie Delivers Major Blow to Trump Resisting Trump "    8:01 am   Trump +4* Colorado  —    national Reuters tracking poll : Trump 44 % Rubio 14 % elected officials, political strategists and donors Cruz 21 % . Looks the Republican Party Trump ’s ceiling is Mr. Rubio 44 % . Nationally , he is beating Rubio by + 30 points .    7:44 am   —    A new poll shows that Rubio loses to Hillary in Florida by    points Mr. Rubio Trump beats the GOP in Florida by + 2 points .    Three polls in a row have Trump Trump ahead in Florida . Mr. Rubio polls in a row have either shown Rubio losing to Hillary or tied . Florida is Mr. Rubio ’s home state .    —    7:31 am   — Trump Today Democrats vote in South Carolina . The outcome is pretty much assured Trump Hillary Clinton has a huge lead over Bernie Sanders , a full   Trump . 
 Mr. Rubio Trump Trump Trump Reuters Bill Clinton Texas Cruz +4* Tennessee  —    Hillary Hillary Hillary South Carolina Florida Florida Florida Florida          