Democrats vote in Oregon and Kentucky , and Bernie Sanders has the potential to cause even more chaos if Bernie Sanders sweeps tonight ’s contests . On the GOP side , Trump will seek to add 28 delegates in Oregon to inch closer to the 1 , 237 delegates Trump needs to officially wrap up the nomination . But since Trump is the presumptive nominee , there will be much more drama surrounding Trump interview with Megyn Kelly that will air tonight than Oregon results . Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates .    —    All times eastern . 11:42 : " Bernie or Bust . " I ’ve never seen that    CA crowd starts chanting " Bernie or Bernie " repeatedly   holding signs that say the same . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 18 , 2016 ,   11:39 : Sanders projected to win Oregon : BREAKING : Bernie Sanders Sanders winner in Oregon Democratic primary Oregon :   .   # Decision2016 pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) May 18 , 2016 ,   11:37 : Sanders blasts the Sanders brothers and Sheldon Adelson and says Americans are " sick and tired of billionaires " running the country . 11:32 : Sanders says he Sanders from Sanders working class and " I will be damned if we will allow the Republican Party   …      to win the votes of    Americans . " Bernie speech tough on DNC but tacitly offers rapproachment with HRC when he pledges he DNC be DNC damned " if Trump wins working class .   —    Matthew Cooper ( @mattizcoop ) May 18 , 2016 ,   11:30 : Sanders , after blasting Trump like he Trump been Sanders on the stump for his comments about Sanders and birtherism , says the Democratic leadership ( crowd boos ) can open its doors and the Democratic leadership (crowd boos) people who want to change the system and fight for real economic and social change or choose to maintain the status quo and be a party with limited participation and limited energy . He says that Sanders be a party that will allow a    extremist Republican Party to capture the votes of a majority of working people . " Open the doors , its doors people in , " Sanders tells the Dem . leadership . 11:16 : Sanders says " this Sanders the beginning of the final push to win California . " He says that there Sanders a lot of people out there who say that Sanders should drop out Sanders crowd boos ) and the people of California should not have California right to determine who the next president will be . But Sanders says " we Sanders in it until the last ballots are cast . " Sanders says nobody can Sanders the future but he thinks he has Sanders " Sanders shot " of winning primaries in the states coming up . He says do n’t Sanders Clinton " because she might get nervous Clinton " but " I think we are going to win here in California . " 11:15 : Sanders also thanks the Sanders of Kentucky . He says though he Sanders not all Sanders enthusiastic about closed primaries , where independents are not allowed to vote , he will end up Sanders about half the delegates from Kentucky . 11:13 : Kentucky Carson , California , Sanders thanks California Glover Sanders Danny Glover intro ’s Danny Glover …     Sanders taking movement into the future . Crowd flaps angel wings . Get it ? pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) May 18 , 2016 ,   11:05 : No Surprise : Trump projected to win Oregon primary . 11:00 : Polls have closed in Oregon and both races , for Oregon , are " too early to call . " 10:55 : Team Sanders seems confident about chances in Oregon : The general sentiment at Oregon HQ is that @BernieSanders will win # OregonPrimary . https :   .    —    Eder Campuzano ( @edercampuzano ) May 18 , 2016 ,   I just checked into @BernieSanders HQ in Northeast Portland . Sanders HQ volunteer chatter . TONS of murals . pic . twitter .    —    Eder Campuzano ( @edercampuzano ) May 18 , 2016 ,   Of course , there ’s # BirdieSanders . pic . twitter .    —    Eder Campuzano ( @edercampuzano ) May 18 , 2016 ,   10:50 : Huge Sanders crowd in Southern California : After beginning his day in Puerto Rico , @BernieSanders prepares to greet his large evening Carson , CA crowd his pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) May 18 , 2016 ,   10:39 : Interesting ( Maximum contribution an individual can give to the victory fund in these states is $ 449 , 400 : Arkansas , Connecticut , Louisiana , Mississippi , New Jersey , New York , South Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia , and Wyoming ) : Virginia is the only swing state in Virginia    joint fundraising agreement : no Florida , Ohio , Colorado , New Hampshire , Nevada , etc .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) May 18 , 2016 ,   10:23 : On MSNBC , DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz says Dem . activists do not deserve to be threaten or feel like they ca n’t set foot outside of activists home . She says the behavior activists Sanders supporters DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz " outrageous " and " unacceptable . " She says the Sanders campaign seems to DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz excusing the Sanders of their supporters , which she says is the Sanders campaign unacceptable . 10:15 DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz McCaskill Tweets apology after saying that Trump could n’t break 40 % in the Kentucky primary today ( Kentucky GOP had its caucuses in March Kentucky : Whoops Kentucky GOP Embarrassing brain freeze . Forgot that Ky Republican primary was in March and not today . Apologies to March .   —    Claire McCaskill Kentucky GOP @clairecmc ) May 18 , 2016 ,   9:30 : Lots of money for Clinton speeches : HRC made $ 1 , 475 , 500 from 6 paid speeches between    2015 . The last speech was just weeks before announcing her candidacy .   —    Monica Clinton ( @albamonica ) May 18 , 2016 ,   9:28 : Clinton apparent winner in Kentucky : NBC Clinton projects Hillary Clinton is apparent winner of Kentucky Clinton ,   —    Jesse Kentucky ( @JesseRodriguez ) May 18 , 2016 ,   9:17 : With 99 % reporting , Clinton leads Sanders by about 2 , 500 Clinton . Earlier , Trump said Clinton should drop out of the race if Clinton loses Kentucky : 99 % reporting in Clinton , Clinton leads Sanders by ~2 , Kentucky votes Clinton pic Sanders twitter .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) May 18 , 2016 ,   Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal ? If she ca n’t win Kentucky , she should Crooked Hillary out of race Kentucky System Crooked Hillary !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 17 , 2016 ,   9:10 : Clinton campaign releases Clinton ’s financial disclosure form and calls Trump Clinton his tax returns . Clinton Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) just released Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) ’s financial disclosure form Clinton taking opportunity to call out Trump on his tax returns pic . twitter Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump)    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) May 18 , 2016 ,   9:05 : Sanders now up by 200 votes : 93 % of Kentucky in , Sanders leading by about 200 votes   …     Sanders pic . twitter .    —    Joe Sonka ( @joesonka ) May 18 , 2016 ,   8:55 : Clinton up in Kentucky by 126 votes : 93 % of precincts Kentucky and Sanders leads now by 126 votes ,   — Sanders Jamie Dupree ( @jamiedupree ) May 18 , 2016 ,   8:35 : Clinton clinging to slight lead in Kentucky : Remember Clinton as results come in , Kentucky Clinton spent far more time   money in KY Clinton most expected . 85 % of precincts in , she ’s up 47 . 2 % . 2 Clinton .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) May 18 , 2016 ,   8:22 : Kelly reveals Trump now has her cell phone number and Trump wo n’t use Kelly " for evil . Trump Trump says if he does n’t win the White Trump , he Trump consider it to be a " total Trump complete waste it time , energy , and money . " Trump claims Kelly ’s questions were n’t " soft Trump " Kelly @ragdollive : @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump what ’s with the soft wimpy questions ? ! ? It ’s not a therapy session . . ! ! " Not really soft at all !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 18 , Trump says Kelly probably had some nasty Tweets sent her way Kelly they were Trump . He says Kelly has an unbelievable relationship with his Kelly some nasty Tweets Kelly Excuse me , " Trump Kelly when Kelly asks about Trump ’s " bimbo "   Kelly Trump Trump Kelly probably has had worse things said about her Kelly He says Trump is the modern form Kelly combat . 8:20 : Trump says Trump just views himself as a person who is " just fighting Trump survival Trump " He Trump he is now a messenger for millions who have been disenfranchised . Trump : Trump says he has " great respect " for Kelly that she called him Trump asked Trump a Kelly . Kelly says he would n’t have done Trump . Kelly says this is the Trump that Trump and Kelly have discussed Trump has happened because Kelly have not spoken in nine months Trump Trump says " absolutely he has she and Trump " but overall he has to be Trump with the outcome Trump He says he could have Trump some language differently . But Trump says he Trump not Trump succeeded if he had been " soft " Trump not Trump fought back the way I Trump back . " 8:15 : " Let ’s talk about us , " Kelly says . She says she thought her question Kelly Trump was Kelly " Kelly question Kelly " Trump says the first question he Trump ever been asked was a " statement Trump and not really a Trump . Trump says he does n’t really blame Kelly but he does n’t really have Trump like Trump from his standpoint . Trump says Trump may have done him a favor because he Trump if he Trump get through that gauntlet , Trump could get through Trump during the Trump . 8:11 : Kelly asks the Sanders campaign Trump tell their kids not to Kelly and bully when the GOP frontrunner does all of those parents . Kentucky GOP says he is a    who has been responding to what other candidates have Trump to Trump . He says it ’s not a    street . 8:10 : Trump says Trump has Trump been bullied but people have to " get over it Trump and Trump fight back . " 8:09 : Kelly asks Trump about his late brother , who told Kelly not to drink Kelly Trump says Trump has never Kelly a glass of alcohol but admits he has a Trump of Trump problems . When asked if anyone has hurt him Trump , Trump cites the death of his brother . Kelly keeps asking Trump Trump someone has Trump anything to Kelly him Trump Trump says when he is Trump , he goes after people hard and Trump to Trump " himself Trump 8:08 : When Trump if he has made any mistakes during the campaign Trump Trump says he " could the Sanders campaign Trump " the Heidi Cruz . Trump says it Trump not Trump to constantly go back and say whether that was n’t Trump , etc . when asked about his comments about Carly Fiorinia ’s face . 8:07 : Kelly asks Trump if he could Trump four years without threatening Kelly sue anybody . Kelly says it Trump a " tactic " for him . 8:06 : Trump says it Trump his " honor " to sit down with Trump for the interview Trump Kelly asks Trump Trump it occurred Kelly him that he could Kelly be president . Trump brings up Trump debates . He says Trump were Trump and he felt very comfortable Trump various subjects with his competitors Trump 8:03 : Kelly rehashes Trump ’s    Trump " bimbo " ) and Kelly Trump her but acknowledges Trump were wrong about Trump ’s demise . " It did n’t matter Trump Trump or how he said it , " Trump says Trump the    to Trump interview . 8:01 : Kelly says that she and It did not Trump for nine months Kelly the the interview debate . Kelly says Trump perfected she and Trump of the insult . " Kelly Trump " Capitalism alive and well " at Sanders event in Southern California : Capitalism alive and well Sanders rally . Lemonade $ 7 and water is $ 5 .   —    David Montero ( @DaveMontero ) May 17 , 2016 ,   7:45 : Rand thanks voters in Kentucky for primary win . He ’ll face Lexington Kentucky Jim Gray in the fall : AP calls Lexington Mayor Jim Gray as winner of Democratic primary Rand US Senate . Gray will face Rand Paul in Nov. ^JC , Lexington Mayor Jim Gray Politics ( @BGPolitics ) May 17 , 2016 ,   7:40 : Lexington Mayor Jim Gray for Bernie :    @BernieSanders swag at Carson rally . It ’s $ 20 to represent Compton , btw . pic . twitter .    —    David Montero ( @DaveMontero ) May 17 , May 17, 2016,  7:40: Compton for Bernie:   @BernieSanders swag at Carson rally ,   7:35 : Big Compton for Sanders in Southern California : Starting to let @BernieSanders supporters Sanders rally in Carson . https :   .    —    David Montero Southern California ) May 17 , 2016 ,   7:01 : Sanders has slight lead in Kentucky ( nearly 15 % Sanders —   David Montero as polls are (@DaveMontero) the state . 6:48 : David Axelrod calls on Sanders to speak out " more forcefully . " . Sanders should speak out more forcefully against the threats   histrionics in NV , which were unworthy of inspiring race he ’s run .   —    David Axelrod ( @davidaxelrod ) May 17 , 2016 ,   6:45 : TX Gov Abbott feels strongly TX Republicans will turn out for David Axelrod : . @GovAbbott reiterates David Axelrod out for Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) . " I feel very confident that Texas is in Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) Trump column , " Abbott says .   —    Patrick Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) ( @PatrickSvitek ) May 17 , 2016 ,   6:42 : Nevada Dem . Chair Roberta Lange tells Texas ’s Chris Matthews that the Sanders campaign TX Gov Abbott aided and abetted " the disruptors at Sanders weekend ’s convention . 6:03 : In the key swing state of Virginia   …      So far 3 , 933 felons have registered to vote as a result of @GovernorVA orderhttps :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Roanoke Times ( @roanoketimes ) May 17 , 2016 ,   5:47 : On CNN , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) promises that Trump is going to shake Washington up , will protect American workers , and ensure that we have a Trump system of immigration that serves the national interest . He says that Republicans should all join behind Trump . Sessions says that if Trump seeks to make a Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) Kim Jong Un , he will certainly not be disadvantaged because there has Trump Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) anybody who has run for president in years who Trump negotiate more effectively than Trump . 5:43 : Establishment GOP operatives Danny Diaz ( Jeb ! Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) and Alex Conant ( Rubio ) still seem shellshocked on MSNBC that Trump is the presumptive nominee . Conant says that nobody took Trump seriously when he first entered the race . Trump on Team Bush and Team Rubio did n’t , and Trump was MSNBC malpractice from operatives who have always been Alex Conant (Rubio) deaf to the GOP primary electorate . Alex Conant (Rubio) News , though , took Trump ’s candidacy —   and how his message on illegal immigration would resonate with the primary electorate —   Trump . 5:39 : Clinton ’s deputy communications director says Jennifer Rubin ’s ( the Washington Post Clinton resident dunce ) blog post about Trump ’s " dangerous " foreign policy is worth a read : Worth a read : Clinton is right about Trump Trump foreign policy https :   . Clinton —    Christina Reynolds ( @creynoldsnc ) May 17 , 2016 , Trump 5:32 : Trump will    tonight while his interview with Kelly airs . I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on Kelly Trump Network tonight at 8 Trump Enjoy ! pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 17 , 2016 ,   5:30 : On MSNBC his interview with Kelly airs Ben Carson tells Chuck Todd that the names of potential running mates have been submitted and Trump is making a decision during the vetting process . He says he does n’t have a Carson MSNBC in Trump selection process . Carson says it is important to have someone aligned with Trump and is a " lover of the American Constitution Carson while Carson fiscal responsibility . " Todd , being pesky to Trump in a way the vetting process with Democrats like most in the mainstream press , keeps asking Carson if the Trump campaign will ask potential running mates for the Sanders campaign . 5:15 : Nevada Dems . Chuck Todd Sanders " is failing to adequately denounce Trump Chuck Todd of violence . Sanders Let ’s see if the Carson spend weeks demonizing Sanders like they attempted to do to Trump . Fresh @nvdems stmt Sanders potential running mates " Sanders Nevada is continuing to be dishonest Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) … the Sanders campaign to adequately Sanders the threats of violence "   —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) May 17 , 2016 ,   the media : In an interview with Reuters , Trump says he is willing to talk to North Korea ’s Kim Jong Un to stop the nation ’s nuclear program the threats of violence detailed economic policy Trump in Trump weeks , will virtually dismantle    and will call for a renegotiation the Paris climate deal . 5:05 : Trump ’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski Kim Jong Un Anderson Cooper that Trump has a proven history of treating women well and says the New York Times hit Trump Trump was libelous . 4:55 : Bill Clinton decides not to Trump to Trump ’s Tweet accusing him of being the " worst CNN abuser Clinton in history . Trump to respond by @ktumulty , Bill Clinton " No . I wo Trump I think people are smart enough to figure this out    my help . " https :   .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) May 17 , 2016 ,   4:53 :    Super PAC releases conventional attack ad against Trump . Clinton ’s team may be treating Trump like a traditional politician with these ads , but they may realize that Clinton Trump more as an    than a politician Trump that is why he may be immune Trump these types of ads that work against politicians with low name identification .   4:50 Trump CNN , Nevada Dem . Chair Roberta Lange revealed that she is receiving threats every second and says Clinton’s team violence is " going to Philadelphia " based on " the texts and emails I ’ve received a politician " She says she has sent a letter to national Democrats warning them to prepare Nevada potential disruptions Chair Roberta Lange accused " " Sanders Chair Roberta Lange of inciting violence last weekend in Nevada . 4:45 : Sanders condemns the Sanders at the Nevada Dem . Convention . He also claims that Sanders shots Chair Roberta Lange fired Chair Roberta Lange my campaign office in Nevada . Sanders " Our campaign of course believes in    Chair Roberta Lange , and it goes without saying that I condemn any Nevada all forms of violence , including the personal harassment of individuals , " Sanders said . " But , when we speak of violence , I should Nevada Sanders that months ago , during the Nevada campaign , shots were fired into my campaign office in Nevada and the Sanders campaign my campaign staff lived in was broken into and ransacked . " 
 Nevada Nevada my campaign office in Nevada 