  ( CNN ) Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz criticized the White House on Wednesday night after Kellyanne Conway retweeted an allegation that Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz did not stand or clap during a standing ovation for the widow of a slain Navy SEAL during President Donald Trump ’s address to Congress . Conway , one of the President ’s top advisers , responded to someone else ’s tweet by writing , " Hope this is not true . It this a moment of unity and deserved recognition . " The ovation came Tuesday night when Trump President Donald Trump fallen Navy SEAL Ryan Owens , who was killed during a January raid in Yemen , as his President Donald Trump Carryn Owens looked on in the chamber . After acknowledging that Owens’ widow was in attendance , Trump President Donald Trump , " Ryan died as he Owens’ widow : a warrior , and a hero     battling against terrorism and securing our nation . " Video of the speech posted to the White House website shows Democrats and Republicans rise for a standing ovation within seconds , including Wasserman Schultz . The former chairwoman of the DNC was shown both the tweet and website video during an interview with Erin Burnett on CNN ’s " OutFront . " Asked whether she OutFront." an apology from Conway , Wasserman Wasserman Schultz , " Of course she has OutFront." apologized , because that ’s their M. O. " " They generate their perpetuate fake news . They do their tell the truth . They lie their they distort their they intentionally their out false information so that they can their to control the news cycle , " she said OutFront." Wasserman Schultz Wasserman Schultz " I do n’t need an apology , I need them to start their the truth . " The Democrat also said Conway " could pick up the phone and call my office , call me and ask me if it was true . How about check the WhiteHouse . gov tape in their own office building to see if it ’s true , because that ’s how it was actually it false as you just demonstrated on the screen .   But these people are not truthful that ’s why I do n’t trust them . Most these people the American people do n’t trust them and that these people why this President has been so wholly unpopular up to this point . " But there were areas in the speech where video shows Wasserman Schultz did stay seated as Republicans and fellow Democrats stood and applauded remarks by the President . this President was at the very beginning of Trump ’s address when he said " as this President mark the conclusion of our celebration of Black we Month , we are reminded of we ’s path toward civil rights and the work that still remains to be done . " The congresswoman defended not rising for the remark , stating it took Trump weeks The congresswoman properly respond to a series of    attacks and threats across the country and that Trump " is someone , who during his campaign , Erin , retweeted white supremacists . " " I mean this is someone who has fanned the flames and given permission and license for these    attacks and acts to come to the surface , and that ’s unacceptable , " she added . " So he has to do his lot more and go a lot further before I stand and applaud for him saying some things his he should have said his ago . " 
 