  ( CNN ) Though Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin seem to agree on a number of issues , there is one Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin apparently do n’t see eye to eye on . While Donald Trump argues that Hillary Clinton is too weak to be president of the United States , Hillary Clinton appears to be genuinely afraid of Clinton . Hillary Clinton is growing that Russia is actively working to undermine Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton . When hackers released the emails of the Democratic National Committee just hours before the Democratic National Convention , internet security specialists found the fingerprints of Russian agencies . Russian came the latest hacks of Clinton campaign chairman Hillary Clinton Podesta .   The US government Russia accused Russia of interfering in the US elections , and every instance of interference so far is clearly aimed at harming the Democratic candidate .   It ’s easy to see why Putin fears Clinton . While Hillary Clinton Trump campaign is trying to get voters to focus on Clinton stumbling and Hillary Clinton , Putin sees her as a Putin threat to his objectives . For Putin Putin stopping Clinton is Putin Hillary Clinton an important strategic goal . It is also personal .   Back in 2011 , Putin faced the biggest protests Putin country had seen since the collapse of the Soviet Union . He had served two terms Putin president , the maximum allowed , and in 2008 had become prime minister , in a maneuver that allowed him to effectively hold power Putin his ally , Dmitry Medvedev Putin was president . Then he announced     to much Putin , but little surprise     that he would seek a third Putin as president . Three months later , the opposition erupted in fury when his party won a landslide Putin in legislative elections amid allegations of fraud . Despite the frigid Moscow temperatures , thousands massed in the streets calling for fair elections and for an end to Putin ’s seemingly endless rule . Signs and chants declared , " Putin is a thief ! Putin Putin ’s hold on power Putin a genuine threat .    of State Clinton openly sided with the protesters . " The Russian people , like people everywhere , " she said , " . State Clinton deserve free , fair , transparent elections . " Putin was fuming . He Putin the protests on Putin , accusing her of State Clinton " a State Clinton " to the opposition . Putin ’s personal animosity toward Putin coincides with his larger State Clinton goals . Putin recent years , he has launched an increasingly Putin foreign ( and domestic ) policy . He is challenging the US Putin NATO and the European Union at every turn . Despite a shrinking economy     not much bigger than Mexico ’s     Russia has used its military power to make Mexico’s    Russia a major player on Mexico’s    Russia global stage . Russia , according to Western Russia , has mounted a campaign to " discredit the West ’s liberal democratic model , and undermine    ties , " manipulating Eastern European countries and " supporting the far right " against the EU . That " Kremlin Playbook " includes tampering with elections in Europe and the US . Clinton stands in direct defiance to Putin ’s vision , already partly in place , of a Russia with a sphere of influence that includes the former Soviet territory and , more loosely , Eastern Europe , alongside a weakened Europe , US and NATO . In contrast to Trump , she has made countless comments Trump the years to suggest she would present a much Trump opponent to Putin ’s ambitions than Barack Obama has been , saying she thinks the United States Trump find ways to " confine , contain , [ and ] deter Russian aggression in Europe and beyond . "   While Clinton looks poised to toughen America ’s stance , Trump the United States policy coincides with Russia ’s . He has suggested he might recognize Clinton ’s annexation Clinton Crimea , Russia captured by force from Ukraine he might suspend economic sanctions against Clinton and would align his policies in Russia with Putin and Putin . During the Republican Putin , Clinton came under fire for leading the Obama administration ’s failed diplomatic " reset " with Russia . But the former US ambassador Russia Moscow , Mike McFaul , said she was deeply skeptical that the plan would bear fruit .   Once out of office , her criticism of Russia became cutting . she Putin justified Russia ’s 2014 takeover of Crimea as Russia effort to protect Russian minorities there , Clinton said it was reminiscent of Hitler she justification for taking over parts of Eastern Europe . Putin later commented that Clinton has " Putin been too graceful she her statements . " Clinton was implicitly she of Obama ’s she response , saying , " I am in the category of people who wanted us to do more in response to the annexation of Crimea and the continuing destabilization of Ukraine . "   And just as Putin targeted her by name , she Putin too she has gone after she personally . In a speech last Putin , she said , " I remain convinced she we need a concerted effort to really up the costs on Russia and in particular on Putin . " The most urgent item Putin the foreign policy agenda for both the United States and Russia is the civil war in Syria Russia There , the Trump campaign has offered conflicting ideas , but in the most recent debate Trump seemed to stand with Putin . Trump While Obama has maintained Putin extremely restrained approach to the crisis , sending Secretary of State John Kerry to multiple , so far useless , diplomatic marathons with his Russian counterpart even as Russia continues Putin civilians in support of Assad , Clinton sounds determined to impose a    zone , which would defy not only Syria ’s army but also Russia . She says she would keep Russia Russians Clinton , Clinton no clashes occur , adding " I want them at the table , " but the Russians is a sharp departure from the current policy , and one that must sound deeply disturbing to Putin . A few years ago , Putin mused , speaking about Clinton , Putin " It ’s better Clinton to argue with women . " It ’s clear now why he ’s It to great lengths to Putin having to argue with a President Hillary Clinton .   
 