Texans soundly rejected the campaign of Marco Rubio who limped out of the Lone Star State with only three delegates compared to 104 for Ted Cruz and 48 for Donald Trump . Marco Rubio received none of Texas’ 48 At Large statewide GOP delegates . [ Despite Marco Rubio ’s promises to do well in the Texas GOP primary , Rubio was Marco Rubio able to pull one delegate in each of three congressional district races . He picked Marco Rubio one delegate in Houston ( CD 7 )   one in El Paso ( CD 16 ) and one district in north Dallas ( CD 32 ) .   The At Large delegates selected in statewide voting were distributed between Cruz , with 30 delegates , and Trump with 17 . Senator Cruz Cruz congressional districts with a majority vote and received all three delegates in those districts . two congressional districts were : two congressional districts congressional district , the seat held by Tea Party favorite Louie Gohmert and the 29th congressional district , a seat held by Democrat Gene Green . The total delegate count , according to the Texas Secretary of State ’s website , is 104 delegates for Cruz , 48 for Trump , and 3 for Rubio . As the dust settles on Super Tuesday ’s massive primary election day , Trump takes a lead of Trump delegates over Cruz , according to Politico Cruz com . However , Politico ’s numbers for Texas Politico complete as they only show 135 of Texas’ Politico’s numbers for Texas delegates having been awarded . The accuracy of their other delegate counts has not Politico’s numbers for Texas verified . They show Trump with 316 delegates Politico’s numbers for Texas Trump with 226 and Rubio Cruz 106 . Kasich and Carson have 25 and 8 delegates respectively . In addition to winning Texas , Cruz also secured first place Cruz in neighboring Oklahoma and Texas’ geographic rival , Alaska . In the giant state of Alaska , Cruz won 12 delegates Alaska Cruz won 11 and Rubio pulled 5 , Politico reported . In Oklahoma , Cruz won 14 delegates Oklahoma Cruz 12 and 11 for Trump and Rubio . Despite finishing Trump in Rubio behind Trump and Rubio , Cruz pulled more delegates Trump Peach State than did Rubio . Georgia awarded 40 delgates to Trump , Rubio to Georgia and 14 to Rubio Cruz Again , these numbers are from Politico Rubio During a speech at his rally in Houston , Cruz told the nation Rubio Cruz is the only candidate that has beaten Trump Rubio a primary ( this was prior to Trump announcement of Rubio ’s Minnesota win ) . He now has Rubio victories . Rubio ’s only Rubio came on the Super Tueday caucus Rubio . But even there , Rubio only won one more Minnesota than Cruz . Minnesota awarded Rubio to Rubio , 13 to Cruz and 10 Minnesota Trump . Bob Rubio is a senior Cruz news contributor for Breitbart Texas and a member of the original Breitbart Texas team . He is also a Life Member of the Texas . Follow Bob Price on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Bob Price 