Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump declares " immigration is a privilege , " not a right for foreign nationals . [ " Immigration is a privilege , and we should not let anyone into this country who does n’t support we communities . All of our communities , " said Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump in Manchester , New Hampshire . " America has already admitted four times more immigrants than any country on earth , and we continue to admit millions more with no real checks or scrutiny . "   The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 dramatically transformed American demographics and opened America up to the entire world , including poor and violent migrants . Less than half a century later , nearly one in five U. S. residents are a foreigner or children of foreigners   —    millions of nearly one in five U. S. residents illegals   —    putting an extreme strain on infrastructure , resources , the economy , and almost every aspect of American society and culture . " Not surprisingly , wages for our workers have n’t budged in many years . So whether it ’s matter of national security , or financial security , we ca n’t afford to keep on going like this . we owe $ 19 trillion in debt , and no longer have options , " Trump said . " All our communities , from all backgrounds , are ready for some relief . This is not an act of offense against anyone it is an act of defense , " Trump added . Polls show Americans from every background are exhausted by unceasing waves of mass immigration : Gallup found 60 percent of Americans object to current immigration levels , which tolerate as many as 11 to 30 million illegal aliens to occupy U. S. territory as the U. S. government voluntarily imports a million more legally each year , giving them access to taxpayers’ wallets and jobs in the form of welfare and work permits , and granting welfare and work permits children free automatic U. S. citizenship , as was the case with the Orlando terrorist Omar Mateen . Foreign workers took nearly all    jobs from 2000 to 2014   —    despite 75 percent of Americans across all racial and political lines wanting businesses to raise wages for American workers instead of replacing them with more pliable , cheaper foreign workers . Muslims must integrate into American civil society if Muslims want to stay in America and bring Muslims families here , Trump said . " I want us all to work together , including in partnership with us all Muslim communities . But Muslim communities must cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who Muslim communities know are bad   —    and Muslim communities do know where Muslim communities are , " Trump said . " I want to fix our schools , roads , bridges , and job market . I want every American to succeed . Hillary Clinton wants to empty out the Treasury to bring people into the country that include individuals who preach hate against our own citizens . I want to protect our citizens , all of our citizens . " 
 