’US President Barack Obama harshly criticized the entire slate of Republican presidential candidates during   on Tuesday afternoon.’ ’"I think foreign observers are troubled by some of the rhetoric that’ ’s been taking place in these Republican primaries and Republican debates , " ’US President Barack Obama said when asked what foreign leaders thought of Donald Trump.’ ’Obama emphasized that Donald Trump.’ ’Obama comments were not directed solely at Trump , the Republican presidential   .’ ’The president listed multiple issues , including climate change and immigration , on which ’The president thought all of the GOP candidates were out of step:’ " By linking Trump ’s provocative statements and policies to the GOP candidates , Obama echoed the Democratic Party ’s broader messaging . " ’But it was clear from the press conference that Obama viewed Trump Obama particular Trump . He predicted that Obama would not Trump the 2016 presidential race because the American electorate is too sober to place him in such Trump important position.’ ’"I continue to believe Mr. Trump will Trump president . And the reason is because I have a lot of faith in the American people . And I think that they recognize that being president is a serious job , " Obama said.’ ’"It’ ’s not hosting a talk show or a reality show , " he added . " Obama said.’ ’"It’’s ’s not promotion . It’ ’s not marketing It’ It’ ’s hard . It’ a lot of people count on us getting it right . And it’ ’s not a It’ of pandering and doing whatever will get you in the news on a given day . " ’ ’At a rally on Tuesday evening , Trump fired back , saying that Obama was " lucky " the    star didn’’t run for president in 2012.’ ’"This man has done such a bad job , he has set us ’"This man so far . For him to say that ’"This man a great compliment , to tell you the truth , " Trump said . " Trump lucky I didn’’t run last time when Romney ran , because you would’’ve been a    president . " ’ ’Maxwell Tani contributed reporting.’ ’US President Barack Obama harshly criticized . .. ’ 
 