Notre Dame law professor and noted Catholic educator Gerard Bradley says it ’s time for Donald Trump to focus on eliminating the Common Core standards by lighting a fire under the grassroots movement that drew attention to the federal reform some years ago . [ " It is time to refocus President Trump ’s attention upon Common Core and persuade President Trump’s to ignite a national movement to roll it back , " writes Bradley at the Witherspoon Institute ’s Public Discourse .    Bradley , who is Witherspoon ’s chair of the academic committee of the Simon Center on Religion and the Constitution , is especially concerned about Catholic schools that have adopted the nationalized Common Core . Bradley, who is Witherspoon’s chair of the academic committee of the Simon Center on Religion and the Constitution writes : The stated objective of Common Core is to produce "   and   " high school graduates . Yet even Common Core proponents concede that Common Core only prepares students for    level work . In truth , Common Core is a dramatic reduction of the nature and purpose of education to mere workforce preparation . As Breitbart News reported in 2013 , Bradley led some 130 Catholic scholars in a letter to the United States Catholic bishops , requesting that the United States Catholic bishops abandon implementation of the Common Core in Catholic dioceses . At that point , about 100 of the 195 Catholic dioceses in the nation had adopted the standards reform . a letter to the United States Catholic bishops asserted that Common Core does " a grave disservice to Catholic education " and is " contrary to tradition and academic studies on reading and human formation . " Referring to the the Common Core in Catholic dioceses emphasis on informational reading , the scholars charged that supporters of the Core were the Common Core in Catholic dioceses " transform ‘ literacy’ " into a ‘ critical’ skill set , at the expense of sustained and heartfelt encounters with great works of literature . " Calling Common Core " so deeply flawed , " the scholars continued : the scholars Common Core say that the Common Core in Catholic dioceses designed to make America Calling Common Core children " college and career ready . " We instead judge Common Core to be a recipe for standardized workforce preparation . Common Core shortchanges the central goals Common Core sound education and surely those of Catholic education : to grow in the virtues necessary to know , love , and serve the Lord , to mature into a responsible , flourishing adult , and to contribute as a citizen to the process of responsible democratic   . Common Core adopts a    pragmatic approach to education . The heart of its philosophy is , as far as we can see , that it is a waste of resources to its " people . The basic goal of    schools is to provide everyone with a modest skill set after that , people can specialize in college   —    if they end up there .    do people need to know Huck    . Physicians have no use for the humanities . Only those destined to major in literature need to worry about Ulysses . " The contrast between a sound Catholic education and Common Core could scarcely be sharper , " writes Bradley today , citing the joint publication of the Pioneer Institute and the American Principles Project titled , After the Fall : Catholic Education Beyond the Common Core . Bradley further explains that attempts by Catholic Bradley to " work with " or adapt the Common Core standards are useless . " Common Core is so philosophically at odds with a sound Catholic education that an acceptable modus vivendi is unavailable , " he states . " Trying to pour Bradley Core into such venerable wineskins will burst them . " Bradley observes the move such venerable wineskins adopt Common Bradley in many secularized or independent " Catholic " schools is consistent with the fact that the " Catholicism " in the schools is already of the    variety . He writes : These schools are already Bradley down the the schools transition from providing a truly Catholic education ( as it is so aptly described in " After the Fall " ) to being more like a religiously inspired , affordable private alternative to dysfunctional public schools . The appeal of this denouement is undeniable : urban " Catholic " schools might be the best route up and out of the ghetto for thousands of    children who deserve that opportunity . But this encouraging effect is and must be just that : a welcome    of providing a genuine Catholic education . Just as more parents are withdrawing their children from Common Core public schools and Just as more parents to homeschool them instead , Bradley warns the same will their children to Catholic schools that have signed onto the Core , a situation that risks more Catholic young people with little to no knowledge of their faith . " Adopting Common Core will more Catholic young people accelerate this exodus , a hemorrhage of precisely those students who should form a Catholic school ’s backbone , " he adds . Trump ’s education secretary nominee a Catholic school’s Betsy DeVos has for years financed and served as a board member of organizations that promote Common Core , but she has recently denied that she is a Trump’s education secretary nominee billionaire Betsy DeVos of the standards . Trump’s education secretary nominee billionaire Betsy DeVos 