Actress Amy Schumer is currently in negations to play the staring role in the upcoming    film Barbie , which is being produced by Sony Pictures . [ The film is set to receive a PG rating , with principal production to began in spring 2017 .   Actress Amy Schumer comes across as an interesting pick for the title role of Barbie , a movie geared toward young audiences . The     star has made a name for The    star in Hollywood for The    star    stand up comedy , which was epitomized in The    star raunchy ,    2015 movie Trainwreck .   Since 2014 , Schumer ’s Comedy Central show , Inside Schumer , has pushed the boundaries of sexual satire through    sketch comedy . Nevertheless , as Deadline reports , The    star boasts a " funny empowerment take that sparked the interest of Schumer Schumer made The    star want to fit it the interest of Schumer The    star crowded movie schedule . " " Sony chief Tom Rothman brought the script to Schumer Schumer , and pitched the take to her Schumer " Deadline reports . Schumer Schumer read the the script agreed to the role . The film is currently without a director , is devoid a supporting cast , and does n’t have a release date , although Sony is eyeing a summer 2018 opening . Schumer Schumer had a busy year . She Schumer racked up three appearance on animated sitcoms The Simpsons , Family Guys , and Bob ’s Burgers . Schumer Schumer February and March filming Thank You for Your Service , a    that explores the impact Post Traumatic Stress Disorder has on U. S. military service veterans . In September , her Schumer , The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo , became a bestseller . Schumer Schumer featured in several Bud Light ads before the beer company pulled the plug on the ad campaign , citing a slump in sales . On August 26 , Schumer Schumer off a global tour that has caused controversy during some of its Schumer S. stops . In October , hundreds of fans stormed out of Schumer Schumer show in Tampa , Florida , after she called Schumer Trump an " orange ,       monster . " Schumer doubled Schumer at a later show in New York City , and mock the fans who walked out on her at Schumer Tampa show a later show in New York City Schumer the long list of celebrities who vowed to leave the country if Trump won . The comedy star later claimed that her promise to move was The comedy star joke . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 