Pope Francis threw Pope Francis into the middle of an already overheated Republican presidential race when Pope Francis questioned frontrunner Donald Trump ’s Christian faith . [ Pope Franics made it appear as if frontrunner Donald Trump unprecedented remarks were motivated simply by a concern over frontrunner Donald Trump goal of building a wall along the U. S.   border , but I have little doubt the pope ’s broadside has less to do with whether or not there should be a border wall and more about pandering to Mexican Catholics .   In fact , the the pope’s taking on Trump frontrunner Donald Trump boost his own the pope’s with Mexican Catholics Mexican Catholics to divert attention away from long simmering questions about the Mexican church the Catholic Church donations . Because the Catholic Church is struggling to stem defections among Mexican Catholics Mexican Mexican Catholics sects , the pope came prepared to demonstrate he was a friend of working class the pope . The American political debate over illegal immigration was tailor made for pontifical sound bites . By diverting attention to a brawl with Trump , the pope can continue avoiding a peculiar the pope Mexico : huge cash donations to the Mexican church from cartel bosses .   the Church are so common they are huge cash donations to the Mexican church from cartel bosses ( narco alms ) . huge cash donations to the Mexican church from cartel bosses money laundering laws are violated so long as the Mexican clerics do not kick back any of the cash to the traffickers , but it is a problem the U. S. government has pleaded with the Church to address .   Attacking Trump ’s faith is about as good a diversion as possible to avoid having to tackle narco alms . Pope Francis likes to wear a reformer ’s mantle .   In going after Trump , he said , " A person who thinks only about Attacking Trump walls Pope Francis wherever they may be , and not of building bridges   …     . this is not in the gospel . " When I heard that , I could only think of the fact that Pope Francis has steadfastly refused all public calls to open the Vatican Pope Francis files and bank records from World War II .   This issue is particularly timely because of evidence that the Vatican may have profited during World War II through secret investments in the Vatican’s Italian insurers , and that World War II outsized profits by escheating the life insurance policies of Jews sent to the death camps . When he was the cardinal of Buenos Aires , he said those files should be opened .   Now , as pope , he has he the issue . The pope ’s criticism of Donald Trump could apply to he Vatican ’s own intransigence over pope archives .   " Building walls " ( or in other words keeping the files the Vatican’s lock and key inside the Secret Archives ) instead " of building bridges those files opening the archives to historians ) is " not the gospel . " No one , of course , questions Pope Francis ’s faith as a Christian simply because he is not tackling    or opening up the secret Holocaust files . The same should apply to Pope Francis candidates .   The pope is free to disagree with any politician , but to interfere in American politics is likely Pope .   And to do so with a moral judgment about faith violates a secular and religious red line that should be sacrosanct . 
 