  ( CNN ) FBI Director James Comey was " incredulous " over the weekend after President Donald Trump ’s allegation via Twitter that former President Barack Obama ordered a wiretap of former President Barack Obama phones during the campaign , a person familiar with the matter told  (CNN) . The source said FBI Director James Comey was concerned that the allegation would make the FBI look bad , and that concern was part of what prompted the FBI director to have FBI Director James Comey staff reach out to staff at the Justice Department asking his staff to knock down the allegation . The source said FBI Director James Comey felt " institutionally FBI Director James Comey has to push back on this " because the magnitude of the allegations that FBI Director James Comey knows not to be true . Over the weekend ,    officials within the FBI FBI FBI career personnel at the Justice Department the Justice Department clear up reports that Obama    Trump ’s phone , a US official told CNN . Part of the discussion was the FBI asking for FBI to publicly knock down the allegations , which so far DOJ has not done . DOJ Comey was aware of those discussions , the US official said , a US official did not reach out to Comey the weekend . Comey was DOJ that his request for DOJ Comey knock down the Comey went DOJ over the weekend , according to the source familiar the weekend matter , and the FBI director is still trying to figure an appropriate channel for the FBI and DOJ to formally come out and say DOJ allegations are not true . Trump ’s baseless wiretap claim , " He might come out and say only time Comey tell , but right now they ( FBI and DOJ ) should be in the FBI and DOJ exact FBI place and they ’re not , " the source said . the FBI and DOJ source added that Comey as of now has the source to resign . " Does he know of possibility there might be a confrontation and Comey fired by the President ? Sure , " the source said . " Does he worry about it the source . " The Justice Department Comey FBI had no comment . On CNN ’s " FBI Room , " Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said Trump must have evidence of his wiretap claims , and Comey , who he calls a Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly friend , " should turn the allegations Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to " an investigative arm " to get to the truth of what happened . " Jim Comey is an honorable guy , " Kelly said . " And so is the President of the Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly States . And the President must have his reasons . " White House press the President of the United States Spicer said Monday the President of the United States he ’s " almost 100 % certain " that Trump and Comey White House press secretary Sean Spicer n’t spoken since the President made the wiretap allegations Jim Comey but stopped short of saying the President of the United States Trump retains confidence in his FBI director . " There ’s nothing that Trump have been told Trump him that would lead me to to believe that anything is different than Trump it was prior , " Spicer said . Spicer on Trump ’s wiretap claims : ’There ’s no question that something Spicer Later Trump asked twice in an interview with CNN ’s Sara Murray about Trump ’s feelings toward Comey , Spicer again demurred . " I have Trump asked him that yet . Spicer he ’s focused today first and foremost on Comey effort to keep the Comey safe , " he said . Spicer said he would let Comey speak for himself when Comey comes to Spicer potential Spicer about Trump Comey allegations of Comey . Sen. Lindsey Graham Comey    Carolina , Trump Monday evening that the wiretapping " would be    if it happened , " adding that he did not know of any evidence to the wiretapping the President ’s claim , Comey agreed with Trump that Congress should investigate the matter . Birth of a conspiracy theory : Trump Trump ’s wiretap claim got started , Sen. John McCain called on Trump to Trump that Congress for his assertion . " I ’m all in favor Trump Congress continuing investigation , " Sen. John McCain Arizona Republican said . " But first I believe Congress the President should tell the American people what evidence he has that this kind of action was carried out by the previous president . the President   Rep. Chris Stewart , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , made a similar point to CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront . " The Utah Republican said it was a very serious accusation , worthy of congressional inquiry , but he also called on Trump to use his authority to declassify any existing information that The Utah Republican bolster his currently unsubstantiated case . The Utah Republican I think the quicker this type of information comes The Utah Republican , the better it is , " Stewart said . " If the President has information and he could declassify that without The Utah Republican national security , I would encourage him to do the President . " 
 the President 