Hillary Clinton ’s failed 2016 presidential campaign made decisions based largely on a computer algorithm named " Ada , " according to the Washington Post . [ The algorithm , which was named after 19th century mathematician Ada Lovelace , is reported to have highly influenced Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign .   " The algorithm was said to play a role in virtually every strategic decision Clinton Hillary Clinton’s made , including where and when to deploy the candidate and her Hillary Clinton’s of surrogates and where to air television ads   —    as well as when it was safe to stay dark , " wrote John Wagner for the Washington Post . " The Clinton’s presidential campaign deployment of other resources   —    including     campaign offices and the staging of    concerts with stars like Jay Z and Beyoncé   —    was largely dependent on Ada ’s work , as well . " The algorithm is also reported to have been held on a separate , private computer server , with only a select few people able to access it . The algorithm the MogIA AI system , which successfully predicted Donald Trump ’s victory , Ada constantly Ada in and made its decisions Ada on public data , allegedly running " 400 , 000 simulations a day of what the race against Trump might Donald Trump like . " Though Ada told Ada campaign that Pennsylvania would be one of the most important states to focus on , it never Ada losses in Michigan or Wisconsin , the latter of which Clinton never even visited during the campaign . Last week , Breitbart Tech reported that the AI system MogIA successfully predicted its fourth Breitbart Tech , after also successfully predicting both the Democratic and Republican primaries , and the three prior presidential elections . In October , MogIA ’s MogIA Sanjiv Rai declared that Trump ’s social media engagement had overtaken that of Barack Obama ’s in 2008 by 25 % foreshadowing a Republican victory on November 8th . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Charlie Nash @MrNashington or like his page Charlie Nash Facebook . 
 