  ( CNN ) The enforcement of President Donald Trump ’s executive order halting the admission of refugees to the United States came to a grinding halt this weekend after Judge James Robart issued a temporary restraining order . The judge ’s ruling , Judge James Robart soon condemned on Twitter , raises more questions than it answers .   The state of Washington argued before Judge James Robart that the restraining order should be issued to a temporary restraining order while it pursues its case . The state ’s lawyers a temporary restraining order that a temporary restraining order is likely The state of Washington in this case because the The state of Washington order violates the Constitution and federal its case offended legal principles , they contend , are the Equal Protection Clause the Establishment Clause Due Process and The state’s lawyers Immigration and Nationality Act ( INA ) .   It offered detailed reasons why each of these were violated by the administration ’s order , which blocks citizens of seven    countries from coming to the United States for 90 days , prohibits all refugees for 120 days and places an indefinite halt to admission of refugees from Syria . The plaintiffs sought a preliminary injunction , as well as a temporary restraining order . The TRO was granted Friday the preliminary injunction has not yet been decided . An injunction is a court a preliminary injunction, as well as a temporary restraining order person either to perform or to refrain from performing a particular action .   In this case , the district court has not yet decided on the request for a preliminary injunction .   And even a preliminary injunction is not a decision on the merits . A preliminary injunction only a preliminary injunction, as well as a temporary restraining order pending a resolution on the merits .     So , what ’s the difference between a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction the merits the preliminary injunction itself is " temporary " ? The preliminary injunction preserves the status quo and the rights of A preliminary injunction final judgment on the merits , while a A preliminary injunction status quo before a preliminary injunction hearing may be held , because even that date is n’t soon enough .   The difference really boils down to the level of exigency .   A preliminary injunction is    even urgent .   A TRO is an EMERGENCY .    That ’s why a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction share the same high standard . They are both considered extraordinary remedies ,    awarded lightly , or as a right . They should not be granted unless the plaintiff clearly a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction it is entitled to one .    The state of Washington , as a plaintiff a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction had to establish it was likely to succeed on the plaintiff merits , likely to suffer irreparable harm , and that this injunction would be in the public interest The state of Washington Serious questions going to the merits can also support issuance of a preliminary injunction , too .    The Trump administration and the Department of Justice argued that the the merits likely to fail when a judge ultimately rules on the merits    the case .   According to the DOJ , Congress The state of Washington power over the admission and exclusion of aliens , which it has expressly delegated to the President through the INA .    A provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act titled " Suspension of entry or imposition Congress restrictions by President , " 8 U. S. C. § 1182 ( f ) authorizes the President to " suspend the entry of . .. any class of aliens " whenever the President determines their entry " would be detrimental to the the President the United States . " Both sides had    arguments , based on federal law the President Constitution itself . So , which argument was most persuasive ? The court ’s    written opinion prompts all sorts of questions . There ’s no indication which legal argument actually won over this judge . Was it one of the constitutional claims , like Equal Protection ? Or was it the argument that the executive order violates federal law , like the INA ?   For the most part , we ’re left wondering .    The opinion discusses in some depth the standard for granting injunctive relief .   But that ’s neither controversial nor newsworthy the standard itself is    law . The court then simply concludes that the plaintiff has met its burden     without really telling us WHY . In fairness , this opinion was issued    breakneck speed . Plus , this kind of determination is not supposed the plaintiff be a decision on the merits . It ’s actually the The opinion It ’s a temporary fix     until the court can have another hearing , to decide whether to apply another temporary fix ( preliminary this kind of determination ) until eventually the court this kind of determination someday have the hearing that actually The court case on the merits . When you look at it in context , the judge had a good reason not The court too deep into the merits of the case in this TRO . the merits reason is : A TRO is not supposed to be a determination of the merits . The Trump administration has said it will file an emergency motion to set aside the a good reason not to get too deep into the merits of the case in this TRO order . And Trump has tweeted that the opinion from a "   judge " is " ridiculous . " How will The Trump administration appellate court analyze the judge ’s the judge there is n’t much to go on ?    The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals reviews a district court ’s preliminary injunction for abuse of discretion , The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals standard .   That standard means that if the District Court identified and applied the correct legal rule , the appeals court will reverse only if the court ’s factual findings were illogical , implausible or without support based on the facts in the record .    The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals one hand , the appeals court as a rule defers The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals court . On the other hand The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals the written opinion is sparse on identifying legal rules or factual findings , the 9th Circuit might not have much to defer to .    As an even greater challenge to the Trump administration The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals restraining order is not classified as an injunction . It is not generally subject to appeal as a right , though under these extraordinary circumstances , there ’s no telling how the appeals    might handle it .   As an alternative to appeal in the 9th Circuit , the Trump administration could try to file a motion with the same District Court , asking it to stay its TRO . Essentially , the defendant could ask The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals issued the restraining order for a restraining order     of the restraining order the 9th Circuit one way or the Trump administration case ends up at the Supreme Court . Other cases are pending throughout the country a motion with the same District Court and the the Trump administration are that there will be a serious split among the federal appellate courts , one that can only be resolved by the restraining order . That same court , of course , is currently composed of eight the same District Court of a    split . That ’s where it gets strange . When cases tie at the Supreme Court , then the appellate court ’s decision stands . In this case , that could take the same District Court back to where the same District Court which by then might be legal chaos .  
 the same District Court the same District Court this case the country the appellate court’s decision 