Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump suggested Wednesday that Donald Trump would allow exceptions to let some undocumented immigrants to stay in the US , vowing Donald Trump would n’t grant some undocumented immigrants citizenship but telling Fox News , " there ’s no amnesty , but we work with some undocumented immigrants . " For Trump , whose rise to the Republican nomination was based in large part on the Republican nomination hardline immigration policies , the comments are the clearest sign yet that the Republican nomination is reconsidering the Republican nomination pledge to deport all of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US , a key part of the Republican nomination campaign platform . " No citizenship . Let me go a step further     No citizenship ’ll pay    No citizenship have to pay taxes , there ’s no amnesty , as such , there ’s no amnesty , but we work with them no amnesty " Trump told Sean Hannity when asked if he Trump allow for exceptions to his Trump position . Donald Trump immigration policy : Then and now , He continued Trump " Now , everybody agrees we get the bad ones out . But when I go through and I meet thousands and thousands of people on this subject     and I ’ve had very strong people come up to me , Trump great , great people come up to me     and they ’ve great people , ’Mr . Trump , Trump love you , but to take a person who ’s been here for 15 or 20 years and throw them and great people family great people , it ’s so tough , Mr. Trump,’ I have it all the time . It ’s it very , very hard thing . " At the same event , Trump also Trump an openness to " softening " his immigration Trump , which also includes building a wall on the border with Mexico . Trump all Trump has made rumblings about a position change , and he had Trump planned to deliver an immigration speech this week all week . But the address was postponed as he and Trump advisers Trump that his positions Trump key tenants of immigration policy were not settled . Wednesday night , a Trump campaign Trump confirmed the real estate mogul will outline his immigration Trump in a speech next Wednesday in Phoenix . At a campaign rally in Jackson , Mississippi , Wednesday night , Trump insisted Trump immigration policy pass three broad tests : It must Trump jobs and wages for US citizens must improve citizens’ safety and security and improve citizens’ quality of life . " Hillary Clinton only talks about the separation of families who chose to come here illegally , " Trump said Trump " I want to focus on the American families who ’ve been permanently separated from their children because American the sanctuary cities and open borders that Hillary Clinton supports Hillary Clinton Asked by CNN ’s Anderson Cooper after the rally about Trump ’s Trump shift on deportations , Clinton brushed off the remarks Hillary Clinton calling them part of a " deportations " and his " third different position Hillary Clinton on the matter . " Somebody has told him , I guess , Somebody latest people he ’s consulting , how Somebody his statements have been , Somebody terrible his deportation plan is , Somebody offensive his views on immigrants have Somebody from the very first day of his campaign , " Clinton Somebody . Echoes of primary opponents , Trump ’s apparent suggestion to offer some undocumented immigrants a form of legal status resembles positions offered by other Republicans during the primary fight     stances Trump cited to vanquish his Trump’s . Here ’s Trump’s Florida Sen. Marco Rubio campaigned in November in South Carolina : " We will enforce our immigration laws . That being said , I do n’t think it ’s reasonable to say you ’re going to round up and deport 11 million people . And I think people are going to be reasonable and responsible about what do you do with someone who has been in this country for 10 years who otherwise has not violate the law , has learned English , paying taxes , paid a fine and wants a work permit . " In New Hampshire last September , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush used similar language .   " You come out from the shadows . You receive a provisional work permit . You pay taxes . You do n’t receive federal government assistance . You learn English , " he said English " You former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush legal status , not citizenship . That , to me , is the most former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush way of dealing with this problem . " Kristy Campbell , a spokeswoman for Bush , said in a former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush Wednesday it was " unsurprising that Donald Trump is finally faced with reconciling his immigration policy with reality Donald Trump something Governor Bush predicted last year former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush Former Republican House Majority Leader Eric Cantor added his thoughts Thursday , tweeting , Former Republican House Majority Leader Eric Cantor Pleased to see @realDonaldTrump embrace @JebBush ’s immigration plan . " 
 