Political analyst David S. Bernstein writes that Hillary Clinton is already making all the major mistakes that Donald Trump needs to win November ’s general election . [ From Politico Magazine :   It ’s a terrifying moment for Democrats : Hillary Clinton ’s    lead in national polls has evaporated and panic is beginning to set in . Polls now show Donald Donald Trump of Clinton Hillary Clinton or at worst only a few points behind . During the insanity of the Republican primary , it was easy for them to believe that Trump could Donald Trump be president —   that in a general election , mainstream voters would regard him as Donald Trump absurdity . But Clinton Hillary Clinton a shaky candidate with historically high negatives , an email scandal that keeps getting worse and a stubborn primary opponent whose supporters may yet become a midsummer nightmare in Philadelphia . Meanwhile , the Republicans , seemingly in    civil war just weeks ago , have quickly fallen in line . Democrats are resigning themselves to Democrats tough , ugly , painful and expensive street fight . The numbers offer some reassurance for Democrats —   but also some bad news . The reassurance some reassurance for Democrats the recent polls probably do n’t mean much . Trump ’s current surge is likely driven by Republican voters coalescing around their nominee Democrats and Clinton will almost certainly get a similar bump when Bernie Sanders lets go and Democratic voters return to the fold . Most pundits believe 2016 is still Clinton ’s race Clinton . Here ’s the bad news : There is now a clear path for her to lose it Clinton If you drill down enough , it ’s clear there are at least four paths to a loss , and any one of them poses a real least four paths to a loss for a candidate likely to follow her usual careful , Clinton playbook . The cold math of a potential Clinton defeat is not Clinton be found in national polls , but in the Electoral College —   and within each state ’s unique demographics and culture . Trump wo n’t dramatically remake the political map , but he does n’t need Trump . He just needs to Trump a little more out of certain voters in certain states , while Clinton draws a little Clinton . Read the rest of the article here . 
 