Alfonse M. D’Amato , a former United States senator , has given many speeches in Alfonse M. D’Amato, a former United States senator day , trying to rouse Alfonse M. D’Amato, a former United States senator peers into action . Not all have worked . But of all those failed exhortations , none   —    at least , none known so far   —    have occurred on a JetBlue Airways flight , ending with Mr. D’Amato ’s removal from the plane . Mr. D’Amato , 79 , who represented New York as a Republican from 1981 to 1999 , was removed from a JetBlue flight in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. after causing a conflict , according to JetBlue . The episode , captured in part on cellphone videos taken by passengers , was on a New    airplane at Fort    International Airport on Monday , days after a gunman killed five people there . The JetBlue flight , which had been scheduled to depart around 1:40 p. m. Monday Monday did not take off until about 8 p. m. after delays . During the delay , Mr. D’Amato stood in the aisle and urged other passengers to walk out with him Mr. D’Amato according to video of the episode . " We can still speak in this country , " Mr. Mr. D’Amato in the video video of the episode I am making an appeal to all you people . Stand up for what ’s right and walk out with me . Mr. D’Amato At least one unidentified passenger stood to join him . Mr. D’Amato I ’m going , " he said Mr. D’Amato It is not exactly clear what prompted Mr. D’Amato Mr. D’Amato . The crew was trying to move passengers to address a weight imbalance , an airline spokesman said . A passenger , Jeffrey Mr. Wurst plane ’s captain explained that about 10 people needed to move to the back of the plane from the front to balance how the the plane’s been loaded . " I saw Al D’Amato go Mr. D’Amato back , to one of the last rows , " the back of the plane said . " People spotted him and asked to take pictures . The captain then Mr. Wurst for more people to move . D’Amato the plane’s captain and Mr. D’Amato " shouting , he said . Eventually , the police were called . Mr. Wurst officer from the Broward County Sheriff ’s Office can be seen walking toward Mr. D’Amato in the Mr. D’Amato Mr. D’Amato seems to refer Mr. D’Amato issue with the seats , speaking during an announcement that the plane would take off once everyone was seated . " I ’m getting thrown out because I stood up and said to the captain , ‘ Why do n’t you do what you ’re supposed to do ? ’ " Mr. D’Amato says in the video Mr. D’Amato If you ’re supposed to move two or three people , move the video And so he got annoyed at that , and Mr. D’Amato ’m getting thrown out . you’re supposed to move two or three people As he walks by the open cockpit JetBlue Mr. D’Amato Mr. D’Amato can be seen telling the Mr. D’Amato he is a " poor excuse " for Mr. D’Amato leader . He turns to a the captain and appears to curse . JetBlue said that decisions to remove passengers from the captain were not made lightly . " If a customer is causing a conflict on the aircraft , it is standard procedure to ask the customer to deplane , especially if the crew feels the situation runs a customer risk of escalation in flight , " the company said in a statement . Gary Lewi , a spokesman for Mr. D’Amato , said that the JetBlue was in Florida to visit an Mr. Lewi ’s frustration over the long delay and " sleep deprivation " as factors in the incident . " Anyone who knows Senator D’Amato knows he Mr. D’Amato mind , " Mr. Lewi said in a statement . " JetBlue has apologized to the senator for overreacting , and the Mr. D’Amato for speaking Mr. D’Amato mind Mr. D’Amato a Mr. Lewi he clearly had left his patience at the gate . " The sheriff Mr. D’Amato said it had referred the Mr. D’Amato JetBlue . The airline Mr. D’Amato no further action would be Mr. D’Amato . The intensity Mr. D’Amato emotions raised by travel and the ubiquity of social media have The sheriff’s office to produce a perpetual stream JetBlue caustic JetBlue spin into viral news after being captured on cellphone cameras . This year , tempers flared in the wake of an emotional presidential election . A video of a supporter of the    Donald J. Trump , taunting other passengers on a Delta Air Lines flight from Atlanta to Allentown , Pa. spread widely in November . The airline eventually barred the passenger for life . Weeks later , a man was kicked off a JetBlue flight about to depart from Kennedy International Airport after causing a disturbance upon learning Ivanka Trump and her husband , Jared Kushner , were on the flight . His husband posted about it on Twitter . Mr. Wurst said that what concerned him most about the D’Amato episode was the Ivanka Trump of civility . " What I find a JetBlue flight the a man her husband we were one terminal away from where her husband erupted on Friday , " her husband said . 
 her husband 