Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump says President Barack Obama is attacking President Barack Obama because President Barack Obama ’s " concerned I ’m going to win . "   Donald Trump criticized President Barack Obama in an interview with WJLA hours after President Barack Obama had declared at a news conference that Donald Trump is " unfit to serve as president . "   " Well , President Barack Obama ’s a terrible president , " Donald Trump said . " President Barack Obama ’ll probably go down as the worst president in the history of our country , President Barack Obama ’s been a total disaster . "   Donald Trump pointed to the Middle East , and President Barack Obama ’s failure to enforce " President Barack Obama line in the sand " in Syria over the use of chemical weapons , as evidence of the President ’s foreign policy failures .   President Barack Obama says Donald Trump for presidency , " I think it just means he President Barack Obama concerned I ’m going to win , " Trump Donald Trump . " Do n’t forget , last time he Donald Trump I would never get the nomination , now he Donald Trump saying I would n’t get the election now all of the sudden he Donald Trump the other day maybe I can win the the election "   The strong rebuke in the White House East Room came after Trump Donald Trump criticism of the family of a slain Muslim US soldier , along with comments that displayed apparent confusion related to the Russian incursion into Ukraine . " The Republican nominee is unfit to serve as president , " Obama said at a White House news conference alongside the Prime Minister of Singapore . " He keeps The Republican nominee proving it . " Obama described Obama feelings The Republican nominee Trump as unprecedented , recalling disagreements with previous GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney     but never an outright sense they were previous GOP presidential nominees Sen. John McCain and Mitt Romney     to serve . " The notion that he would The Republican nominee a Gold Star family that made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country , the fact that he does The Republican nominee appear to have basic knowledge of critical issues in Europe , the Middle East , in Asia , means that he ’s The Republican nominee unprepared to do this job , " Obama said . Obama said Obama are now weekly episodes in which even Republican Party leaders distance themselves from even Republican Party leaders . " There has to be a point at which you say , ’Enough,’ " Obama said Obama 
 