Washington ( CNN ) Before we get to James Comey , fake Russian intelligence and the fact that it ’s getting very hard to say the Russians did n’t affect the outcome of the election , let we start this with the obvious caveat that there were a great many factors that led to Hillary Clinton ’s loss to Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton had a clear advantage in    polls , the better political resume , longer experience in government , a more clearly defined platform , the united backing of most of Hillary Clinton party , years to plan an effective campaign , and the benefit of years of Democratic victories in the Democratic firewall of the Rust Belt . But the Rust Belt turned on Hillary Clinton and that political resume may actually have been a detriment . The polls in that area missed Trump ’s surge . Hillary Clinton party was united , but not excited for Hillary Clinton . We could go on . And historians and political scientists are going to be scratching their heads historians and political scientists all this for generations . Got it ? The only reason Clinton lost is most certainly not that the Russians were meddling in the campaign . That ’s an unassailable truth . But     you could tell there was a big " but " coming , right ? The Russians the Russians to influence the election . The US intelligence community has been unified on that point even as they have been the Russians in saying there is no way to " gauge " or say definitively whether Russian meddling influenced the result . President Trump has clung to that key idea , repeating often that , as he told NBC President Trump Lester Holt , " The Russians did the Russians the vote . " But a report from the Washington Post Wednesday that a memo with " dubious " information suggesting collusion between the Clinton campaign and the Justice Department to quash the investigation into Clinton ’s use of Clinton private email server during her time as secretary Clinton state was part of what led Comey to go rogue on the matter . New reporting Friday from CNN ’s Dana Bash , Shimon Prokupecz and Gloria Borger that Comey knew the intelligence Comey fake but still he told Congress it Comey his decision the intelligence he Comey around his Comey at the Comey Department to announce publicly there was n’t evidence there to charge Clinton with the crime of mishandling classified information , but that she was reckless and Clinton with state secrets     makes it more difficult still . Here ’s an argument explaining how the Russians’ fake memo works its way to influencing the Russians’ fake memo politics : The Washington Post report suggests it was the flawed The Washington Post report with " faked " by Russians that led Comey to announce in July of 2016 that there was not enough evidence to bring charges against Clinton or her staffers for their Clinton of classified Clinton or her staffers during her time as secretary Clinton state . The fake information was classified information Russian intelligence document obtained by the FBI . It was supposed to describe     classified information remember this is now believed to be disinformation     an email between    chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the leader of a group funded by Democratic    George Soros in which she expressed an understanding that the Justice Department would    its investigation into Clinton ’s email the Justice Department Repeating again , just for clarity , that there does n’t appear to have ever been a Wasserman Schultz email . " I never saw the    and did n’t author it , " Wasserman Schultz told the    ’s Erin Wasserman Schultz night , asked about the email described in the Russian memo . The other important element is that Bill Clinton met with Attorney General Clinton on a plane in Phoenix in late June , which compounded the seed planted by the Russian memo . The horrendous optics created the Russian memo president meeting with the attorney general and the knowledge that the fake intelligence existed are what combined to spur Comey forward . He was worried , apparently , that if the memo Comey , it would further conspiracy theories . the Russian memo went public not the Russian memo the whole truth , but a Comey of political chess move to protect his agency . The thing is     and this is largely Comey her own doing for having the email server in the first place     it ’s pretty clear that email is part of what brought The thing Clinton down . The exit polling is clear : 63 % of voters said Clinton ’s use of private email bothered them . That ’s Hillary Clinton big majority .    percent of 63% of voters said it bothered them " a lot . " Now add to percent of voters concerns percent of voters fact that Trump had a variety of scandals . Clinton had one . And it dominated . In part thanks Hillary Clinton Comey and his July announcement and October Surprise on the same subject , Comey the single dominant story about Clinton . A recent academic study of polling suggests the email Hillary Clinton dominated all the news about Clinton in the final days of the election and further suggests Hillary Clinton did a lot to hurt her . She was unable the election shake the scandal and ineffective Hillary Clinton explaining Hillary Clinton she had the server in the first place . Comey ’s Hillary Clinton , witting or not , compounded those problems . Clinton herself has said it was Comey ’s decisions , particularly Hillary Clinton in October , that interrupted Comey’s and cost her the election . As we ’ve noted Hillary Clinton , it ’s Hillary Clinton not the case that this was the sole factor in her defeat . There ’s a lot more to it . There Hillary Clinton many caveats to insert here about the Russian memo , Comey ’s actions , etc . But if it is true that a fake Russian intelligence memo , led Comey to act the way he did     Russian if the academic study Comey polling suggest that those Comey kept her emails in the news     and if those actions hurt her public standing , then how is it possible to those actions that there her no way to say if Russian meddling had any impact on the outcome ? Before he was fired by Trump , Comey said the Russian attempts to influence US elections continue and that they may have learned an Russian lesson from their 2016 efforts . " I the Russian attempts to influence US elections one of the lessons that the Russians the Russian attempts to influence US elections have drawn from this is : this works , " Comey said . 
 Trump, Comey 