Washington ( CNN ) After more than three hours of listening , Judge Neil Gorsuch finally spoke up at Judge Neil Gorsuch own confirmation hearing sending a message of unity despite the fraught atmosphere surrounding Judge Neil Gorsuch nomination .   " Long before we are Republicans or Democrats     we are Americans , " the     federal judge said .   Monday was the first day of four hearings on Neil Gorsuch a federal appeals court judge from Colorado , likely to carry on the conservative legacy of the late Justice Antonin Scalia and be an early    win for President Donald Trump . It was also a setting for Democrats to revisit Democrats feelings about the snub last year of President Barack Obama ’s nominee , Judge Merrick Garland . Acknowledging the political nature of President Barack Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick Garland nomination and confirmation hearings , Gorsuch pushed back at those who describe judges as " politicians in robes . "   " I have watched my colleagues spend long days worrying over cases , " President Barack Obama’s nominee, Judge Merrick Garland said . " Sometimes the answers follow us home and keep us up at night . " Without mentioning Trump ’s recent attacks on judges , Trump’s praised Trump’s bretheren .   " I want to thank my fellow judges across the country . Judging is sometimes a lonely and hard job . But I have seen how these men and women work with courage and collegiality , independence and integrity . these men and women work helps make the promises of our Constitution and laws real for us all . " Gorsuch also stressed the limited role of the judge . " I am humbled to Gorsuch here , " Gorsuch said . " Ours is a judiciary of honest black polyester . " And Gorsuch stressed that people often overlook that judges are often unanimous . " I wonder if people realize that Justices ( Clarence ) Thomas and ( Sonia ) Sotomayor agree about 60 % of the time , or that Justices Scalia and ( Stephen ) Breyer agreed even more often than that , " Breyer said . Democrats not over Garland snub , Gorsuch ’s statement came after four hours of speeches from senators , and repeated cries from Democrats angry about what happened     or did n’t happen     last year after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia . Sen. Patrick Leahy called it an " extraordinary blockade " that was " totally unprecedented in our country ’s whole history . "   Sen. Patrick Leahy criticized Trump for relying on conservative groups like the Heritage Foundation and Federalist Society last year to vet and recommend his list of potential Supreme Court picks . " Senate Republicans made a big show last year about respecting the voice of the American people in this process , " he his , referring to Trump ’s election victory . " Now they Senate Republicans arguing that the Senate Senate their nominees Senate Republicans by extreme interest groups and nominated by a president who lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes . " Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz responded later by saying in essence : We won . Cruz sharply Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz Republicans’ decision to hold the seat vacant , saying the presidential   election was also a " referendum on the kind of justice that should replace Justice Scalia . "     " Given the engagement of the electorate nationally on this central issue , I would suggest that Judge Gorsuch is no ordinary nominee , " Cruz said Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz   " Because of this unique and transparent process     unprecedented in the nation ’s history     his nomination Judge Gorsuch with it a his nomination legitimacy , " he continued Judge Gorsuch " The American people played a very direct role in helping choose this nominee . " Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin said the actions blocking Garland and subsequent Gorsuch nomination " is part of a Republican strategy to capture our judicial branch of government . That is why the Senate Republicans kept the Supreme Court seat vacant for more than a year and why they left the Senate Republicans judicial nominees who had received bipartisan approval of this committee the Judiciary Committee on the Senate calendar as President Obama left office . " Leahy said the GOP is conducting " court unpacking scheme , " harkening back to President Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s failed effort in the 1930s to pack the Supreme Court with more justices , a move lawmakers rejected . " Remember the Judiciary Committee once stood against a    scheme of a Democratic president that would have eroded judicial independence , and that was a proud moment , " Leahy said . Leahy Now Republicans on this committee are the Judiciary Committee their own    scheme Republicans on this committee " Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley Grassley to decry " executive overreach "    expressed " alarm " over " the threat it poses to the separation of powers . " Discussing the need for an independent jurist , Grassley said , " Good judges understand this .   They know it is n’t their job to fix Good judges law . In a Good judges , that right belongs to be the people . " Democrats going after Gorsuch dissents , Trump policies , Democrats will also use the hearing to go after Trump ’s early actions such as his travel ban for people from seven     then Trump to six       countries , which has been blocked by federal courts from coast to coast . The question , California Sen. Dianne Feinstein said of Gorsuch , is " whether he will protect the legal and constitutional rights of California Sen. Dianne Feinstein Americans . " " President Trump repeatedly promised to appoint someone in the mold of Justice Scalia , " she said , " and that the nomination of California Sen. Dianne Feinstein Gorsuch illustrates that he is a man of Gorsuch . For those President Trump us on this side President Trump our job is not to theoretically evaluate this or that us doctrine , or to review Judge Gorsuch ’s record in a vacuum . Our job Gorsuch Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch is a reasonable mainstream our job is he not . Gorsuch his mentors , Turning to his own inspirations Gorsuch Gorsuch praised his wife Gorsuch and then stopped — Gorsuch mid statement     Gorsuch hug Gorsuch . His voice cracked as he talked about an uncle he had just his wife Louise Gorsuch Of his former Gorsuch , Justice Anthony Kennedy Gorsuch Gorsuch said , " he Gorsuch me that judges can disagree without being Gorsuch . " And Gorsuch joked that Scalia , his ideological ally , and sometimes fishing partner Gorsuch a mentor too . Gorsuch The justice fished with the enthusiasm of a New Yorker . He thought the harder you slapped the line on the water , somehow Gorsuch more the fish would love it . " In citing Justice Byron White the Gorsuch noted his history as the more the fish NFL player . And he name checked two former Gorsuch of more recent vintage . " In Gorsuch today , there is God and John Elway and Peyton Manning . In my childhood it was God and Byron White , " Gorsuch said . Elway , as it happens God and John Elway and Peyton Manning to the Gorsuch endorsing Gorsuch Monday . Under John Elway radar , Gorsuch ’s nomination has flown under the Gorsuch in Washington as the focus has Gorsuch the litany of Trump actions such as the the radar proposal that would cut billions of dollars from agencies , executive orders and claims about Obama wiretapping Trump Tower . At the same time , Republicans are pushing through legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare . About a dozen people in the audience are wearing red " stop Gorsuch " shirts . Colorado ’s two senators introduced Gorsuch , as did Neal Katyal     a former Obama acting solicitor general . He will face questions from senators Tuesday Gorsuch   Grassley announced he expects a committee vote Obama Gorsuch ’s nomination on Neal Katyal    a former Obama acting solicitor general 3 . 
 Gorsuch Grassley 