Rock band Death Cab for Cutie , who contributed in Rock band Death Cab for Cutie, who contributed in their own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign , has a reminder for Rock band Death Cab for Cutie, who contributed in their own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign fans now that the Republican businessman won a decisive victory last week : Rock band Death Cab for Cutie, who contributed in their own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign concerts will always be " safe places . " [ In a statement posted across Rock band Death Cab for Cutie, who contributed in their own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign social media accounts on Monday , the    band led by singer and guitarist Ben Gibbard said that despite the " many unknowns on the horizon , " fans could always find solace at Rock band Death Cab for Cutie, who contributed in their own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign concerts .   " Rock band Death Cab for Cutie, who contributed in their own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign feel that there has never been a more important time to reaffirm the following : Death Cab for Cutie shows will always be a safe place for people of all colors , all genders , all sexual orientations and all beliefs to come together to celebrate music , love and mutual respect , " the band wrote . pic . twitter .    —    Death Cab for Cutie ( @dcfc ) November 14 , 2016 ,   " That is who we are , that is what we stand for as individuals and as a band , " the statement continued . " There are a lot of unknowns on the horizon and many things out of we control , but we remain resolute in we commitment to creating music and maintaining a community around we band that embodies compassion , understanding , kindness and safety . Be kind to one another , stand up for one another and take care of one another . " Death Cab for Cutie was the first band to participate in writer Dave Eggers’ " 30 Days , 30 Songs " project , a collection of    Trump songs written and performed by 30 different bands in the days leading up to Election Day . 30 different bands called themselves 30 different bands Musicians for a    America . " Death Cab for Cutie ’s song Cutie " Million Dollar Loan , " a mournful tune about Trump ’s early   Trump as a businessman . In a statement on its website , the Trump’s coalition said it was inspired to Trump’s against what it called the " Trump’s , divisive , and hateful campaign of Donald Trump . " " We will not be the musician coalition by Mr. Trump ’s rhetorical Donald Trump his pandering and lies and false Donald Trump , " the group wrote . " He has shown the content of Donald Trump character time and time again Donald Trump and the very fact of his candidacy is a blight on Donald Trump nation . " Death Cab for Cutie currently only has two performances scheduled a date at the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas on March 17 and an appearance at the Port of Gold music festival in Arizona the following day . Frontman Ben Gibbard will perform two solo concerts in Chicago in January .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 