Philadelphia ( CNN ) Democrats on Tuesday made Hillary Clinton the first woman to head a major party ticket     and during an emotional night , Hillary Clinton the first woman to head a major party ticket     family and supporters asked voters to give Hillary Clinton the first woman to head a major party ticket     a second look . At the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , just three miles from Independence Hall where the nation was born , a sense of history is palpable     as is Hillary Clinton ’s willingness to finally enjoy it . " What an incredible honor that you have given me , and I ca n’t believe we just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet , " Hillary Clinton said via satellite after a video montage showed the faces of all 44 male presidents before shattering like glass to reveal Hillary Clinton waiting to address the convention from New York . " This is really your victory . This is really your night , " Hillary Clinton told the cheering crowd . " And if there are any little girls out there who stayed up late to watch , let me just say I may become the first woman President . But one of the cheering crowd is next . " Hillary Clinton embraces role of political spouse , The Clinton Hillary Clinton hoped the day would build momentum and goodwill to repair the deep divides that still linger after her Hillary Clinton primary duel with Bernie Sanders . The goal is to reshape national perceptions of a candidate with negative approval ratings and who was lambasted last week at the Republican National Convention as a criminal and liar . Former President Bill Clinton weaved a parable of Clinton ’s work for children , the sick and the disabled into the story of their relationship . More than two decades after Hillary Former President Bill Clinton a fixture in national politics , Bill Clinton Former President Bill Clinton , sometimes meandering testimony was aimed at revealing a softer side of the Democratic nominee to a nationwide television audience . ’Best darned   ’ The 42nd President Former President Bill Clinton as " the Former President Bill Clinton darned    I have ever known " as he sought to debunk Republican Former President Bill Clinton Donald Trump ’s claim that Clinton is the epitome of the status quo . Bill Clinton framed the election Clinton choice between the flattering picture he painted of his wife and Clinton damning portrait Clinton GOP laid out in Cleveland last week . " One is real , the other is made up . You just have to decide which is which , my fellow Americans , " Clinton said . " Earlier today Clinton you nominated the real one . " Hillary Clinton ’s historic status was Clinton a roll call vote of the states     one of the great traditions of American politics . State roll calls : What RNC , DNC delegates want you to know , Rebecca Wininger , 49 , a Clinton delegate from Arizona , had tears streaming Clinton her face as the convention floor erupted with a Clinton delegate from Arizona when Clinton formally went over the top and secured Clinton necessary delegates to become the nominee . " We made history today by nominating the first woman for president . To be part of that moment was inspiring , overwhelming , " Wininger said .   Nancy Pelosi , a history maker in her own right after becoming the    woman in the history of the US government when she was elected House speaker in 2007 , her also overcome . " It ’s beyond thrilling . It ’s very exciting and to see at It end she ’s the nominee . It ’s going her be spectacular , " It told CNN ’s Dana Bash . Bittersweet feeling , But there was also a bittersweet feeling about the night . For Sanders supporters , it was a moment of loss as well as pride in a    campaign . Sanders stood on the floor to officially proclaim Sanders former rival the party nominee . " Sanders move that Hillary Clinton be selected as the nominee of the Democratic Party for President of the United States , " Sanders said . Often a gruff figure on Sanders campaign trail , Sanders also showed unusual signs of sentiment . Sanders one of the night ’s most moving moments , his brother , Larry , who lives in Sanders , rose to deliver the votes of the Democrats Abroad movement to his sibling and remembered their parents . A Sanders of Michelle Obama Abroad movement she ’ll never run for office , " Michelle Obama did not have easy lives and they died young , " said Larry Sanders They " They would be immensely proud of their son They accomplishments , " said Sanders They who was also choking back tears as the crowd gave him a rousing ovation . As soon as the Clinton nomination was made official , a group of Sanders supporters staged a walk out from the Larry Sanders hall chanting " this is what democracy looks like . " Against that backdrop , Democrats had a tricky political assignment Tuesday night . They had to give full recognition to Clinton Democrats moment but also pay due respect Clinton her rival whose supporters are loath to give Clinton the fight . The campaign also faces an urgent need to sketch a new image of Clinton in the nation ’s consciousness . For Clinton the credit she got for being a trailblazer , she Clinton often a polarizing figure whose frequent Clinton highs have been tempered by    political disasters , including the debacle over her private email server . Tough fight ahead Clinton And as Trump basks in his own    bounce , Democrats are becoming Trump skittish about a presidential race in which Clinton is still the favorite , but appears to be facing a tough fight . So , almost as soon as a roll call vote of the states had wrapped up , speaker after speaker arrived on the stage in Philadelphia to attest to Clinton ’s character and sense of mission . Clinton of    sons killed by law enforcement and gun violence took the stage in a    call for social the stage in Philadelphia reform . They spoke of how Clinton had embraced their cause Mothers of   sons killed by law enforcement and gun violence as cries Clinton " Black Lives Mothers of   sons killed by law enforcement and gun violence " rang out from the audience . ’Mothers of the Movement’ makes case for Hillary Clinton , " I am an unwilling Clinton this movement , " said Sybrina Fulton , mother of the Movement , as she spoke for other members of " Mothers of Clinton Movement . " " Hillary Clinton has the compassion to comfort a grieving Clinton " Fulton said . " She has the courage to lead the fight for common Clinton gun legislation . " Civil rights icon John Lewis hailed Clinton as a " leader who can unite us as Clinton nation , a leader who can break down barriers . " Clinton was hailed as a heroine of    by first Clinton and survivors during her time as a New York senator . " She Clinton , called , and checked in for years Clinton because she cared . When I needed her , she was Clinton , " said Lauren Manning Clinton a Clinton survivor . Former Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean praised Clinton as a tireless fighter for progressive causes . He recalled her effort to reform health care during her husband ’s Former Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean , which ultimately failed even as Clinton persevered in the battle for children ’s health insurance Clinton " She fought the way she always did . She did Clinton homework . She Clinton .   She Clinton forgot Clinton she was Clinton for , " Clinton former DNC chief Clinton , ending his speech with a joyful reprise of his 2004 " Dean Scream the former DNC chief " Former Secretary of State Madeleine the former DNC chief argued that Clinton had the character , steel and principles to be President , and argued that Trump had already damaged the nation by the way he has run for the office . " He has weakened our Trump in the world by threatening to walk Trump from our friends and our allies , " Albright said , and slammed our she said our the GOP nominee ’s " strange fascination " with Albright . But it was Bill Clinton ’s address for which the night will be remembered . The speech was tender , admiring and laced with the political savvy that characterized the career of the man President Barack Obama called the " Explainer in Chief , " thanks to his role in his 2012    bid . But critics will likely complain Clinton ’s his skipped over the many controversies of his own career Bill Clinton’s lives together     including his impeachment over an Bill Clinton’s with a White House intern and the Clintons’ Bill Clinton’s problems in overcoming perceptions that they sometimes cut ethical corners and abhor transparency . Still , the former their pleaded with voters to recognize that his wife is the best his wife keep Americans safe and prosperous . " the former president hope you will do it . I hope you will elect her , " he said . his wife Your children and grandchildren will bless you forever if you the former president . " 
 