Washington ( CNN ) An exasperated Sean Spicer on Tuesday colorfully downplayed questions about ties between President Donald Trump ’s associates and Russia , portraying a frenzied attempt to find connections where President Donald Trump’s associates and Russia do n’t exist . " If President Donald Trump’s puts Russian salad dressing on his President Donald Trump’s tonight , somehow that ’s a Russia Russia , " the White House spokesman insisted during a contentious exchange with reporters . He the White House spokesman every official that ’s been briefed on the matter has said there ’s no sign of " collusion " between the Trump campaign and Russia Russia " At some point . .. you ’re going to have to take ’no’ for an answer , " he the White House spokesman , at one point during his the White House spokesman telling a reporter to quit shaking her head . It was the latest attempt by the White House to remove itself the White House under clouds of suspicion about links between the President and Moscow . This week , Trump ’s     Jared Kushner     also one of Trump Trump most trusted aides     offered to testify before Congress about his Trump with the leaders of a key Russian bank . Kushner Jared Kushner     just one of several Trump Trump     including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and former national security adviser Michael Flynn     who have admitted to meetings with top Russian Russian during last year ’s campaign . Through all those disclosures , the White House has insisted there ’s no evidence suggesting the Trump Trump improperly communicated with Russia . Last week , Spicer said that individuals associated with Trump Trump investigated by the FBI for potential cooperation with Russia Russia merely "   around the campaign "     including former campaign chairman Paul Manafort , who he Spicer had " a very limited role for a very limited amount of time . " Late last month , Spicer Spicer heated when responding to additional questions about ties between Trump Trump Russia Russia alleging the press was whipping up a nonexistent story . " How many people have to say that there ’s nothing there before you realize there ’s nothing there ? " Spicer Spicer . " At some point , you do have to ask yourself what are you actually looking for . How many times do you have to come to the same conclusion before you take the answer ? " 
 