A    professional at Abbott Labs spoke to Laura Ingraham ’s radio show to describe the company ’s mass layoffs . [ " Abbott Labs were notified that Abbott Labs were going to be outsourced , " the Abbott Labs    professional , who is being replaced by foreign labor and declined to be named due to fear of retribution , told Ingraham Laura Ingraham’s The employee explained that management told him The employee " Our jobs are being basically eliminated , " he The employee , without revealing his The employee . " But in reality [ we’]re actually being replaced . "   " Never really got a good explanation of what the reason was .    here and there , mostly due to " he The employee . There is growing controversy over the outsourcing of professionals’ job to foreign workers . Since October 2015 , for example , when Disney outsourced 130 jobs to an Indian company , numerous politicians have complained about the    program . Last month , Abbott Labs informed 180 of its Abbott Labs workers that they its   workers be laid off . The Abbott Labs signed a contract with Indian outsourcing firm Wipro Ltd. that will take over the employees’ jobs . According to reports , the workers its   workers their exit from its   workers company Abbott Labs 22 , are required to train their    foreign replacements its   workers do their jobs . Abbott its   workers uses the    visa program to outsource jobs to foreign workers . According to the Abbott Labs employee , with potential unemployment looming next month , he has few options Abbott " My prospects for the future are n’t very bright with the trend going on with all companies doing this , the age that I have , there ’s not that many places where I can go , " he said . It Abbott very hard to compete when it ’s not a It    in this game called globalization . There ’s no way that I can compete with somebody outside of the country   —    I could n’t even take less than minimum wage , when you look at the currencies and what the trade value is , you can obviously see why they ’re picking India the currencies The unnamed worker cited Donald Trump and Sen. Bernie Sanders as two presidential candidates who are speaking about fixing the problem . " I ’ve heard it all before . Who knows what ’s going to happen once they get into office . Are they going to do they about it or is it just for votes . I have no idea . My trust level in government right now is pretty low , " he said , noting My trust level in government he is still undecided My trust level in government Earlier this month , Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) called on Abbott Labs to reconsider the outsourcing . " It should go without saying that such harsh and insensitive conduct is not justified by whatever marginal financial benefit might accrue to your company , which is already making billions of dollars in profits every year , " he wrote in a Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) called on Abbott Labs to reconsider the outsourcing to CEO Miles D. White . " Once again , I urge you to restore the jobs of these 180 American IT employees who have served your company with skill and loyalty for many years . " OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) 
 