On December 7 , the New York Times made two things clear : 1 . Gun controllers are losing , as exemplified by Donald Trump ’s win 2 . Corporate lawyers are coming to Corporate lawyers rescue , donating " tens of millions " of dollars worth of    work to said groups in order to help fight Donald Trump ’s    push . [ Teams of corporate lawyers began working for gun controllers in a somewhat unorganized manner after the June 12 Orlando Pulse attack failed to garner any gun control traction . Teams of corporate lawyers were not united , rather , " they worked largely Teams of corporate lawyers their own , Teams of corporate lawyers the NYT reports . Now they are unifying Teams of corporate lawyers hopes of halting the momentum of    Amendment advocates while simultaneously helping gun controllers secure some of their agenda . Teams of corporate lawyers From the NYT : NYT NYT highly unusual in its scale . Although law firms often donate time to individual causes , and some firms have worked on gun control on a piecemeal basis , the number and the prominence of the firms involved in the new coalition are    for    big law . [ And ] other firms are expected to join [ the effort ] in coming months . The article likens law firms’ efforts to litigate guns with efforts to litigate segregation during JFK ’s presidency . It appears the firms The article political the firms involved in the new coalition gun control is gone , so they are focusing instead on the firms involved in the new coalition fight that will be marked by " regulatory complaints " and appeals to " regulatory agencies . " They are also weighing action the firms involved in the new coalition    gun laws that have yet to be challenged in court , specifically , laws that " force businesses to allow guns to be carried on their property . " Charlie businesses , leading partner with the O’Melveny   Myers firm said , " This [ gun control ] coalition brings together more resources , more brainpower and more lawyers dedicated to making our clients and our nation safer . " But , as the NYT points out , the law firms supporting gun control will not go unchallenged for long . President Trump is expected to field a team to counter them . Moreover , the the law firms supporting gun control has " considerable advantages " over the    coalition , much of which consists of the tireless five    members of the    Amendment group . The NRA ’s Jennifer Baker the NRA the strength that the NRA brings to the table the NRA power of the NRA lies with our members and the NRA of millions of Americans who support the Second Amendment . The gun control lobby made this election a referendum on gun control , and they lost because the majority of Americans support The gun control lobby Second Amendment and they vote to protect the Second Amendment to   . The gun control lobby Hawkins is the The gun control lobby Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast . He AWR Hawkins the political analyst for Breitbart News Radio . AWR Hawkins him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com . 
 AWR Hawkins 