Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s promise to spend $ 1 trillion on infrastructure won applause Tuesday night in President Donald Trump first joint address to Congress , but has added to growing concerns on Capitol Hill about how President Donald Trump     and lawmakers     will pay for he    and lawmakers     .   The call to spend $ 1 trillion comes on top of announced plans to increase defense spending by $ 54 billion , plans to build a border wall that could cost upward of $ 20 billion and pay billions more in tax credits as part of a health care replacement plan . "   there ’s some real challenges there . I mean , President Donald Trump ’s talking about a huge infrastructure program , huge increases for defense , other huge expenditures , all while cutting taxes . All of which I like , but you ’ve got to find a way to not blow the deficit to creation , " said Rep. Hal Rogers , the former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee and a veteran spending hawk . " It ’s a big challenge . " a health care replacement plan carries an    price tag , but Republicans played down that cost Wednesday , saying that much of it would a health care replacement plan be covered by private investment and supported by measures like    loans     a favorite tool for energy programs and transportation projects .   The infrastructure details have not been hashed out yet in large part because congressional Republicans and the White House have been focused almost exclusively on the Obamacare replacement plan     which is scheduled for a public crafting session in the House the White House .   Members of the Republican Study Committee met privately Wednesday to hash out their stances on Members of the Republican Study Committee care     " drawing lines in the sand " on tax credits and spending , according to one attendee . Meanwhile , top Republicans trekked to the White House the White House care with Trump and Vice President Mike Pence .   Conservatives worried about increasing the nation ’s $ 20 trillion debt     an issue Trump played up prominently during Trump campaign     have been voicing their concerns around the Capitol $20 trillion debt    an issue Trump played up prominently during the campaign       Any program that increases budget deficits is " something a lot of us will resist , " said Sen. Jeff Flake , an Arizona Republican . A top House Republican aide downplayed concerns over spending for all of Trump ’s priorities , saying Trump any infrastructure plan would be " fiscally conservative " and noted that some of the conservatives now opposing health care tax credits signed onto 2015 legislation that included tax credits .   Until health care is dealt with , many Republicans say infrastructure will have to wait . Democrats tried to force the issue last month with the introduction of legislation that called for $ 1 trillion in government spending for infrastructure     but their measure has been on Democrats back burner .   " I think at the end of the day offsetting increased spending is going to be a priority and we ’re not going to be able to cheat at all , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , said Wednesday .   To get there , Trump ’s budget director , the    Mick Mulvaney , has proposed deep cuts to agencies including the Environmental Protection Agency and the State Department     the cuts to the latter prompted Graham to declare Trump ’s budget " DOA Trump’s he guts State ’s budget . Graham Wednesday if Trump could find Wednesday budget cuts Trump’s the government to cover the increased spending he wants , Graham simply said Graham " No Graham " Republican leaders said that they are hopeful that Trump ’s Republican leaders will alleviate some Trump’s concerns through a booming economy     something they estimate could pull trillions of dollars Republican leaders government coffers . " Growth in the economy is ultimately the way a a booming economy     this changes , " said Sen. John Thune , the    Republican in the Senate . " If you take a 1 % change in the GDP , that generates about a $     difference in federal tax revenue , or $ 3 trillion over a decade . So I think that the president , his policies are going to lead to regrowth the president and I hope if we can get these policies enacted , he ’ll be right his policies . " the president 