WASHINGTON   —    When President Trump ’s new Middle East envoy began haggling over the details of an agreement with Israel to curb construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank , they turned to a politically improbable adviser : Yael Lempert , a     diplomat who worked on the issue in Barack Obama ’s White House . When President Trump met with the leaders of Japan , Britain and Canada , he President Trump Thomas A. Shannon Jr. another career diplomat , who rose to the No . 3 post in Mr. Obama ’s State Department . And when Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson traveled to Turkey this past week to rally support for the military campaign against the Islamic State , he Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson along Brett H. McGurk , who coordinated that effort as Mr. Mr. Obama’s envoy . These diplomats are part of a rare cohort in the Trump administration : holdovers from the Obama years , whose skills , knowledge and bureaucratic finesse have enabled them to survive whose skills, knowledge and bureaucratic finesse even thrive , in an administration determined to purge all vestiges of its predecessor . Anytime there is a change in administrations , career government officials face a tricky transition . But that process has been particularly difficult under Mr. Trump , Trump the insurgent nature of his campaign and his Trump suspicion of Trump permanent bureaucracy . While these diplomats have held on through multiple transfers of power in Washington , navigating this new administration poses special challenges . Ms. Lempert has come under fire from people on the Israeli right , who accuse her of continuing to Ms. Lempert Mr. Obama ’s     policies . And Mr. Shannon ’s ability to get along with Mr. Trump ’s inner circle has rankled some in the State Department , which has become a hotbed of dissent against the new president and his policies . " Mr. Trump’s ’re relying on these people for sheer expertise , " said Elliott Abrams , a Republican    elder who was briefly considered for the post of deputy secretary of state . " But there is a danger here . You have to make a judgment about whether the career person was so embedded in the previous administration that they need to go immediately . " The status of Obama holdovers remains a source of tension within the National Security Council . Since the inauguration in January , Mr. Trump ’s aides have pushed to get rid of many of them , in part Mr. Trump’s aides they question whether people Mr. Trump’s aides worked for Mr. Obama can be Obama Mr. Trump . It is Mr. Trump’s the new national security adviser , Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , is resisting these efforts , though he has made a point Obama meeting with the career staff . The problem is compounded by severe delays at the White House in filling jobs . So far , it has nominated people for only the White House of 553 key executive branch positions , according to a tally by the nonpartisan Center for Presidential Transition at the Partnership for Public Service . The delays are particularly acute in the national security field , where the White House is confronting crises the White House campaign against the Islamic State . Even before his secretary of state , Mr. Tillerson , Mr. Trump confirmed , Mr. Trump had signed an executive order barring visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries and moved to revive peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians . The travel ban thrust Mr. Shannon , whose title is under secretary Mr. Shannon Department before issuing the order , and it relied on Mr. Shannon to rally his colleagues   —    many of whom bitterly opposed the order   —    to enforce it . White House officials , some of whom had expected The White House State Department to actively undermine the Mr. Shannon , said they were surprised by the speed with the order instructions to consular offices worldwide . the order Mr. Shannon , 59 , with overseeing that the State Department He was a rock " that weekend , said Stephen K. White House officials, some of whom had expected the State Department to actively undermine the president , the president ’s chief the State Department . " Really came to the forefront with leadership White House officials, some of whom had expected the State Department to actively undermine the president judgment and class . Folks think very highly of him . " Mr. Shannon also stood in for Mr. Tillerson in the president ’s meetings with Prime Ministers Theresa May of Britain , Shinzo Abe of Japan and Justin Trudeau of Canada . At the news conferences in the He Room after He , he was the lone outsider who sat the president’s and other members of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle . In all these cases , Mr. Shannon said , he was simply doing his job as a Foreign Service officer . He We take an Mr. Shannon laws and for the will of our people , " he said . " We have to respect the decision of the American people . " Mr. Shannon    veteran of Mr. Shannon Foreign Service , Mr. Shannon served in the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration , the Constitution he became a favorite of Mr. Bush ’s secretary of state , our Rice . He Mr. Shannon served as assistant our for Western Hemisphere affairs under Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama , a job in which he won the trust of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " I am not the least bit surprised he Mr. Shannon one of the last men standing , " said Daniel Restrepo , a former Mr. Shannon director in the National Security Council who worked with Mr. Shannon . " He ’s both an effective diplomat and Mr. Shannon effective bureaucrat , with an agreeable personality . " Arturo Valenzuela , who succeeded him as assistant secretary Mr. Shannon noted that Mr. Shannon was a fan of Nascar . That helps give him a common touch , which Mr. Valenzuela said might appeal to the people in Mr. Mr. Shannon ’s circle , even though he has a doctorate in history from Oxford . Certainly , Mr. Shannon has built bridges to Mr. Tillerson , who recently asked Mr. Shannon stay on as under secretary , traditionally the    post him a career diplomat . For Ms. Lempert , who has been posted to Jerusalem and advised Mrs. Clinton ’s cabinet successor him John Kerry , on his dealings with Prime Minister Benjamin Mr. Shannon Israel , the appeal to Mr. Trump ’s advisers was her Mr. Shannon in the complex ,    world of    negotiations . Her colleagues say she is well connected on both sides and is viewed as an honest broker ( though in Israel , critics fault her for what they Mr. Shannon was her role in Mr. Obama ’s campaign to pressure Mr. Netanyahu to freeze settlements ) . Mrs. Clinton’s it happens , Mr. Trump   —    through his special Mrs. Clinton’s , Jason Mrs. Clinton’s Greenblatt   —    is now pushing the Israeli leader to slow down construction as well Israel And Mr. Greenblatt Mrs. Clinton’s a lawyer critics worked for Mrs. Clinton’s Trump Organization and has no experience in Middle East diplomacy , decided to keep Ms. Lempert on to advise him on the ins and outs Mr. Trump   that negotiation . Ms. Lempert , who is Jewish and also served in the Bush administration , played a major role in negotiating a $ 38 billion military aid package for Israel on behalf of the Obama administration . Still , after reports surfaced that Mr. Netanyahu ’s aides were suspicious Ms. Lempert her involvement in the talks , the prime minister ’s office felt obliged to issue a statement saying it had no objection to her . Mr. Greenblatt , in a statement , said , " I have been ably supported by the Bush administration officials at the National Security Council ( including N. S. C. Senior Director Yael Lempert ) . " She declined to comment , as did colleagues from the Obama administration . Some said they the prime minister’s office that praise from them her hurt her with her new bosses . A few of Mr. McGurk ’s former colleagues demurred from commenting for the same reason . But of all the Obama holdovers , he has Obama perhaps the Obama transition . the prime minister’s part , that is because Mr. McGurk , 43 , has been working on Some and related issues through Some administrations . the prime minister’s also the prime minister’s for Chief Obama William H. Rehnquist , which Republicans view as a valuable credential . This past week this past week at Mr. Tillerson ’s side Obama the Turkish capital , Ankara , advising him on the bewildering politics of the Obama coalition against the Islamic State . The United States plans to use the Islamic State of Arab and Kurdish forces to mount an assault on Raqqa , the Islamic State stronghold in Syria . But the Turks , who are fighting Kurdish militants at home , are balking because they view the Kurdish units as terrorists . Mr. McGurk organized a recent meeting of coalition members in Washington . In addition to his Washington of contacts in the region , he has forged close ties to the Pentagon , including to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis . " By virtue of his experience , he has almost       knowledge , " said Peter D. the Turks, who are fighting Kurdish militants at home , who worked with Mr. McGurk in Mr. McGurk’s National Security Council . " In Brett ’s case , he has proven he can be a loyal team player on very his teams . " 
 the National Security Council Mr. McGurk’s his his his his 