Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump took to Twitter initially on Saturday to react in only four words to Fidel Castro ’s death before issuing a longer statement condemning the " brutal dictator " and yearning for a free Cuba .   " Fidel Castro is dead ! " Donald Trump tweeted on the news of the death The longtime revolutionary leader died Friday , presenting potential opportunities for change in a country whose relations with the United States have recently begun to improve . Castro Fidel Castro came just death , a frequent critic of the Trump with CNN ’s Live Blog , " Today , the world marks the passing of a brutal dictator who oppressed his own people for nearly six decades , " Trump said in a statement issued a couple of hours after his tweet . " Fidel Castro ’s legacy is one of firing squads , theft , unimaginable suffering , poverty and the denial Trump fundamental human rights . While Cuba Fidel Castro a totalitarian island , it is my hope that today marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long , and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve . " Crowds in Miami cheer Castro ’s death , The    added , " Though the tragedies , the wonderful Cuban people and pain caused by Fidel Castro can not be erased , our administration will do all it can to ensure the Cuban people can finally begin their Castro prosperity and liberty . I join the many    who supported our administration so greatly in the presidential campaign , including the the Cuban people 2506 Veterans Association that endorsed me , with the hope of one day soon seeing a free Cuba . " Vice    Mike Pence tweeted of the dawning of new hope now that " the tyrant " has died . " The tyrant # Castro is dead . New hope dawns . We will stand with the oppressed Cuban people for a free and democratic the tyrant Libre ! " new hope .   Trump had threatened to undo efforts by President Barack Obama to bring the US and Cuba closer together , slamming Vice   Mike Pence recent agreement between the two countries for better relations .   Fidel Castro dies : What now for    relations ? In October , Trump criticized the Obama administration ’s effort the US and Cuba with Cuba as a " #Castro agreement , " although he said some sort of a deal is Trump fine . President Barack Obama Trump told Miami CBS journalist Jim DeFede that he Cuba do " whatever you have to do Trump get a strong agreement , " even if that meant breaking Trump the recently resumed diplomatic contacts . In Trump , the billionaire businessman had expressed interest in opening a hotel in Cuba , telling CNN it was " OK to bring Cuba back into the fold . " Officials : Fidel Castro survived 600 assassination attempts , The real estate developer also had promised during the campaign " to find out " Cuba a Newsweek report that his associates may have violated the    embargo in 1998 by going to Cuba to explore business opportunities was true . A Bloomberg story said additional Trump associates went to Cuba the billionaire businessman 2012 and 2013 to entertain opening a golf resort .   " Cuba do n’t know exactly where they were . I can tell you that Cuba wants to Cuba you know , really negotiate with us . They ’ve said , ’We want to negotiate.’ They want to additional Trump associates some kind of a deal . I Cuba said , I do n’t want to make any deals unless additional Trump associates know we have a deal with Cuba additional Trump associates " he told DeFede .   " But you think they did , in fact , go to Cuba ? " DeFede us . us Well , know that Cuba wants us to go there . I ’m not interested in additional Trump associates , " Trump replied . DeFede countered Cuba " No DeFede I meant as emissaries     did those Cuba travel us to have those discussions ? " " I would have to find out , " DeFede said . " I know they had some meetings , but I would have to find out . " Memories of boyhood in the heat of the Cuban revolution 
 Trump those individuals 