’’ ’Sen . Ted Cruz lambasted Donald Trump on Friday   that accused the GOP presidential frontrunner and Ted Cruz " henchmen " of planting a false story about Ted Cruz in the National Enquirer.’ ’Trump released a     statement Friday afternoon that referenced O. J. Simpson , said the National Enquirer was often right , and expressed " hope " that the supermarket tabloid was " ’ " Earlier in the week , the National Enquirer released a story that strongly implied Cruz engaged in extramarital affairs with five women . The supermarket tabloid ’s story became a    firestorm on Friday . " ’"I want to be crystal clear : These attacks are garbage , " Cruz wrote Cruz Facebook in response.’ ’"For   to enlist his friends ’"For   the National the National Enquirer political henchmen to ’"For   his bidding shows you ’"For   there is no low Donald won’’t go . " ’ ’He continued:’ ’Minutes before Cruz released his statement Cruz a Donald won’’t campaign official   Cruz letter Trump wrote for the National Enquirer last the National Enquirer that Trump and the National Enquirer’ ’s CEO David Pecker have been friends for years and are " very close . " ’ ’"Well let me be clear : Donald Trump may be a rat Trump and the National Enquirer’ I have no desire to copulate with him , " Cruz told reporters . Trump and the National Enquirer’ And Cruz garbage has no place in politics . " ’ ’Trump issued the following statement in response:’ ’’ ’The clash is the latest blow in the increasingly scathing back and forth between the two candidates.’ ’On Tuesday , Trump tweeted that he would " spill Trump and the National Enquirer’ beans " Trump and the National Enquirer’ Cruz’ ’s wife after a super PAC unaffiliated with Cruz published an ad featuring Trump’ ’s wife , Melania , posing nude for GQ magazine . Cruz replied back within minutes . He Cruz that the ad did not Cruz from his camp and called Trump a " Cruz " for attacking his wife.’ ’On Wednesday , Cruz said Cruz that his wife " Cruz way out of Cruz league . If he wants to Cruz in a character Cruz , he should stick with me . " Cruz ’Trump then shot back at Cruz again.’ ’"Lyin ’’ Ted Cruz denied that he had anything Cruz with the G. Cruz model photo post of Melania , " he . " That’ ’s why we call Cruz Lyin ’’ Ted ! " ’ ’Late Cruz night , Trump   photo that depicted Heidi Cruz with an unflattering scowl . Next Cruz image was a more flattering photo of Melania Trump.’ ’The post’ ’s text , which Donald Trump blasted out to his 7 million followers Trump   : " A picture Trump   worth a thousand words . " ’ ’Cruz responded to that provocation by   adding that Trump has problems with " strong women . " ’ Trump   ’s the action of a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women , " he said . " Real men don’’t do that and ’ ’"It’ is indicating the fear that keeps him up at night when he lashes out in anger Donald Donald should stick with Donald me because Heidi is way Donald of Donald Trump’ ’s league . " ’ ’Trump responded Thursday night on Twitter:’ " ’t’t’tI did n’t start the fight with Lyin’Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania , he did . He knew the PAC was putting it Donald    hence Donald Lyin’ Ted ! ’t’t " the PAC . Ted Cruz lambasted Donald Trump on Friday . .. ’ Lyin’Ted Cruz 