MARRERO , Louisiana   —    A Louisiana official is now under investigation after authorities seized a private voting machine in A Louisiana official office . [ Jefferson Parish Registrar of Voters Dennis DiMarco is being investigated for having a private voting machine in A Louisiana official office , which A Louisiana official said was purely for the convenience of important individuals who did not have time to wait in early voting lines .   " It ’s really a convenience for those whose time is , for lack of a better word , maybe more valuable than others , " Dennis DiMarco told   . " This was not a way of allowing a fraudulent vote or anything like that , " Dennis DiMarco continued . " It was merely a convenience for people that we feel and the law allows the privilege to go to the head of the line . " The voting machine , which has since been seized by the Louisiana Secretary of State ’s office , was reportedly located in Dennis DiMarco private conference room at his the Louisiana Secretary of State’s office    local attorney Robert Evans actually admitted that he had local attorney Robert Evans used the The voting machine, which has since been seized by the Louisiana Secretary of State’s office vote in the 2016 presidential election and found it troubling The voting machine, which has since been seized by the Louisiana Secretary of State’s office therefore reported to the Secretary the Louisiana Secretary of State’s the Louisiana Secretary of State’s office keeps two actual machines to himself , local attorney Robert Evans to his office local attorney Robert Evans so they escorted me to local attorney Robert Evans secret room , local attorney Robert Evans his office , two actual machines there are two machines that are not available to local attorney Robert Evans public , " Evans told   . " That causes great concern , " Evans continued . " How he uses these machines when the court ’s Evans and the people are local attorney Robert Evans around two actual machines Tom Schedler , the Louisiana Secretary of State , sent a letter to DiMarco Schedler complaint about the issue . " Action is necessary to preserve the integrity of early voting and to DiMarco confidence within the general public regarding the voting process , " Schedler said in the letter to DiMarco upon seizing the voting machine , along with the list of signatures of individuals who had voted a letter insists the DiMarco voting machine the voting machine a big issue " because his office has handed the machine over to the Secretary the voting machine State ’s office the voting machine voting in the heavily    Trump DiMarco has shattered previous records , with early votes the voting machine 67 percent just within the first three days , as Breitbart Texas reported . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas John Binder 