’   ’ ’    Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke will not join the    Department of Homeland Security as an assistant secretary , Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke    adviser Craig Peterson told   on Saturday . ’ ’    " Late Friday , Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke Jr. formally    notified Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly that formally   notified Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly had    rescinded formally   notified Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly acceptance of the agency’ ’s offer to join DHS as an    assistant secretary , " formally   notified Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly said . ’ ’    " Sheriff Clarke is 100 percent committed to the success of    President Trump and believes President Trump skills could be better utilized    to promote the president’ ’s agenda in a more aggressive role . " ’ ’    Sheriff Clarke previously said Sheriff Clarke would start the DHS job in June . ’ "    The news comes just weeks after Sheriff Clarke was embroiled in a     controversy , after CNN ’s KFile reported that Sheriff Clarke    had failed to properly cite sources in at least 47 parts of Sheriff Clarke    master ’s thesis . " ’’ ’    Sheriff Clarke has also faced longtime criticism over the conditions at    the Milwaukee County Jail , which Sheriff Clarke oversees . Since April 2016 ,    one newborn baby and three inmates have died at   the Milwaukee County Jail, which he oversees , and       have alleged that   was caused by dehydration after jail staff    cut off water access to Sheriff Clarke cell . ’ ’    Clarke’ ’s job offer at the DHS was never publicly announced by the    Trump administration , but Clarke had announced on a   in May that he Clarke the post . He Clarke told WISN host Vicki McKenna he Clarke work as a " liaison with the    state , local , and tribal law enforcement " in the Office of    Partnership and Engagement . ’ ’    Soon after Clarke’ ’s announcement , dozens of   Homeland Security Secretary John    Kelly to reject the appointment , citing concerns over the    Milwaukee County Jail deaths as well as Clark’ ’s previous    criticisms of the Black Lives Matter movement , which he dozens of  Homeland Security Secretary John   Kelly    called a " hateful ideology . " ’ ’    Clarke , who has been a prominent Trump surrogate since the early    days of his presidential campaign , met with President Trump in    Wisconsin on Tuesday to discuss other potential roles he his    fill , the Post reported . ’ ’    " The sheriff is reviewing options inside and outside the    government , " Peterson said . ’ ’    " Sheriff Clarke told Secretary Kelly he Sheriff Clarke very appreciative       the tremendous opportunity the secretary was offering , and       his the secretary for the secretary and the agency . " ’ Sheriff Clarke not . .. Sheriff Clarke ’’ ’’ 
 