Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign is disavowing support from a prominent white nationalist , David Duke , who is once again causing problems for the Republican nominee by claiming that Donald Trump’s is a kindred spirit . Duke is running for Senate in Louisiana , and Duke has recorded an automated call pitching both Duke and Donald Trump’s ’s campaigns as a way to halt increases in immigration and cure what Duke calls racial aggression . " It ’s time to stand up and vote for Donald Trump’s for president and vote for me , David Duke the US Senate , " Duke says Duke the call , which was first reported Monday by BuzzFeed . Trump , who has been slow to distance himself from Duke former Ku Klux Klan leader in the past , issued a statement later Monday doing just that . " Mr. Donald Trump’s continued to denounce David Duke and Duke or individual associated with a message of hate , " Trump ’s campaign said in a statement . " There is no place for this in the Republican Party or our country . We have no knowledge of these calls or any related activities , but strongly condemn and disavow . " In an interview with CNN , Duke said he was purely voicing Duke opinion about Trump Duke campaign and that the Republican nominee had no influence over what Duke chose to say Duke " A candidate has no control over other people ’s opinions and support , " said Duke . " We Duke vote for Donald Trump . " Trump’s has used Trump ’s ties to white Trump’s Duke to paint Trump Duke racially divisive and ideologically Trump’s with his most controversial supporters . Yet Trump’s ’s campaign has also caught Hillary Clinton extending their argument too far , with her Clinton’s campaign presidential nominee , Tim Kaine Hillary Clinton last week saying that Trump was " pushing " the Trump’s ’s and Duke ’s " values . " Other Democrats were quick to jump Monday on the latest reminder of Trump ’s ties to this movement Trump’s Will you stand with us ? " read a fundraising email from the Louisiana Democratic Party on Monday evening . " Will you do what you can to help us fund the fight against David Duke and us Trump ? " 
 