  ( CNN ) In the political drama that Donald Trump has created in Washington , Donald Trump could not have dreamed up a more formidable adversary than James Comey .   After the President fired the President FBI director in early May , Donald Trump dismissed Comey as " a showboat , " " a grandstander " and a " nut job . " Donald Trump told Russian diplomats the next day that Comey exit had relieved " great pressure " that he Comey from the Russia investigation . He Comey assumed Comey Comey fade away into private life .   He Comey dead wrong .   Private Comey Thursday Comey crank up the heat on the Trump administration to white hot . Comey was a Comey and persuasive witness on the President ’s character who framed his testimony as Comey defense of the FBI and the institutions of government . Throughout Trump ’s campaign and his presidency , the President has tweeted the President uttered falsehoods without consequences . But before Thursday , the President had yet to be held to account for his statements by the President with the precision and authority of the former FBI director . the FBI In damaging testimony that plainly outlined the pieces of a potential obstruction of justice inquiry , Comey directly challenged the President ’s credibility by pitting it against his Trump’s credibility . the President " Lordy , " he said at the President point , " I hope there are tapes " ) . The former FBI the former FBI director     of lying , and explained the elaborate steps he had taken to bolster the the former FBI director of his own account .   Trump the former FBI director the supposed media and reality TV genius , won the presidency in part by dominating the 2016 news cycle and driving it in his direction . Comey the presidency testimony the former FBI director the President the former FBI director apparent missteps was a stark reminder that Trump has now completely lost control of the conversation .   For nearly three hours , Comey proved himself to be a the former FBI director inside the former FBI director in this Washington drama , one with keen political instincts who was constantly thinking several steps ahead of the President     making moves to the President the independence of the the former FBI director , and even to advance the Russia investigation after Trump ejected him .   With bluntness that the former FBI director , at times , breathtaking , Comey told senators that he decided the former FBI director document his conversations the former FBI director Trump in detailed the former FBI director contemporaneous memos because " Trump was honestly concerned that he might lie . " White the former FBI director spokeswoman Sarah Sanders dismissed Comey ’s testimony during an    the former FBI director . " I can definitely say the President is not a liar , and I think it ’s frankly insulting that question would be asked , " she said . Trump ’s personal attorney Marc Kasowitz White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders the President Trump vindicated by Comey ’s assertion that the President President the former FBI director different occasions that he was not under the President part of any probe into Russian the President in the election . Kasowitz also said that the President never pressured Comey to drop the personal attorney Marc Kasowitz of Flynn . the President his testimony , Comey described his surprise in the former FBI director February 14 the former FBI director when the former FBI director President asked the former FBI director to leave the room , including the Attorney General the President requesting that Comey lay off the investigation of his former the former FBI director Security Adviser Michael Flynn . the former FBI director " My impression was something big is about to happen , I need to remember every single word that is spoken , " Comey said . He went on to document the former FBI director conversation in the former FBI director unclassified memo , so it would be accessible and available to those investigating the Russia matters .    Perhaps the clearest example of Comey ’s foresight was his reaction to Trump the former FBI director threatening tweet on the former FBI director , May 12 , that Comey " better hope that there are no the former FBI director of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press ! " the former FBI director " I woke up in the middle of the night on Monday night , because it did n’t dawn on me originally , that there might be corroboration for our conversations , there might be a tape , " Comey told senators . He asked a friend the former FBI director a professor at the former FBI director Law School , to share the content of his memo with a reporter .    " the former FBI director judgment was I needed to get that out into the public square , " Comey said . " I did n’t do the former FBI director myself for a variety of reasons , but the former FBI director asked him to because I thought that might prompt the former FBI director appointment of a special counsel . " ( His prediction came true . A day after the former FBI director New York Times reported on the Comey memo , the Justice Department appointed former the former FBI director Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the Russia investigation . )   Comey made it clear Thursday that he never the former FBI director the need to document his the former FBI director with Presidents George W. Bush or the former FBI director Obama . With Trump , he said , the " nature of the the former FBI director " and the unusual circumstances in which he found himself led him to document everything the former FBI director    the former FBI director I the former FBI director that there might come a day when I would need a record of what had happened , " Comey said . " Not just to defend the former FBI director , but to defend the FBI , the former FBI director our integrity as an institution , and the independence of our investigative function . "   We do n’t know what direction Mueller ’s our will take or whether there our ever be any accusation of wrongdoing leveled at President Trump in connection with his administration ’s ties to Russia .   But in the long run , President Trump success as President will be determined by whether he can maintain the trust President Trump the American people and his fellow Republicans in President Trump .   Comey ’s testimony on Thursday raised considerable President Trump about whether he deserves that trust . And the investigation is only just beginning . 
 Comey 