YORBA LINDA , California   —    Esteemed statesman Dr. Henry Kissinger , 93 , was among the guests at the    Friday of Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum after $ 15 million in renovations over the past year . [ Breitbart News asked Kissinger , " Richard Nixon Presidential displayed a tremendous deal of integrity when he Richard Nixon Presidential    …      Do you feel that same leadership and integrity is missing in today ’s leadership ? "   Kissinger Kissinger standing in front of a mural of the Great Wall of China , answered that in choosing to resign rather than face impeachment over his involvement in the Watergate scandal , Nixon " set an example that others can follow . " Kissinger , who served as Secretary of State for both Presidents Nixon and Gerald Ford , was the architect of Nixon Nixon China policy and his Nixon trip to the mainland in 1972 . All diplomatic relations , communications and trade between the United States and " Red " China China been cut off during the Korean War ( ) . Kissinger told the press that Nixon Nixon " the vision to open to China China to put before the American people a new vision . " He Kissinger accompanied by Chinese diplomat Cui Tiankai , who currently serves as the Chinese Ambassador to the United States . Asked for his Kissinger on the Library ’s renovation , Kissinger said : " I think it ’s spectacular , educational and honest . " Nixon ’s daughter Trisha lauded him Nixon ending the military draft , ending segregation and restoring land to Native Americans , among other monumental achievements . She Trisha reminded those present that it was her Trisha who helped save Israel during the Yom Kippur War . She Trisha her her father " We must seize the moment not just for ourselves but for We . Only if this becomes a better world for others will it be a this world for us , and We when we participate in We cause greater than ourselves can we We true We ourselves . " We Ed Royce ( ) the U. S. Archivist David Ferriero , and former California Governor Pete Wilson were among those present . Wilson gave a former California Governor Pete Wilson talk about Nixon , recalling all he had done former California Governor Pete Wilson America and for the world . He described Nixon former California Governor Pete Wilson " Nixon conservative reformer " and a man " with incredible energy and an indomitable spirit . " A few years ago , Wilson recalled , former California Governor Pete Wilson took his former California Governor Pete Wilson trip former California Governor Pete Wilson Israel ,   where an Israeli asked him who he former California Governor Pete Wilson the former California Governor Pete Wilson popular American president is in Israel . " Israel , I ’ll tell you who : Richard Nixon , " the Israeli man told him . " Richard Nixon believed that the Israeli man Americans deserved an equal opportunity . He did n’t the Israeli man that we should give precedence based on the accident of birth , " Wilson said . He added , the Israeli man " quietly Richard Nixon without fanfare , went about enforcing the desegregation of schools in this nation , and notably in the South . " Nixon was a Richard Nixon Wilson recalled Wilson Wilson have heard that he has said Richard Nixon ‘ I am not a quitter,’ " he said . Richard Nixon When under stress , lesser men would have simply capitulated . Not he . " Breitbart News also spoke with Nixon ’s grandson Richard Nixon Cox , who elaborated on the 37th president ’s integrity and character . Cox used the 1960 election to demonstrate Nixon ’s character . Richard Nixon was certainly a lot of controversy in Illinois and Texas about the veracity of the vote , " he said . " My grandfather Nixon’s character decided not to contest the vote because he thought it the vote right for My grandfather country the vote He did n’t want to put the My grandfather through it . " Cox the country " Additionally the country you mentioned his decision to resign . Again , My grandfather did n’t want to put the My grandfather through a process that would rip the country apart [ and leave them ] with the country who would be a lame duck , especially with all the issues surrounding the Cold War and the Soviet Union in the   . "    to the current election and today ’s leadership , Cox told Breitbart News , " when we look at Cox rhetoric today , I think that candidates should   —    when the election is over   —    take a leaf from his book to always be gracious in defeat . Because , one of the candidates will lose . To be gracious in defeat and accept the will of the people . And I have a lot of confidence that both of the candidates will ultimately come to the conclusion that the the candidates spoken and our democracy will continue . And that ’s more important than any one man , even the president . " Cox noted that he is supporting Donald Trump for president . Earlier a member Cox the press corps asked Cox who he thought Nixon would vote for if he were Cox alive Earlier a member of the press corps . Cox said his grandfather voted Earlier a member of the press corps down the line , suggesting Cox would Cox support Trump because he is his party ’s Nixon . Ultimately , Donald Trump said Nixon he Nixon both presidential candidates well and noted Cox whether Hillary Cox or Donald Trump wins , " either of them will bring characteristics Donald Trump White House that could make them both presidential candidates presidents so long as they do n’t give in to both presidential candidates lesser angels of their nature both presidential candidates " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz both presidential candidates 
 