’   ’ "    US Sen. John McCain said on Sunday that House Intelligence    Committee Chairman Devin Nunes destroyed the House ’s bipartisan    investigation into Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election . " ’    In an interview with Martha Raddatz on ABC’ ’s " This Week , " McCain    said that while McCain    was " happy to see " the Senate Intelligence    Committee leadership working in a bipartisan fashion , Nunes ’’    covert acceptance of documents from White House officials gave    the impression that McCain    was uninterested in a fair investigation    into any connections between Trump campaign officials and    Russia .   ’ ’    " The fact is that these committees , especially intelligence    committees and Armed Services committees , we work closely    together as Republicans and Democrats , " McCain said . " We have to .    It’ ’s for the good of the security of the nation and the men and    women who serve us . "     It’ continued : " This is obviously a schism between Republican and    Democrats , let alone that bizarre fashion with which all of this    happened . If we’’re really going to get to the bottom of these    things , it’ ’s got to be done in a bipartisan fashion . And as far    as I could tell , Congressman Nunes killed that . " ’ "    McCain previously expressed bewilderment earlier this week at    Nunes’ acceptance of information from several White House    sources , as well as Congressman Nunes subsequent decision to brief the    president on the information before sharing the information with members    of the House Intelligence Committee . " ’    " I think there needs to be a lot of explaining to do , " McCain     " I ’ve been around for quite a    while , and I ’ve never heard of any such thing . Obviously , on a    committee like an intelligence committee , you ’ve got to have    bipartisanship , otherwise a   committee like an intelligence committee loses credibility . And    there ’s so much out there that needs to be explained by the Nunes " ’ ’’ ’    Nunes drew criticism from Democrats and even a few Republicans    after reports suggested he gained access Nunes classified    intelligence documents from two White House officials . The    documents classified   intelligence documents , Nunes that members of Trump transition    team may have incidentally had communications    intercepted by the intelligence community . Nunes then briefed the    president about the documents before sharing the classified   intelligence documents    them with the House Intelligence Committee classified   intelligence documents a decision Nunes    subsequently said he regretted . ’ ’    a decision Nunes    his part , the chairman has a decision Nunes    that    a decision Nunes    with the White House over a decision Nunes    release    of documents . ’ ’US Sen.    McCain said on Sunday that . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 