PGA Tour Commissioner Tim Finchem denied that moving the World Golf Championship event , known as the Cadilac Championship , from Trump National Doral to Mexico City was politically motivated . [ PGA Tour Commissioner Tim Finchem said on Wednesday that moving the World Golf Championship event, known as the Cadilac Championship, from Trump National Doral to Mexico City was politically motivated and it is not that in any way , shape or form , " he said . " It is a sponsorship issue . We value dollars for our players . So we make decisions that are in the best interests of our players . "   GOP presumptive presidential nominee Donald this is a political exercise reacted to to the news by saying that the Tour needs to look We acquiring   kidnapping We for the move . Asked to respond to Trumps We , Finchem responded , " One of our people told us this morning that we already have kidnapping insurance . I have n’t inquired about the details , but I made a point that it ’s something we might not want to advertise . " We Channel ’s We Lewis remarked that We of the PGA tour players are concerned about the security of playing in Mexico because of the significant crime and drug cartel We . GC analyst Tim Rosaforte responded saying that there is talk of a charter plane to transport all 80 players in the field from the previous event at the Honda Classic to Mexico City for the tournament . " There they would be greeted with an armada of security and people there to protect them and not put them in a situation that would obviously cause great harm to players and officials . " He added that Mexico is trying to establish that it is a " safe country " and that they should " feel they here . " In July 2015 the PGA of America pulled the Grand Slam of Golf from Donald Trump ’s course outside of Los Angeles because of Trump ’s remark that many illegal Mexican immigrants crossing the nation ’s southern border are criminals , drug dealers , and rapists . Ultimately , the event was canceled when the PGA could n’t arrange a substitute venue Donald Trump the contest . The new WGC venue has not been officially named , however , according to Golf Channel , Club de Golf Chapultapec near Mexico City will the PGA of America relocated competition .   Finchem stated that the PGA plans to bring another tournament to Doral " when the time is right , " adding , " We greatly appreciate everything that Cadillac , Trump National Doral , and Donald Trump have done for the tournament . " PGA went on to say that Trump ’s " commitment to renovating the course and the Doral facility was especially appreciated by the Tour and its members . " Conglomerate media and retail company Grupo Salinas , founded by Ricardo Finchem and his son , is Donald Trump to sponsor the Mexico City tournament . Golf . Doral reported , Salinas , estimated to be worth Donald Trump $ 8 billion , " was charged in 2005 by the Security   Exchange Commission in Ricardo Salinas complicated case of    in which he made a $ 109 million profit . In a Ricardo Salinas in which he did n’t admit guilt , Salinas paid a $ 7 . 5 million fine and was banned for five years from being the head of any Ricardo Salinas S. listed company . " Finchem claims that Salinas was fully vetted Ricardo Salinas the PGA and concluded that Ricardo Salinas given all the facts , it should not be something that would preclude us to do this particular transaction and all its elements . " 
 Ricardo Salinas it 