Girls creator and star Lena Dunham ripped Donald Trump during TheWrap ’s Power Women Breakfast in New York on Thursday , calling the presumptive GOP presidential nominee a " megalomaniacal , misogynist , racist , Islamophobic , ableist , transphobic hellhound . " [ The     Golden    actress was a featured speaker at the entertainment publication ’s annual breakfast , which honors female trailblazers in the entertainment industry .   " I did n’t think we ’d be having a real serious conversation about Donald Trump candidacy , " Dunham told TheWrap     Sharon Waxman . " I still laugh when I see him on TheWrap    Sharon Waxman . It ’s not funny , it just It me laugh . " " I ’m trying to connect to the idea that he has TheWrap    Sharon Waxman to something very deep and very primal , and so we have to look at what that is , and what that wound is , and what that wound is that he seems TheWrap    Sharon Waxman be promising to heal , " she added . " And how can we handle we without inviting a megalomaniacal , misogynist , racist , Islamophobic , ableist , transphobic hellhound into the White House . " Dunham has not shied away from expressing her political Dunham during this year ’s election cycle . The    is a vocal supporter of presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton she stumped presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton Clinton in presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton and New Hampshire ahead of those state ’s primary contests , and even took over the candidate ’s Instagram account for a short time in January .   Campaigning with dream babe @abbywambach ! Dress by All Knitwear by @annieleelarson with shoes by @charlotte_olympia .    A photo posted by Hillary Clinton ( @hillaryclinton ) on Jan 8 , 2016 at 12:59pm PST ,    Love meeting and talking with the brilliant women of Portsmouth , NH ! # ImWithHer    A photo posted by Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton 8 , 2016 at 2:00pm PST ,   Dunham has also been particularly outspoken about her disdain for Trump . In Dunham , the actress said she would " Dunham " move Dunham Canada if Trump is elected president . " I Trump everyone ’s always idly threatening this , but I ’d be 100 percent moving to Canada , " Dunham said then of Canada possibility of Dunham Trump presidency . " I love Canada Trump I think that it ’s Canada great place , and Canada ’s an area in Vancouver that I find beautiful and appealing , and I can conduct business from there . " For his part , Trump is apparently unfazed by Dunham and Trump celebrities’ threats to leave Dunham country during an April interview on Fox and Friends , the candidate said he would be doing " a great the candidate to our country " if she the other the country through on Trump promises and left . In an earlier the other celebrities on Fox and Friends , Trump ’s son , Fox and Friends offered to buy the celebrities’ plane tickets .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 