’Republican presidential candidate and Ohio Gov. John Kasich ( R ) performed better than expected in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday.’ ’With about    of precincts reporting , Kasich is standing in second place behind declared primary winner Donald Trump . Kasich had about 15 % of the vote.’ ’Fox News , NBC , and ABC have all projected that Kasich will finish in second.’ ’The Ohio governor   —    a moderate outsider who has been competing with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ( R ) US Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ( R ) for one of the    finishes   —    placed eighth in the Iowa caucuses with 1 . 9 % of the vote . But US Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) for one of the   finishes  —    campaign invested significant resources in New Hampshire.’ ’’ ’And Kasich campaigned hard in the Granite State . Kasich made the most appearances in the Granite State out of any Republican candidate , The New York Times   this week.’ " It ’s unclear , however , whether the New Hampshire success will mean much for Kasich in the long term . " ’As The The New York Times out:’ ’In a speech on Tuesday night , Kasich thanked Kasich supporters.’ ’"We were 1 % in the national polls and people said , ’’ how could you ever win , ’’ " Kasich said . Kasich then talked about people sleeping in campaign offices and eating food from hot plates.’ ’"That’ ’s how you win elections , " Kasich said . " That’ ’s how you do it . " ’ " Kasich made clear that Kasich ’s staying in the race . " ’"When the media kept saying , ’’ well how are you going to do this ? ’’ " Kasich said . " You know what I said ? I said , ’’ I have an insurance policy . ’’ It’ ’s you . It’ ’s It’ of you . " ’ ’He continued : " There’ ’s magic in the air with this campaign . . .. We see this as an opportunity for all of us . We to be involved in something that’ ’s bigger than our own We . To change America . " ’ ’Kasich also pushed his message ’Kasich positivity.’ ’"We have had tens and tens of millions of dollars spent against us with negative advertising , " Kasich said . " We never went negative because we have We good to sell than to spend our time We critical of somebody else . And maybe , just maybe . .. we are We the page on a dark part of American politics because tonight the light overcame the darkness of negative campaigning . " ’ ’Republican presidential candidate and Ohio Gov. ... ’ 
 