  ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday defended House Speaker Paul Ryan endorsement of Donald Trump     despite House Speaker Paul Ryan frequent differences with the presumptive GOP nominee     saying the only alternative is giving the presidency to Hillary Clinton . " It is a binary choice , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said at a CNN town hall hosted by Jake Tapper . " It is either Donald Trump     or Hillary Hillary Clinton You do n’t get a third option . "   But the challenge facing House Speaker Paul Ryan was clear when House Speaker Paul Ryan was asked a question by Zachary Marcone , a Republican who said House Speaker Paul Ryan could n’t support Trump Donald Trump     House Speaker Paul Ryan is " openly racist . "   " Can you tell me , how can you morally justify your support for this kind of candidate ? " Marcone asked . House Speaker Paul Ryan did n’t address the premise of the question , reiterating House Speaker Paul Ryan stance that opposing Trump Donald Trump     to supporting Clinton . House Speaker Paul Ryan pledged to always speak House Speaker Paul Ryan mind when House Speaker Paul Ryan disagrees with Trump Donald Trump     argued that the best chance for conservatives to have their priorities conservatives into law is with the businessman in the White House and pointed to the ability of the next president to nominate Supreme Court justices . House Speaker Paul Ryan was later asked by Kerry Cahill , the daughter of a man killed in the 2009 Fort Hood massacre , how House Speaker Paul Ryan could support Trump Donald Trump     House Speaker Paul Ryan called for a ban on Muslim immigration . Ryan was more direct on that question . " I disagree with him on Ryan , " Ryan said Ryan " It ’s it that simple . " As he spoke Ryan the next president ’s ability to choose Supreme Court nominees and influence the high court over the long term , Ryan criticized Ryan Bader Ginsburg . The     justice is the subject of controversy after she told Ruth Bader Ginsburg this week that Trump is a " faker " who is driven by his ego Trump " I think it is out of place in an appointed branch of government . That shows bias to me , " Ryan said . " I do n’t think that is something she should Ryan done . " Pence , Gingrich make the final cut in Trump ’s VP search , sources say , The speaker Gingrich of the toughest jobs in politics right now : safeguarding the future of the Republican Party while simultaneously uniting the party around the Republican Party presumptive nominee the Republican Party He is gearing Gingrich for the perilous political mission of guiding the GOP through next week ’s Republican National Convention . He pledged Tuesday Gingrich speak out and defend his principles whenever Gingrich diverge with those of Trump .     " In the balance of things , the good clearly outweighs the things I do n’t agree with , " Ryan said . " We do n’t have people who run for office who 100 % reflect all of our views . It We n’t work like that . " The speaker has frequently been drawn into the center of controversy during the presidential campaign , sometimes scolding Trump or simply keeping Trump distance while also The speaker the party to support Trump to avoid a Trump win in November .    Ryan , for instance , repudiated Trump ’s attacks on Trump judge of Mexican ancestry who is presiding over a civil suit against the billionaire . Ryan , who endorsed Trump in June , said Trump comments met the " textbook " definition of racism . The audience included Mark Hughes , a man who was pictured legally carrying a rifle on the night of the   attacks that killed five police officers in Dallas last week . Police initially misidentified him as a suspect and his picture was posted on him . House Republicans seek Clinton Foundation investigations , Hughes , a Democrat , asked Ryan a question about improving health care for returning veterans who may have    stress disorder and asked him what he would do Ryan ensure Ryan did not get into the hands of people with mental disorders . Ryan said the House had Ryan passed the first mental health legislation in a generation and said there was common ground between Republicans and Democrats on the issue . He also pledged that " Ryan have got to clean up the VA " so that it could treat issues unique the VA veterans , including PTSD . Ryan deflected a question from Ryan member Steve Lonegan , a New Jersey Republican , who wants to incite a revolt to stop Trump from claiming the nomination . " It is not my job as chairman of the convention to tell the delegates how to run their convention , " the the delegates said . Ryan , the party ’s Ryan vice the delegates , had advice for Trump as he nears a Trump on Ryan running mate . " I would like a conservative , " Ryan said , adding that Ryan was " new " Trump Republican politics and had been on the different sides of many political issues . 
 