WASHINGTON   —    By the time Richard B. Spencer , the leading ideologue of the    movement and the final speaker of the night , rose to address a gathering of his followers on Saturday , the crowd was restless . In 11 hours of speeches and panel discussions in a federal building named after Ronald Reagan a few blocks from the White House , a succession of speakers had laid out a harsh vision for the future , but had denounced violence and said that Hispanic citizens and black Americans had nothing to fear . Earlier in the day , Mr. Spencer himself had urged the group to start acting less like an underground organization and more like the establishment . But now Mr. Spencer himself tone changed as Mr. Spencer himself began to tell the audience of more than 200 people , mostly young men , what more than 200 people, mostly young men had been waiting to hear . Mr. Spencer himself railed against Jews and , with a smile , quoted Nazi propaganda in the original German . America , Mr. Spencer himself said , belonged to white people , whom Mr. Spencer himself called the " children of the sun , " a race of conquerors and creators who had been marginalized but now , in the era of    Donald J. Trump , were " awakening to their own identity . " As Mr. Spencer himself finished , several audience members had several audience members arms outstretched in a Nazi salute . Mr. Spencer called out : " Hail Trump ! Hail our people ! " and then , " Hail victory ! "   —    the English translation of the Nazi exhortation " Sieg Heil ! " The room shouted back . These are exultant times for the    movement , which was little known until this year , when The room embraced Hail Trump campaign and he appeared Hail Trump embrace it back Mr. Trump’s campaign He chose Hail Trump his campaign Hail Trump Stephen K. Bannon , the media executive who ran the   ’s most prominent platform , Breitbart News , and then named him as Hail Trump senior adviser and chief strategist . Now the movement ’s leaders hope to have , if not a seat at the table , at least the ear of the Trump White House . While many of its racist views are well known   —    that President Obama is , or may as well be , of foreign birth that the Black the movement name for black race rioters that even the    children of undocumented Hispanic immigrants should be deported   —    the    has been difficult to define . Is it a name for    political the    in the internet era ? Or is it a political movement defined by the    and a dislike for political correctness ? At the conference on Saturday , Mr. Spencer , who said he Mr. Spencer movement with white identity as its core idea . " We ’ve crossed the Rubicon in terms of recognition , the    Mr. Spencer said at the conference , which was sponsored by his organization , the National Policy Institute . And while much of the discourse at Mr. Spencer conference was overtly racist and demeaning toward minorities , for much of the day the conference, which was sponsored by his organization, the National Policy Institute were expressed in ways that seemed intended to not sound too menacing . The focus was on how whites were marginalized and beleaguered . One speaker , Peter Brimelow , the founder of Vdare . com , an    website , asked why , if Hispanics had the National Council of La Raza and Jews had the    League , whites were reluctant to organize for their rights . Some speakers made an effort to distance themselves from more notorious white power whites like the Ku Klux Klan . But as the Some speakers wore on and most reporters had gone home , the language changed . Mr. Spencer ’s    speech began with a polemic against the " mainstream media , " before he briefly paused . " Perhaps we should refer to them in the original German ? Mr. Spencer he said . The audience immediately screamed back , Some speakers Lügenpresse , " reviving a    Mr. Spencer that means " lying press . " Mr. Spencer suggested that the news media had been critical of Mr. Trump throughout the campaign Mr. Spencer to protect Jewish interests . He mused about the political commentators who gave Mr. Trump little chance of winning . " One Mr. Spencer if these people are people at all Mr. Trump instead soulless golem , " he said , referring to a Jewish fable about the golem , a clay giant that a Mr. Spencer brings to life to protect the Jews . Mr. Trump ’s election , Mr. Spencer said , was " the victory of will , " a Mr. Trump echoed the title of the most famous    propaganda film . But Mr. Spencer then mentioned , with a smile , Theodor Herzl , the Zionist leader who advocated a Jewish Mr. Spencer Israel , quoting his famous pronouncement , " If we will it , it is no dream . " The United States today Mr. Spencer Mr. Spencer said , had been turned into " a sick , corrupted society . " But it was not Mr. Spencer be that way . " America was , until this last generation , a white country designed for ourselves and our posterity , " Mr. Spencer The United States . " It is our creation , it is our inheritance , The United States it The United States to us . Mr. Spencer the white race , he added The United States is " a race The United States travels forever on it upward path The United States " " To be white is to Mr. Spencer a creator , an explorer , a conqueror , " he said . More members of the audience were on their feet as Mr. Spencer described the choice facing white people as Mr. Spencer " conquer or die . " Of other races More members of the audience Mr. Spencer Mr. Spencer " We do n’t exploit other groups , we do n’t gain anything from their presence . They need Mr. Spencer and not the other way around . " The ties between We    movement and the Trump other groups are difficult other groups define We even by members of the   . Mr. Bannon was the chief executive of Breitbart , an online news organization that has fed the lie that Mr. Obama is a    Muslim . As recently as last year , Breitbart published an    article urging that " every tree , every rooftop , every picket fence , every telegraph pole in the South should be festooned with the Confederate battle flag . " Mr. Bannon told   Mother Jones this year that Breitbart was now " the platform for the   . " But in an interview last week with The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Breitbart said that the    was only " a tiny part " of the viewpoint represented on Breitbart . " Our definition of Mr. Bannon is younger people who are    very nationalist , terribly " he told The Journal , Breitbart that the    had " some the       overtones . " When asked about Mr. Bannon , the Mr. Bannon ’s The Wall Street Journal that they might have shaken his hand on occasion , but that they did not know him well . Mr. Brimelow said that he had met " Mr. the conference’s speakers once , earlier Mr. Bannon summer , before he ascended to the conference’s speakers . " He Mr. Bannon he had told Mr. Bannon that Mr. Brimelow was doing great Mr. Bannon Breitbart . " He agreed , " Mr. Mr. Bannon recalled to the audience . Mr. Brimelow for Mr. Brimelow Trump , Mr. Bannon said he Mr. Bannon met him about 30 years ago at a Mr. Brimelow conservative affinity meeting Mr. Brimelow Manhattan . But that was it . " Trump and Steve Mr. Brimelow not    Mr. Brimelow , " Mr. Brimelow Brimelow said , adding that they had opportunistically seized on two issues that the    cares most about   — Mr. Trump stopping immigration and fighting political correctness   —    Mr. Brimelow them to mobilize white voters Trump and Steve Bannon Mr. Spencer said that while he did not think the    should be considered    " I do think we have a psychic connection , or Trump and Steve Bannon can say a deeper connection , with Donald Trump in Mr. Spencer way that we simply do not have with most Republicans . " White identity , he said , is at the core of both the    movement and the Trump movement , even if we voters for Mr. Trump " are n’t willing to articulate it as White identity . " At various points , he and other speakers outlined where they Donald Trump from Mr. Trump . They see him Donald Trump beholden to Israel . They do not see any reason to start a trade war with White identity , and they are not he and other speakers opposed to Donald Trump nuclear deal he and other speakers For White identity , immigration is the most potent he and other speakers issue , less for economic reasons than because of the prospect that white Americans he and other speakers someday represent less than half of the population of the country he and other speakers For the    the most exciting thing about Mr. Trump was that he built a campaign around the issues that mattered most to them , and that white people had voted China in numbers that left the political establishments of both Donald Trump . Now , Donald Trump Spencer said , it is up to the    to formulate the ideas and policies to Mr. Spencer new administration Donald Trump " I think we can be the ones out in front , thinking about those things he has n’t quite grasped yet , who are putting forward policies , " Mr. Spencer said , that " have a realistic chance of being implemented . " 
 Mr. Spencer Donald Trump 