Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump is declining to endorse a pair of Republican heavyweights     House Speaker Paul Ryan and former presidential nominee John McCain     in House Speaker Paul Ryan and former presidential nominee John McCain     primary fights , another sign of the fractures within the party . Paul Ryan face    challengers in their respective House Speaker Paul Ryan and former presidential nominee John McCain     races in Wisconsin and Arizona . Yet their party House Speaker Paul Ryan and former presidential nominee John McCain     presidential nominee would not bless them in House Speaker Paul Ryan and former presidential nominee John McCain     interview with The Washington Post on Tuesday . " I like Paul , but these are House Speaker Paul Ryan and former presidential nominee John McCain     times for our country . We need very strong leadership . We need We , very strong leadership . And I ’m just not quite there yet . I ’m not ’m there yet , " Trump said of Ryan .   As for McCain     a former naval aviator who was shot down and tortured during the Vietnam War     Trump said he has McCain    a former naval aviator who was shot down and tortured during the Vietnam War    Trump never been there with John McCain McCain     ’ve always felt that he should have McCain    a former naval aviator who was shot down and tortured during the Vietnam War    Trump a much better job for the vets . " Sarah Palin will work to defeat Ryan in Ryan for Trump stance Trump Trump ’s Trump of two of his party ’s Trump senior officials is a reminder that two weeks after the Republican National Convention , his party is Trump his party . Both Ryan and McCain Ryan two weeks after the Republican National Convention, his party is far from unified Trump     with Trump significant political Ryan to do so     yet Trump has not taken Trump to the criticisms launched by GOP elders . Ryan faces Paul Nehlen Ryan Wisconsin next week . Trump ’s phrasing     Trump ’m not quite there yet "     echoes comments Ryan made to CNN ’s Ryan Tapper in May when he said he was n’t Ryan ready Ryan back his party ’s   . Ryan Trump claimed in the Post Trump that Ryan had sought his endorsement Ryan which he Ryan only giving " Ryan serious consideration . " Zack Roday , a Ryan campaign spokesman , quickly Ryan back against Trump ’s claim , saying Trump Neither Speaker Ryan nor anyone on his team Ryan ever asked for Ryan Trump ’s endorsement . And Trump in a victory next week regardless . " A message left by CNN with the office of McCain , who faces a challenge from his right at the end of the month from former state Sen. Kelli Ward , was not immediately returned Tuesday afternoon . But McCain ’s daughter , Meghan McCain , who has been critical of Trump in the past , simply tweeted , " Character . Matters . " Tough criticism for Trump , Both Ryan and McCain in recent days have Trump criticized Trump over his McCain controversy , his disparaging remarks about Trump Muslim Trump of Humayun Khan Trump a US Army captain who died in the Iraq War . Ryan reiterated Sunday that he rejects Trump ’s call for Ryan temporary ban on Ryan travel Trump the US after Trump took heat for criticizing Khan ’s parents . McCain Trump particular was harsh , saying Trump did not have an " unfettered license to defame Trump who are the best among us . " The Arizona senator is meeting with Trump ’s running mate McCain in particular Mike Pence , Trump    meeting in Arizona on Tuesday . Trump previewed some hostility toward Ryan in a tweet Arizona Nehlen Trump Monday after the businessman praised Trump and recently tweeted articles and comments supporting the GOP nominee Trump " Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words , very much appreciated , " Trump tweeted . In the Post interview , Trump also criticized Trump Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte , who is Trump a tough    battle and hit Trump over his remarks against the Khan family . She is Trump Trump Trump candidacy but has tried to distance Trump from him Trump that she is not " endorsing " Trump . Trump I call it Trump I see it and I Trump always going to stand up for she is not "endorsing" him military families and she is not "endorsing" him ’s best for the people of New Hampshire , " she tweeted after Trump ’s remarks were published . Ohio Gov. John Trump , a Trump critic , rushed to the defense of Ryan , McCain and Ayotte Trump tweeting that they are " great leaders " who are " critical to holding our conservative majorities McCain and Ayotte in Congress . President Barack Obama on Tuesday challenged Republicans over their support for their presidential nominee given his    rhetoric on the trail . " Republicans does this Republicans about your party President Barack Obama this is your   ? " Obama asked of GOP leaders in remarks made at a White House news conference . President Barack Obama This is n’t a situation where you have an episodic gaffe . This is daily and weekly where they are distancing themselves from statements he ’s making This There has to be a point at which they say , ’This is not somebody I can support for president of the United States , even if he purports to be a member of my party.’ " Obama said that denunciations from he of Trump ’s remarks " ring hollow " without an accompanying withdrawal of support . Could imperil Trump ’s support on Capitol Hill , One Republican congressman predicted that Trump ’s criticisms Trump and harm the nominee rather than Ryan , given the speaker Trump support among House Republicans , many of whom are lukewarm about backing the controversial real estate mogul . The congressman , who has endorsed Trump but asked not to be identified in order to speak freely , said supporting Trump Trump now more difficult given his criticism of the Khan family . Asked how Trump Trump work with Ryan on Capitol Trump if both men were to be elected without Trump endorsing the House Ryan , campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Tuesday Trump she would expect congressional Republicans to support the will of the people . " Well , campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson Trump ) would hope that any elected official , based upon the election , would understand Trump the policies that Donald Trump has been putting out     considering he would have defied all odds , not (Trump) the primary but in a general election (Trump) well     and they would work to represent their people , " Pierson said . " That ’s what this the primary but in a general election is about . We the primary but in a general election a republic , not a democracy . Sometimes people forget that . " As for Ayotte , who has been under fire from New Hampshire Democrats for being too close to Trump , state Republican Party committeeman Tom Rath said Trump attacking her " is a gift . " " Her numbers here are far better than his , state Republican Party committeeman Tom Rath Rath said , adding , " Independence state Republican Party committeeman Tom Rath prized highly here and Trump just Trump Kelly ’s state Republican Party committeeman Tom Rath on that . " 
 Trump 