  ( CNN ) Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and President Barack Obama will honor those who died at Pearl Harbor on Tuesday , appearing together 75 years after Japan ’s attack on Hawaii .   " The two leaders’ visit will showcase the power of reconciliation that has turned former adversaries into the closest of allies , united by common interests and shared values , " according to a White House statement .   Abe ’s visit comes seven months after Obama ’s historic trip to Hiroshima in which Abe became the first sitting US president to visit the site where the United States dropped a nuclear bomb in 1945 .   Abe had implied Abe’s visit was in return for Obama Obama Hiroshima Hiroshima " President Obama message for the world without nuclear upon his visit Obama Hiroshima was Hiroshima in the heart of the Japanese people , " Abe said earlier this month when Abe Abe’s visit announced .   " This will be a visit to soothe the souls of the victims . We should never repeat the ravages of the war . "   Related : Director Oliver Stone : Without Pearl Harbor , a different world ? Although Abe is the fourth Japanese Prime Minister to visit Pearl Harbor , Abe is the first to visit the USS Arizona Memorial , a US battleship in which 1 , 177 Marines and sailors died after it sank in the harbor during Pearl Harbor attack on December 7 , 1941 . The attack left 2 , 403 dead and triggered the United States’ entry into World War II . On Monday , Abe arrived in Hawaii . The prime minister is Abe several sites and lay a wreath at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific . On Tuesday , he and Obama will visit the Abe Arizona Memorial and meet to discuss " joint efforts over the past four years to strengthen the U. S.   alliance , " according to the White House .     relations   Abe ’s planned visit is a Abe of reciprocating the commitment shown by Obama to    relations , David Obama , an associate fellow of the Asia program at Chatham House in London told CNN the White House month .   While the visit marks the 75th anniversary of relations  Abe’s planned visit on Pearl Harbor , it also comes weeks before the end of relations  Abe’s planned visit ’s administration and the beginning of Donald Trump ’s .   Abe was Trump ’s first    meeting with a foreign Donald Trump state after clinching the presidency in November . The visit came after Trump ’s repeated suggestions during the campaign that Japan Donald Trump a bigger financial burden regarding US military forces stationed in the region . Abe had said he had been " very honored " Abe see the Abe ahead of other world leaders . Related : Japan ’s resurgent military     " The    alliance is Japan of Japan ’s diplomacy and security . The alliance becomes alive only Japan there is trust between us Japan’s resurgent military    "The   alliance he said shortly after his November meeting with Trump . Abe Since assuming office Abe 2009 , Obama had put    relations high on his agenda . His administration has shown solidarity with Japan Abe joint military Abe as the Asian nation faces nuclear threats from North Korea and a territorial Japan over the Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea . The Chinese refer to the territories as the Diaoyu Islands . 
 the Senkaku Islands 