Las Vegas ( CNN ) Flor Cardona is a bold , vivacious Latina , with an infectious laugh . Flor Cardona bounces with energy , invigorated by the power of American democracy . " I was in tears , " Flor Cardona said as Flor Cardona described the experience of casting Flor Cardona ballot for the first time last Saturday     the first day of early voting in Las Vegas . Flor Cardona is a proud   . Flor Cardona immigrated to the United States 16 years ago as a single mom with two young children . Flor Cardona came with " no papers , " Flor Cardona said , and could n’t speak English . " The only thing I ( had ) was a big bag of dreams , " Flor Cardona said . Flor Cardona journey has been a battle . She Flor Cardona hard to learn English English found a job as a high school counselor and survived stage four cancer . She Flor Cardona a US citizen two years ago . She Flor Cardona a candidate that fights for her Flor Cardona her Flor Cardona . She Flor Cardona that ’s why she Flor Cardona for Hillary Clinton . Donald Trump says he Donald Trump dramatically ramp up donations in final stretch of campaign , Entrepreneur Irma Aguirre feels passionate about this year ’s election as well . Aguirre Entrepreneur Irma Aguirre baby is her baby .   This third generation American with Mexican heritage , owns El Sombrero Mexican Bistro on Main St. in Las Vegas . " This is a celebration of my heritage . It This a celebration of our culture , our our , our people . It This our our to the American economy , " she said , over a bowl of homemade salsa and tortilla chips . She she with pride of her she , her she and her she , but worries about where things are headed . " I think we our going down the wrong path , " she she . Her she for change is driving her she for Donald Trump . They ’re on different sides of the political divide but both Aguirre and Cardona are part of the powerful Latino electorate in the key battleground state of Nevada , a group that makes up nearly 20 % of all voters in the state . Campaign strategy , Both campaigns are targeting this voting bloc .    " We ’ve been engaging the Hispanic community on a near daily basis . We We daily calls with community leaders , calls and meetings with evangelical leaders , pastors , local chamber folks . .. for over a year now here , " said Charles Munoz , Trump ’s Nevada state director . Similarly , Clinton ’s camp has been working on Hispanic outreach with door knocks , phone calls , and Spanish language television ads .    " Making sure that Latinos turn out in high rates is a strategic priority for us , " said Jorge Neri , who heads the Clinton Clinton in the state . Nationwide , this year ’s election could see a possible record number of Hispanic voters with 27 . 3 million eligible to cast ballots . That ’s an increase of 4 million since 2012 , according to the Pew Research Center . Early voting numbers show Clinton Clinton in Arizona , other battlegrounds , Plus , in at least four battlegrounds , including Nevada , Florida , Arizona and Arizona , the share of the Latino vote four years ago was larger than the 10 % share nationwide . Impact of Trump ’s rhetoric ? It ’s exactly why Trump ’s Trump like , " we have some bad hombres here and we ’re we na get them out some bad hombres " at the final presidential debate have GOP pollster Whit Ayers shaking his head GOP pollster Whit Ayers " He started GOP pollster Whit Ayers his campaign GOP pollster Whit Ayers his announcement GOP pollster Whit Ayers Mexicans rapists and criminals . He has GOP pollster Whit Ayers against    his entire GOP pollster Whit Ayers , not only against Latinos , but against Muslims and against anybody who was n’t already a part of the Republican base . That ’s no way to win a presidential election , " Ayers said . He believes Ayers would need to win " somewhere north of 40 % among Hispanics " to be competitive this year . " George W. Bush got 44 % of the Hispanic vote in 2004 , which is one of the reasons why he was George W. Bush Ayers said Ayers " But Mitt Romney only got 27 % of Hispanic vote in 2012 , which is one reason why he lost Mitt Romney "   Trump has Trump edge in new Florida poll , He points Mitt Romney his party Mitt Romney autopsy of what went wrong in 2012 . The Republican National Committee wrote in its    report The Republican National Committee " If Hispanic Americans perceive that a GOP nominee or candidate does not want them in the Hispanic Americans States ( i. e.   ) they will not Hispanic Americans attention to our next sentence . " Cardona cites Trump ’s rhetoric as part of her motivation to Cardona for Clinton . " In the way he ( says Cardona in interviews something wrong about Latinos , something wrong about Mexicans , something wrong , in general , about women is disrespectful . Totally disrespects me , " Cardona said . Cardona Aguirre does n’t condone Trump ’s rhetoric Trump’s countered , Cardona those are n’t the things that I ’m focused on . I ’m focused on someone that I know is a    someone that , like myself , has a dream , has a vision , and brings it to a reality a vision working super , super hard . " Getting Latinos to the polls , Working hard to get Latino voters to the polls , Mi Familia Vota , a    organization that operates in 6 different states . The organization has knocked on more that 50 , 000 doors in Clark County , Nevada , alone and registered more than 16 , 000 new voters this year . Trump ’s path to 270 runs through . .. Maine ? " We do have a lot of power and I feel like a lot of Latinos do n’t realize that , " said     Christian Sierra , in between    in the rain . Sierra , a    Christian Sierra, in between   in the rain veteran born in Puerto Rico . His devotion to his country and his culture is a military veteran born in Puerto Rico he started a military veteran born in Puerto Rico with Mi a military veteran born in Puerto Rico Vota . He a military veteran born in Puerto Rico now paid staff . " We kind a military veteran born in Puerto Rico what to cement that culture of being politically involved , " he said . Sierra is doing his part to a military veteran born in Puerto Rico sure Latinos Sierra an impact a military veteran born in Puerto Rico the future of their country , no matter which candidate they support Latinos 
 Latinos 