Washington ( CNN ) Former Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz confronted FBI Director James Comey Friday in a contentious    exchange during a classified briefing , a lawmaker in the room told CNN . Wasserman Schultz , who was forced to resign a lawmaker in the room post atop the DNC over the summer following a steady release of hacked DNC emails , challenged FBI Director James Comey during a classified briefing for House lawmakers about the intelligence assessment that Russians meddled in the US election . a lawmaker in the room questions , which were described by the lawmaker to CNN as " confrontational , " focused on why the FBI did n’t reach out directly to a lawmaker in the room , or any of the committee ’s senior leadership , when the committee’s became aware of the hacks .   Wasserman Schultz repeatedly accused Comey of failing to take the proper steps to inform Wasserman Schultz team of what happened and failing to underscore the importance of the event in the limited contact that did occur . FBI Director Comey ’s political firestorm , explained , Wasserman Schultz told CNN that Comey Comey back in an exchange that lasted nearly 10 minutes and defended the FBI ’s response . It was clear to Democratic lawmakers , many of whom chided Comey FBI Director Comey’s various points of the    briefing for his Comey in investigating Hillary Clinton ’s emails , that Comey Comey reached out to Wasserman Schultz , the Comey . Wasserman Schultz Wasserman Schultz in a statement to CNN that she would n’t Wasserman Schultz any information said in the meeting but that Comey should Comey the agency ’s policies when investigating the hacking by foreign governments . " There are further questions that must be answered by Director Comey , who must provide more clarity on this and other questions that have arisen surrounding the FBI ’s handling of Russian hacking during the 2016 election cycle , " she said in the statement . A message left with the FBI seeking the FBI’s night was not immediately returned . Wasserman Schultz was n’t the only one disappointed with Comey . Rep. Tim Walz ,    told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront " that his confidence in Comey Wasserman Schultz shaken after Comey briefing . He said his " Wasserman Schultz started Wasserman Schultz brew " after he said Comey declined Wasserman Schultz answer Comey very simple questions " about whether he followed FBI protocol Wasserman Schultz " It shook me , " Walz said . " Wasserman Schultz American public has to believe they ’re doing everything The American public the best interest to protect the American people in a nonpartisan manner . I did not leave feeling that ’s what happened in this case . I think more questions need to be answered . " Walz continued : " Wasserman Schultz goes at the heart of our democracy , and when the director of the FBI ca n’t answer those questions , it does shake our This . " our if Comey should resign , however , Walz said he has Wasserman Schultz " Wasserman Schultz that far , " saying such a decision was " premature . " ’No credibility’ Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters emphatically told CNN after the meeting that Comey has " no Comey . " " It ’s classified and the meeting that Comey has "no credibility ca n’t tell you anything . All I can tell you is the FBI director has no credibility . That ’s it , " she no credibility . And ’No credibility’ Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters source told CNN that New York CNN Rep. Jerrold Nadler pressed Comey on his decision Comey investigate New York Democratic Rep. Jerrold Nadler Clinton emails , and Comey defended his decision Comey explained his decision to investigate the Clinton emails took his course Comey action Comey Trump team discussing border wall with Army Corps , Interior Department , Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings told CNN he was " willing to Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings " Comey " the benefit Comey the doubt " about the whole issue . " I was willing to give him the benefit of Comey doubt with regard to initially coming out . As a lawyer , I can tell you I ’ve never heard of the FBI     if they were going to drop the FBI     case , telling you why or giving an explanation     so I thought that was unusual , " he said . " Comey I was willing to give him the benefit of Comey doubt . But there ’s been a lot that has happened since then . Today , I must tell you , when I left the hearing , I felt a great sense of disappointment . " The meeting comes after Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz announced Thursday that he is probing the FBI Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz handling of the investigation into Clinton ’s private email server during the 2016 presidential election . The decision revived Democrats’ arguments that Comey helped swing the election Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz    Donald the 2016 presidential election favor . When asked , Cummings said he has faith with how Horowitz Cummings handle the investigation . " I the investigation into Clinton’s private email server during the 2016 presidential election will turn over every stone . Horowitz hope he will get the cooperation he needs Horowitz " he said , Horowitz adding , " Horowitz have a duty and the IG has a duty to try and look at this , figure out where we are , what we ’re doing We move on from We . I think this is a point in the FBI ’s history where we ’ve got ta have a mirror put up to make sure it maintains its credibility . " Wasserman this stepped this in July after hacked emails appeared to show DNC workers showing favoritism toward Clinton over Sen. Bernie Sanders , who mounted an insurgent campaign against her . 
 Wasserman Schultz 