( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . A man sleeping in the doorway of a bar in the industrial town of Linden , N. J. turned out to be the suspect in the bombing in Manhattan on Saturday night . N. J. opened fire on officers , was shot multiple times and then was taken into custody , ending a huge manhunt that involved the first use of the nation ’s Wireless Emergency Alerts as an electronic wanted poster : " WANTED : Mr. Rahami . See media for pic . Call     if see . " _ _ _ _ _ 2 . The authorities linked Mr. Rahami , a naturalized U. S. citizen from Afghanistan , to a second    bomb planted in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan , which did not explode . Above , extra security on Monday . Officials also believe Mr. Rahami is connected to a bombing earlier Saturday on the Jersey Shore and a backpack full of pipe bombs found in Elizabeth , N. J. late Sunday . Friends say Mr. Rahami , a Muslim , had become more religious recently . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The presidential candidates staked out competing claims on national security , seeking to persuade voters of their ability to ward off The presidential candidates attacks on U. S. soil . Donald Trump called for police profiling of people from the Muslim world , while Hillary Clinton urged Americans to show " courage and vigilance , " and not to demonize Muslims or Americans of foreign origin . Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton undermining Donald Trump with his stance but rather playing into Donald Trump hands , making him a " militant groups sergeant for Donald Trump terrorists . " _ _ _ _ _ 4 . The U. S. acknowledged its second friendly fire case in days The U. S. An American airstrike hit a police post in Southern Afghanistan rather than the Taliban fighters attacking it , leaving at least seven officers An American airstrike in a war that has endured for 15 years . Above , the site of a recent car bombing in Kabul . Two days ago , the U. S. admitted that an airstrike in Syria had killed government soldiers rather than Islamic State fighters . The U. S. maintains hope that a the U. S. Syria will endure , but the Syrian military declared Syria it was over and began bombardments in    parts the Syrian military the northern city of Aleppo . A Syrian Red Crescent aid convoy trying to deliver desperately needed aid there was attacked . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Prosecutors in the    Bridgegate case came out with a striking point of agreement with the defense . In opening statements , the prosecutors said that Gov. Chris Christie of New Prosecutors in the   Bridgegate case that lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge were being closed to punish a rebellious local mayor , knowledge Mr. Christie has denied . Two former members of his Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey on trial in the case , including Bridget Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey Kelly , above . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . U. S. federal regulators officially endorsed the concept of    cars as potentially safer than    traffic . They issued guidelines that aimed to help channel the nascent industry U. S. federal regulators a way that balances the commercial interests of companies like Tesla , Google and Uber with public safety . Researchers who specialize in the technology that guides    cars are the first to concede the limitations of their science at the moment . " Knowing what I know Researchers who specialize in the technology that guides   cars computer vision , I would n’t take my hands off the steering wheel , " one expert said . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Nine Emmys for " The People v. O. J. Simpson " prompted Marcia Clark , above right with the actress who played her , to claim vindication . Miss the awards show ? Marcia Clark had ups ( the much trolled and hacked actress Leslie the awards inviting the show ’s accountants to guard her Twitter account ) and downs ( the shadow of two actress Leslie Jones victims hanging over the many awards for " O. J. ") Here ’s our collection of the best and worst moments . And this is the week that new TV series launch and old friends return . Our experts have recommendations for every night of the week , our " Pitch " on Thursday ( 9 p. m. Fox ) about a screwball pitcher poised to be the first woman to play Major League Baseball . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Arctic sea ice shrank to its    level on record as of Saturday , just behind Arctic mark set in 2012 . Measures to mitigate global warming are proliferating . JetBlue , seeking to get ahead of looming restrictions on greenhouse gas pollution by airlines , said it would buy more than 330 million gallons of renewable fuel JetBlue 10 years . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . "   " fans chanted . Tim Tebow had his first workout as a minor league baseball player in Port Tim Tebow Lucie , Fla. " It was one of the hardest decisions of my life to choose football over baseball , " he said . Our sportswriter says Tebow has some work to Tim Tebow   —    like reining Tim Tebow his throwing arm , which at one point sent a ball Tim Tebow over his partner ’s head . " Defensively , " our sportswriter Tim Tebow , " he looks at times like a Our sportswriter to play the Tim Tebow . " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . One of our    stories today is an essay by a college senior Our campus culture that encourages drinking to blackout . She describes a pattern of alcohol overdose encouraged by organized drinking games , like the frat house cuff and chug   —    being handcuffed to a partner until the two of you empty a fifth . She blamed the stress of competition , a poor job market and She debt . " At the end of the day , for a lot of students , forgetting will always be the best option , " she writes . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , She have begun to uncover the outlines of the vast ancient empire of Angkor in what is now Cambodia , Thailand , Vietnam and Laos . Using a technology known as lidar , they shot pulses of light at the ground from lasers mounted on Cambodia, Thailand, Vietnam and Laos , which revealed subtle gradations in the landscape . " The vegetation was obscuring these parts of Angkor and other monumental sites , " one archaeologist said . Buddhist priests blessed the sensors before the readings were taken . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , Your Evening Briefing Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s the Weekend Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to Your Evening Briefing Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 