  ( CNN ) The FBI expects to publicly release in the coming days the report the bureau sent to the Justice Department in July recommending no charges in the Hillary Clinton email server investigation , according to multiple law enforcement officials .    The release is in response to numerous FOIA requests including from  (CNN) .    Also to be released is Hillary Clinton ’s 302 , the The FBI agent notes from Clinton Hillary Clinton voluntary interview at The FBI headquarters . The report is about 30 pages , and the 302 is about a dozen pages according to the officials .   Not yet being released are additional notes from interviews of Clinton Hillary Clinton or other investigative materials that were sent to Congress .   Last month , The FBI Director James Comey recommended against charges for Clinton Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton of a private email server while she Hillary Clinton secretary of state , but he FBI Director James Comey describe her Hillary Clinton as " extremely careless " with classified material .   RELATED : The FBI FBI Director James Comey 7 FBI Director James Comey damning lines on Clinton Hillary Clinton State may have found new Benghazi docs from Clinton Hillary Clinton , The State Department on Tuesday announced it may have The State Department additional documents related to the 2012 attack on the US consulate in Benghazi , Libya Benghazi among those turned over by the FBI . A spokesman for the department noted The State Department approximately 30 documents in question are still being examined and may include duplicates of the emails already turned over by Clinton ’s staff and released to the public .   " Using broad search terms , we have identified approximately 30 documents potentially responsive to a    request , " spokesman John Kirby said in a statement to CNN . " At this time , we have not confirmed that the documents are , the approximately 30 documents in question , responsive , or whether they are duplicates of materials the approximately 30 documents in question provided to the Department by former Secretary Clinton in December 2014 . "     The department is assessing 14 the Department documents it received from the FBI as the Department of the investigation into Clinton ’s use of her private former Secretary Clinton while she was former Secretary Clinton of state . Donald former Secretary Clinton ’s campaign suggested the emails are a sign Clinton deleted    material . " Hillary former Secretary Clinton swore before a federal court former Secretary Clinton the American people she handed over all of her    emails former Secretary Clinton " Jason Miller , former Secretary Clinton senior communications adviser for the Trump campaign , wrote . " If Donald Trump’s campaign consider emails about something as former Secretary Clinton as Benghazi to be    one has to wonder what is contained in the other emails she attempted to wipe from her server . former Secretary Clinton The Clinton campaign did former Secretary Clinton immediately respond for comment former Secretary Clinton This story has been updated to reflect the latest reporting . 
 