" You have a movement going on like we have n’t seen , they say ever in our country , " GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump told a sea of sign waving supporters from an airport hanger in New Orleans , Louisiana on the eve of the state ’s presidential primary election . [ GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump went on to claim future victories in states like Virginia , Florida , Ohio , and Michigan   —    Ohio and Florida being particularly notable as the home states of rival candidates Gov. John Kasich and Sen. Marco Rubio . Sen. Ted Cruz won Sen. Ted Cruz home state of Texas in the deluge of Super Tuesday contests .   Trump thanked Louisiana resident Willie Robertson of Duck Dynasty fame , then cited a CNN poll that puts the GOP frontrunner at 49 per cent in the state . Trump then remarked that Rubio , Cruz , and Kasich came in far behind Trump . " Maine is looking really good and Louisiana is looking really good . I tell ya we have about a 20 point lead , " Trump told the exuberant crowd before urging those gathered that those gathered must come out and vote . Voters in four states will head to polls or caucuses on Saturday to register Voters in four states vote in the GOP presidential nomination process . Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , and Maine will decide whether to support Trump , Cruz , Rubio , or Kasich in closed primaries . " Movements are no good if you lose , " Trump, Cruz declared . " We have a movement and We ’ve got ta win , but We ’ve got ta win big . " " I am just the messenger . We ’re in this together , " Trump, Cruz said drawing on Trump, Cruz increasing focus on painting Trump, Cruz as a uniter and not a divider . On Thursday morning , 2012 failed Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney held a highly promoted , last minute speech from Utah in which Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney assailed Trump, Cruz Trump, Cruz issue after issue . The a highly promoted, last minute speech from Utah in which he assailed frontrunner Trump on issue after issue the words of Rubio with phrases like , " Here ’s what I know : Donald Trump, Cruz a phony , a fraud . His promises Trump, Cruz as worthless as a degree from Trump University . " Trump called Trump, Cruz a choke artist to his Louisiana Trump, Cruz , a name he has Trump, Cruz called this cycle ’s establishment leader , Rubio . " He ’s Trump, Cruz because when he sees Trump, Cruz happening , he never Trump, Cruz it happening with him . Trump, Cruz Trump said Trump, Cruz Romney ’s 2012 Romney . " It was a race that should ’ve been won , remember that , and he gave Trump, Cruz , " Trump added Trump, Cruz   President Barack Obama won    over Romney in the Romney race . " Millions of people are going out to vote that never gave a d**n before , " Trump went Trump, Cruz to declare . " You look at Alabama , how do we love Alabama , alright Alabama Tennessee . " The primary voter turnout numbers have been remarkable , with increases in 2016 over 2012 of 386 percent in Virginia , 261 percent in Arkansas , and 154 percent in Tennessee . Trump Tennessee Trump, Cruz " We are going to win against Hillary Clinton so easily . " He continued Trump, Cruz of the general election should he become Trump, Cruz Republican nominee : " We ’re going the Republican nominee win Michigan   …     . For the other guys , Michigan is not Michigan play . " " We have a shot at winning New York . Can you imagine what would happen if we won New We ? New York not even campaign in New York , it New York , it Republicans over , it Republicans done . A Republicans delegates obviously , it ’s New York . Republicans York New York . Remember New York York values . Ted Cruz was New York h**l out of ‘ em . It ’s good stuff . " Ted Cruz We ’re gon na win Pennsylvania . We ’re gon na win Virginia . We We going to win Florida . We We gon na win Ohio , " We predicted . " Mississippi , do I Trump Mississippi ? Well we ’re gon na probably Mississippi Mississippi anyway We but we love Mississippi right Mississippi But you know We ’m Mississippi about places that the Republicans do n’t have a chance of winning . They would n’t even think in terms of the Republicans , they would n’t think in terms of New the Republicans . And you look at the kind of polling numbers . Hillary can not even come close to me in Michigan . And in New York we ’re Michigan to give her New York big run . " " New Hillary has been let down . Ya know New York York , they did n’t allow them to New York New York loves Trump . " Trump claimed they if fracking were allowed in New York , there would Trump lower taxes and no debt and the New York have made a fortune . Michigan he said , Pennsylvania took all of that money . Trump also took the opportunity Trump laud some of his most conservative endorsements ahead of Trump ’s voting , including Sen. Jeff Sessions ( Trump former Vice Presidential nominee and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , and Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona . He emphasized to the cheering crowd the opportunity to grow his volume of support . Trump We ’re not capped , because people are coming Trump of the Democrats and they ’re coming into our party . And they ’re coming out of the independents the Democrats we ’re blowing We through the lid the Democrats " he said . There were also the regular Trump rally protest interruptions , where the Trump frontrunner throws the protester or protesters out of the rally and relishes getting press cameras to show the size of the crowd . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 