     actress Meryl Streep donned orange makeup and a fat suit Monday to play     actress Meryl Streep latest role   —    that of presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump . [ The Ricki and the Flash star , 66 , was joined at the annual Shakespeare in the Park Public Theater Gala event in Central Park . by     actress Meryl Streep Mamma Mia !    and    Christine Baranski , who was dressed as Hillary Clinton .   Spectators posted video of the inspired performance , as a messy      red    Streep and Baranski sang alongside each other . More of Meryl and Christine Baranski doing Trump and HRC pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Bernstein ( @BernsteinJacob ) June 7 , 2016 ,   Streep can be heard in the video singing , " You ’ll let me know , why all the women say no , " as part of Streep rendition on " Brush Up Your Shakespeare " from Cole Porter ’s Broadway hit Kiss Me , Kate . Streep dressed up like Donald Trump tonight and Christine Baranski loved it . Sometimes the world is perfect . pic . twitter .    —    Jack Moore ( @JackPMoore ) June 7 , 2016 ,   Traditionally sung by male actors , the classic song is based on " The Taming of the Shrew , " which offers suggestions to men on how to seduce women by reciting lines from Shakespeare . " Brush up your Shakespeare Shakespeare the women you will wow , " Baranski bellowed as the crowd laughs . " Just declaim a few lines from Othello , and they ’ll think you ’re a hell of a fella . " Meryl Streep just added Donald Trump to her Meryl Streep at the Public Theater Gala pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Bernstein ( @BernsteinJacob ) June 7 , 2016 ,   The annual event is meant to pay tribute to legendary playwright William Shakespeare . With over forty years experience in film and theater acting , Streep Meryl Streep played British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and activist Emmeline Pankhurst , as well as the billionaire real estate    politician . Baranski ’s rendition of Hillary Clinton came on the same night that the real Democratic White House hopeful picked up enough delegates to become her Hillary Clinton ’s presumptive presidential nominee . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 