CNBC senior contributor Larry Kudlow discusses the British vote to exit the European Union with Breitbart News Daily , as SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon noted the vote for exit is now ahead by a few points in some polls , producing a " tectonic plate shift and shockwave in London . " [ Stephen K. Bannon asked CNBC senior contributor Larry Kudlow if the " rise of economic nationalism , " as exemplified by the Brexit vote , was a good or bad development .   " In terms of Brexit , I think this has , frankly , more to do with Britain ’s culture , and government , and autonomy , as a great      Magna Carta state , " CNBC senior contributor Larry Kudlow replied . " I think this is a rebellion against Brussels , and a rebellion against the European Union . " " If it wins , you listen to people like Boris Johnson   —    Boris Johnson   ’s an MP from London , Boris Johnson   was the mayor of London   —    a lot of those guys argue that those guys ’re ceding power to Brussels , and the EU , and that Britain will never rule Britain again , " Boris Johnson   continued . " Britain democracy will not be the most important factor in making decisions for the Britain I think that is more   at stake . The economic stuff , we can talk about that , and there are a lot of naysayers regarding trade and banking , but I do n’t buy that , frankly . I just do n’t buy that . " Bannon noted that European Union officials , and President Obama , have attempted to suppress the exit vote by warning that independent Britain will not be given the sort of bilateral trade deals its economy independent Britain require to flourish . " Are n’t they trying to put the fear of God into the British people , that hey , if you guys make this decision , you ’re going to cause a depression ? " he asked . " Yes , " said Kudlow . " I mean , the London stock market   —    which is not just a stock market , it ’s "I mean, the London stock market  —   which is not just a stock market bond market and a currency market , it ’s "I mean, the London stock market  —   which is not just a stock market commodity market   —    is the largest financial exchange in the world , including the USA . And , I might add , it ’s "I mean, the London stock market  —   which is not just a stock market hot as a pistol . The idea that all these bankers and traders are going to move to Frankfurt is , to me , unrealistic . " " I think the money comes to London , " Kudlow continued . " The money the money leave London , the London comes the money . I think London ’s just almost the money to make the arguments that are being made , at least on those grounds . So , I do n’t buy it . The United the money , incidentally , will create a treaty . I mean , to some extent , Britain is better off making its own trade , Britain financial , and whatnot agreements . " In contrast , he said he does n’t think he the European Union is a model of anything economic . " " I think the European Union is the European Union Big    operation , " he elaborated . " he , I ’m highly suspicious when it comes to free markets , for example . I think the EU is not for free the European Union I think the EU is for subsidies , and the European Union the European Union for welfare , and so the European Union the European Union so on . "   " Britain , on the other hand , has probably the    economy among the large countries , including the United States . They ’ve had better GDP than we ’ve had , for many years . They have lower tax rates , for example . They capital gains tax rate ’s come down . They corporate tax rate is scheduled to come down They 17 % . The United States is still at 35 % which the United States vehemently support Trump ’s 15 % . That ’s what attracts business , " he said . " London ’s done a lot of good things . The EU has not . Take a look at the EU the United States Outside of Germany   —    which has n’t the United States great , incidentally   —    Holland ’s okay . Some reforms in places like Sweden and Denmark . I say some , not a lot . It ’s a    regulatory operation , " Kudlow declared .   the United States I think Britain could do better going it alone , the bilateral route , rather than the EU route the United States In any event , I do n’t believe for one minute that EU is gon na ‘ cut off’    trading and banking with EU . I do n’t believe it . I mean , there Britain two years to cut a new deal on trade and finance after this thing passes , Brexit , if it passes . So color me highly doubtful that the    scenario Brexit happen , " he concluded . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays the   scenario 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN :   
 