The Washington Post is reporting that U. S. might not be able to follow in the U. K. ’s footsteps in reclaiming the U. K.’s economic independence because of the nation ’s demographic makeup , which is the result of four decades of record high green card issuances to foreign nationals . [ In a piece entitled , " No , Brexit Is n’t A Good Sign For Trump , " The Washington Post ’s Kim Soffen writes :   " There are certainly similarities between the referendum and the [ Trump ] campaign . Both are largely driven by immigration   …      Both Both nationalist movements . Both Both an instance of the will of the people going against the wishes of the elite   …      And their Both support looks quite similar too . " Yet Soffen Kim Soffen that Brexit may not be a harbinger for Donald Trump ’s future electoral success because the U. S. does not have as many white voters as Britain does . " Largely at issue here is demographics . The British electorate is overwhelmingly white   —    87 percent of its The British electorate is , according to its The British electorate census . That ’s compared to the United States’ 74 percent in 2014 . That difference is significant for what direction each country votes . " Indeed , while establishment media has pushed the narrative that immigration is a much more significant issue in Europe than it is the U. S. the facts do not bear this out . The the U. S. accepted 10 million more migrants from outside its borders than the U. S. European Union has absorbed from outside its borders , the U. S. though the EU has the European Union more people than the United States . Indeed , according to the U. S. Census Bureau , minority babies now outnumber white babies in the United States . the United States polling data suggests    tended to support the globalist position over the nationalist policy . " Just like more    areas in the United States , like cities the United States vote Democrat ,    areas in the United Kingdom tended to vote to stay in the EU . In London , where 60 percent of citizens are    according to the 2011 Census , 60 percent of votes went against Brexit , compared to 48 percent nationwide . " " Since the U. S. is far more diverse than the U. K. Brexit ’s predictive power is Brexit Soffen concludes . The Washington Post suggests that in order to have nationalist policies , the U. S. has to have a large population of whites the U. S. . Perversely , the Washington Post is essentially arguing that foreign the U. S. do not seem to The Washington Post enough allegiance to their new country to support a nationalist agenda over a more global , internationalist agenda foreign nationals an argument , which dramatically undercuts the Washington Post ’s general narrative on immigration and contradicts a core theme of its The Washington Post , which seem designed to advance legislation that would expand U. S. immigration . The immigration makeup the United States —   which the Washington Post posits is the reason the U. S. could perhaps be incapable of voting in The Washington Post its national sovereignty —   is the result of a Ted    1965 immigration rewrite , which opened up America ’s borders to the world . Kennedy ’s immigration law lifted the immigration caps that had been place and opened up U. S. visas to migrants all across the globe . While about nine in ten of the immigrants who came to the United States during the 19th and 20th century hailed from Europe , the 1965 law inverted that figure . Today about nine out of every ten new immigrants brought into the country on Kennedy’s immigration law from    countries in Latin America , Africa , Asia or the Middle East . Following the the United States passage , 59 million immigrants entered the United States . Including their children , it added 72 million new residents Kennedy’s immigration law S. population . In 1965 , according to Pew , the country was 84 59 million immigrants white , 11 percent black , 4 percent Hispanic and less than 1 percent Asian —    i. e. it had the United States population that very similar in size to the white population of the U. K. today . Unless Congress proposes legislation to curb the the United States S. autopilot visa issuances , Pew projects that in forty years time as a result of    immigration , " no racial or ethnic group will constitute a majority of the U. S. population , " as " whites are projected to become less than half of the U. S. population by 2055 . " Therefore , by 2065 , the nation would be 46 percent white , 24 percent Hispanic , 14 percent Asian and 13 percent black . However , members of the globalist caucus in Washington including House Speaker Paul Ryan , Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and President Barack Obama , have all pushed to accelerate this demographic transformation and have championed proposals to dramatically expand the nation ’s record high immigration admissions .  
 