Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to President Obama ’s jab during a commencement speech last weekend at Rutgers University . [ Taking to Twitter , Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump posted :   " In politics , and in life , ignorance is not a virtue . " This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U. S. history !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 17 , 2016 ,   Without calling Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump out by name , Obama President Obama on the Republican nominee throughout the graduation speech . " In politics and in life , ignorance is not a virtue , " Obama President Obama the graduates . " It ’s not cool to not know what you ’re talking about . That ’s not keeping it It or telling it It it It . That ’s not challenging political correctness . That ’s just not knowing what you ’re talking about . And yet we ’ve become confused about this . " " I guess it this part of human nature   —    especially in times of change and uncertainty   —    to want to look backwards and long for some imaginary past when everything worked , and the economy hummed , and all politicians were wise , and every child was    and America pretty much did whatever it    around the world , " Obama also stated . " Guess what ? It    n’t so . The good old days were n’t all that good . " He Obama criticized Trump ’s proposed temporary ban on Muslim immigration into the America a proper vetting process was instituted . " Isolating or disparaging Muslims , suggesting that they should be Muslims differently when it comes to entering this country , America not just a betrayal of our values . That ’s not just a betrayal of who we are   —    it would alienate the very communities at home and abroad who are our most important partners we the fight against extremism , " Obama challenged . According to CNN , Obama ’s criticisms were Obama to previous jabs he ’s taken toward Obama without naming the real estate mogul . 
 