’’ ’On March 11 , ’ ’’ ’When he returned , he set down he camera and resumed chatting with me as though nothing had happened . A newspaper writer sidled over to join our pleasant conversation . Within a minute or two , another protester was yelling . My new pals swiveled My new pals heads , quickly pinpointed the disturbance , and raced back into the crowd.’ ’Was this the normal gig ? " Totally normal , " said Deb , safely in the pen once more , unfazed by the brewing rancor . " People think it ’s new , but this has been going on at Trump rallies since at least November . There ’ll be 10 more of those tonight . " ’ ’As the planned start time for the event drew near , a pair of men with Trump pins on the lapels of their suits sealed the media pen ’s exit . " They ’re not allowed to leave anymore , " I overheard one suit instruct the other . " Not until he " —   the " he " being Trump —   " has left the building . " ’ ’The    continued and intensified . Police swarmed into the stands . Everyone was on Everyone feet , shouting and pointing . When a PA announcement informed us that the event had been canceled , the place detonated.’ ’Reporters scurried to edges of the media pen , still hemmed in , and leaned the place detonated.’ ’Reporters cameras over the barricades . Realizing this was folly , the place detonated.’ ’Reporters soon mounted a jailbreak . I followed the place detonated.’ ’Reporters and found myself amid a churning mob on the arena floor —   scuffles everywhere , people shrieking at each other , ripping signs from hands , knocking hats from heads , shoving , stumbling . their cameras raced from one brawl to the next.’ ’When the bedlam flowed outside , I went to a spot where protesters were screaming at people trying to exit the parking garage in their protesters . Trump supporters on the garage ’s upper levels were jeering at the protesters below , throwing popcorn . " Oh , you ’re gon na spit on us now ? " said an angry protester , looking up into what did appear to be a hail of expectoration . I saw a newspaper reporter I ’d just met inside wading into the fray with her notebook in hand , trying to gather quotes.’ ’’ ’The next morning , scanning news about the rally , I learned that Deb —   while attempting to film the ruckus in the streets —   had been thrown to the ground by Chicago cops , handcuffed , arrested , and detained in jail.’ ’Jeb Bush rallies were not like this . Covering a Jeb event meant freely mingling with 40 people sitting calmly on folding chairs . Covering a Trump event is like watching a 1970s   concert from inside a shark cage.’ ’What ’s it like to be on the Trump beat all the time ? To have enlisted for the noble civic duty of election reportage , only to find yourself smack at the center of tinderbox crowds and    atmospherics ? Is it tough to endure the troubling ,       of the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I followed the circus from Chicago to Cleveland and then down to Florida for a series of rallies , hanging out with Trump ’s press pack along the way to find out . When they were n’t busy darting from one skirmish to the next , several Trump Trump’s ( who spoke anonymously because they they not willing or permitted by their they organizations to go on the record ) described their they out on the trail.’ ’The first thing they all said about Trump Trump’s operation was that " there is no Trump press Trump’s . " There ’s just Hope Hicks , a twentysomething former Ralph Lauren model who ’s never previously worked in politics . She functions Ralph Lauren like a celebrity PR shop than a political communications team . And she remains Ralph Lauren remote figure . On other campaigns , the press operatives develop chummy relationships with the press corps . " There ’s no collegiality , " said one reporter . " No one ’s getting dinner with Hope . " ’ ’’ ’While Hicks writes up the emails and press releases , Trump is his own Trump strategist . And in some ways he ’s Trump most accessible candidate of all —   as long as you ’re a TV host like CNN ’s Don Lemon or MSNBC ’s Joe Scarborough . But there ’s no     information coming from his campaign Trump no one else but Trump ( Trump his campaign manager Trump to talk to . Where other candidates might have a dozen aides a journalist can develop as sources , along with donors and pollsters and    who ’ll leak inside scoop , with Trump there ’s Trump of that . Maybe you get some    operatives on the phone , but it does n’t matter because they never know some   operatives on the phone . " You do n’t get sourced up like you normally would , " one reporter told me . " It all happens on the surface . You just try to interpret it . " It all ’Asking policy questions is like throwing a rock down a bottomless well . " If I have a question about women ’s issues , or Hispanic issues , " said one reporter , " it ’s not like they point me I have a question about women’s issues, or Hispanic issues specific press liaisons who handle those . There are n’t any such people . " Most policy queries simply go unanswered . When a response does come back , it ’s rarely a response . " There ’s no point anyway , " said another reporter . " You might get a response to a question about immigration policy , but the next day on TV , Trump will contradict it . " ’ ’And of course there are the lies . Politico Magazine   more than 60 in a week of Trump appearances . Trump a rally in Boca Raton , Florida , on March 13 , I heard him utter at Trump two bald untruths in the first two minutes of his speech ( Trump said there Trump 25 , 000 people at his Chicago rally Trump the arena holds fewer than 10 , 000 , and then he repeated the Trump that no one had been injured at the event ) . But journalists I talked to who continue to report the lies as such do n’t feel their efforts have journalists I talked to who continue to report the lies as such effect . " How many times can you write that the same statement is untrue ? " mused one reporter . " At some point , the lie stops being news . " And debunking a claim does n’t stop Trump from making it again.’ ’The Trump washes over you after a while . A reporter sitting next to me at the Saturday rally in Cleveland chuckled when Trump bragged there Trump 29 , 000 people in the room . " That ca n’t be remotely possible , " she said , A reporter sitting next to me at the Saturday rally in Cleveland her head for A reporter sitting next to me at the Saturday rally in Cleveland moment to assess the crowd , then giving up and returning her gaze to A reporter sitting next to me at the Saturday rally in Cleveland laptop . A reporter sitting next to me at the Saturday rally in Cleveland fire marshal later announced the attendance had been about 7 , 000 . The lie , though , never made it into her The lie . A reporter sitting next to me at the Saturday rally in Cleveland bother to spend the time and column space to correct a silly exaggeration , when this same man has said he might want this same man summarily execute enemy combatants and defile their bodies ? enemy combatants need to pick your battles.’ ’’ ’"We used to    everything , every day , " another reporter told me , " but it gets hard to keep up . " For a writer filing on deadline an hour after a rally ends , there ’s not enough time to thoroughly    the dozens of fabrications that spilled from the stage . It ’s also hard to know who the    is for . At this point , anyone who hates Trump has ample evidence he ’s a Trump . And anyone who loves Trump does n’t Trump ’The more time I spent with the Trump press pack Trump the more sympathy I had for them . They the Trump press pack equanimity the Trump press pack the face of outrageous behavior . They display physical the Trump press pack in the face of near rumbles . Perhaps I ’m a fragile soul —   Trump would no Trump come up with a snappy epithet to encapsulate my    —   but I ’m not sure that I could handle the emotional rigors of their workplace.’ ’The the Trump press pack vibe at Trump events set my teeth on edge . Each time the mood tautened , I ’d wonder : Is this the day a truly tragic thing happens ? I found it unsettling that the loudest cheers at these rallies —   the moments when the crowd would unleash pure glee and actual fist pumps —   came when Trump would direct his security team Trump eject a protester by shouting , " OK , get him out ! Trump The press is n’t allowed to exit or enter the designated pen while the rallies are happening , which means you can either stay inside to get separation from the crowds ( and a usable workspace ) or stay outside to get    footage of altercations happening amid the throngs ( unless ,   you ’re threatened with arrest for doing so).’ ’I also could not abide large , repeated doses of    Trump . It infuriated me so).’ ’I he ’d pause between telling blatant whoppers to point at the media pen and say , " Those are very dishonest people , I have to tell you . " On cue , his minions would he around and boo us.’ ’Sometimes , he gets personal he the press . At one rally , Trump referred to   Trump News reporter Katy Tur as " little Katy ,    journalist " while she was in   Trump pen , surrounded by his    groupies . In February , Tur tweeted about NBC News reporter Katy Tur special moment on the trail:’ ’’ ’ ’t’t’tTrump trashes press . Crowd jeers . Guy by press ’’ pen ’’ looks at us & screams " you’’re a bitch ! " Other gentleman gives cameras the double bird . ’t’t’ ’The longtime Trump embeds are Trump    group . They gossip and longtime Trump embeds . After Deb Deb arrest , there was a flurry of texts coordinating ways to help , checking on the latest updates . They have to longtime Trump embeds themselves not to longtime Trump embeds inured to their surroundings . longtime Trump embeds that a year ago might have seemed monumentally loony , or     unacceptable , now barely raise an eyebrow . " I think we need troop rotations for the embedded reporters , " suggested one writer . " You need a fresh set of eyes to say , ‘ I ca n’t believe what I just saw.’ " ’ ’Despite the heavy adjectives getting thrown around —   fascist , demagogue , authoritarian —   the beat reporters I spoke to mostly felt they could n’t what I just saw.’ "’ ’Despite the heavy adjectives getting thrown around —  fascist, demagogue, authoritarian —  the beat reporters I spoke that kind of language . Opinion writers , sure . But straight news journalists felt the best they could do straight news journalists catalog the madness and let the American citizenry decide . Some writers objected to the idea that they were giving Some writers too much Trump —   after all , he ’s the Trump    and this the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I something we ’ve never seen before . At least one writer did , however , feel the situation was different when it comes to cable news , where Trump ’s thirst for Trump and the networks’ thirst for ratings can profoundly skew the calculus.’ ’’ ’As the Trump the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I power , Trump treatment of the the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I has grown ever more worrisome . Reporters told me that Trump is incredibly attuned to his Trump in a way that Trump presidential candidates are n’t . The campaign will sometimes the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I specific outlets for vindictive treatment . The Des Moines Register , the New York Times , BuzzFeed , and Univision were all denied access to Trump events in the wake of running Trump coverage . Both the   and the   have already felt compelled to fire their first meek shots over Trump ’s The Des Moines Register, the New York Times, BuzzFeed, and Univision ’Trump ’s campaign manager Trump former New Hampshire state police officer Corey Lewandowski , was recently accused of . Whatever the severity of the manhandling , the campaign ’s response in the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I has been , to use a favorite Trump word , " disgusting . " Despite photographic evidence and an immediate eyewitness report   the campaign continues to deny that the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I ever happened . Hicks attacked the Breitbart reporter ’s integrity , releasing a statement including this line : " We leave to others whether this is part of a larger pattern of exaggerating incidents , but on multiple occasions she has become part of the news story as opposed to reporting it . " that the Breitbart reporter was " delusional . " There ’s no shame , no accountability , no decency . " Trump surrounds himself with a bunch of dicks , Trump shrugged Trump writer , referring to Lewandowski , and other reporters I spoke to tended to agree . On Saturday , Lewandowski was again   this time with a protester Lewandowski Arizona , and again   despite visual evidence.’ ’A couple of journalists on the Trump beat were already beginning to express concern about Trump the media might fare under a Trump presidency , if he should win . The Trump two presidents have Lewandowski imperfect in their treatment of the press —   both Bush The previous two presidents Obama closed ranks and tightened access in ways that previous administrations had n’t —   but basic norms pertained . Would Trump honor quaint traditions regarding White House press coverage ? No one knows . " It ’s occurring to me that it ’s a really fucking slippery slope ’m " It one reporter . " I ’ve been assuming the White House Correspondents’ Association would negotiate for traditional access and protocols . But I ’m applying a rational schema to this . What ’s to prevent Donald Trump from just getting rid of the WHCA Trump does n’t let the press pack on his plane Trump , something that other candidates all do Trump Would President Trump let reporters on Air Force One ? " Trump can provide a window into how an administration will be run . The vast machinery of American governance might in many ways keep an outlandish President Trump in check . But there ’s not much to prevent Trump ’s White House press shop from resembling his press shop Trump capricious White House , vindictive , insulated . Trump’s White House press shop ’m imagining President Trump communicating solely via tweets and    to cable news shows . I ’m imagining the New York Times —   a paper that Trump says " the New York Times totally fabricate stories Trump —   getting barred on a whim from the White House briefing room . I ’m imagining journalists emailing policy questions to press secretary Hope White House receiving no response . ( ’m did not respond to emailed questions for this story . ) ’ ’’ ’On Tuesday night to press secretary Hope Hicks as the primary returns rolled the news story reporters flocked to the luxurious confines of     Trump ’s personal residence in Palm Beach , Florida . Trump of us had dressed more formally than Florida on the trail , to match the surroundings . The balmy , scented air wafted over us as we strolled across the lawns and proceeded through the Secret Service security check at the door us Once us , we mingled beneath the gaudy chandeliers of the enormous Donald J. Trump Ballroom , waiting for the man us appear.’ ’As we were enjoying Mr. Trump ’s hospitality , another reporter was being turned away at Trump . Politico us Ben Schreckinger had been previously approved for credentials , only to . He was told to leave the grounds . Later that evening , Trump   " a dishonest ,    reporter Politico writer Ben Schreckinger a Trump that will soon be out of business , hopefully . " ’ ’Sopan Deb had made it past the door . He was sporting a new abrasion beneath his chin , where he ’d made contact with ’Sopan Deb pavement the door before . Politico writer Ben Schreckinger police would later drop the charges Politico writer Ben Schreckinger him , and Politico writer Ben Schreckinger seemed to be taking the whole thing in stride . But getting arrested was n’t even the first Politico writer Ben Schreckinger personal incident Politico writer Ben Schreckinger Deb endured while on the Trump trail . At a January rally in Reno , Nevada , a Trump supporter   ( adding , " the trail ’m talking to you " Trump Deb Deb at him in shock ) . I asked him if , given the unique nature of this campaign and his experiences covering it the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I feels Politico writer Ben Schreckinger special responsibility to the Trump campaign itself?’ ’I alarms in Politico writer Ben Schreckinger work . " All I can do is my job Politico writer Ben Schreckinger " he said . Politico writer Ben Schreckinger Whether my reporting makes any difference is out Politico writer Ben Schreckinger my control . "    ’ ’Trump had taken questions from the Politico writer Ben Schreckinger during his previous election night celebrations at    . The first time , a reporter told me , the press seated his rich friends and     Club members in the front two rows and put the press behind them . The next time , a reporter ’s friends a reporter been given the front seven rows , pushing the press farther back Trump Tuesday night , as his rich friends and    Club members in the front two rows basked in victory , there were a full 16 rows of rich the press   500 Trump so elegantly dressed Palm Beach dandies —   banishing reporters to the rear of the ballroom , about 40 yards away from Trump ’s podium.’ ’I asked my press pack friends how they were going to ask him questions Trump distance . They the enormous Donald J. Trump Ballroom sure . They guessed they might be given microphones . One print reporter assured me she had my press pack friends really big voice.’ ’It Trump’s podium.’ ’I out not to matter . my press pack friends the event had been my press pack friends a my press pack friends press conference , " and we ’d all obtained credentials One print reporter that basis , Trump gave a short speech —    —   called reporters " Trump , " and then exited the room without fielding a single question . My friend with the big voice shouted , " This is supposed to be a press conference ! Are n’t you going to talk to us ? ! " ’ ’We could hear her loud and clear . But Trump strolled past without acknowledging her . If you want a picture Trump a future Trump presidency My friend with the big voice imagine a reporter shouting questions into an ’We void.’ Trump , March 21 , 2016 : This piece ’We misstated that reporter Sopan Deb been detained in jail overnight . He was detained for several hours , but not overnight.’ ’On March 11 Trump an hour before the scheduled . .. ’ 
 