’   ’ ’    Donald Trump ran for president    —    and    . ’ ’    Donald Trump has proposed ideas for military action that are equal parts    reprehensible and impractical , such as that the U. S. should    " " from countries like Iraq . ’ ’    As Donald Trump Republican opponents periodically pointed out during the    presidential primary campaign , Donald Trump is not a person you should    trust with nuclear weapons . ’ ’    Donald Trump is impulsive , quick to anger , and prone to lash out when Donald Trump    feels embarrassed or threatened . ’ "    Unfortunately , Donald Trump is the     of America ’s armed    forces . It is conceivable that a situation could arise where    intensified American military operations are so essential , our    best option will be to entrust Donald Trump with the power    to lead where   intensified American military operations . " ’’ ’    Syria does not present such a situation . ’ ’    The gas attack in Syria is an atrocity . Bashar    has been    committing atrocities for years , but   there are reasons that the United States has    not engaged more aggressively in Syria , under Barack Obama or    Trump . ’ "    Acting against Assad could strengthen ISIS , which is one of Assad    opponents . We likely could n’t stop the    war in the    country without an    occupation , which We would have    good reasons to resist , even if    were not the case that Syria    is full of Russian troops on Assad ’s side . " ’    As we saw in Iraq and Libya , we greater intervention could make    a bad situation even worse . Syria presents an added risk    that escalation could lead to armed conflict with Russia .    These would be good enough reasons to be cautious in Syria under any president .   ’ ’    They are even better reasons for caution under a president who is    both malevolent and incompetent , who demonstrates neither    strategic thinking nor moral clarity , and who has threatened to       the military in ways that would endanger both servicemembers    and the country as a whole . ’ ’    Trying to make the Syrian situation better through military    action would be really hard . Do you think Donald Trump is up    to the task ? ’ ’    On Thursday , Republican Senators have been pointedly urging    Donald Trump Donald Trump congressional authority before any military    escalation : Mike Lee , Rand Paul , John McCain , Bob Corker . ’ ’    Congress should insist that he seek such authorization   —    and    should deny it . such authorization   ’Donald Donald Trump president promising to . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 