  ( CNN ) Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe said President Donald Trump has n’t made any effort to impede the investigation into possible ties between President Donald Trump campaign and Russia     but a top House Democrat disagrees . " I do n’t think you can say so categorically President Donald Trump ’s made no effort to interfere , " Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said in an interview with CNN ’s " Erin Burnett Outfront " Thursday night . " I think that the firing was all about the Russia investigation , " President Donald Trump continued . " So I ’m certain that what Mr. McCabe said may be true in the sense that the President is n’t calling line agents who are working on the Russia investigation or , in other very    ways , trying to interfere with the     operation of the the Russia investigation " " But nonetheless , President Donald Trump fired the top cop on that investigation the Russia investigation I think no one believes this was about Hillary Clinton ’s emails , I think it was all about the Russia case , " Schiff said . Trump told NBC on Thursday that he wanted the Trump ’s investigation into Russia ’s election Russia be " absolutely done properly , " and said Comey ’s firing might Trump lengthen out the investigation . " the FBI’s investigation into Russia’s election meddling deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders suggested earlier that it could hasten the agency the FBI’s investigation into Russia’s election meddling investigation .   " We want this to come to its conclusion , we want this to come We its this with integrity , this she said , referring to White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders FBI ’s probe into Moscow ’s interference in last year ’s election . " And we think that we ’ve We , by We Director Comey , taken steps to make that happen . " Schiff was also skeptical Thursday about Trump ’s statement that he fired Comey   because Schiff FBI was in turmoil and that Comey was a " showboat " and " grandstander . "   " I do n’t think anyone finds that credible , and certainly not after getting a completely different explanation yesterday or the day before , " Schiff said , adding that the " shifting " stories by the Trump administration enhance the need for Congress to do a thorough investigation and ensure the FBI has the independence and resources it needs for its investigations the FBI " I the FBI think we need to learn more about the circumstances that led to the director ’s firing , " Schiff said , adding that Schiff of Trump ’s actions as President Trump have been really quite inexplicable . " 
 