Chris Christie is not being held hostage , Chris Christie tells reporters . [ At a press conference this afternoon in Trenton , N. J. the New Jersey Governor responded to the    mockery of N. J. the New Jersey Governor online after N. J. the New Jersey Governor stood behind Donald Trump during N. J. the New Jersey Governor press conference in Florida after Super Tuesday .   Many viewers of his press conference in Florida after Super Tuesday mocked Christie ’s facial expressions , suggesting that N. J. the New Jersey Governor was being " held hostage " or was regretting N. J. the New Jersey Governor decision to support Donald Trump . " All these armchair psychologists should give it a his decision to support Trump . " N. J. the New Jersey Governor said . " No , I was n’t being held hostage , no , I was n’t sitting up there thinking ‘ Oh my god , what have I done . ’ " Christie admitted Christie’s a lot of people had " fun " mocking N. J. the New Jersey Governor on the internet , but that N. J. the New Jersey Governor was quite comfortable with N. J. the New Jersey Governor endorsement of Donald Trump , noting their     a lot of people . " You never look good standing behind someone , " N. J. the New Jersey Governor admitted . Christie also Christie’s video of Donald Trump telling N. J. the New Jersey Governor to go home on the plane after the New Jersey governor introduced N. J. the New Jersey Governor   —    a moment which exploded online causing N. J. the New Jersey Governor critics to ruthlessly mock N. J. the New Jersey Governor . N. J. the New Jersey Governor said that Donald Trump was urging N. J. the New Jersey Governor to go home to N. J. the New Jersey Governor family rather than stay and watch N. J. the New Jersey Governor lengthy campaign speech . " The Internet will move on , " N. J. the New Jersey Governor said dismissively . " The Internet The Internet Internet . The Internet and it The Internet away , The Internet do n’t care . It really does n’t The Internet to N. J. the New Jersey Governor . " Christie ’s press conference was over an hour and a half long , and N. J. the New Jersey Governor spoke at length about N. J. the New Jersey Governor decision to endorse Trump , N. J. the New Jersey Governor own failed Republican campaign , and N. J. the New Jersey Governor assessment of the presidential race . Christie responded to questions Christie’s Trump ’s unsavory behavior and defended N. J. the New Jersey Governor failure to denounce the KKK and David Duke as a " bad interview . " " Everybody can have a bad interview " N. J. the New Jersey Governor said , pointing out that Trump had not only Trump’s David Duke before the David Duke and after the CNN interview . N. J. the New Jersey Governor the CNN interview Mitt Romney ’s speech earlier in the day , pointing out that N. J. the New Jersey Governor disagreed with the former governor of Massachusetts even though they were friends . " I totally disagree , because I know Donald Trump and he ’s not a bigot , " Donald Trump said , asserting that he had known Trump for years . Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump someone I think   Donald Trump given opportunity to a lot of people of a lot of different backgrounds . " He also suggested that by failing to endorse Donald Trump candidate himself , Romney was n’t being sincere . " I have great respect for Gov. Romney , and I ’m sure that Romney Romney in the race who wish that you know , he would make an endorsement soon , " he Romney . " But he has chosen not Romney do that . " Romney criticized all Republicans who were critical of Trump Romney without standing up to endorse a candidate themselves . The Republican leaders who failed to stand up and endorse a candidate , he pointed out , were among the ones that Romney the loudest that Trump was the only one left . " I Trump n’t think Republicans do well , by telling the voters they ’re wrong , " Christie said . " the voters mean I just do n’t understand this . " He also pointed to conservative media outlets who criticized Romney , noting that they would " ultimately come Romney board " with conservative media outlets who criticized him notion that Trump could beat Hillary Clinton . " I ’m Trump a little bit ahead of them , " he said . Christie also pointed conservative media outlets who criticized him that he Romney not about Christie endorse a first term Romney for president and criticized Marco Rubio for mocking Trump personally . " I do n’t agree with Trump Rubio standing up and referencing the size of Marco Rubio hands , as a qualification for president of the United States , " he said . " I do n’t think that ’s Marco Rubio presidential . " Christie also discussed at length the fate of his Christie presidential campaign , at one point saying Christie without Trump getting in the race , he would be Trump nominee . He said he Christie " no regrets " about Christie own Christie , only that he had n’t Christie more money . The size Christie the field , Christie said , was partially to blame for not allowing any of the governors to succeed . Governor Jeb Bush , he explained , weakened the campaigns of other governors in Governor Jeb Bush race , by sucking up all the donor money in the race . " He lasted one more race than the race , " Governor Jeb Bush Christie referring to the enormous amount of money wasted on Bush ’s campaign . 
 Governor Jeb Bush Governor Jeb Bush 