Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump unveiled plans Monday for Donald Trump first 100 days in office , including proposals related to immigration , trade deals and defense policy , using a video published online to briefly outline Donald Trump proposals . Donald Trump promised to withdraw from negotiations on the    Partnership trade deal , cancel environmental restrictions put in place by President Barack Obama , ask Donald Trump national security team to buttress against infrastructure attacks , have the Labor Department investigate federal worker visas and impose broad new bans on lobbying by government employees .   The six items Donald Trump detailed Monday are all somewhat easy lifts inside Washington     because The six items Trump detailed Monday can be done with a simple signature by Donald Trump and do not require congressional approval .   But Donald Trump also left out Donald Trump biggest campaign promises     including promises to build a wall along the Mexican border , establish a " deportation force , " place new restrictions on immigration from some majority Muslim countries , repeal Obamacare and spend $ 1 trillion on infrastructure .   Unlike Donald Trump items unveiled Monday , those measures would require the approval of Congress and are likely to take significantly more work .   Time and speed are very likely to be key factors as the new president looks for bigger , more durable wins in the new president first year . Republicans control the House and Senate , as well as the White House     but Democrats struggled to pass key items , like Obamacare , when Democrats were in a similar position eight years ago . Republicans hold a firm majority in the White House     , but could struggle in the Senate , where Democrats will hold 48 seats next year , enough to blockade Trump measures . Trump cast his Trump as completely focused on American workers .   " Whether it ’s producing steel , building cars , or curing disease , I want the next generation of production and innovation to happen right here , in our great homeland : America     creating wealth and jobs for American workers , " Trump said in the       video statement .   " As part of this plan , I ’ve asked my transition team to develop a list of executive actions we can take on day one to restore our we and bring back our we . " Among his first actions , the Republican said he his " issue our the Republican of intent to withdraw from the Transpacific Partnership " and replace it our notification of intent to withdraw from the Transpacific Partnership negotiating " fair bilateral trade deals . "   Trump campaigned on a promise to halt the progress of the TPP trade deal , an agreement President Barack Obama had hoped would be a part of his President Barack Obama ’s trade legacy .   Some of the first international reaction came from Japan ’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . " The TPP without the United States is meaningless , " he Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during a press conference at the APEC summit in Peru on Monday . " Renegotiation is impossible , because the The TPP without the United States collapse the the United States benefit , " Abe Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , according to a translator .   " As for the policy of the new US government , I do n’t want to discuss with any assumption . "   On immigration , Trump promised to " investigate all abuses of visa programs that undercut the American worker , " but did not mention his signature campaign promise of building a wall Trump the US border with Mexico .   The items are all measures he broadly campaigned on , though Trump has Trump moderating some of the toughest Trump he took on the campaign trail . In Trump interview with " 60 Minutes , " he said that he would likely keep key Trump of Obamacare Trump   And not long after his election win , his campaign took down Trump web page with Trump earlier promise to ban all Muslims from Trump the country     he has since moderated that view greatly , Trump left major questions on how precisely he would limit immigration . 
 Trump 