Cristina Marcos and Scott Wong report in The Hill:[Conservative Republicans ripped the GOP establishment on Wednesday for South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley ’s criticism of Donald Trump . A day after President Obama ’s State of the Union address , more people were talking about South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley GOP response   —    and her South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley that Republicans not " follow the siren call of the angriest voices "   —    than anything the president said . Many interpreted Haley South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley of Trump as an attack by the GOP establishment on the outsider candidates who have turned the party ’s primary race and conventional political thinking upside down . " I think the establishment the GOP establishment on the outsider candidates who have turned the party’s primary race and conventional political thinking upside down quit bashing Donald Trump as much and listen to what he ’s saying Donald Trump " said Rep. Jeff Duncan ( . C. ) a member of the conservative Freedom Caucus who has n’t endorsed anyone in the presidential primary . " Because some of the things he ’s saying Donald Trump resonating with the American people , or he would n’t Donald Trump at the percentages of the polls that he is . Donald Trump Haley was invited by Speaker Paul Ryan ( . ) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch   McConnell ( . ) to deliver the address , though Ryan ’s office Speaker Paul Ryan ( had little input Ryan’s office its content . In Ryan’s office speech , Haley said Republicans Haley partly to blame for Washington ’s dysfunction . [   …     ] Haley , seen by many as a potential vice presidential pick for the GOP , acknowledged her comments were aimed her at Trump . In an interview with local reporters , she said the Republican her   ’s call for a temporary ban on Muslim immigrants compelled her to speak out her " You know , the one thing that got me I think was when he started saying ban all Muslims , " said Haley . " We ’ve never in the history of this country passed any laws or done anything based on race or religion . Let ’s not start that now . " At the same time , Haley said her comments Haley n’t Haley just at Trump and that she had differences with Haley GOP presidential candidates as well . " You know , Jeb Bush passed Common Core , and Marco Rubio believes in amnesty , which I do n’t . There ’s lots of things , " Haley said . Read Haley rest here . 
 