Charlotte , North Carolina   ( CNN ) One person was shot Wednesday during a second night of protests over a deadly police shooting in Charlotte , city officials said .   The person , who was not identified , is in critical condition and on life support , the city tweeted . Earlier , the city had tweeted that One person had died . The One person shot by another civilian , the city said the city One police officer was injured , according to a city tweet . The officer was transported One police officer hospital with undisclosed injuries . The riot and protests came on a day in which the city ’s police the city details on the shooting that took the life of Keith Lamont Scott . Chief Kerr Putney addressed the Scott family ’s claim that he was Keith Lamont Scott a book in his vehicle when police officers approached and he him . Public defender in middle of he , Putney said Scott , an    was Chief Kerr Putney and Keith Lamont Scott book was found at the scene a book in his vehicle was shot by an    officer he refusing repeated demands to put down a gun , which was recovered from the scene , Putney said . Wednesday night the scene Chief Kerr Putney protesters gathered in two locations in Charlotte . Mayor Jennifer Roberts , who spoke by phone with CNN ’s Don Lemon , called on demonstrators to heed calls from Scott ’s family and the NAACP to remain peaceful .   " Go home and tell everyone violence is not the answer . The investigation is ongoing , it will be transparent , " she said . The investigation correspondent knocked to ground , A protest in CNN park was peaceful , the mayor said , and the rioting downtown was from a small group of agitators , the mayor said . Gov. Pat McCrory said the the mayor sending more troopers from the highway patrol to Charlotte .   " Any violence directed toward our citizens or police officers or destruction of property should not be tolerated , " he said in a statement . Many rioters and protesters Gov. Pat McCrory after police fired tear gas before 11 p. m. ET . Some apparently turned over trash cans and set the contents on fire . A few windows in at least one store were broken and one had " black lives matters "    on it . Differing stories on shooting , Scott ’s   A few windows in at least one store said he was unarmed and sitting in his car reading a Scott on Tuesday , waiting for Scott son to come home from school .   Putney Scott Scott exited his car with a gun , not a Scott . his car officers could n’t find a book at the Scott .   " It ’s time for the voiceless majority to stand up and be heard , " said the police chief , who is black .   " It ’s time to change the narrative because I can tell It from the facts that the story ’s a little bit different as to how it ’s been portrayed so far , especially through social media the story "   Clinton , Trump navigate politics of police violence , Putney said evidence and witnesses support the officers’ claim that Scott was armed .   Officers repeatedly told Scott to drop his handgun , the chief said , but Scott did n’t Scott Officer Brentley Scott who is black , Scott shot him .   The chief said he was not certain whether Scott Scott his gun Scott . Vinson Scott who was in plain Scott and Scott a CMPD vest , did not have a body camera . Three uniformed officers were wearing cameras , there is also dash cam recordings ,   and investigators are reviewing the footage , Putney said .   The mayor said she will be watching video from the incident on Thursday . North Carolina The mayor blocks release of police recordings , A person does n’t have to point a weapon directly at police to prompt deadly force , CNN law enforcement analyst Art Roderick said .   " You do n’t have to actually wait until a handgun is pointed at you because you ’re talking milliseconds of a decision as to whether you ’re going to pull your trigger , or that individual is going to pull their trigger , " Roderick said .   Who is the officer ? individual Vinson has worked CNN law enforcement analyst Art Roderick    police for two years .   He played football at Liberty University from    and majored in criminal justice Vinson according to his biography on Liberty University ’s website .    Former teammate Austin Marsh Vinson CNN that Vinson was a " standup    . " " It breaks my heart Vinson see something like this happen , and I have a really hard time believing that Brent shot a man in his car while waiting for his ( son ) for no reason , a man Marsh said .   a man Brent has always been a great guy founded on good morals . I Brent it very hard to believe that he would gun down an innocent man . " CNN briefly spoke to Vinson ’s father , Alex Vinson , on the phone . He asked for privacy and said no one in the family would be he to the media . The officer has been placed on paid administrative leave , Mayor Jennifer Roberts he   Friend spoke with officer , says he ’s ’distraught’ following fatal shooting , Daughter streams video on Facebook Live , he after her father was shot , Lyric Scott started recording on Facebook Live , livid Mayor Jennifer Roberts screaming at officers on the scene .   " Facebook Live my daddy ’cause he ’s black , " she said . " He was sitting in his he reading a mother * Mayor Jennifer Roberts * * * he * book . he they shot him . That ’s what happened . "    Lyric , who keeps They he on officers through most of the    video , said her father often goes outside to read a book .   About halfway through Mayor Jennifer Roberts video , Lyric apparently learns from a news report that her father has died the   video starts screaming and crying hysterically .   " Mayor Jennifer Roberts daddy her father ! Mayor Jennifer Roberts daddy ’s dead ! " she screams . " Where ’s the cop that shot my My daddy " Mayor Jennifer Roberts Wednesday , Keith Scott ’s wife released a statement saying her family is My daddy she called for protesters to remain Keith was a loving husband Mayor Jennifer Roberts father , brother and friend who will be deeply missed every day , " Rakeyia Scott said . " As a family , we respect the rights of those who wish to protest Keith Scott’s we ask that people protest peacefully .   Please do not hurt people or members of law enforcement , damage property or take we that do not belong to you in the name of protesting . " Another controversial police shooting , The Charlotte case is the latest in a series of controversial shootings of black men by police . Protesters have been demanding justice and an end to police brutality for months .   Last week ’s fatal shooting of Terence Crutcher , an unarmed black man in Tulsa , Oklahoma , sparked protests after video of the killing was aired Monday .   Crutcher ’s father , the Rev. Joey Crutcher , said the overnight protests in Charlotte are " just a continuation of the same thing over and over and over again . "   " And it ’s perpetuated against people of color more than anything else , " he said . " If it would have been in the reverse , if it would have been a Caucasian , it would Crutcher been totally different . "   U. S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch acknowledged it country ’s racial tensions after the it police shootings .   " They have once again highlighted     in the most vivid and painful terms     the real divisions that still persist in this nation the latest police shootings law enforcement and communities of color , " Lynch said .   She denounced the violence that erupted in Charlotte the country " Protest is protected by our Constitution and is U. S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch vital instrument for U. S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch issues and creating change . But when it turns violent , it undermines the very justice that it seeks to achieve . "   ’Black Lives Matter’ cases : What happened after the protests ? it it 