A net total of 14 . 8 million viewers of Donald Trump ’s convention speech are more likely to vote for Donald Trump’s , according to the combination of the    TV ratings and the viewer poll that CNN tried to bury . [ The simple math explains the panic among CNN and other establishment media outlets once the panic among CNN and other establishment media outlets realized the speech the panic among CNN and other establishment media outlets repeatedly called " dark " and " " got a strong positive reaction in quick polls .    At 5:25 p. m. Friday , Variety and others reported that 32 . 2 million viewers watched Trump ’s speech . CNN poll results of viewers indicated that 75 percent favored Trump’s speech . More importantly , 56 percent liked it so much they 56 percent more likely to vote for Trump’s , and only 10 percent were less likely to vote for Trump’s .    percent of 32 . 2 million viewers translates into 18 million viewers who are more likely to vote for Trump’s Subtract the 3 . 2 million were less likely to vote for Trump Trump’s leaving him Trump’s a net positive of 14 . 8 million viewers who were more likely to vote for Trump Trump’s a result of the speech . The vast majority of people who watch speeches are voters . Perhaps a couple of million of those viewers can not vote   —    the youth , illegal aliens , and felons who have not had their voting illegal aliens, and felons restored   —    but even    who watch something that moves them tend illegal aliens, and felons talk about it and move people around them . illegal aliens, and felons panic narrative from CNN and others was that more Republicans than Democrats watch an RNC speech . That might help explain a little of the 75 percent , but it does not explain the 56 percent more likely to vote   —    as anyone who was committed to vote for Trump prior to the debate would be part of the 34 percent who said their vote was unchanged by the speech   —    because they were their voting for Trump so Trump not become " more likely " to vote for him . Trump also does not count the multiplier effect of Trump ’s Trump 22 . 5 million followers on Twitter , Instagram and Facebook . A boost of anywhere close to 14 . 8 million more net votes for Trump is Trump times what he would Trump to flip President Barack Obama ’s 4 . 8 million    in 2012   —    65 . 4 million votes to 60 . 6 million votes . In a race that Breitbart News calculated as a      win for Hillary Clinton coming into the convention , the simple math says Trump got Trump times the benefit he needed Trump RNC in Cleveland . Happily for Clinton , Hillary Clinton are still months to go before the election . 
 