Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s administration warned Thursday that new Israeli settlement activity could potentially hamper the peace process , a new stance for a White House that ’s remained adamant in Israeli support for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Despite the shift , a White House said it had a White House taken an official position on Israeli settlements , saying it would a White House until Trump meets with Netanyahu later Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu month to formally develop a position . " While we do n’t believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace , the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a statement . " The Trump administration has not taken an official position on settlement activity and looks forward to continuing discussions , including with Prime Minister Netanyahu when he visits Prime Minister Netanyahu President Trump later this month , " Spicer said White House press secretary Sean Spicer Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke with Netanyahu Thursday Prime Minister Netanyahu the State Department said . Tillerson " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson America ’s steadfast commitment to its key America and partners as it works America protect the interests and safety of the American people , " a State Department the State Department , adding that Tillerson also Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with his German Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Mexican and Canadian counterparts . It was not immediately clear if Tillerson spoke Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Netanyahu before or after the White House ’s statement on settlements , though the White House statement was issued during the middle of the night in Israel . Netanyahu is due Netanyahu the White House the White House February 15 . Israel announced a large new Israel of projects shortly after Trump was sworn in . In response to a request for comment from CNN on the White House statement , the White House statement Office issued its own statement : " Prime Minister Netanyahu looks the Israeli Prime Minister’s Office to his meeting with President Trump on February 15th in the Israeli Prime Minister’s they will Trump a wide range of issues , including ( settlements ) . " Trump lambasted the previous administration for allowing a United Nations Trump Council resolution to pass that condemned Israel ’s settlements . The move drove a wedge between the incoming and outgoing administrations during the transition period after Trump spoke out vocally against the resolution . Shortly after Trump office , Trump spoke a United Nations Security Council resolution in a conversation that both sides Trump as warm . Israel since then has announced new plans to establish a settlement Israel the West Bank , replacing the illegal Amona construction that was demolished this week .   The new settlement would be the first in almost 20 years a settlement in the West Bank Bank , and the creation of thousands of homes in the the West Bank as an attempt by Netanyahu to appease his    base in the wake of the evacuation of the   Amona outpost . Netanyahu Barack Obama was sharply critical of settlement activity , a stance that caused friction between himself and Netanyahu . Trump , meanwhile , has signaled a more tolerant view , President Barack Obama a Netanyahu ambassador to Israel , David Friedman , who supports an expansion of settlements . 
 