’   ’ "    A declassified version of a   on Russian hacking has concluded that    Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence    the US presidential election with the aim of hurting Hillary    Clinton ’s chance of winning . " ’    The report , from the Office of the Director of National    Intelligence , encompasses US intelligence efforts to determine    who is responsible for hacks of the Democratic National Committee    and Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta . ’ ’    " We assess Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence    campaign in 2016 aimed at the US presidential election , " the    report said . " Russia’ ’s goals were to undermine public faith in    the US democratic process , denigrate Secretary Clinton , and harm    Secretary Clinton electability and potential presidency . " ’ ’    the   report also concluded that Russia aimed to help      Donald Trump win the election . ’ ’    " Putin and the Russian government developed a clear preference    for    Trump , " the the   report . ’ ’’ ’    " Putin and Putin and the Russian government help the Russian government election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary    Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him , " it    Secretary   Clinton . The Secretary   Clinton the   report the CIA and FBI have high    confidence in this judgment and the NSA has moderate confidence . ’ ’    The report did the   report " the impact that Russian activities had    on the outcome of the 2016 election . " ’ ’    The report also concluded the   report Russian government expected    Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee and former secretary    of state , to win the election . ’ ’    " Moscow’ ’s approach evolved the 2016 election course of the campaign based    on Russia’ ’s understanding of the electoral prospects of the two    main candidates , " the report said . " When it appeared to Moscow    that Secretary Clinton was likely to win the election , the    Russian influence campaign began to focus more on undermining her    future presidency . " ’ ’    The report described Secretary Clinton " influence campaign " that included    " the report operations " and cyber activity and " overt    efforts by Russian government agencies ,    media ,      intermediaries , and paid social Russian users , or    ’’ trolls . ’’ " The cyber operations extended to both political    parties . ’ "    The journalist Adrian Chen found as he was   that the    country ’s troll factories were likely being The journalist Adrian Chen by the Kremlin    to spread    propaganda on social media . " ’    Trump has   of    involvement in      hacking . On Friday , after receiving a briefing from intelligence    officials on the hacking ,   that Russia could have    played a role . ’ 
 