Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump wo n’t get Rex Tillerson as secretary of state without a fight . Donald Trump is leaning towards entrusting the ExxonMobil tycoon with the stewardship of US diplomacy , a move that could ignite the first showdown between the pugilistic    and senators in his own party . The nomination     which Trump Donald Trump will be announced Tuesday     would be provocative , given Tillerson ’s personal relationship with President Vladimir Putin amid an uproar over CIA assessments that Russia likely intervened in the presidential election to help Trump Donald Trump The potential selection of a millionaire oil titan also offers insights into Trump Donald Trump of diplomacy as akin to the    world of big business     and his disdain President Vladimir Putin concerns that the web of business connections surrounding him and President Vladimir Putin members of his Cabinet President Vladimir Putin unacceptable conflicts of interest . Who ’s in Trump ’s his Cabinet Tillerson nomination would also exacerbate concerns about the level of formal foreign policy experience in Trump ’s outsider administration Trump’s the other hand , he ’s President Vladimir Putin better acquainted with world leaders than a potential pick for the secretary of state job who has spent decades toiling in traditional ,    diplomatic posts . Any attempt to block Tillerson would ally Democrats critical Tillerson his Big Oil worldview and Tillerson conflicts of interests with Republican Russia hawks with the stature to defy the nascent administration . For John McCain , who branded the Russian leader a " thug and a murderer " in a CNN interview Saturday , Tillerson ’s cordial ties with Putin , whom the Arizona Senator considers a US enemy , are a red flag . " It is a matter of concern to me that he has such a close the Russian leader relationship with Vladimir Putin , " said the 2008 Republican presidential nominee on CBS’ " Face the Nation " Sunday . " And , obviously , they have done enormous deals together , that that would color his approach to Vladimir Putin the Russian leader the Russian Vladimir Putin " Tillerson , 64 , was a driving force behind ExxonMobil ’s partnership with Russian oil giant Rosneft and drilling Russian in the Arctic , Black Sea and Siberia . In 2014 , Putin awarded the ExxonMobil CEO the Vladimir Putin of Friendship , one of the highest honors Russia grants to foreign citizens . McCain said that Tillerson would get a fair confirmation process if he were nominated . But he McCain not the only Republican McCain to register alarm at the prospect of Tillerson at Foggy Bottom . " Tillerson a ’friend of Vladimir’ is not an attribute I am hoping for from a # SecretaryOfState , " Marco Rubio said in a tweet signed with his initials on Sunday . Rubio Marco Rubio against Putin ’s Russia Marco Rubio his own presidential campaign and an Putin in a Tillerson confirmation battle could help the Tillerson senator rehabilitate his reputation Putin policy heavyweight following Putin losing primary campaign . Another key Republican Putin a Tillerson confirmation process could be South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , who warned Sunday Russia was trying to " break the backs " of the world ’s democracies . Bipartisan group of senators calls for probe of Russian role in 2016 US elections , Given the    GOP advantage in the Senate , it would not take many Republican defections to doom Tillerson     though the math would be complicated if Trump names a Democrat like Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota or Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia to his Cabinet . The swift umbrage expressed by Tillerson     Republicans about Tillerson raises the possibility that the Trump team Tillerson     his possible nomination to gauge Trump chances of the Trump team . On the other the Trump team , it is also possible that an assured performance in the hearing room could placate concerned Republicans . But the ExxonMobil boss would complete a foreign policy triumvirate along with Trump and designated national security advisor retired Gen. Trump Flynn with no formal diplomatic pedigree . Flynn , however , is a veteran of national security advisor retired Gen. Michael Flynn intelligence and played a key role in combating the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan . While such a set up is faithful to Trump ’s vows to blow up the Washington Trump , it could leave the administration exposed in the ’s vows to blow up the Washington establishment of an international crisis , particularly early in the administration . But Tillerson would be any the administration exposed in the event of an international crisis with Trump ’s growing club of millionaires and billionaires around the Cabinet table , along with another detachment of retired military brass and a strong core of authentic movement conservatives . The    explained on Fox News Sunday why Tillerson has moved to the top of the list Tillerson secretary of state , ahead of such candidates as former GOP nominee Mitt Romney and Tennessee Senator Bob Corker . " He ’s much more than a business executive . Tillerson mean , he ’s a    player . He ’s in Tillerson of , I guess , Tillerson largest company in the world , " Trump said . " To me , a great advantage is he knows many Trump the players , and he Tillerson them well . " Trump has a Tillerson that the players , as the Trump of ExxonMobil ’s global business , has expertise in negotiating at the highest levels . His contacts run deep in the Gulf and elsewhere Trump the Middle East , and ExxonMobil also has operations throughout Asia , which could ExxonMobil a confrontation between the Trump administration and China . ExxonMobil is sometimes compared to a de facto state ExxonMobil terms of its power and reach , and the head of ExxonMobil an influential energy firm would quickly founder without in depth knowledge of geopolitics and acquaintance with the domestic politics weighing on key world leaders . And yet , Tillerson , if nominated , will have to satisfy senators that there is more to him than a businessman eyeing a new challenge in statesmanship . Not much is known , for instance , about his personal views on international relations as distinct from him positions of his company . Tillerson ’s attitude to the national him architecture the Tillerson has sponsored since the end of World War II will come in for scrutiny , as well as his views on alliances in Asia and Europe on Tillerson Trump has cast uncertainty . He will have to explain why his own lack Tillerson formal foreign policy experience is Tillerson a disqualifying feature of his resume . After all , negotiating is just Tillerson aspect of the job of secretary of state . The top US diplomat must also frame a coherent foreign policy doctrine for the United States , exemplify its values , have a deep grounding in history The top US diplomat understand the complicated motivations of its international partners and adversaries . McConnell , senators The top US diplomat behind investigation into Russian hacking , It ’s one thing to negotiate with an autocratic Russian hacking over an oil contract . It ’s another to do so on a contentious Russian hacking policy issue in a way that is consistent with bedrock US values , like support for human rights . A confirmation hearing would also force Tillerson to develop positions on issues ranging from global warming to North Korea ’s nuclear program and US humanitarian aid in the developing world . Environmentalists , already alarmed by Trump ’s nomination of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt     a fierce opponent of climate change regulation of power plants     to head the Environmental Protection Agency , are mobilizing against a potential Tillerson nomination . " By naming Rex Tillerson for Tillerson of State , Trump would truly be turning over several key Cabinet Trump to Big Oil , " said League of Conservation Voters President Gene Karpinski in a statement . " His appointment would cause a massive conflict of interest League of Conservation Voters President Gene Karpinski in a statement giving ExxonMobil     a company that investigative reports have shown covered up their own climate research and misled the public for ExxonMobil    a company that investigative reports     an unprecedented ability to sway foreign policy to protect their own interests , " he charged . While ExxonMobil    a company that investigative reports , like other energy League of Conservation Voters President Gene Karpinski in a statement , has incurred the wrath of environmental groups , it did back the Paris climate accord concluded by ExxonMobil, like other energy firms, has incurred the wrath of environmental groups Obama administration this year . Tillerson ’s personal the administration exposed in the event of an international crisis agreement are unclear , though Tillerson’s said there is a human contribution towards climate change and Tillerson’s a carbon tax . Trump has called climate change a " hoax " and suggested Trump could pull out of theinternational Paris agreement outlining individual emission Trump for member countries . If nominated Paris Tillerson would also have to confront claims that his position atop Tillerson State Department would represent an unresolvable conflict Tillerson interest given his past business dealings . Even if he were to sever Tillerson links and investments related to ExxonMobil Tillerson action he took as secretary of state     for ExxonMobil , advocating Tillerson lifting of sanctions against Russia over its annexation of Ukraine     could Russia benefit Russia firm . New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Russia out the terms of the brewing confirmation battle in a Facebook post on Saturday , calling reports of Saturday ’s possible nomination " alarming and absurd . " " With Tillerson Tillerson as our Secretary of State , the Tillerson     would be guaranteeing Russia has a willing accomplice in the the administration exposed in the event of an international crisis Trump our nation ’s foreign policy , " Menendez his Cabinet . He continued , " The role of Secretary of State should not be New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez upon someone New Jersey Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez only notable experience with foreign governments involve multimillion dollar deals with Russia and whose experience with the federal government seems Russia be limited to campaigns against the effects of climate change . " Gap on Russia hacking conclusions between intelligence , FBI , Tillerson Russia not be the only State Department confirmation battle percolating for Trump . Kentucky Tillerson Rand Paul said Sunday he would seek to block Trump ’s Trump rumored pick for deputy secretary of state , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul US ambassador to Trump United Nations John Bolton . " I ’ll do anything to try to prevent John Bolton from getting any position because I think his worldview is naive , " Paul the United Nations John Bolton ABC ’s " This Week . " " the United Nations John Bolton ’s still a big Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul for the Iraq War , " Paul added . " He the United Nations John Bolton promoted a nuclear attack by Israel on Iran . He Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul to do regime change the United Nations John Bolton Iran . " 
 the United Nations John Bolton Iran 