’   ’ "    Recent months have seen the Mexican government of Enrique Peña    Nieto   who has    besmirched Mexican immigrants in the US and promised a variety of    retaliatory measures against the US ’s southern neighbor . " "    But Trump ’s attacks are just the international dimension of the    problems facing Peña Nieto , Trump’s government , and Trump’s      Institutional Revolutionary Party . " ’    At home , Trump’s government and his     Institutional Revolutionary Party have made policy missteps    and become embroiled in a number of scandals , involving graft and    corruption   —    messes of their own creation . ’ ’    Peña Nieto was   upon taking office in December    2012 for a    term , called a sexenio . ’ "    He   pursuing reform packages    addressing Mexico ’s telecommunications and oil industries .    Moreover , the first two years of his He saw steady declines in    deadly violence , which had hit shocking peaks during the final    years of his He ’s term . " "    That decline in homicides has seen a sharp reversal , however , and      incidents like   have undercut    the Peña Nieto government ’s claim to a sound security strategy . " ’   ’ ’    Between 2012 and 2013 , homicide cases , as measured by the    National Public Security System , fell 15 . 7 % and then dipped 14 . 6 %    between 2013 and 2014 . ’ ’    But from 2014 to 2015 , total homicide cases ticked up 8 . 8 % and    2016 is on pace to see 20 . 2 % more homicide cases than 2015 . ’ ’ ’    official data on violence is shaped by political concerns    at the state and federal levels , the figures reported may well    understate the number of homicides in Mexico over the last    several years . ’ ’   ’ ’    " W ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Peña Nieto ’s personal dealings while in office have also inspired    criticism . " "    The   that broke in late 2014    found the president ’s family buying an upscale home in Mexico    City Mexico favorable terms from a government contractor run by Peña    Nieto ’s longtime friend . " "    With that and other   Peña Nieto was Peña   Nieto’s longtime friend to appoint someone to investigate his government ’s    someone conflicts of interest . He chose a man someone was   a friend to him and his finance someone minister someone creating another conflict of interest . " ’    That appointee found   a verdict greeted by Mexicans    with dismay but little surprise . ’ ’   ’ "    Peña Nieto has also drawn heat for his more recent legal   Peña Nieto maneuvers . In November , Mexico ’s senate approved Raul Cervantes    to be the country ’s attorney general . " ’    Cervantes , a PRI member , was the party’ ’s legal counsel , and    " h ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Cervantes was approved for the position as the office was     into an independent prosecutor ’s    position . " "    In that role , Cervantes would serve for Cervantes years , and he    could n’t Cervantes fired by the president   —    Peña Nieto or whoever    succeeds him in 2018 . Cervantes ’    Given those circumstances , the appointment was seen as another    effort by the PRI to shield itself from legal recourse the PRI ’ ’    " Peña Nieto wants somebody   Peña Nieto protect his interests and    not   Peña Nieto forward on investigations , particularly PRI governors ,    PRI the PRI officials , the PRI the PRI ’ ’    " And that is one of the main reasons there’ ’s some skepticism and    concerns within the     of    Mexican attorney    general’ ’s office , " Vigil added . ’ "    Peña Nieto backed down at the end of November ,   that would empower the    senate to appoint the country ’s first independent prosecutor . " "    Peña Nieto ’s approval ratings have   Peña Nieto first three years    in office ,   Peña Nieto by his missteps at home and abroad .      Peña Nieto the PRI ’s    wounds have    all come from       matters . " ’   ’       A number of the PRI ’s state governors have been implicated in    corruption schemes and other misdeeds . Several    them have gone    on the run .   corruption schemes and other misdeeds ’ governor    the    northeastern state of Tamaulipas from 1999 to 2004 , is accused of    profiting from the network of the Gulf    , which funneled    cocaine to the US for much of the 2000s . Yarrington was indicted    in the US on a number of charges , the US has been on the run    since 2012 Yarrington ’ ’   ’ ’ the governor of northern    Coahuila state from 2005 to 2011 and a former president of the    PRI , was   early this year on    suspicion of    and embezzlement . ’ ’    Moreira ,    has never been formally charged , was released by    Spanish authorities a week after his arrest .    ’    US authorities seized a property in Texas registered to Moreira’ ’s    mother in relation to an   " into millions of dollars that    were reportedly stolen form the coffers " of Coahuila . ’ ’    This week , Moreira   —    whose brother , Rubén , is currently governor    of Coahuila   —     that he was looking to Coahuila for a    local deputy position next year ; a position that comes with     from arrest . ’ ’    But in the gallery of PRI officeholders accused or convicted of    graft and corruption , Javier Duarte , the PRI governor of Veracruz    from 2010 until October this year , stands out . ’ "    A still unfolding investigation mounted by Mexican news site    Animal Politico has uncovered millions of dollars in missing    federally allocated funds and   that Duarte ’s administration funneled    $ 35 million to shell companies , in addition to numerous   in Mexico and abroad acquired by    Duarte himself . " ’   ’ "    Duarte’s , the Mexican attorney general ’s office said it would    begin an investigation of Duarte . That the Mexican attorney general’s office month    the PRI     of   Duarte himself membership rights   —    the     in the PRI ’s history that it had    done so . " ’    On the party 12 , Duarte stepped down from his governorship to fight    what   Duarte himself called a "   Duarte himself against him .    ’   Duarte himself At the end of that   Duarte himself , the PRI   him . ’ ’    In November , Duarte then   Duarte himself the state , and possibly Mexico and   Duarte himself remains on the lamb ( though new posts   on his Facebook page this month ) . ’ ’      Duarte himself Mexican government issued a   for his arrest and offered a nearly     for information leading   Duarte himself    his capture . ’ ’    Duarte was hailed a   Duarte himself of " " and as part of " " in Mexico in      by Peña Nieto , a presidential candidate at the time . ’ ’    And Duarte   —    along with   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    " The PRI has been in existence since 1929 and they controlled    Mexican politics from 1929 to 2000 , The PRI Vigil told Business Insider ,    Vigil and unfortunately the country under the PRI has just been    completely muddled in heavy The PRI " ’ ’      ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    A November   found Margarita Zavala of the    conservative National Action Party as the leading candidate for    Mexico ’s 2018 presidential elections , with the support of 30 % of    respondents , leading the 25 % of Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador ( who    may ) of    the leftist Morena party and the 16 % of PRI candidate Miguel    Angel Osorio Chong . " ’   ’ ’    In     matchups in   Zavala led Lopez Obrador , 53 %    to 37 % and Osorio Chong , 58 % to 27 % while Lopez Obrador topped    Osorio Chong 48 % to 38 % . ’ ’    " The government has aided López Obrador ’s ’ ’    The Mexican government feet on anticorruption reforms and failing to prosecute theft The Mexican government    its governors , " Shannon O’’Neil , senior fellow for Latin America    at    Council on Foreign Relations ,   in September . ’ ’    " Unless the government changes September in the next two years ,    The Mexican government could become Mexico ’s next president , " she added . ’ López Obrador López Obrador think the PRI is learning in this sexenio is ’ ’    able to function as effectively the PRI controlling the political    situation and controlling what happens in terms of policy    outcomes as they were when they had a monopoly , " the PRI told    the PRI Insider . ’ ’    " They’’re learning that as powerful and as strong as the party is ,    ’ ’    it is the the party dominant party of Mexico , but    they are not the hegemonic party , Mexico monopolistic party . " ’ 
    the still the dominant party of Mexico 