Newark , New Jersey ( CNN ) Sylvia Mathews Burwell is issuing a grave warning to Republicans : Repealing Obamacare will result in " chaos . " Burwell , President Barack Obama ’s secretary of Health and Human Services , told CNN Wednesday that dismantling the Affordable Care Act will hit millions of Americans’ healthcare coverage , result in a spike in premiums and unleash widespread uncertainty across the insurance market .   ’s secretary of Health and Human Services ’s sober remarks came five weeks after Donald Trump ’s Election Night victory   —    an unexpected outcome that has suddenly handed the Republican Party an opening to overhaul Obama ’s signature policy accomplishment . In anticipation of Trump Donald Trump on January 20 , GOP lawmakers are preparing to vote to repeal key portions of Obamacare early next month .   " If there is repeal , there would be chaos , " Burwell said in an interview at a diner in Newark , New Jersey . " If your child is on your policy ’til 26 , and it ’s your child , that goes away . If you have a    condition     asthma , cancer , diabetes , high blood pressure , any of those things     you could be kept off of insurance if you had to make a move or a transition or were unemployed for a portion of time . " She added : " The 20 million folks who have gotten insurance     that would go away too . " That 20 million figure is the estimated net increase of individuals insured through Obamacare . Many policy experts agree with Burwell that the law , now almost   seven years old , is so massive and complicated that rolling it back would inevitably be a messy and disruptive process .   4 million people sign up for Obamacare as Obamacare nears , Burwell cautioned Burwell even a partial repeal would have a domino effect on the entire health care system , and that coming up with a replacement is a massive endeavor . " It is a difficult task and our system is one where when you move one piece , it ’s one piece to another piece , " she said Burwell " It ’s one piece a Jenga puzzle . And if you pull a piece out , you can make the thing tumble . " To counter these concerns , Republican lawmakers have suggested putting off when the repeal would go into effect by as many as three years     a plan that has been dubbed " repeal and delay " in Washington .   House Speaker Paul Ryan , a fierce critic of Obamacare , has pointed to that hypothetical transition period as a way to ensure that nobody is " worse off " after repeal .   Burwell replied : " ’repeal and delay’ is a repeal and recipe for collapse . " " Insurance companies have to make their decisions Insurance companies the first half of the year     whether or not they ’re Insurance companies to be in the marketplace and what prices they ’re Insurance companies to charge , " she said Burwell " With that level of uncertainty , we ’ve seen studies and more and more analysis is coming out that what insurance companies will do     many of them     insurance companies make the choice to be out of the marketplace the marketplace to raise their prices dramatically the marketplace or else "   Obamacare chaos : Insurers may flee before new plan is put in place , Trump has nominated Georgia Rep. Tom Price to be Burwell ’s successor at the Department of Health and Human Services . An orthopedic surgeon , the Republican congressman has authored several versions of an Obamacare replacement plan Obamacare is Capitol Hill ’s most outspoken critics of the ACA .   Burwell told CNN Burwell’s she has congratulated Burwell’s on his nomination and Burwell’s her assistance in Burwell’s a smooth transition .   But despite the cordial tone , Burwell nevertheless echoed Burwell’s of her fellow Democrats Burwell’s going after Price ’s Obamacare repeal blueprint . " It actually goes even further than repealing , " she said . Burwell’s Right now , 11 million seniors have benefited $ 23 billion     that ’s something the congressman ’s plan wants to take away . The other thing is , the congressman has the congressman’s Medicare and the    market that would do things that would potentially increase costs for individuals in those markets . " Trump Chief of Staff Priebus promises busy ’first 9 months’ Working with Democratic lawmakers and other Obama administration officials , Burwell has been touring cities on the East Coast this week to encourage Americans to meet this week ’s December this week deadline for coverage beginning on January 1 .   Over cookies and muffins at Tops Diner in Newark on Wednesday , Burwell spoke with several Burwell who said they would not be able several individuals who said they would not be able to afford their current coverage afford their current coverage if not several individuals who said they would not be able to afford their current coverage the Affordable Care Act . David Moyer , a     man from Westwood , New Jersey , says he is a big Burwell of Obamacare . Prior to the law , he said , he Burwell his wife Burwell around Burwell 500 a month for a plan that covered little and had a    deductible of over $ 10 , 000 . Now , he says , the Burwell pays less than he and his wife each month , does n’t have a    for their doctor , pays nothing for he and his wife medicine and has a deductible of $ 1 , 000 each .   Asked how he feels about GOP Burwell to repeal Obamacare , Moyer said , " I wo n’t lie to you and say that it ’s not something that I ’m worried about . I would hope that our lawmakers who represent us would realize the good that our Affordable Care Act has done for people . " 
 