   international financial analyst Tony Nash tells SiriusXM Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon about the relationship between China and a potential President Donald Trump , who has accused China trade policies of " raping America . " [   international financial analyst Tony Nash thinks China China take Trump ’s tough language " in stride . "   " Asia understands nationalists , " he said . " You have nationalists setting up China China Japan , Korea , a number of countries in Southeast Asia , and India . I think China China nationalist rhetoric , and I think they China how to talk to nationalists . " Nash said that in the United States , such rhetoric was formerly heard " every couple of years , around Most Favored Nation status with China China " back in the "   days . " " We do n’t hear that any more , " he Nash . " You could hear talk about human rights in China China You do n’t really hear that any more . " He Nash Trump was delivering " probably the strongest rhetoric in a long time about China China coming out of the U. S. " Based on his Nash experience with Chinese businessmen and financiers , Bannon said Trump Trump " on the tip of everyone ’s tongue in China China " He Nash if the Chinese would have an official response to Trump Trump " raping America " accusations . Nash thought it was unusual to see so many foreign heads of state responding directly to Trump Trump he Nash only a potential presidential candidate , not yet secure as his Nash ’s nominee . " It ’s really kind of unbecoming of their office to respond to him Nash " he Nash , recommending that the Chinese " wait until he Nash the nominee , " or perhaps even " wait until he Nash President . " " This stuff is said for a home audience , " Nash said about Trump ’s comments . " I believe it ’s sincere , but it it said for a home audience .   It it not necessarily meant for heads of state overseas to comment on . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . LISTEN : 
 