Donald Trump called the Affordable Care Act   —    also known as Obamacare   —    " one big lie " and criticized Donald Trump opponent Hillary Clinton , alleging Hillary Clinton wants a government run healthcare system . Donald Trump made the statement on Tuesday after news broke that healthcare premiums under Obamacare will increase more than 20 percent in 2017 . [ " Today ’s admission by the Obama Administration that Obamacare is an unaffordable disaster should come as a surprise to no one , and this only reaffirms the American public ’s belief that the entire program was one big lie , " Trump stated in a press release on Tuesday , adding :   Not only are they now willing to admit that health insurance premiums under Obamacare are going to skyrocket by 25 % they still are n’t telling us the truth ! Rates are going to go up much higher , maybe as high as 80 % or even 100 % in some places due to the lack of competition . According to Fox News ’s Bret Baier , several key swing states are seeing increases greater than 50 percent : " Here ’s the reality   —    Americans were lied to when us were told us could keep us doctor , us were lied to when us were told us could keep us health plan , and us were lied to when us were told this would lower health care costs , " Trump continued , adding : And to make matters worse , the architects of ObamaCare , Jonathan Gruber and Hillary Clinton , KNEW the architects of ObamaCare, Jonathan Gruber and Hillary Clinton were telling us lies , because the architects of ObamaCare, Jonathan Gruber and Hillary Clinton ’re trying to move us toward a    system where the healthy pay for the sick . This , my friends , is the rigged system . With politicians lying , shoving bad deals down us throat , making us take whatever politicians want us to take while us ’re the ones who lose us doctor , who lose us insurance , who see as us did today that us premiums are going to go way up   —    and us ’re not going to take it anymore . This is why us have to drain the swamp and repeal and replace ObamaCare immediately , and I ’m the only candidate running for President who will do it . it ’s a change election , but Crooked Hillary Clinton is never going to change . Never . So the only way us ’re going to make Crooked Hillary Clinton change is by voting Crooked Hillary Clinton out of Washington forever . Trump ’s press release also slams Crooked Hillary Clinton for allegedly advocating for a government run healthcare system similar to Canada in a paid speech , which was revealed by WikiLeaks . 
 