  ( CNN ) Democratic strategist and    Clinton supporter James Carville said Monday if there is a complete shutdown of the Clinton Foundation , people will die . " The press has decided that we ’re going to go after this and shut this down , " Clinton supporter James Carville said . " You are probably going to be successful . There will be people that are going to die because of this . "   Clinton announced that the the Clinton Foundation stop accepting foreign and corporate donations if Hillary   Clinton elected president . The changes to the Foundation ’s donation the Clinton Foundation critics slam Hillary Clinton   Clinton an alleged     operation while at the State Department .   If Clinton wins ,   Clinton says it wo n’t take foreign money , foundation The amounts involved , the favors done and the significant numbers of times it was done require an expedited investigation foundation a special prosecutor immediately , immediately , immediately , " Republican nominee   Donald Trump said in a speech in Akron , Ohio . Carville , who has a new book , " We ’re still right , they ’re still wrong , " defended the Clinton Foundation on " AC360 " by touting its achievements . Foundation becomes campaign issue the Clinton Foundation " The Foundation negotiated drugs prices to lower the Clinton Foundation by 89 percent , " Carville said . " The Clinton Foundation was taking no money for the Clinton Foundation raising money from rich people and giving it to poor people . "   The prominent Democratic money added that in the past , he did n’t criticize Republican leaders for perceived conflicts of The prominent Democratic strategist .   " When George W. Bush was president his daddy was raising money for the Bush library , George W. Bush Carville said . " I thought George W. Bush was fine . When Bob Dole was Majority Leader , Elizabeth Dole was the president of American Red Cross . Bob Dole n’t say anything . "   Trump called the foundation " the most corrupt enterprise in political history " and continued his call to shut it down , calling for a special Trump to investigate Clinton the foundation " time at the State Department .   " All of the people that helped shut it down will say , some people , a million people the foundation " to die , but we had to prove a point , " Carville said . a million people 