On his radio show Wednesday , Glenn Beck blasted Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report and Breitbart News as " nothing but shills " for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , but Glenn Beck stated that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump staff have " proven " he and his staff " not to be shills " for Ted Cruz . [ " Matt Drudge and Breitbart   —    he and his staff ’ll never say it , but he and his staff are nothing but shills for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . I will tell you this : we have proven we not to be shills for Ted Cruz , " Beck said .   The Drudge Report and Breitbart News have not endorsed any candidate in the 2016 GOP primary . Beck has publicly endorsed Ted Cruz , declared Beck " the next George Washington , " and stumped for Beck at campaign rallies in Iowa , South Carolina , Nevada , Arkansas , and Michigan . Beck has proven Beck to be a steadfast supporter of Ted Cruz . After the Texas senator came in a disappointing third place in the South Carolina primary , Beck encouraged his the Texas senator to join him the Texas senator in a fast for Ted Cruz . " Last month , the radio host expressed his belief the Texas senator God allowed Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia to die in order to " wake America up to how close we are to the loss of our freedom we and to the necessity of electing Cruz to name Scalia ’s replacement . The fervor of Beck ’s support for Cruz has Cruz matched only by the vehemence of his opposition Beck Trump . He has Beck the New York real estate mogul   " a pathological narcissistic sociopath " and " a narcissistic psychopath " whose presidency " will lead to civil war or worst . " He has Beck compared Trump to Trump dictator Adolf Hitler , declaring that Trump ’s Trump were " the makings of Adolf Hitler . Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler Sunday on ABC News’ This Week , Beck held Beck a German ballot with Hitler ’s name on Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler a prop to emphasize his comparison Beck the GOP frontrunner to the Nazi leader . He has Beck speculated as to whether Trump , whose daughter converted to Judaism , hates Jews . ( He concluded Beck " I do n’t think [ Trump ] hates Jews . Trump After the Nevada caucus , Beck called Trump supporters " brown shirts " in reference to the infamous Nazi paramilitary group . However , his claims Beck Trump supporters at a Nevada Trump site behaved with Nevada hate and rage " have been contradicted by the    accounts of volunteers at the site who dismissed his comments Beck " hyperbole . " Last year , he accused Beck ’s Tea Party supporters of being racist for opposing President Obama while supporting Trump , who Beck considers to be a leftwing progressive . He has Beck falsely accused the Republican frontrunner of voting for Barack Obama in the 2008 President Obama Trump ’s public endorsement and Trump’s for John McCain . Beck launched into Drudge and Breitbart today Beck a Cruz supporter named Paul called into Paul claimed that Beck lost seven of the last Trump’s states without Rubio in the race . " Below is the full transcript of the response from Beck and his radio   : GLENN BECK Beck This Beck why   — Beck is why , Paul , he is mocking Rubio . He ’s trying to humiliate Rubio . So Paul will appeal Rubio Rubio Paul ego . He ’ll Rubio his ego Paul and try to Rubio him to stay Paul because he Rubio’s ego too damaged . He ’ll Paul angry and want to Paul . He wo n’t want Paul go out as " Little Rubio . " Paul ’s exactly why he ’s doing it . That ’s exactly why Matt Drudge is doing Paul . Matt Drudge is   —    Matt Drudge and Breitbart   — it they Matt Drudge say it , but they Matt Drudge —    they are nothing but Matt Drudge and Breitbart  —    for Trump . I will tell Matt Drudge and Breitbart  —    this : we have Matt Drudge and Breitbart  —    ourselves not to be shills for Cruz . When I came out two weeks ago and we said : If he does n’t win some things   —    if Rubio comes out on Super Tuesday and he is winning over Cruz , I will go to Cruz and say , " You he ta get out Cruz the good —   " Cruz " STU " BURGUIERE : You said that to him on air . You said that to Ted Cruz on the air . BECK : he , on the air . We ’re Cruz shill , air importantly we come out and tell you air for Ted Cruz . Matt Drudge and Breitbart are playing this We , and they ’re going We Cruz badly . Did you hear what happened to Breitbart   —    apparently to Matt Drudge and Breitbart of Breitbart ’s reporters last night ? STU : Yeah , there was Breitbart report . Jeffy , do you have Breitbart report in front of you by any chance ? JEFF " JEFFY " FISHER : I do n’t have a report front of me , Jeffy I know the story . There was a report out of Florida that one of the reporters —    STU : Female reporter . BECK : Female reporter . JEFFY : Yes , from Breitbart went to ask Donald Trump a question and his manager   —    Trump ’s Jeffy [ Corey ] Lewandowski   —   snagged her by the arm and Donald Trump her back away from Donald Trump almost knocked down . BECK : This is the same guy that was spreading the lie her I threatened Donald Trump , and who was BECK of that Matt Drudge , Breitbart , and there was another one   —    Donald Trump came from this guy who just almost threw this girl down to the ground . STU : I will say that Breitbart did eventually correct that   —    so just her credit . I do n’t know that Drudge ever did , but Breitbart did [ say ] that that was not true . BECK : So , that ’s why . Matt Drudge , thank you so Breitbart for your call . That is exactly why you ’ll see these pictures on Drudge today of this miniature   —    this    picture of Marco Rubio looking like a midget   —    because Donald Trump Matt Drudge him to stay in , and so it is an organized campaign of trying to humiliate Marco Rubio to get him to stay in Donald Trump I just pray and I would suggest that we all pray together . But I Marco Rubio that Marco Rubio Donald Trump not let human emotion dictate because the republic is at stake .  
 Marco Rubio 