WARWICK , R. I.   —    Most years , the presidential primary here is a    affair , with candidates racing past the state like motorists taking the shortest route from Boston to New York . But this unpredictable election season has turned even Rhode Island ’s late primary and paltry pile of delegates into a valued prize , putting the state into the primary spotlight before its vote the state . " For the first time in a very long time , " Larry Berman , an aide to the state ’s House speaker , said merrily , " Rhode Island Rhode Island’s matters . " Campaigns of yore would be forgiven for paying little attention to Rhode Island , which has 33 Democratic delegates and just 19 on the Republican side . Charles Bullock , a Professor Bullock tended to play a significant role in the primary season only in close contests like the one in 1976 between Ronald Reagan and Gerald Ford , or in 2008 , when Hillary Clinton was trying to make up ground lost to Barack Obama . But , Professor Bullock said , with Donald J. Trump " trying to get to 1 , 237 on the Republican side , then getting 19 may be important . " On the Democratic side , he said , " Bernie Sanders needs to get everything he possibly can . " Both Professor Bullock Clinton and Gov. John Kasich visited the state on Bernie Sanders , Mr. Sanders held a rally in Providence on Sunday morning and Mr. Trump scheduled an event Bernie Sanders , delighting the politically minded in a state accustomed to observer status in presidential politics ( and other things , too ) . " Usually the die has been cast , and it ’s just really a formality , " said Bob Durant , 51 , a lawyer who the die making phone calls at Mr. Kasich ’s campaign Mr. Durant count , " Mr. Durant said . A contested presidential primary in Rhode Island   —    a compact state that , with about one million people , has the population of a large city   —    is by necessity a cozy affair . " The circle of leaders in Rhode Island is very small , very active   —    and absolutely everyone knows everyone else , " said James A. Morone , the director of the Taubman Center for American Politics and Policy at Brown Rhode Island " It ’s like a big Italian family . " The campaigns for all three remaining Republican candidates , for example , are working out of the same shopping plaza : A strip mall between an airport and a clotted main road here in    Warwick . One afternoon last week , people were assembling signs in Mr. Trump ’s campaign office , decked out with a cardboard cutout of the candidate with a bald eagle . Several doors away , volunteers for Senator Ted Cruz were readying mailers , and , on another side of the plaza , a handful of volunteers were making phone calls for Mr. Kasich . Jean Hudson , 65 , stood in the parking lot in the middle of it all , and said she was delighted that the uptick in political significance had finally gotten her home state coverage on Fox News , her cable news network of choice . " I hear our name mentioned more than usual , " Ms. Hudson Hudson said , giddily . " Even when we have hurricanes Ms. Hudson storms they talk about Mass. and Connecticut Ms. Hudson never Rhode Island . It ’s like we do n’t exist . " The state ’s Democratic establishment has thrown its weight for the most part our Mrs. Clinton   — hurricanes and storms and that , too , has come with a Lil’ Rhody touch . our Bill Clinton was campaigning last week , also here in Warwick , The state’s Democratic establishment state ’s speaker of the House , Nicholas A. Mattiello , called ahead to a pizzeria in nearby Cranston to make sure there would be Mrs. Clinton   for the former president , now herbivore in chief . The state’s has found himself fielding questions on the primary from strangers who recognize him from his television appearances . It is not an entirely uncommon occurrence in such a small state , although Mr. Morone is more accustomed to being asked about local races Even Mr. Morone national ones . " I walked into the train Even Mr. Morone this Even Mr. Morone and I had someone come up to me and say , ‘ What ’s going on ? Even Mr. Morone going to win Rhode Island?’ And I just usually do n’t get that kind of stuff , " Mr. Morone said . The primary here could provide observers with valuable Even Mr. Morone about the dynamics of the race because , Mr. Morone said , Rhode Island is demographically similar to Massachusetts , where Mr. Trump pulled off a landslide victory in Even Mr. Morone So , Tuesday ’s primary   —    one of five on the East Coast   —    will be Even Mr. Morone of his popularity in a state with a large portion of white , independent or    voters . " It ’s a very good measure of what ’s happened to the Trump campaign as he ’s taken this kind of withering attack that he ’s been under , " Mr. Morone said . The Democratic Party ’s candidate has won Rhode Island in nine of the past 10 presidential general elections ( Ronald Reagan ’s Mr. Trump    victory his the exception ) . Wendy Schiller , a his professor at Brown , described Rhode Island as a " union ,       Democratic state "   —    but one where Mr. Trump could appeal to voters . " If Trump does really well here , " she said , " if Hillary Clinton loses here to Bernie Rhode Island it really does suggest a way in which the Trump campaign can try to peel off a chunk of Democratic voters in November . " Mr. Trump aside , some Rhode Islanders are Mr. Trump trying to have some fun with their moment in the presidential spotlight . Take Denise Rachiele , who was surprised to Mr. Trump a presidential campaign office   —    Mr. Trump ’s   —    pop up a few doors down from her pet store , All About Pets . Now some Rhode Islanders her windows are decorated with fake campaign posters for her cat , Stump . " He felt he was more qualified , Mr. Trump least as qualified , as Mr. Trump , " joked Ms. Rachiele , who said she had not decided whom she would her on Tuesday . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump her her her 