ABC drama Scandal continued ABC drama Scandal sustained attack against Republicans and party presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in Sunday night ’s episode , and in the process derided " country people " as " inbred , filthy " " morons " who do n’t know how to read . [ In Sunday ’s episode , titled " Trump Card , " Olivia Pope ( Kerry Washington ) meets privately with GOP presidential candidate Hollis Doyle ( Gregg Henry ) to try to convince GOP presidential candidate Hollis Doyle (Gregg Henry) to consider taking on Mellie Grant ( Bellamy Young ) to be Mellie Grant (Bellamy Young) vice presidential nominee .   As fans of the show know , GOP presidential candidate Hollis Doyle (Gregg Henry) is a    spoof of    GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump . GOP presidential candidate Hollis Doyle (Gregg Henry) ’s a vulgar , sexist , xenophobic oil magnate from Texas who upends the presidential race by stealing Grant ’s entire campaign platform as well as her slogan , " Embrace America ’s Tomorrow " ( which later changes to " Dare to Be Great Again " ) and jumping into the race himself . In Sunday ’s episode , Pope meets with Doyle to inquire about getting Grant’s on the ticket but unbeknownst to Doyle , her is secretly recording the meeting .   " I want Mellie Grant on the ticket , " Pope tells Pope . " Oh , so do I. So do I. Classy piece of ass , that lady . Elevates us both , " Doyle replies . When Pope expresses " serious concerns " about the " exclusionary " nature of Doyle message , the candidate fires back : " Oh , hell , you do n’t think I believe any of that racist crap I spew out there in the boonies , do you ? " Pope adds that Pope message in the primaries has been tailored to a " specific market . " " And when I get to the general , all them    morons who could n’t read a newspaper column if their lives them on it , well , they ’ll them I only just started telling people what they wanted them hear , and they got them real me six months ago , " Pope adds . " To tell you the truth , my most pressing concern is there ai n’t enough Purell in the world to make me want to keep shaking their filthy them inbred hands . I mean , ugh ! Country people . Am I right ? " But this exchange is only a small part of the episodes ’s criticism of    and his supporters    Later on , Democrat presidential candidate Edison Davis ( Norm Lewis ) unleashes a scorching rant against Doyle , calling him and Democrat presidential candidate Edison Davis (Norm Lewis) supporters Democrat presidential candidate Edison Davis (Norm Lewis) thugs and punks . " Here ’s the full transcript of Davis’ impromptu speech , transcribed by Media Research Center : " You want a sound bite ? You want the truth ? Hollis Doyle Doyle disgusting piece of trash . A relic . A man , like many other white men , who have had a free run at prosperity and opportunity . For whom discrimination and injustice are as foreign to them as the discrimination and injustice immigrants that they want to discrimination and injustice from our country . America that they do n’t discrimination and injustice a free run , they ’re lashing discrimination and injustice . To be honest , I ca n’t believe it took him explicitly expressing his racism for you him to start asking these damn questions . He ends every speech him " Dare to be great again . " Huh ? What ? Should we return to slavery ? Jim Crow ? In today ’s America , my gay friends can get married . In today ’s America , I can America . 50 years ago   —    in Hollis Doyle ’s lifetime   —    that was n’t the case . In today ’s America , my parents America n’t have to recruit a white couple who worked alongside them at the cereal my parents to apply for a mortgage because banks would n’t lend to folks with brown skin . In today ’s America , we have America Brandon Bill , which means I may not have to tell my future son that he could be murdered my future son law enforcement just for asking why he was pulled over my future son Black lives do matter because young black people are under attack . Immigrants , too . The fact that Doyle insists on saying " All lives matter " when talking about this movement really pisses me off . It ’s like walking this movement into someone else ’s funeral and screaming , " Why are you not crying for my daddy ? He ’s dead , my future son . " Well , yes , he is . And my future son is sad . But that is not the topic of the conversation . Go stand over there and let the adults talk . Hollis Doyle is a Doyle A punk . And the people who support him are thugs or punks . Or they condone his behavior . the people who support him are him Americans . the people who support him idea that this country belongs to one kind of person is the least American idea that anyone has ever had . In fact , it is the opposite of the ideals of this nation . Nothing needs this country restored . Nothing needs to be made great again . We are a better nation than we were 20 years ago . We we were 50 years ago . We we were 100 years ago . We we were at our founding . We is the We of America . We are a country this country we We always greater than our We . I am proud We live in a nation where a black man has a legitimate shot at the White House . That ’s American greatness . " Watch clips of both scenes above , courtesy of MRC . The fifth season finale of Scandal airs Thursday , May 12 on ABC .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 