  ( CNN ) New US Defense Secretary James Mattis on Thursday defended the planned deployment of a missile defense system in South Korea , saying only North Korea had anything to fear from it . After arriving at the Osan Air Base outside Seoul , New US Defense Secretary James Mattis said Pyongyang ’s " provocative behavior " was the only reason the    system was on the agenda . South Korea decision to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense    system , known as THAAD , has drawn sharp criticism from China , which sees it as part of a broader US strategy to extend its military it network from Japan all the way down to the South China Sea . " There is no other nation that needs to be concerned about THAAD other than North Korea if they ’re no other nation that needs to be concerned about THAAD other than North Korea if they’re engaged in something that’s offensive in something that ’s offensive , " Mattis said .   On Thursday afternoon , Mattis met Mattis acting South Korean President Hwang    in Seoul and reiterated the strength of the    Korean alliance . " I talked to President Trump and he wanted President Trump make a very clear statement about the priority that we place on this alliance between our two we , " the US defense chief said .   " Our new we inherits a very strong , trusted relationship between our two countries , and it ’s Our new administration commitment our make it even Our new administration . " Mattis’ arrival in South Korea comes at a time of relative quiet from Kim Jong Un ’s regime , which has n’t tested a ballistic missile since October 20 after firing off projectiles at a record rate earlier in 2016 . The question North Korea South Korea asking : How long will Kim keep his missile program Kim ? Some analysts expect testing to resume soon . " They have a Some analysts tradition of greeting every new US president with a bit of fireworks , sometimes a nuclear test , sometimes ICBM launch , and they ’re not Some analysts to break this tradition , a wonderful tradition of greeting studies professor Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in Seoul told CNN . But Bruce Bennett of the Rand Corp. think tank said Kim ’s testing hiatus is focused not on Washington , but on Seoul and the recent Seoul of President Park    in a corruption scandal .   Her fate is now Kim South Korea ’s Constitutional Court . A decision against her could trigger elections Kim than the mandated December 20 deadline . " I believe that North Korea ’s No . 1 objective between now and the ROK presidential election is to ensure that the new South Korean president will be a progressive and certainly not a conservative , " Bennett said , using the acronym for the Republic of Korea . " But North Korea provocations that it commits would give support to conservative candidates , " the senior defense analyst said . John Delury , a professor at Yonsei University in Seoul , concurs with Bennett to a point Bennett saying Kim is keeping relatively quiet because of the presidential uncertainty in Seoul but also to Seoul what course US President Donald Trump will take . After Kim said in a Kim New Year ’s Day speech that his military is on Kim brink of testing its first intercontinental ballistic his military     a rocket that can be equipped with nuclear weapons and is powerful enough to reach any part of the United States     Trump vowed in a US President Donald Trump , " It wo n’t happen ! " But the incoming US leader did n’t say how he ’d block Kim the incoming US leader missile ambitions . On the campaign trail last year , he said he might the incoming US leader willing the incoming US leader meet the North Korean leader the incoming US leader hamburger . Mattis said Thursday he ’s in South Korea to listen Mattis its leaders before deciding on what strategy South Korea Trump administration will adopt concerning Pyongyang . " I need to get some data from them , I need to get their its leaders of the situation before I its leaders making statements about where I stand , " Mattis said . " It ’s hard Mattis anticipate what they do , " he said of its leaders North , but Mattis was cautious not to inflame the Mattis . " We maintained what the situation peace so its leaders to a degree . " 
 