Washington ( CNN ) On a cool spring evening , in the leafy shelter of a sprawling ,    metro Washington , DC backyard , John Kerry was in a serious mood . Appearing relaxed but pensive , John Kerry had been introduced to the two dozen or so attendees by a former staffer , who had mentioned John Kerry " last " government position leading the State Department during President Barack Obama ’s second term . But in a short speech at the private gathering , John Kerry went out of John Kerry way to make the point     emphatically     that John Kerry four years as Secretary of State might in fact not be John Kerry " last " position in the US government . And John Kerry did n’t seem to be joking . It was unclear if the Democratic statesman meant that the Democratic statesman expects the Democratic statesman party to take back the White House in 2020 , but his party left attendees intrigued . the Democratic statesman comment became the hopeful chatter of the rest of the evening . The     did n’t share any more details of the Democratic statesman future political plans , but the Democratic statesman did have plenty to say about the current state of affairs in the world     and within the US . the Democratic statesman deeply lamented what the Democratic statesman sees as a deterioration in " good governance "    especially , the Democratic statesman said , in the US . While other nations may have plans looking 35 years ahead , the Democratic statesman said of the US under President Donald Trump : " We the US n’t even have a    plan . " the Democratic statesman asked listeners to name one    visionary project the the US currently working on . There was silence .    And the Democratic statesman seemed to obliquely reference the words of current Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who told an auditorium full of State Department employees Wednesday that there are times when they will need to separate values from policy     stunning many current and former diplomats . " American values are universal values , " the Democratic statesman said . " Now is not the time to retreat . .. now is the time for the US to engage . " As the State Department prepares to dramatically slash its budget the State Department foreign aid , the Democratic statesman said what has set the US the US generations has been is its charity and the US .    Which , the Democratic statesman said , ultimately contributes to America ’s national security . 
 