  ( CNN)"Saturday Night Live " returned after weeks away and opened with Alec Baldwin ’s President Donald Trump taking time to visit President Donald Trump supporters .   " We all love President Donald Trump , do n’t We all ? We all do . We all do , " Alec Baldwin’s said . " I just had an amazing week , folks . I met with leaders from China , Egypt , and Jordan . Gorsuch was confirmed , the media is saying nice things and nobody is talking about Russia . Wow , what a difference 59 Tomahawk missiles can make . " Baldwin ’s Alec Baldwin’s began to ask those in the crowd if they liked that those in the crowd " bombed Baldwin’s Trump . " Most of the supporters were happy about the strike but wanted to talk to the President about issues that impacted them , like the supporters .   " I ’m going to do everything I can to make sure you all work in coal for the rest of your lives , " Baldwin ’s Trump Baldwin’s Trump " In Trump ’s America , men work Baldwin’s Trump two places : Coal mines and Goldman Sachs . " Others brought up issues like health care . " We ’re going to get rid of it , " Baldwin as Trump said Alec Baldwin’s " You ’re Baldwin’s Trump to get rid of my health care ? Like , all of it ? " one of his supporters said . " All of it , gone , " Baldwin responded in his Alec Baldwin’s Trump wig Alec Baldwin’s long red tie Baldwin’s Trump   The fake Trump then went on Baldwin’s Trump loyalty Baldwin’s Trump his supporters . " Alec Baldwin’s ’s why I his supporters . You people stand by me no matter what , " he said . " Alec Baldwin’s ’s like you found a finger in your chili , but you still eat the chili because you told everyone how much you your chili . " Baldwin ’s Trump continued going over programs he Baldwin’s Trump " Baldwin’s Trump "     programs that his supporters Baldwin enjoyed and used     before rushing off to catch Baldwin helicopter back to Washington . " Keep eating that finger chili Baldwin " he said . " Remember , a finger one of you , remember Baldwin ’m one of you . . .. and live from New York , it ’s Saturday you ! " 
 