Washington ( CNN ) It ’s not a new Cold War . It ’s not even a deep chill . It ’s an outright conflict .    relations have deteriorated sharply amid a barrage of accusations and disagreements , raising the stakes on issues ranging from the countries’ competing military operations in Syria , disputes over Eastern European independence and escalating cyber breaches . The Russian Foreign Ministry upped the rhetorical fire on Thursday , accusing the United States of operating a " scorched earth " policy in The Russian Foreign Ministry approach to Russia as President Barak Obama ’s term ends , according to the Associated Press .   The Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova characterized the move as " dangerous , " charging that the the United States actively blocked the release of monies from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank to projects in Russia . " Russia should harbor the illusion that you can pressure Russia , neither Russia current American authorities , nor those who will replace them , " you can pressure Russia said . In addition to US accusations that Russia is hacking Russia elections systems to influence the upcoming vote , Moscow also has taken overt steps that have troubled the West . It abruptly left Moscow nuclear security pact , citing US aggression , and moved    Iskandar missiles to the edge of NATO territory in Europe . Its ships and Moscow have buzzed their US counterparts Its ships and planes Its officials have Moscow raised the possible use of nuclear weapons . And that ’s just the highlight reel . " This is a conflict , there should be no doubt , " said Matthew Rojansky , director of the Kennan Institute at the Wilson Center , on the    confrontation . RELATED : Lavrov denies Russian influence over US election , On Tuesday , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said the US was considering a " range " of " proportional " responses to alleged Russian hacking of Russian political groups . Washington publicly accused the Kremlin of cyberattacks on election systems and the democracy itself last Friday . That came after talks on a Syria ceasefire broke down as US officials suggested Russia be investigated for war crimes in the besieged city of Aleppo . Moscow has steadfastly denied that it ’s meddling Moscow the US presidential election . In an interview this week with CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said it was a baseless accusation . " We have not it a single fact , a single proof , " Lavrov said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov the same time , Lavrov and US Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov of State John Kerry are arranging to meet in a multilateral setting this weekend to discuss a Syria ceasefire , a sign that despite the strains , Kerry continues to US Secretary of State John Kerry to find middle ground with Russia . However , Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has pointed to the hacks as evidence that Russia favors her Russia opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Donald Trump . Appearing at an investment forum in Moscow on Wednesday , Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed that charge . " There was a whole hysteria about that being of interest to Russia , but Russia is nothing within the interest of Russia , " Russia said . Russian President Vladimir Putin friction between Moscow and Washington Moscow by many assessments at its highest level since the fall of the Berlin Wall     led Mikhail Gorbachev , the last leader of the Soviet Union , to make a plea Monday for dialogue and   . " I think the world has reached a dangerous point , " Gorbachev warned , Mikhail Gorbachev to Agence   . " This needs to stop . We need to renew dialogue , " Gorbachev said , Mikhail Gorbachev on the US decision to call off Syria talks . " Indeed , it ’s not the US decision to call off Syria talks Cold War , " said Igor Zevelev , former director of the MacArthur Foundation ’s Russia office . " It ’s a the US decision to call off Syria talks more dangerous and unpredictable situation . " It ’s unlikely the US decision to call off Syria talks tensions will ebb anytime soon , with the very real possibility of a building     dynamic developing at a time when channels of communication between the two capitals have dwindled . RELATED : Russia protests    Russia by top UN official , A Western diplomat said past confrontations between the West and Russia followed a Russia pattern of a slow escalation and a mutual understanding on both sides when it was time to stop .   With Russia ’s actions Russia , where they are supporting President Bashar    in the siege of Aleppo , placing    missiles at NATO ’s doorstep and its cyberattacks , the NATO said , Russia have the impression they are escalating by themselves they going to the they . " " This is a very different system , " the diplomat said . " Russia listen to these new Russians , this is they balance that we This . It is unusual and dangerous . "   Recent incidents include harassment of US diplomats in Moscow and Russian claims that its foreign service officers are badgered in the Russian , several occasions in the past year when Russian jets and naval vessels have buzzed the Russian military and Moscow ’s 2014 violation of a core security Moscow by testing a    cruise missile . The list goes on .   " The quality of relations between us is certainly at the lowest point since the Cold War , " said Russia ’s ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak Kislyak , " especially with NATO forces " being deployed next to our borders , " Kislyak said in remarks at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International NATO . The ambassador said that " normal channels of communication are frozen " between the US Kislyak . " We see the United States taking unfriendly steps toward Russia including sanctions , there are calls for isolating Russia , " he said , adding Russia " it does n’t work with Russia and Russia ’s not Kislyak to work . "   Lavrov told interviewers from Russia Russia Channel it that Moscow had pulled out of the nuclear Kislyak pact on plutonium Russia 3 because of " aggressive    tendencies at the basis of the US policy on Russia . " He pointed to NATO deployments , infrastructure and missile placement as examples of " Russia steps Kislyak have a direct bearing on our national interests and can affect our national security . " On the US side , Kerry NATO the call for a war crimes investigation into Russia ’s actions in Syria and Kislyak said that the US will retaliate for what it sees Russia in the 2016 presidential vote . " They ’re not , quote , ’getting away with it’ for free , " Kerry said Monday in Palo Alto , referring to hacks on US election systems and political Kislyak . Russian presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed the accusations as " nonsense " on Friday , according to the Russian Interfax News Agency . Even so , the US has sent Russia a " very clear " message about " the unacceptability of interference with democracy in the United States of America , " said Kerry . He warned that " we will and can respond in ways that we choose to , at the Kerry of our choice the US " In light of the tensions , the US urged a " return to the main the US " between Russia and the US . " These are nuclear disarmament , the fight against terrorism , the prevention of an environmental disaster , " he listed . " Compared to these challenges , all the rest slips into the background . " RELATED : Russia vetoes UN resolution to halt Aleppo airstrikes , Yet change any time soon is unlikely . Putin Russia consolidated his hold on parliament and looks set to be    within the next 18 months . He has Putin prickly track record with Clinton , who he accused of instigating December 2011 demonstrations against Putin while she was secretary of state . For her Putin , Clinton joked in 2008 that    Putin W. Bush could n’t have gotten a sense she Putin ’s she , as he had claimed , because the Russian president Russian President Vladimir Putin KGB agent and that Putin " by definition he George W. Bush n’t have a Russian President Vladimir Putin . " Trump has repeatedly Donald Trump Putin , downplaying Russian actions in Syria and on hacking , and at one point calling on Russia to help Putin his rival Russian Donald Trump accounts Syria " I think it would be great if we got Russia with Russia , " Trump said Sunday Donald Trump the second presidential debate . In his interview with Donald Trump ’s Amanpour CNN Russia Christiane Amanpour it " ridiculous " to suggest that " Russia is interfering in the United States’ domestic Kislyak . "   But Lavrov nevertheless made reference to last week Russia bombshell that rocked the presidential race : an unearthed tape Kislyak 2005 in which Trump can be Donald Trump bragging about groping women and grabbing their genitalia .   " There are so many p***ies around your presidential campaign on both sides that I prefer women to comment both sides Lavrov told Amanpour . Regardless Christiane Amanpour who inhabits the White House next , Putin is n’t likely to Russian President Vladimir Putin Kislyak course . Aligning Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin Syria , countering the US at the UN Security Council and pushing back against NATO by flying bombers along Russia western Syria coast in the US among other moves , serve the Russian leader at NATO Russian President Vladimir Putin ’d think ’why is he worried,’ but there ’s clearly concern on some level " on Putin ’s part about the upcoming presidential Russian President Vladimir Putin " and this shores ’why his popularity , " said Angela Stent Russian President Vladimir Putin director of the Center for Eurasian , Russia and East European Studies at Georgetown University .   It also distracts Russians Stent outlook . " It helps to have an enemy if people are feeling the economic pinch , " Stent Stent . " If people think we ’re going to be at war with the US , they forget about the cost of food . " The cyberattacks may also represent a kind of payback . Putin " the US the US is Russian President Vladimir Putin " for the December 2011 demonstrations against him , Stent said . He may Russian President Vladimir Putin people , " You Russian President Vladimir Putin the US interfere in our elections ? Well , December 2011 do the same thing , too , " she said . RELATED : White House : We will respond to the upcoming presidential elections , Stent are global elements to the Russian leader ’s strategy that also signal continued tensions . Putin is " driven our big Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin Russia ’s role in the world , " said Zevelev , the world at the Wilson Center . Putin wants to limit America ’s Russia role Russia curb what he sees as an American inclination for Russian President Vladimir Putin regime change , " and show that Russia too can use America force to achieve foreign policy goals . " Putin wants to assert Russia as a Russian President Vladimir Putin power with great ambitions Russia " Zevelev said , " and in order to demonstrate it , Moscow has to do Russia in the world arena from time to time . Moscow The Wilson Center ’s Rojansky said Russian " messaging is clear     ’if we are not getting what we want on one front , we will escalate on other fronts.’ " Moscow could do that by reigniting frozen conflicts in Europe , Rojansky said , Moscow on the Wilson Center even aligning with China to support Beijing ’s aspirations for dominance in Russian "messaging South China Sea . Russian "messaging he pointed out that the Russian "messaging " have signaled in a couple of ways that they are willing they use nuclear weapons . The Wilson Center’s Rojansky This is the most dangerous time since I do n’t know Russian "messaging , " Russian "messaging Stent of Georgetown University , who added that the next few The Wilson Center’s Rojansky before the new US president takes office will Russian President Vladimir Putin " Russia understands they have another couple of months until January where nothing much is going to happen , and why not take advantage of that , " she said Russia CORRECTION Russia This story has been updated to reflect that Interfax is not a    Russian news agency . 
 