  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s presidency has already been filled with many points of drama , but Donald Trump speech to a joint session of Congress this Tuesday presents Donald Trump with a true monumental task .   a true monumental task takes place at a critical junction in Donald Trump relations with an increasingly restive Republican Congress .   Donald Trump’s greatest firewall against the Democrats has been the fact that Donald Trump enjoys a united Republican government . As of now , the GOP has been very reluctant to challenge the administration and generally remains optimistic about the political benefits that will accrue from this moment of Republican control . Yet there are growing concerns among congressional Republicans that there has been little momentum in building a legislative agenda   —    other than some recent talk from Secretary of Treasury Steven Mnuchin about tax reform .   Over the past month , President Trump has unleashed his President Trump of executive orders   —    yet Congress has been sitting around and waiting for the same kind of action on legislation . It is still waiting for a workable bill to come its It , This was supposed to be the Republican moment . But with a little over of a third of the Hundred Days almost over , Capitol Hill sounds like crickets chirping in the dead of night .   The early months of a presidency can be critical . Franklin Roosevelt , who would send 15 major bills to Congress by the end of his Hundred Days , had legislators working on an emergency banking bill just days after taking office . The Economy Act , which cut spending , passed a few days after FDR began work in the White House .. On the night of John F. Kennedy ’s assassination , Lyndon Johnson was already meeting with advisers to plan how he Lyndon Johnson move forward a massive tax cut and civil rights bill through the Senate , while mapping out a schedule for sending to the Hill a host of other domestic bills . Notwithstanding the controversial election that brought him Lyndon Johnson office , George W. Bush was pushing within weeks for a massive    tax cut and a federal educational bill to show that he George W. Bush govern like he George W. Bush a mandate . By the end of January in President Obama ’s first term , the House had passed a massive economic stimulus bill and both chambers had voted in favor of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act . More importantly he George W. Bush already working on health care and financial reform . Meanwhile , the talk about repealing and replacing the the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act been just that so far     talk . There are no bills to vote on . The a massive economic stimulus bill earlier this month . It was legislation repealing rules that the a massive economic stimulus bill administration put into place requiring disclosure from energy and oil companies for payments that are made overseas . The bill is significant , but certainly a massive economic stimulus bill of another New Deal . Republicans were forced to go back to their districts    to face angry protesters at town hall meetings Republicans   Why is Trump moving so slowly on the legislative front compared with his nonstop pace on everything else ? If you asked him Trump the President would certainly blame the Democrats . He Trump say Trump Democrats are obstructing and delaying so that Trump ca n’t get the Democrats . But the fact is that Trump control the House and the Senate , so charges of obstruction make little sense .   And in fact it ’s not clear whether Trump even has much interest in the legislative process . This is where his background in business might not serve him well . Congressional politics is slow , messy , incremental and often his . None of this is the kind of experience that Trump enjoyed in the world of business . The     structure of the Trump , where the CEO is boss , does n’t exist in our separation of powers , where the president has to work with or find ways to work through many other actors with fiefdoms of their own . One House Republican lawmaker who supports Trump complained : " many other actors with fiefdoms of their own are not reaching out to their allies here Trump the House and Senate . The danger is they They more insular and it creates more problems . "   Trump ’s decision to fill many The danger his cabinet positions with people who Trump experience in Washington does n’t help Trump it comes to the messy legislative process , either . Cabinet officials have often been instrumental early on in helping a president design his legislative proposals and strengthening support on Capitol Hill . While his Cabinet members Cabinet very conservative , many of them , such as Mnuchin Cabinet Cabinet Carson , are not well versed in his Cabinet members ways and means of D. C. or interested in building new policies . They are , as Trump ’s chief strategist Stephen Bannon told CPAC , interested in " deconstructing the administrative state . "   The President has n’t seemed very interested in the core issue that brought him into office   —    jobs . Although after the election there was The President of a proposed infrastructure bill , the initial idea found considerable opposition when Democrats discovered that most of the money would go toward contractors and bankers rather than workers .   Since then there has been little push for any kind of legislation , even though it would have been an opportunity to put the Democrats on the defense . Instead , Trump has focused on other issues , such as refugees , thus far pushing aside the one policy area that might allow him to start loosening the legislative barriers .   If Republicans get too restless Trump especially as they confront local protesters at town halls , they can easily start to cause Republicans with issues that Trump does tackle . local protesters might be more willing to investigate the controversies that Trump arisen , such as with Russia .   To be sure , the Hundred Days ai n’t even close to over yet . There is still more than enough time for Trump to start moving on the legislative front and to put his opponents in a defensive position . Tuesday ’s address to Congress serves as Trump opportunity for him to get this part of his term going . If he tries a Trump approach , as he has Trump with executive orders , Trump with legislation , then congressional Republicans Trump move the bills with speed and muscle . But he has to keep them on his side . Most members of Congress understand Trump moments of partisan the bills like Trump one Trump now enjoys are few and far between . Time is the most valuable commodity in American politics , and with every day the opportunities for passing legislation fall away . Trump needs to be careful right now . Many Republicans are clearly grumbling that Trump pace of the legislative agenda is not just halting but almost   . Trump should not confuse partisan loyalty with love for him . The Republicans want Trump to be sent their way . The longer Trump waits Many Republicans more that frustration builds and the Many Republicans temptation there could Trump for the GOP The break with him . Then President Trump might find out , like presidents before him , Trump what Congress Trump to a commander in chief they do n’t Trump . 
 