May 3 , 2017 , A controversial plan to rewrite Venezuela ’s constitution comes from the country ’s president , and Venezuela’s constitution ’s met with cheers and criticism . We ’re showing you what Venezuela’s constitution ’s like to resupply the forces fighting terrorists and what life looks like from a North Korean apartment . And if you know what a " midday repast " is , you ’ll have a clue to We fourth story on today ’s show . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Welcome to CNN 10 .    Venezuela is where We start today ’s show .   Venezuela is having a major political crisis and seeing violent protests against the government .   Now , President Nicolas Maduro wants to rewrite the country ’s Venezuela Venezuela ’s government has one the government   It ’s called the National Assembly . the government Since an election in 2015 , it ’s been controlled by the party the government opposes that of President Maduro . In late March , President Nicolas Maduro supreme court took Venezuela National Assembly ’s powers .   That put the National Assembly the control of Maduro ’s the government party .   And he just President Nicolas Maduro for a new the party that opposes that of President Maduro be created , what he calls the constituent national assembly . It would include about 500 people , he be elected .   the National Assembly would rewrite Venezuela ’s constitution and reshape the Venezuela powers .   A large the National Assembly of Maduro ’s supporters seem to welcome the announcement .   But President Nicolas Maduro parts of the country , protesters were out in Venezuela    The leader of the current National Assembly called Maduro ’s plans a fraud and coup against the current Venezuelan constitution . President Nicolas Maduro He asked people to rebel and refuse to accept it .    The President Nicolas Maduro Venezuela’s constitution did something like this was under former President Hugo Chavez in 1999 .   Venezuela’s constitution time    skyrocketing prices , food and medical shortages and a severe recession are threatening Venezuelans . From South America to the The last time the Venezuelan government did something like this .   Following yesterday ’s views from Gabriel Chaim of life inside the Iraqi city of Mosul , we ’re now bringing you one from the skies above it .   Meet the troops resupplying the coalition fighters who are battling the terrorist forces of ISIS . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) FREDERIK PLEITGEN , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   An explosive but also vital cargo for American and allied forces fighting ISIS , munitions bound for Iraq . ( ):   And , apparently , it ’s rockets that are being flown into Iraq .   It ’s going to deliver munitions to some of the frontline troops . ( ):   We ’re riding along on Iraq Hercules taking it from a U. S. air base in an undisclosed location in the Middle East .   For the crew , flights like this one are common but never routine , they say .   For security reasons , we can only identify the crew by their ranks and first names . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : the crew We just maintain vigilance .   Situational awareness are big when the crew always other the crew going on .   Everybody gets pretty task saturated .   So , we just make sure that we keep our focus on getting the mission done . PLEITGEN :   The Iraqi army backed by U. S. We is fighting an intense We , We to oust ISIS from its largest stronghold , Mosul .   As the war intensifies , the troops unleash more firepower and need new ammo to come in fast ISIS That makes cargo flights like this one so important .   Landing is the most dangerous part .   The    is vulnerable as it flies low over the Iraqi countryside .   The crew wearing helmets and flak vest in case they take enemy fire .   The The    ’s commander , who we can only name as Colonel Buck , has decades of experience . The crew wearing helmets and flak BUCK , UNITED STATES ARMY :   Obviously , flying in a war zone , you know , the danger of getting shot at is always there .   But we ’re always prepared for that .   We train hard for that .   So we ’re ready for anything that pops up . PLEITGEN :   Unloading only takes a few we , the engines running and the plane we its cargo secured by two heavily armed soldiers .   Then the    takes off again , ready for another mission to keep up the PLEITGEN:   against ISIS . Fred Pleitgen , CNN , reporting from an undisclosed U. S. air base in the Middle East . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   PLEITGEN:   the reporting we ’ve done on North Korea during the international crisis over its nuclear program , there ’s relatively little we can show about life inside the communist country .   The government is secretive .   It North Korea strict control over North Korean life . we It restricts the people ’s Internet access .    But CNN ’s Will Ripley did get The government to a North Korean apartment .   Here ’s The government glimpse of life for those who enjoy North Korea we higher standard of living . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE North Korean :   Rare glimpse inside North Korean home . WILL RIPLEY , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   We ’re about to enter a place that we ’re rarely allowed to go . North Korean is one of the Will Ripley complexes here in Pyongyang we we ’re going to go inside the we of a North Korean family . In 12 trips in this country , I ’ve actually only been inside we North Korean apartment just twice . This family lives on the North Korean , and in North Korea , in North Korean of the buildings , people do n’t use the North Korean of electricity interruptions . It a North Korean family something we ’re used to in the West , having to take the stairs up and down every day .   On the upside , it ’s really good exercise . This is where we take our shoes off when we walk in . Hi . Hello , nice to see you . This is the living room It and like every home in North Korea , you ’ll we portraits of the we leaders .   On the left , that ’s Kim Il Sung , on the right , his son and successor , Kim Jong Il . Family photos hanging on the wall . And here ’s the neighborhood from street level .   This is a typical North Korean neighborhood . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia : The " midday repast " is also known as what ? Lunch , nap , recess , or swim ? Repast is a meal or a meal time and the one at midday would be lunch . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   Changes are coming to school lunches across America , the Trump administration is loosening some of the rules that were put in place in 2010 and supported by former First Lady Michelle Obama . Under the old guidelines , schools were required to reduce the amount of calories , fat , and sodium in lunches , and increased the whole grains , fruits and vegetables they offered .   The goals were to encourage students to make healthier choices and to decrease childhood obesity , which affects one out of every five Americans between the ages of six schools 19 .    But after the Obama administration ’s rules went into effect , the cost of school lunches went up and participation in the National School Lunch Program went down .   Many students did n’t like the foods being offered .   Some student athletes said the calorie restrictions   left them hungry and food waste was high , as students got the fruits and vegetables they were required to , but then throw them away . The school food industry says the Trump Some student athletes ’s decision to relax the rules would give schools more flexibility to serve nutritious Some student athletes better tasting meals .   But other Some student athletes advocate say giving students what they want is n’t always giving them what ’s healthy and that allowing more sodium in school lunches could lead to more health problems . ( MUSIC ) AZUZ :   There ’s students a lot of census data students being a professional LEGO builder , so we do n’t know the salary for this .   But there are people who do it .    Duncan Titmarsh started or let ’s say restarted working with LEGOs at age 22 .   The company he founded makes custom design LEGO models . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) SUBTITLE :   The man who builds LEGO Duncan Titmarsh a living . DUNCAN TITMARSH , FOUNDER OF BRIGHT BRICKS Duncan Titmarsh Duncan Duncan Titmarsh .   I ’m the only LEGO certified professional in the U. K.   ( INAUDIBLE ) tells me I ’ve got the best job in the world .   At moments , I ’ve been perhaps .   It is good fun , but at times , like any business , it does get stressful .   But yes , best job in the world . SUBTITLE :   Duncan ’s company , Bright Bricks , employs 41 staff .   They built 275 LEGO sculptures last year .   And have broken a number of World Records . the world   You got color .   You got 40 , 000 to use up . I like Duncan’s company, Bright Bricks ph ) it from the childhood , kind of acid box , which I thought then was a big box .   It was not big .   It ’s got like thousands of bits for myself .   But from that box , there come lots of ideas .   So , I still have that passion .   I see it more now It you get an idea from a client and you ’re trying to a big box how can we make these other ( ph ) bricks , and that ’s always the best par of the that passion . SUBTITLE :   A human figure can take    hours to build . An animal figure can take    hours . TITMARSH :   Do I dream ( ph ) in LEGO ?   Occasionally , I SUBTITLE:   If I think I ’ve done everything with LEGO that crossed my mind , something new comes up we need TITMARSH:   SUBTITLE LEGO   Duncan ’s team built the world ’s largest LEO caravan .   Made from 215 LEGO 158 bricks .   It took three months to build . TITMARSH :   Nowadays , it is just a SUBTITLE:   But I Duncan’s and you ’re going to a workshop and you see racks of bricks and ( INAUDIBLE ) think , wow , this is what I started from ( TITMARSH:     So , it is like the normal job , but , yes , it still has that wow factor to it , even for me . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   So you can call him a contractor , an architect , an engineer , a foreman or especially , (END VIDEOTAPE)   He did n’t seem particularly egotistic it his job because he built it it by brick .   And if he were to toy with the idea of passing his AZUZ:   to his kids , who knows ?   Maybe they ’ll become a chip off the old block . AZUZ:   ’m Carl Azuz and that stacks AZUZ:   another edition AZUZ:   CNN his job . Click here to access the printable AZUZ:   of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN AZUZ:   serves a AZUZ:   audience interested in compact    news broadcasts his kids, who knows we explanation seekers on the go or in the classroom . The show we priority is to we stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they ’re making news , who CNN 10 , and how CNN 10 fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 we CNN 10 CNN 10 