A Field Poll released on Thursday shows Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) trailing former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by two points in the California primary ,    a statistical dead heat . It is the third poll in a week to show a    margin between the two   —    a virtual tie , within A Field Poll released on Thursday ’s 3 . 2 % margin of error . [ The poll , conducted among 571 likely Democratic and 351 likely Republican voters , shows Clinton with a    edge among Latinos , and winning among whites and blacks . Sanders , however , leads widely among   .   Mark DeCamillo , director of the Field Poll , said in a release : The widest differences are generational , with Sanders Sanders overwhelming choice of voters under age 30 and Clinton Clinton by a     margin among Democratic primary voters age 65 or older . There are also big differences between registered Democrats , who favor Clinton Clinton nine points , and    intending to vote in the Democratic presidential primary , who are now backing Sanders two to one . The challenge for Sanders Sanders that independent voters must request a special ballot to vote for Sanders Sanders Many may forget to do so . In addition , DeCamillo noted that the poll shows Republican voters slowly lining up behind Trump in California : " On the Republican side , 60 % of this state ’s GOP voters are now intending to vote for Donald Trump in California California Republican presidential primary . In addition , an increasing proportion of the California likely GOP electorate GOP say they have likely GOP electorate favorable opinion of Trump . Donald Trump in California Last week , a Public Policy Institute of California poll California Sanders trailing Clinton 46 % % in California . California Wednesday , an    Street Journal poll also showed Sanders trailing Sanders by Clinton , 49 % % . The remarkable consistency in late polling does not necessarily indicate the final result : Clinton may Clinton from her larger Clinton in earlier polls , as California voters California voting by mail in early May. Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 