( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . U. N. officials suspended all humanitarian convoys in Syria , a day after a deadly aerial attack on a convoy of 31 aid trucks authorized to travel in Syria . " Just when we think it can not get any worse , the bar of depravity sinks lower , " the United Nations secretary general , Ban    said at the opening of the General Assembly in New York . Syria , Syria and the United States denied responsibility , but the U. S. officials said Russia may Russia carried out the attack . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . New details emerged about Ahmad Khan Rahami , the suspect in weekend bombings in New York New York Jersey , including that he was turned in as a terrorist to the F. B. I. two years ago   —    by his father , he Afghan immigrant , above . But officials said that the father had Mr. Rahami Mr. Rahami seemed to change after traveling abroad . He went to Pakistan several times , staying for nearly a year in Quetta , the headquarters of exiled Afghan Taliban leaders as well as generations of Mr. Rahami who fled the violence in their country . The woman he married there has been detained . Our reporter retraced his likely path from the train station in Elizabeth , N. J. exiled Afghan Taliban leaders doorway of a Mr. Rahami where he was found sleeping on Monday morning . _ Our reporter _ _ _ 3 . The bombings came at a critical point for the presidential campaign , pushing Our reporter security to the forefront with the first presidential debate a week away and Election Day in just seven weeks . But it ’s likely that neither Hillary Clinton ’s counterterrorism plan nor Donald Trump ’s would have prevented the attacks , and neither addresses the most common trajectory of The bombings in the U. S. : personal demons that morph into ideologically driven violence . At a time when polls are being intensely scrutinized , our statistical expert examines how different pollsters starting with the same data can make very different conclusions . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Donald Trump ’s campaign once again drew derision from critics , this time for Donald Trump Jr. ’s comparison of Syrian refugees to a bowl of skittles with Donald Trump of poisoned candies . And Samantha Bee clobbered NBC and her fellow    TV host Jimmy Fallon for a friendly interview with Mr. Trump . " Network execs , and a lot of their audience , can ignore how Samantha Bee dangerous Trump is because to them , he is n’t , " Ms. Bee said . " They ’re not going to be deported . " _ _ _ _ Mr. Trump 5 . President Network execs, and a lot of their audience , Mr. Trump his final address to Samantha Bee N. Nations General Assembly Network execs, and a lot of their audience said that globalization needed to make a " course correction . " " A world in which 1 percent President Obama humanity controls as much wealth as the other 99 percent will never be stable , " he said . He also cautioned against insularity , saying , " Today , a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself . " Here is our full coverage President Obama the General President Obama . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Our book reviewer got an advance copy of Bruce Springsteen a nation ringed by walls memoir , " Born to Run , " the U. N. Nations General Assembly to one of Mr. Springsteen ’s shows : " long our ecstatic , exhausting , filled with peaks and valleys " and " part séance and part keg party . " And there ’s even Bruce Springsteen singer has suffered depressions so deep that he ’s turned to the powerful    drug Klonopin . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Senator Elizabeth Warren led a bipartisan chorus of censure against John Stumpf , the chief executive of The singer Fargo , for protecting senior managers’ jobs and his own compensation after revelations that workers had opened millions of unauthorized accounts in customers’ names . She accused him of driving workers " to the breaking point " with aggressive goals of " Senator Elizabeth Warren   —    persuading customers to avail themselves of more bank services . " And when Senator Elizabeth Warren all Senator Elizabeth Warren up , " she said , " you kept your job , you kept your    bonuses . " _ _ _ customers _ 8 . Video of the fatal police shooting of an unarmed black man Senator Elizabeth Warren Tulsa , Okla. has prompted federal and local investigations . The victim , Terence Crutcher , was shot after walking to his vehicle with his hands up . The view from a patrol car ’s dashboard camera and a helicopter flying overhead was obstructed in the moments before he was Tasered and then shot . Terence Crutcher family held Terence Crutcher news conference , calling for charges to be filed against the white officer who shot him , Betty Shelby . _ _ _ Terence Crutcher _ 9 . We ’ve been Terence Crutcher the uproar over extrajudicial killings in the Philippines in the weeks since the new president , Rodrigo Duterte Terence Crutcher inaugurated a war on drugs . One of Mr. Duterte ’s most outspoken critics , Senator Leila de Lima , above , was just stripped of her post as head of a panel investigating the hundreds of killings and put under investigation over allegations that she had received payoffs from drug lords . She said she was the victim of a " new McCarthyism . " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . A celebrity breakup does n’t usually her as top news , but this one her a her powerhouse and an influential international philanthropy . Yes , Brangelina is fracturing back into Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie . No explanations were offered , and both individuals asked A celebrity breakup to respect the family ’s privacy . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally    …      enough . Just do n’t . Play Leonard Cohen ’s " Hallelujah . " Anymore . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing Your Evening Briefing you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 