Chris Cillizza , an author at the Washington Post ’s " The Fix " blog , abruptly changed course and admitted that concerns about Hillary Clinton ’s health are " a real issue in the presidential campaign "   —    after spending much of the week criticizing this narrative as a " conspiracy theory . " [ On Tuesday , Cillizza concern trolled Donald Trump , saying that Cillizza concern would hurt Donald Trump campaign to question Hillary Clinton’s health . The day after she Hillary Clinton’s a    coughing and choking episode , Cillizza Cillizza blared : " Can we just stop talking about Hillary Clinton ’s health now ? "   What Trump can Donald Trump   —    or , at least , should not   —    do is continue to engage with these wacky theories that emerge out of the fever swamps on the very fringe of the conservative movement . Every single person who believes in the Clinton Hillary Clinton’s conspiracy is already for Trump . Donald Trump he needs Every single person who believes in the Clinton health conspiracy do is find ways to reach voters who have doubts about him but Every single person who believes in the Clinton health conspiracy carry even graver doubts about Clinton Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton’s do the job in an honest and transparent way . The next day , Cillizza responded to relentless social media criticism of the post , as users quickly pointed to a 2008 column where he questioned whether Cillizza McCain ’s age and health would hurt his performance as Cillizza in Chief . The headline on that one : " Why I wrote about John McCain ’s John McCain’s ( and do n’t think we should write about Hillary ’s health now ) . " Here ’s the thing : We are talking about   —    and I    writing about   —    apples and oranges . Sure , it ’s easy to ascribe the difference in coverage to personal bias . Easy   —    and wrong . Rewind back to the 2008 presidential campaign . And remember that McCain , if elected , would have been 72 years old   —    the oldest person ever to be elected president . Had he served two terms , McCain, if elected, would have been 72 years old  —   the oldest person ever to be elected president would have left office McCain 80 .    …      Clinton is 68 years old . ( She will be 69 on Clinton 26 . ) She is running against someone Clinton is 70 . ( Obama was 47 years old in the 2008 campaign . ) Clinton has never had cancer Clinton She suffered a concussion from Clinton fall as a result of a stomach ailment . ( If you believe that is a cover story for the " real " truth , I would say : More power to you . But conjecture is n’t facts . ) Cancer ≠ concussion . It just does n’t . Cancer ≠ concussion , on Sunday , after a bystander videotaped an apparent fainting episode   —    where Clinton ’s security detail drag her into a van , Clinton a shoe in the process   —    Cillizza quickly changed his tune . " Hillary Clinton ’s health just became a real issue in the presidential campaign , " his headline concedes . Whether Hillary Clinton’s likes it or not Clinton her " overheating " episode Clinton at a very bad time for her campaign . Thanks to the presidential campaign of Rudy Giuliani and a small but vocal element of the Republican base , talk of her health had been bubbling Clinton the past week   —    triggered by a coughing episode she experienced during a Labor Clinton rally . That talk was largely confined to talk of her health that Clinton has long been hiding some sort of serious illness . I wrote dismissively of that conspiracy theory in this space last week , noting that Clinton had been given an entirely clean Clinton of health by her doctors after an episode in which Clinton fainted , suffered a concussion and Clinton was found to have a blood clot in late 2012 and early 2013 . Coughing , I wrote , is simply not evidence enough of any sort of major illness that Clinton is assumed to be hiding . Clinton , of course , is feeling " overheated . " But those two things happening within six days of each other to a candidate who is 68 years old makes talk of Clinton ’s health no longer just the Clinton of conspiracy theorists . 
 