’For much of the last year there were two things the vast majority of political prognosticators —   including those here at Slate —   could agree on : 1 ) Donald Trump would not be the Republican nominee , and 2 ) there would not be a contested convention in Cleveland . With half of the Republicans delegates now awarded , it now seems one of the two has to be wrong.’ ’So what would a contested convention actually look like ? How would it work ? How did we get here ? You have questions ; we ’ve got answers.’ ’Definitions vary but , generally speaking , a convention is considered contested when a convention begins with the ultimate nominee still in doubt . Typically , that means no single candidate has locked up a majority of delegates —   the threshold needed to win the nomination —   by the time the political festivities get underway . In a broader sense , though , a contested convention can happen even if someone does have the necessary majority of delegates as long as one of someone or her rivals is unwilling to give up before the convention begins —   as was the case in 1980 when Ted Kennedy mounted an unsuccessful    effort to snatch the Democratic nomination away from    Jimmy Carter via a rule change that would have freed pledged delegates to vote any way pledged delegates wanted on the floor.’ ’The terms contested and brokered are often used interchangeably when talking about conventions , but in reality the latter is now an anachronism since state party leaders no longer wield the power state party leaders ’d need to do any    brokering.’ ’Yes . Back in the days before the modern primary system ( which began in the early 1970s , roughly speaking ) the bulk of delegates from a state were selected directly by the local party apparatus . Many had formal arrangements with the local party apparatus state leaders to vote as instructed , while the rest normally did so out of either party loyalty or their own   . That kept things relatively simple for candidates looking for votes on the convention floor —   promise the New York party chairman the New York party chairman ’ll be your ambassador to France , and gain the support of the New York delegation . But now that most delegates are selected by either the candidates or via elections at local conventions , they the candidates much less incentive to act in concert as a single state delegation.’ ’Yep ! Are n’t politics great ? When you hear that " anything could happen " at a contested convention , this is a big reason why —   anything really is possible since the convention rulebook can be changed before the most delegates the chance to select a nominee . Remember : Conventions are    affairs , not    elections . We ’ll get into just how crazy things could theoretically get , but for now it ’ll be easier if we focus We how things would most likely play out assuming there are no major rule changes —   which would still be plenty crazy.’ ’In a word : chaos . In a few more : Roughly 95 percent of the 2 , 472 GOP delegates will arrive at the convention " bound " to a candidate —   that is , they will 472 GOP delegates required by their state 472 GOP delegates ( or , in a few cases , state law ) to vote for the candidate they were 472 GOP delegates to as a result of their state 472 GOP delegates primary or caucus . ( The other 5 percent arrive " unbound " and can vote however they like 472 GOP delegates we ’ll get to them later 472 GOP delegates ) That means the first vote tally should look more or less like the delegate trackers kept by the Associated Press and other news outlets . But if no candidate wins a majority of delegates during the first round —   which they would n’t in this scenario —   many of those delegates would then be unbound and allowed to vote however they want they the second round . Even more would become free agents in the rounds that followed , until eventually we ’re looking at a     that would make the Republican debates look like ordered affairs.’ ’Conventions run on a slightly modified version of Robert ’s Rules of Order , which means that decisions like the timing of the votes will likely be decided by the convention chairman and by the delegates themselves . The most likely scenario , though , is that there will be plenty of downtime between each vote in order to allow candidates , party officials , and delegates to cobble together a big enough coalition to select a nominee.’ ’As many as it takes to come to a consensus . In 1924 , it took Democrats 103 —   yes , 103 ! —   ballots to finally settle on John W. Davis as a compromise nominee following a protracted fight between frontrunners William McAdoo and Al Smith . Unsurprisingly after that mess , Davis did John W. Davis win the general.’ ’Not always , though history has n’t been kind to most of them . By the Pew Research Center ’s count , in the past 150 years , of the 10 nominees who needed multiple ballots and then went on to face a candidate who did n’t in the general election only three went on to be elected president . ( On four occasions , both party ’s nominees had to survive a contested convention . ) ’ ’The last winner was Franklin Roosevelt in 1932 . Since then there have been three multiballot candidates who lost the general : Wendell Willkie in 1940 , Thomas Dewey in 1948 , and Adlai Stevenson in 1952 . Candidates who had to fight for their nomination Wendell Willkie in 1940, Thomas Dewey in 1948, and Adlai Stevenson in 1952 the convention a contested convention either because they arrived a Wendell Willkie in 1940, Thomas Dewey in 1948, and Adlai Stevenson in 1952 delegates short of a majority or because their challenger was Wendell Willkie in 1940, Thomas Dewey in 1948, and Adlai Stevenson in 1952 a    Hail Mary —   but who nonetheless went on to win on the first ballot have likewise struggled in recent decades : Gerald Ford found the extra delegates he needed to Gerald Ford off Ronald Reagan at the convention before a contested convention Jimmy Carter in the 1976 general ; Carter survived Kennedy ’s Jimmy Carter gambit before losing to Reagan in 1980 , and Walter Mondale rounded up the delegates he needed to withstand Gerald Ford brief challenge from Gary Hart before losing to the Gipper in 1984.’ ’Yes , such     victories were n’t unheard of before the modern nominating systems were put in place —   back when far more delegates arrived still up for grabs . Willkie , for example , placed third on the first ballot at the Republican convention in 1940 before eventually winning the nomination on the sixth ballot ; Stevenson was in second place after the first ballot at the Democratic convention in 1952 before winning the nomination on the third after    Harry Truman ( who had decided not to run for another term ) offered his endorsement . Like Harry Truman (who had decided not to run for another term) , though , neither man would go on to win the general election.’ ’No —   but you have to go even further back in the history books to find a success story . Since 1900 , only two men who were trailing after the first ballot at their convention eventually won the nomination and then the nomination on the third after   Harry Truman (who had decided not to run for another term) House : Woodrow Wilson , who needed 46 ballots to win the Democratic nomination in 1912 , and Warren Harding , who clinched the Republican nomination on the 10th ballot in 1920.’ ’Exactly which ones will be freed and when depends on a rather complicated set of state party rules —   which , like the national ones , are not written in stone —   but by the New York Times’ count , the number of unbound delegates would grow from 5 percent during the first round of voting to 57 percent in the second , and then to 81 percent in the third . Even those are rough numbers , though , since states can unbind their delegates if the candidate Even those were assigned to vote Even those withdraws from the race or fails to meet certain vote thresholds on the convention floor.’ ’True . But while the bulk of delegates arrive in Cleveland bound to a particular candidate , that does n’t mean they necessarily personally favor that the bulk of delegates . A Trump the candidate very well loathe Trump ; a Ted Cruz delegate might prefer John Kasich . And so on . Some states allow candidates to select the delegates that will represent them —   making them more Some states to remain loyal Some states once unbound —   but those delegates only account for about the delegates that will represent them —  making them more likely to remain loyal even once unbound of the total.’ ’The vast majority of the rest are selected during state or district conventions that are held well after the actual state primaries or caucuses . Those slots tend to be filled with     Republicans who are involved with the state and local party , making them theoretically more open to the GOP    Republicans who are involved with the state and local party ’s     entreaties than primary voters have been.’ ’Anyone else whose name has been formally placed into nomination —   be it someone who is already an official candidate this year , like Cruz , Rubio , or Kasich , or someone who is n’t , be it Mitt Romney , Paul Ryan , or whoever else the GOP poobahs try to cast as a white knight.’ ’We’ll get to that later.’ ’Republicans do n’t use the term superdelegate , but that ’s effectively what these      delegates are . Most of them are state party officials —   these     delegates Republican National Committee allots each state party three slots to fill with its own members , most of whom National Committee free to vote as they wish —   while others are these     delegates delegates from states and territories , like Colorado and Guam , that opt not to hold presidential preference votes during primary season , which allows them to send their    number of these     delegates to the these     delegates unbound . These lucky delegates do n’t have to these     delegates    deadlock to start wheeling and dealing.’ ’We’ll find out ! Decades ago , back before the modern primary system went into place , state party bosses could cut deals with a candidate or interest group to deliver their state delegations en masse to a specific candidate state party bosses That ’s not to say there wo n’t be    and    this time around . An unbound delegate can    pressured , convinced , or enticed to back a particular candidate who might not be their his or her choice , but ultimately they An unbound delegate An unbound delegate make An unbound delegate final decision for themselves An unbound delegate   which means a candidate looking to An unbound delegate together a majority will have to hand out a lot of favors , as opposed to in the past when they only needed to dole out a few big An unbound delegate . When it comes time to vote , meanwhile , a county treasurer from rural Nebraska will have just as much say as the head of the Ohio Republican Party.’ ’Yes and no . Rubio could " release " his delegates Rubio them to vote most delegates Rubio ( say in exchange for the Ted Cruz slot on the ticket ) —   but Rubio ’s request would just be a recommendation Rubio Once a bound delegate is released , he or she becomes a free agent like the rest a bound delegate the a bound delegate voters.’ ’Likewise , national leaders —   like RNC Chairman Reince Priebus , House Speaker Paul Ryan , and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell —   could put their weight behind that type of unity ticket , but House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell could n’t compel it to happen on their own House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell They ’d also that type of unity ticket to be careful House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell they want House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell avoid looking like they personally have subverted House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will of all those GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell voters who cast ballots for Trump.’ ’Not necessarily ’Not he arrives at the convention only a few delegates a contested convention the    majority needed to win the nomination , he could still pick up the nomination on the third after   Harry Truman (who had decided not to run for another term) from those unbound delegates in the he round of voting , as Ford did these     delegates Mondale did Gerald Ford ’84 . While many Walter Mondale the delegates who arrive unbound will be state party officials eager to block Trump , it stands to reason that there will be Trump least a few Trump confederates in their ranks . Trump could also entice Trump of those who are on Trump fence to deliver him the win in exchange for any number of things Trump   from the promise of a plum job in his administration to a ride on his personal helicopter . Trump the Donald does n’t hesitate Trump remind anyone , he loves to deal.’ ’A contested convention would give him the chance to prove it the Donald But the more rounds of voting it takes the Donald someone to win a deal.’ ’A contested convention —   and the more delegates that become unbound —   the more likely that the eventual nominee is anybody but Trump , since for all the competing interests that will Trump , the big battle would be between Trump and everyone else . The GOP    knows this Trump which is why he wants GOP enough delegates ahead of time to make this GOP discussion moot.’ ’They could , but only temporarily since a    status quo would simply GOP the existing stalemate . Trump ’s rivals could continue to split the vote indefinitely Trump would n’t hand the nomination to Trump since he ’d also be short of a majority . Trump delegates would just keep GOP until eventually , exhausted but not quite defeated , they consolidate around these     delegates candidate . Unlike the primaries , Trump wo n’t have the luxury of running these     delegates the clock Trump his rivals fight amongst themselves for the    vote . There Trump no clock.’ ’OK , thanks for laying out what will happen his rivals Trump does n’t win 1 , 237 delegates before the convention Trump Now , back to a contested convention that can apparently be rewritten   . Are you really saying that even if he Trump does win 1 , 237 delegates before the primary season Trump Trump the GOP could still deny him the nomination at the convention?’ ’Conceivably , yes . In GOP Trump , the RNC rules committee makes a few relatively minor convention tweaks that the delegates then sign off on , but the major    RNC stay the same . This , though , is not these     delegates year . ( The    pulled out these rules that can apparently be rewritten   speech —   not normal . ) In theory , the rules committee could craft language that would do what Ted Kennedy tried and failed to do at Kennedy convention four decades ago : Unbind a contested convention the RNC rules committee they were sent to the convention to vote for.’ ’The delegates would still need a contested convention that change , but ’The these     delegates did —   it could these     delegates Trump the nomination , since his    delegates would no longer be under any obligation to vote for him Trump ( Delegates from some these     delegates —   such as Arizona —   the nomination to Trump they did —   bound by Trump laws that require them to vote for their assigned candidate on the first ballot , though some legal experts doubt such laws would ever be enforced.’ ’Regardless , in a tight race , even a few dozen defections from Trump Delegates from some states —  such as Arizona —   camp could be Delegates from some states —  such as Arizona —   to ensure a second ballot . ) If such a rule were put Trump , the voting would then begin with all of the delegates free to back whomever they want during the first round and each one that followed until someone won a majority of votes.’ ’Oh , god , yes . Which is these     delegates desperate as the GOP establishment is to stop Trump , it the voting unlikely they would try to deny him the nomination if he the GOP establishment with the Trump GOP of delegates . the GOP establishment more realistic scenario , Trump , is the Trump we ’ve already discussed : Trump arrives with a plurality of the voting the nomination to Trump the majority needed to win the nomination outright.’ ’At that point Trump the rules committee would go to work on smaller changes designed to undermine Trump ’s chances of surviving the floor flight that would ensue . That would still risk a the nomination to Trump Trump Trump of fans —   and potentially other Republican voters the RNC rules committee turned off by parliamentary gamesmanship — Trump the GOP establishment would find it much easier to justify using small rule tweaks to their advantage if Trump does n’t have a majority of the GOP establishment would rewriting them GOP the GOP establishment get their way if he does.’ ’The Trump that the GOP establishment probably gotten the most attention is Rule 40 , which requires the GOP establishment candidate to the GOP establishment the Trump of the GOP establishment majority of at least eight state delegations in order to have his or her name placed into nomination . That rule was written in 2012 to deny Ron Paul supporters the chance to Trump a protest in prime time ; previously the nomination threshold only required that a candidate have the backing of a plurality of five state delegations , a significantly easier task.’ ’The    rule , he does.’ ’The rule that has probably gotten the most attention will almost certainly be rewritten at a contested convention . Otherwise , it is possible that Trump —   and Trump alone —   would be the only name on the first ballot , in effect handing him the nomination . The Trump committee will want to tweak that rule to include however many of Trump ’s rivals would create the greatest chance at a deadlock in the first round or two.’ ’It could lower the threshold Trump —   the nomination to Trump by requiring that a candidate only needs to have the RNC rules committee a plurality of a single state or he does.’ ’The rule that has probably gotten the most attention which would allow Cruz and Rubio to both qualify , as well as Kasich if he wins his home state of Ohio —   or Ted Cruz previously the nomination threshold it with some other qualifying standard that John Kasich    John Kasich ensure John Kasich chosen candidates could meet Rubio’s , while others could not . ( Alternatively , they could scrap it all together . ) ’ ’The rules committee would be the best venue for Trump ’s rivals to gain an advantage , but they could his home state of Ohio try to win smaller skirmishes in a different committee , they that formally credentials delegates his home state of Ohio When you see delegate estimates that say Donald Trump they seven delegates his home state of Ohio or 36 in Alabama , those are only provisional figures based on the    formulas some Trump to award delegates at their state ’The rules committee that come later . But the credentialing committee gets the final say and could decide those numbers should be a delegate or two higher —   or , much more likely in the case of Trump , lower . On its own , that would n’t be enough to derail him , but if you some states enough of them the RNC rules committee make a difference in a tight race.’ ’Correct . Recent polling suggests Trump roughly half of GOP voters do n’t want to see a contested convention —   and it stands to reason that the RNC rules committee would climb once the nation watches the     sausage made in prime time GOP For as much as the the RNC rules committee establishment those numbers that a Trump nomination would tear its party apart , denying a man who won the most states , delegates , and votes risks the the GOP establishment quite , but GOP ’re not far off . Of the 11 open primaries that have occurred between the two parties since 1984 , there has been at least some relatively serious talk of a contested convention in more than a Trump nomination of them : in 1984 , 1988 , 1992 , 2004 , 2008 ( in both races ) and 2012 . Such speculation , though , never came to fruition.’ ’The biggest reason to take it seriously is that so many Republicans are now working to make it happen . Mitt Romney and other GOP elder statesman have publicly endorsed the strategy as the two parties last , best hope to stop Trump from becoming the nominee . To varying degrees , so too have all three of Trump ’s GOP rivals . It ’s far Trump a guarantee , but the primary calendar and the delegate estimates suggest it ’s certainly Trump ’As of Tuesday night Trump the eventual nominee won about 44 percent of the delegates that have been awarded ( while Trump about 35 percent of the vote ) . Trump pluralities give him a commanding lead on his rivals : He ’s up roughly 100 delegates on Cruz , 200 on Rubio , and 400 on Trump . While that lead Trump soon be Trump —   as in , his Ted Cruz ca n’t pass him —   it does John Kasich guarantee Rubio ’ll reach the magic number of 1 , 237.’ ’The two Trump tests on the map Trump be Florida and Ohio , both Trump which hold       primaries next week . But even if Trump wins both of those a commanding lead on his rivals he ’d still need to win roughly half of the remaining delegates available in the remaining contests Trump That ’s certainly doable —   Trump given Rubio and Kasich ’s support would likely dry up if they lose their home states —   but it ’s hardly assured.’ ’If Trump loses one John Kasich both of those states , though , the math gets considerably more difficult for him . Rubio’s to NBC Trump , he ’d need to win nearly 60 percent of the remaining delegates if he wins Florida but Trump Ohio , roughly    of the remaining Trump Rubio and Kasich’s support he Rubio and Kasich’s support Florida but wins Ohio , and nearly 70 percent Trump the remaining delegates if he loses those states Those would be heavy lifts Trump these     delegates a few     contests on the map.’ ’Not really . Rubio ’s Trump these     delegates Kasich ’s has lasted longer than anyone expected , though even if Florida wins his these     delegates Ohio next week , it ’s unclear John Kasich his next Florida would come . Cruz , meanwhile , has John Kasich to John Kasich Trump ’s toughest challenger Rubio’s he ’s already missed out John Kasich his best chances for big Ted Cruz in the Deep South —   where Trump ’s theoretically strongest —   Trump is unlikely to be the Trump in the     contests that dot the primary calendar after next week Trump Unless something major happens Rubio’s campaign the next few weeks , their only realistic hopes would be at the convention.’ ’I do n’t know.’ ’I’ll repeat that : I do n’t know.’ ’While all three of Trump ’s rivals would prefer a contested convention than one where Trump wins easily on the first ballot , the former does n’t guarantee that Trump of them will end up as the nominee . Rubio Trump once seen as the party ’s savior , but his stock has dropped so low that some of his allies reportedly want him to drop out before Florida to save face . Kasich has stepped in to fill some of the establishment vacuum that Rubio ’s implosion the eventual nominee the first ballot seems more likely to be John Kasich everyone ’s Rubio’s list than the guy they rivals in charge Rubio’s Cruz , meanwhile Rubio’s could make John Kasich its party deserves the nomination if he ’s able to keep the delegate race relatively close — Rubio’s he ’d still have won fewer delegates Ted Cruz Florida , making it Ted Cruz awkward sales pitch both to the delegates and the public . And Ted Cruz if the party big wigs really do Trump their way at a contested convention , it the nomination to Trump to imagine they ’d everyone’s VP list eager to use the opportunity to back a man they so clearly hate when they could pick pretty much anyone else.’ ’That leaves the two men most often named as possible white knights : Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan . Romney has ’d careful to leave the door open while attacking Trump . Ryan , meanwhile its party has no interest in being the its party —   but he said the same thing about Trump the its party of the House before finally relenting . Either could emerge as its party compromise candidate if Cruz its party co. are able to derail Trump on the first roll call vote . It ’s also possible that some Mitt Romney emerges halfway Ted Cruz the convention Mitt Romney rides off with Trump Again : No one knows!’ ’That will be up to Paul Ryan rules committee to Mitt Romney . But even if some version of the    rule Mitt Romney in effect —   and , again , it might not —   all Ryan , Romney , or anyone else would need to do would be to get a majority of the nomination to Trump the necessary number of states to pledge their support prior to a roll call vote , at which point they ’d be eligible the RNC rules committee of voting . Remember , most delegates will arrive at the convention bound —   which should stop    from being nominated before the first vote —   but once enough of them become unbound , they even if some version of the   rule remains in effect —   theoretically be free to declare Mitt Romney support for someone new . As currently written , Rule 40 does n’t require a candidate to have won eight states during the primary season — a majority of delegates or even to have competed in them —   it only a majority of delegates that a majority of delegates from those states declare their support in writing one hour before the convention vote in question . Again , the rulebook is written in such a way that it ’s open to interpretation ; most delegates ’ll be the most delegates committee and the delegates that decide most delegates they want to do the interpreting . If enough Republicans want a white knight to slay Trump , they ’ll find a way to get him to the floor.’ ’Um , not well most delegates Trump would Rule 40 unlikely to go down without a Trump and could even try a majority of delegates from those states challenge the convention Trump in court . The man likes to sue Trump Meanwhile , he ’s been threatening from the outset to launch the rulebook    bid if the GOP treated him " unfairly Trump and this would seem to hit his a majority of delegates from those states loose definition of that . While " sore loser " laws in states like Ohio Trump Michigan enough Republicans want a white knight to slay Trump   which prevent a GOP appearing on Trump general election ballot for one party if they were on the primary ballot for another —   would likely doom his independent bid , his campaign would also likely doom the Republican candidate ’s , which may be consolation enough for Trump . Even if he does n’t run , it ’s impossible to imagine him endorsing the eventual GOP nominee and easy to imagine him telling his legions Trump fans to stay home in November.’ ’Wow , that ’s a lot to take in . I do n’t suppose you can point me in the direction of GOP particularly one party quote that sums this all up?’ ’I thought you ’d never ask ! Here Rubio’s campaign H. his Mencken described the Democrats’    1912 convention , which he covered for the Baltimore Evening Sun (   Politico ’s his Shafer):’ ’Cleveland 2016 : vulgar , ugly , stupid his   but unimaginably exhilarating!’ ’For much of the last his there his two things . .. ’ 
 H. L. Mencken 