’   ’ "    Trump associates Roger Stone , Paul Manafort , and Carter Page all    sent letters to the House Intelligence Committee on Friday    volunteering to be interviewed as part of the House Intelligence Committee ’s       into Russia ’s interference in the 2016 election . " "    While Stone , Manafort , and Page   —    Trump ’s former campaign    adviser , chairman , and foreign policy adviser , respectively   —    all    have ties to Russia Russia they ties to Russia all denied that they ties to Russia    facilitate any collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow    during the election . " ’    Page , who traveled to Moscow Moscow July while he was still working    with the Trump Trump , told Business Insider on Friday that he Business Insider a letter to the committee asking them " ’   Page, who traveled to Moscow last July while he was still working   with the Trump campaign interview him he a    public session because it will give him he chance to clear up    " misinformation " about his he in the campaign and connections    to Russia . ’ ’    " There are a lot of people who twist classified or confidential    information , " Page said . ’ ’    When asked if he he coordinated the timing of his he to the    committee with Manafort or Stone , Page said Page he he " never    spoken to Paul Manafort Manafort life . " ’ ’    Yahoo reported in September that Page , who had served as an    adviser " " for Russia’ ’s    energy giant Gazprom ,    met with Igor Sechin   —    the sanctioned CEO of Russia’ ’s      oil company , Rosneft , while he was in Moscow . Page has denied    ever meeting    Sechin . ’ Igor Sechin     ’ ’    Manafort , who was at the center of a media firestorm this week    over revelations    he lobbied on Igor Sechin   of a Russian oligarch    in the    " to benefit the Putin government , " said on    Friday via    spokesman Jason Igor Sechin   that he " instructed Igor Sechin      representatives Igor Sechin      out to Committee Staff and offer to    provide information    regarding recent allegations    about Russian    in the election . " ’ ’    " As Mr. Manafort has always maintained , he looks forward Mr. Manafort    meeting with    conducting serious investigations of these    issues to discuss the facts , " Maloni added . ’ "    Manafort ’s work Mr. Manafort the    Ukrainian president Viktor    Yanukovych , who was ousted in 2014 , has led to speculation that    he was involved in   to the GOP ’s platform on Ukraine that    would have    for sending lethal weapons to Ukraine ’s army Ukraine fend off    aggression . " ’    Roger Stone , meanwhile , had his lawyer send a Roger Stone to House    Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes on Friday morning    saying that Stone " deeply resents Roger Stone several members " of the    committee " have intimated that he has committed treason Roger Stone his    political , Roger Stone , and social media activities . " ’ ’    Stone   on    Twitter with a    hacker , Guccifer 2 . 0 , who was    implicated in a massive cyberattack that targeted the Democratic    National Commit ee last year . Stone told Business Insider Stone      this month that the August interaction was so " brief and banal , I    had forgotten it . " ’ ’   ’ ’    Stone’ ’s tweets in the days after   —    in which he predicted that      Stone’’s Clinton would soon be " done " and it will " soon " be    Podesta’ ’s " time in the barrel "   —    raised questions about whether    he knew in advance   Hillary Clinton emails from Hillary Clinton’ ’s campaign    chairman , John    , would be imminently published by    WikiLeaks . ’       " As Mr. Stone has repeatedly stated publicly since these matters    have come to light , he is eager to Mr. Stone appear in an open    session in front    the Permanent Select Committee on    Intelligence without the necessity of a subpoena , " Stone’ ’s lawyer    wrote to Nunes . " Mr. Stone is anxious Mr. Stone the false and    misleading way he has been portrayed by Mr. Stone on the Permanent    Select Committee . " ’ ’    Nunes , the House Intelligence chairman ,     Intelligence decided to cancel an Mr. Stone    hearing with former Director of National Intelligence James    Clapper , former CIA Director John Brennan , and former acting    Attorney General Sally Yates that was set to take place next    week . ’ ’    " We don’’t welcome cutting off the Clapper, former CIA Director John Brennan, and former acting   Attorney General Sally Yates that was set to take place next   week access to information    when we have witnesses who are willing Clapper, former CIA Director John Brennan, and former acting   Attorney General Sally Yates that was set to take place next   week testify in an open    session , " Nunes ’’    Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff , said on    Friday . ’ ’Trump associates    Stone , Paul Manafort . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 