  ( CNN )   Donald Trump said a conversation with Ret . Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis gave Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis a new perspective on waterboarding , a torture tool Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis has pledged to reinstate . " Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis is a strong , highly dignified man . I met with him Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis length and I asked him Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis question . I said , ’What do you think of waterboarding ? ’ " Trump told The New York Times on Tuesday . " He Trump     I was surprised     he Trump , ’I’ve never found it to be useful.’ He Trump , ’I’ve ’I’ve found , give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with torture . ’ " Donald Trump on waterboarding : ’Fight fire with fire’ Trump added , " I ’m not saying it changed my mind . Look , we have people that are chopping off heads and drowning people in steel cages and we ’re not allowed to waterboard . But I ’ll tell you what , I was impressed by that answer . " Trump is considering Mattis to serve as his Trump of defense . The    said he The    be influenced by Americans’ views of waterboarding . " It ’s not going to make the kind of a difference that maybe a lot of people think . If it It so important to the American people , I would go for it It I would be guided by that , " he The    . " But General Mattis found it to be very less important , much less important than I thought he General Mattis say . " Mattis General Mattis been widely praised for his General Mattis years of service . The combat commander led a task force into southern Afghanistan in 2001 before leading a Marine division at the time of the Iraq invasion in 2003 . A    general , Mattis General Mattis recognized for his General Mattis in the 2004 Battle of Fallujah in Iraq Iraq one of the bloodiest of the war , although he General Mattis criticized shortly after in 2005 for saying " it ’s fun to shoot some people " while addressing service members in San Diego . 
 