Pennsylvania , which holds its primary next Tuesday , uses a nonbinding " loophole " primary   —    and that could cost Donald Trump the Republican nomination . If the state adopted the delegate rules of any other primary , Donald Trump would probably be an    favorite , or better , to amass the 1 , 237 delegates needed before the convention . Instead , Donald Trump chances may come down to the whims of 54 unpledged Pennsylvania delegates . No other state leaves so many of state delegates unbound   —    allowed to vote for whomever they please at the convention . That ’s because it the convention its the convention primary in two parts . First is the " beauty contest , " which is a presidential primary preference vote . The winner of the beauty contest gets all of Pennsylvania ’s 17    and bonus delegates . But the remaining 54   —    the three delegates awarded to each congressional district   —    are unbound and elected in the delegate selection primary . In this part , voters directly elect delegates to the national convention . What makes Pennsylvania ’s G. O. P. delegate selection primary so distinctive is that the ballot includes no guidance on whom a delegate will support at the the national convention the prospective Democratic delegates commit to a candidate ) . A voter will just see a list of names   —    some of whom might be recognizable , but others might as well be Joe Schmo . ( It ’s called a loophole primary because it could circumvent It delegate allocation rules . Voters could , in theory , elect a slate of delegates who unanimously support one candidate , even in cases where a     contest was prohibited . ) The result is that Pennsylvania , with the    G. O. P. delegates of any state , ranks 49th in pledged delegates . It ’s behind even Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia . The other two states with loophole primaries   —    West Virginia and Illinois   —    take a somewhat different approach : The delegates pledge the   G. O. P. delegates of any state ’ll support , the   G. O. P. delegates of any state their preferences are listed the   G. O. P. delegates of any state their names on the the   G. O. P. delegates of any state . When you read articles about whether Mr. Trump can reach 1 , 237 pledged delegates by the convention , these 54 delegates are the   G. O. P. delegates of any state the analysis . Mr. Trump would be favored to Mr. Trump majority of Pennsylvania ’s 71 delegates under any other primary system . He leads by at least nine percentage Mr. Trump in every survey in the state , and is ahead of Ted Cruz by an average of 44 percent to 28 percent , according to The Huffington Post Pollster . He ’s up by a similar margin Mr. Trump 46 percent to 30 percent in The Upshot ’s    model . Our model gives him an edge in 15 of the Mr. Trump ’s 18 congressional districts . the state standard proportional allocation , Mr. Trump would probably be on track to win at least 40 of the state ’s delegates . In a     system , like Indiana ’s or California ’s , Mr. Trump would be favored to win at Mr. Trump delegates . The difference matters a lot because Mr. Trump ’s prize of 1 , 237 hangs Mr. Trump thread . He is probably on track to finish a bit short Mr. Trump 1 , 237 . Our model puts his projected delegate deficit as slightly less than the number Mr. Trump delegates left unpledged ( 54 ) in Pennsylvania , meaning he would be projected to win if they were bound Mr. Trump . Although facing a challenge in the number of delegates left unpledged (54) in Pennsylvania , Mr. Trump has benefited from other quirks in the Republican primary rules . Compared with the Democrats’ rules , the Republican ones are far more the Republican primary rules candidate who wins with a plurality of the vote . And with the race as close as it is , any number of tweaks in the rules could make Mr. Trump a clear favorite   —    the Republican primary rules Mr. Trump . 
 