’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s former senior trade adviser told    Business Insider the    tax proposal being    discussed in Washington could help solve what the   tax proposal being   discussed in Washington believes are    major issues with the North American Free Trade Agreement . " "    Dan DiMicco , the former Nucor CEO and Coalition for a Prosperous    America board member who ran Trump ’s trade transition team , said    a    tax plan on imports from Mexico could    help balance the Mexican    tax on exports    into the country .   " ’    Trump’s has previously chided the trade situation , saying in a    September debate : " When we sell into Mexico , there’ ’s a tax . . ..    When they sell into us , there’ ’s no tax . It’ ’s a defective    agreement . " ’ ’    Mexico has a 16 %    tax American companies must pay on    exports in Mexico , and there is no corresponding tax on Mexican    companies importing into the US . However , Mexican companies have    to pay the same tax on products sold within Mexico . ’ "    Trump and DiMicco ’s viewpoint is   by Peter Navarro , the head of the newly    formed White House National Trade Council , and Wilbur Ross ,    Trump   Trump nominee to lead the Commerce Department . The proposal    has been shot down by economic experts who say it The proposal    a     of how the VAT system    works .   " ’’ ’    Additionally , the    tax on imports would likely    be passed onto consumers in the form of higher costs at the point    of purchase of imported goods to help offset losses . ’ ’    DiMicco outlined other issues he DiMicco with NAFTA , many of    which were related to " exorbitant " Mexican duties .   ’ "    During a recent meeting at the White House between Trump and    Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , the pair of leaders    answered questions related to NAFTA NAFTA Trump Trump promises to       the deal . " ’    Asked about the Canadian end of the agreement , Trump Trump on      trade relations is " a much less severe situation than what’ ’s    taken place on the southern border . " ’ ’    DiMicco concurred with Trump , Trump Mexico " has got a lot more    issues than Canada has . " ’ ’    " But they both have some issues , " he said DiMicco ’ ’    While campaigning and in public statements following his    DiMicco victory , Trump promised Trump renegotiation of the trade    agreement within his first DiMicco days in office . However , under the    Fast Track Trade Promotion Authority , Trump missed Trump deadline    to give notice to Congress to be able to start a renegotiation    within    timeframe .   the renegotiation    within the first 100 days of his administration    Trump had Trump    give    notice Congress January 31 . ’ ’    DiMicco , who said he still informally advises the administration his administration said    delaying the confirmations of Trump’ ’s cabinet   —      particularly as it relates to Ross and Robert Lighthizer , Trump’ ’s    Trump’ for US trade representative   —    has made it increasingly    difficult to    get the current details " on Trump’ ’s trade Trump’ agenda .    ’    " Yeah , so nobody is willing to talk , " DiMicco said was a result    of the delayed confirmations . " You can’’t get the current details    because the Democrats have held up the whole damn process ! " ’ " President Donald Trump ’s former senior trade . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 