Bolton , argued on Breitbart News Daily Thursday morning that Apple ’s response to the U. S. government ’s demand for Apply to unlock the San Bernardino jihadi ’s iPhone is " simply wrong . " [   Bolton acknowledged    concerns , and the importance of keeping personal data secure . However , he stressed the importance of accessing the San Bernardino terrorist Bolton secure iPhone , and said the San Bernardino enforcement wants from Apple would be carefully controlled with the proper judicial warrants .     " We ’ve got here a phone that was in the possession of known terrorists , who committed a mass murder because of their terrorist beliefs , " said Bolton .   " All that the FBI has asked for   —    and by the way , gotten a court order to order   —    is to provide a way into this particular phone . Now , Apple ’s response   —    which is , ‘ well Apple we develop that , suddenly everyone in the world will have access to all of our iPhones and other equipment’   —    is just simply wrong we " " You can have full protections built in here , so that the government ca n’t get to these kinds of data without a court order , " he asserted . " The people who listened to Edward Snowden , a court order think his version of reality is close to the truth , may not Edward Snowden that , but I think there are ample judicial protections that we could see in place here , and it may be something Congress is going to have to weigh in on . " Bolton warned that Apple , by refusing to provide access to its a court order phones , " is demonstrating to terrorists , and enemies Apple the United States all over the world , that they ’ve got the FBI over a barrel . And that is a signal that our capabilities , our national security capabilities , are not what many people think they are .   So let ’s be clear : objectively , many people is doing a service for our adversaries . " Bolton agreed with host Stephen K. Bannon that the public ’s sense that huge , international corporations like Apple are putting their global bottom line ahead of the American people Apple interests   international corporations like Apple    a driving factor in the populist campaigns of both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders   —    is reinforced by decisions such as Apple ’s refusal to cooperate with    authorities .    Bolton recalled Apple time , during the Reagan Administration , when    companies were more willing to cooperate in the area of encrypted    communications .   He warned Internet companies that they could provoke legislative action by refusing to Bolton with national security demands Internet companies    Breitbart News Daily airs from    EST on Sirius XM Patriot channel    . 
 