  ( CNN ) Donald Trump has picked Mike Pence of Indiana to be Donald Trump vice president , defying political wisdom . Again .   For months people have been advising Donald Trump to choose someone who balances the ticket     female , admired , trusted in Washington . Instead Donald Trump ’s gone for male , potentially controversial and   . This ticket is n’t balanced . This ticket ’s a patriotic eagle circling about the heartlands with two right wings . But who did we expect Trump to pick ? Clay Aiken ? Oprah Winfrey ? The Donald has got this far by defying conventional advice and following The Donald instincts . Rumor says that while Rumor understood the benefits of reaching out to the mainstream , Rumor was more inclined to choose someone Rumor personally liked and who reflected Rumor own mores . It was a battle between Rumor head and Rumor heart     and that ’s a battle that Rumor head has never won yet . The choice apparently narrowed to Newt Gingrich vs Mike Pence . Newt Gingrich would ’ve helped reconcile Trump more to Washington : The former House speaker is a policy man with a wealth of contacts within the RNC . Mike Pence would ’ve helped reconcile Trump more to the conservative base . We might conclude that the need to solidify relations with the religious right has won out . Mike Pence was tea party from the very beginning , a    congressman with close ties to big money libertarians like the Koch brothers . As governor of Indiana he governor of Indiana taxes    has done his governor of Indiana to restrict abortion access and took a stance on gay rights that makes the Pope look libertine . This is a man who is not only opposed to    marriage but also gay civil partnerships , and who backed a law that would ’ve permitted citizens to deny services to gay people on religious grounds . There ’s being a traditionalist , say his governor of Indiana , and then there ’s being spiteful . That said     and these are things that the press will make a big fuss out of     Pence is a neoconservative where Trump is   . As governor , he governor of Indiana tried every legal trick in the book to keep Syrian refugees out of his governor of Indiana , but he governor of Indiana also tweet last December : " Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U. S. are offensive and unconstitutional . "   That contrasts strongly with Trump Trump on Muslim immigration . So does a tweet from September 2014 on trade : " Trade means jobs , but trade also means security . The time has come for all of us to urge the swift adoption of the    Partnership . " So it would seem that there are wings within the    and Pence and Trump do n’t necessarily occupy the same intellectual space . However , nuanced policy difference probably did n’t matter so much as personality . Trump sees Trump in Pence that he lacks Trump needs . Trump ’s Trump defined not by philosophy but by ego :      will to power . Any candidate who would have compromised his       making Trump appear softer Trump , by association , less intelligent     would undermine his whole raison Trump . Pence is a Pence kind of politician from Trump , there Trump no doubt . He is much Trump quietly spoken , far better allied to the conservative machine     conservative but " not angry about it . " Trump will have Trump concluded that this gives the ticket the potential to be complementary rather that contradictory .    is Trumpism with some more brains and charm . But still Trumpism . Trump will never Trump up on being Trump . Indeed Trump millions of voters will regard this pick as a sign that the GOP ticket will not appeal to the politically correct center or try to win the approval of East or West coast elites . Pence shows that the strategy is to win the red states , eat into the    vote and crucify Hillary Clinton on her liberalism . Hillary Clinton us on Facebook . . There is one final , surprising twist in his veep search . Trump indicated in one interview that he ’d like Trump attack dog , although he rowed back Trump this when later asked about it . But he’d like an attack dog who ’ve met him say Trump Trump have Trump hidden vulnerabilities and a strong sense of outrage at the attacks on his character . Trump he wants to Trump himself more . Trump has warned Trump that as he gets closer Trump the White House , he ’ll become Trump so presidential that you people will be so bored . " Perhaps we ’ll see us change of style at this convention . Perhaps Trump will asking Trump to attack his critics on Trump behalf . Trump so , it suggests Indiana Trump governor has already won him around to Indiana’s governor benefits of outsourcing . 
 