After spending six months in a coordinated effort to grind Donald Trump into dust , the billionaire businessman ’s impressive second place showing in Iowa , first place triumph in New Hampshire , and competitiveness with Hillary Clinton in a general election , has apparently resulted in a change of tactics : The media is now moving The media attacks from Donald Trump to the billionaire businessman supporters .   The fact that three major mainstream publications have engaged in this tactic in less than 24 hours , makes it pretty clear that this new approach is just as coordinated as the previous attacks on Donald Trump . Tuesday night , after Trump Donald Trump    New Hampshire victory , the Huffington Post lashed out directly at Trump Donald Trump as " racist sexist xenophobes . " That same night , The New York Daily News attacked Trump Donald Trump as " mindless zombies . " And now the face of Time Magazine , Joe Klein , is smearing Trump Donald Trump as "   voters " and a " real threat to this country . " Obviously , the    Klein did n’t bother to look at   the New Hampshire exit polls . Trump Donald Trump in every education group , including those with college and    degrees . Even if you accept the premise ( and I do not ) that only the formally educated are informed voters , this blows Klein the   Klein theory all to hell . Consider this a early heads up on what ’s coming . The DC Media went kitchen sink with Trump Donald Trump and the man is not only still standing , he the man thriving while laughing in their smug , insulated faces . That did n’t work . So now , using    and hysterics , the The DC Media going to try and shame people away from supporting Trump Donald Trump —    try and make his supporters the man so no one else climbs on board . Sadly , the mainstream media received permission to launch these attacks from no less than the Republican Establishment , those in the consultant class , the Wall Street Journal and National Review , who for months have launched the exact same demeaning attacks against the powerless who dare disagree with " their betters those in the consultant class, the Wall Street Journal and National Review, who for months have launched the exact same demeaning attacks against the powerless " The DC Media are nothing less than devious , nasty , desperate Leftists willing to do anything to cling to power and a status quo that enriches them and Leftists everyone else . Now they are Leftists their fire Leftists powerless , everyday Americans . And it is only February .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                  
 