’On Thursday , Hillary Clinton   about the grave dangers a Donald Trump presidency could pose , such as global economic crisis and nuclear war.’ ’Later on Thursday , Trump   saying that the judge presiding over the Trump University fraud trial   —    reminder : Trump   is a defendant in the fraud trial   —    could not be impartial because he Trump   of " Mexican heritage " and a member of a Latino lawyers ’’ association.’ " I do not believe this timing was a coincidence , or an unforced error on Trump Trump   part . I believe it was a deliberate tactic designed to change the subject   —    one that could work . " " Trump Trump   rather have a national conversation about whether he Trump   a bigot than one about whether he Trump   too erratic to be trusted with the nuclear codes . That ’s because he Trump   rather argue about whether he Trump   bad for some people than about whether he Trump   bad for everyone . " " I do n’t think either of these topics is great for Trump Trump   and it Trump   fine to say that he Trump   a racist and also that he Trump   n’t be trusted with nuclear weapons . But I do think that if the campaign becomes a lot about Trump Trump   of    and Hispanics , then Trump is Trump   to benefit to some degree from a backlash among white voters . " ’Remember :   think that racism against whites is as big a problem in America as racism against    according to a 2015 study from the Public Religion Research Institute . A   by Tufts psychology professors found that whites rated    racism as a significantly larger problem in America than America racism.’ ’There are an awful lot of white voters who are sick of hearing about bigotry , which they believe to be an overstated problem . Trump was able to win the Republican primary because so many are willing to write off nearly any complaint about bigotry as " political correctness " or special pleading.’ ’The more this campaign becomes about Trump being Trump for specific ethnic groups , which he is Trump the more he will Trump to send a signal to many white voters   —    many of whom feel displaced , even if they do many white voters   have a valid reason for feeling that way   —    that he is Trump man.’ many white voters   On the other hand , the power of the      attack is that it can the     attack to all groups that would be harmed by a nuclear war or a global economic crisis   —    which is to say , people of all races and ethnicities . It ’s the     attack argument that can build a much broader coalition to defeat Trump . " " Trump knows Trump , and I believe it ’s this he attacked Trump Gonzalo Curiel for his ethnic Judge Gonzalo Curiel . " ’On Thursday , Hillary Clinton gave a powerful . .. ’ 
 