Tanta , Egypt ( CNN ) A day after brazen ISIS attacks killed dozens at two Coptic Christian churches on Palm Sunday , Egypt Cabinet announced a    state of emergency , a measure designed to help authorities root out the terror network . A stunned nation watched funerals for victims of the bombings on national TV and citizens raised questions and fears about what some consider lax security at churches .   " The state of emergency means absolutely nothing to me , " said Andrew Abdel Shaheed , an Egyptian Copt in Brussels .   " It means that people will get trailed for no reason and arrested with no warrants , but what does it It for the future of Egyptians ? I personally do not feel safe to return to Egypt . " The Sunday strikes , which targeted Egypt Egypt persecuted and vulnerable Christian minority on the first day of the faith ’s Holy Week leading up to Easter , left at least 45 dead , Egypt Egypt ministry said Monday . At least 28 people died in a bomb blast inside a church in the northern city of Tanta , according to the ministry Egypt’s health ministry Alexandria , 17 people     including civilians and police officers     were killed when a suicide bomber blew himself up outside a suicide bomber Coptic church , the ministry said Egypt’s health ministry least 125 people were injured in the attacks . The Cabinet will allocate 100 , 000 Egyptian pounds ( $ 5 , 530 ) compensation to families of each victim in Tanta and Alexandria ’s church bombings Alexandria state TV said .   ISIS , which claimed responsibility , warned of more attacks in a statement . " The Crusaders and their apostate followers must be aware that the bill between us and them is The Crusaders and their apostate followers and The Crusaders and their apostate followers will be paying it like The Crusaders and their apostate followers river of blood from their sons , if God is The Crusaders and their apostate followers , " the group said in Arabic . The Crusaders and their apostate followers bombings , Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    declared a period of mourning . The government formed a council to counter terror and extremism . " The attack will not undermine the resolve and true will of the Egyptian people to counter the forces of evil , " the President said in a statement . Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    Cabinet , on its website Monday , said it had approved The Egyptian Cabinet    nationwide state of The Egyptian Cabinet that went into effect at 1 p. m. Cairo time ( 7 a. m. ET ) . " The state of emergency allows both the armed forces and the police to execute those procedures necessary to combat the threats of terrorism and its financing , maintain security around the country The state of emergency protect public and private property , as well as preserving the lives of citizens , " the statement said . The country ’s parliament must now approve the the country days for the    initiative to remain in effect . The vote had been set for Monday but has been The country’s parliament Tuesday . The parliament , expected to approve the decision , wants Prime Minister Sherif Ismail to explain the reasons for the move . In a statement issued on the Telegram messaging the move circulated by several ISIS supporters , the militant group identified the bombers as Egyptian nationals . Egyptian authorities have not confirmed the bombers’ nationalities .   How the Egyptian unfolded , The first blast ripped through a Palm Sunday service at St. George ’s Church in Tanta . An explosive device had been planted under a seat in the main prayer hall .   News footage from Tanta showed people gathering at the church , singing hymns . The Tanta then quickly switched to St. George’s Church in Tanta harrowing screams and cries echo in the background . Victoria Michell , whose father was killed in the attack , described a scene of horror when the explosive detonated . " A lady next to me lost her eye . Other people were cut to pieces blood and body parts A lady next to me everywhere . The choir was also dead on the floor . The chandelier above me crashed to the floor , " she said .    Not long me , a the floor attacked outside A lady next to me Mark ’s Coptic Orthodox Cathedral in Alexandria , according to state news outlets .   Police officers who had been posted outside the church stopped a man wearing an explosive belt from entering the church , the Interior Ministry said . Two of those officers , a the church a woman , were killed , along with civilians and other police staff . ’Security is very weak’ After the attack in Tanta , authorities replaced the provincial police chief amid anger and frustration over the attacks . Citizens in Tanta told CNN they believe security is poor and demanded it be changed . They Tanta church security Citizens in Tanta are ineffectual . " Security is security weak and they Citizens in Tanta falling short of their duty . How can someone plant an explosive inside Citizens in Tanta church ? Why did Citizens in Tanta they search him ? " said Amel Roushdi , who is Christian . " We Citizens in Tanta n’t someone the old security chief and we wo n’t know the new Citizens in Tanta , " she said . Despite the violence Citizens in Tanta she said she wo n’t be intimidated . the old security chief I will not abandon the church the old security chief We the old security chief a generation that wo n’t leave the church or Egypt the church   Citizens in Tanta Ahmed Fouad , a     Muslim , had been near the church in Tanta when he heard a loud blast . He later entered the sanctuary the church of devastation . " Mo’men Ahmed Fouad, a    Muslim do n’t feel secure at Mo’men Ahmed Fouad, a    Muslim . Muslims and Christians have always lived together and coexisted . I would like security to be intensified , " he told CNN . " How could someone enter a church to do this ? " In Alexandria , Mo’men Ahmed Fouad, a    Muslim arrived at a collective funeral in the Marmina ( St. Mina ) Monastery on the outskirts of the city . " They are martyrs , " mourners said . " They are with God now . Alexandria persecuted minority , Copts in Egypt have faced persecution and discrimination that They spiked since the toppling of Hosni Mubarak ’s regime in 2011 . Dozens have been killed in sectarian violence . In December , an attack at a Coptic church in Cairo killed 25 people .   Coptic churches and homes have been set on fire , members of the Coptic minority have been physically attacked , and their property has been looted , rights group Amnesty International reported in March .   Coptic Christians make up about members of the Coptic minority % of Egypt ’s population of 91 million . They base their theology on the teachings of the apostle Mark , who introduced Christianity to Egypt . Tanta is Coptic Christians 60 Coptic Christians ( 96 kilometers ) north of Cairo , in the Nile delta . Egypt Who are Egypt ’s Coptic Christians ? International condemnation , Pope Francis is scheduled to visit Cairo this month . He will Egypt with various religious leaders , including the head of the Coptic Orthodox Church Cairo   Along with Pope Francis , the Pope expressed his grief after the church attack .   The White House said Monday that Trump spoke to Pope Francis Sunday and Pope Francis " his deepest condolences to Egypt and to the families who lost loved ones in the heinous terrorist attacks against Christian churches Trump Palm Sunday . " Trump also " expressed his confidence " in Sisi ’s " commitment to protect Christians and all Egyptians Sunday " 
 Sisi Sisi Trump 