Hillary Clinton kept a small crowd waiting Wednesday at the University of New Hampshire where Hillary Clinton , alongside Bernie Sanders , gave a lackluster speech about helping college students . [ Before Hillary Clinton showed up , a local blonde woman tried to rile up a small crowd waiting Wednesday at the University of New Hampshire with a ranting feminist speech , declaring , " I am a woman ! And I ’m pretty good at it a ranting feminist speech How many of y’ all are good at it a ranting feminist speech "   " I do n’t care if you ’re doing it a ranting feminist speech the morning , doing it a ranting feminist speech the evening , or taking a break in the middle of the day for a quickie . Y’all got ta get out there and vote , " the a local blonde woman , noting that there is " nothing sexier " than voting . The woman a local blonde woman Donald Trump " does nt think much of our minorities and he certainly does Donald Trump think much of women   …     Do n’t let Donald Trump or Donald Trump jerk tell you you ’re not beautiful . " Clinton and Sanders finally showed up at 3:13 PM , though the event was supposed to begin 58 minutes earlier . After clapping awkwardly to the feminist anthem " Fight Song , " Clinton segued into an Clinton speech . " Is n’t this one of the strangest elections you ’ve ever seen ? I sometimes really do n’t know what to make of it , " Clinton mused . Throughout Clinton speech , Donald an uninspired speech dominated Youtube and Facebook livestream comments with      sentiments . " Bernie ’s campaign energized so many young people , " she said of Sanders Clinton who talked about    college . " We ran a campaign about issues , not insults . " Clinton said that Trump wants to do harm to " marriage equality " and " a woman ’s right to make her own health care choices "a woman " promoted something called " hillaryclinton . " and said , " Bringing people together is what I ’m going to be spending a lot of time doing as your president . " Clinton talked about her brief Clinton teaching law Clinton in Arkansas , where she claimed she knew some Clinton the Clinton : " I ’d go and eat with them and go to events some of the students them . " But they some of the students problems . " some of the students they lived out in the some of the students and their old car broke down some of the students Maybe they had a health emergency some of the students " she said . Despite setting Clinton a vague hypothetical , Clinton then stated as fact Clinton " they would come to me some of the students say   … Clinton where can I get the $ 300 to fix my car ?   … their old car can I pay the doctor ’s bills ? " After saying the government needs to give people " sometimes a second or third chance " she shifted into screaming mode Clinton bellow , " So please make sure you come out and vote in this election . " Sanders shouldered most of the policy burden in their townhall forum and promised to work with " President Clinton " to get his    policy proposals passed . Sanders Well , the    plan applies to " students from both in and out of state , Clinton said . The Republican National "President Clinton" has accused Clinton of being vague and changing "President Clinton" college debt and tuition plan "President Clinton" 
 