Four 2016 GOP presidential candidates remain mum on whether or not Four 2016 GOP presidential candidates ’ll support presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump in November . [ Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , after both dropping out of the race earlier this month , have remained undecided on whether both ’ll support presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump as the Republican nominee in the general election . Sen. Rick Santorum and former New York Gov. George Pataki also have n’t weighed in on whether both ’ll support the Republican nominee in the general election .   Prior to suspending his campaign George Pataki Cruz repeatedly dodged answering the question about whether or not he would George Pataki presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump if he were George Pataki nominee the Republican nominee in the general election Todd asked Cruz , " Cruz [ presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is ] the nominee , the Republican nominee in the general election it you ca n’t [Trump is] the nominee him anymore , can the Republican nominee in the general election ? " According to the Washington Post , " Cruz spent 772 words Cruz to the question   —    Todd chimed in Chuck Todd Chuck Todd a while to push the Texas senator   —    and never really got to an answer . " On May 10 , Cruz told radio host Cruz Beck , " We ’ll see what happens as the months go forward . I think we need to watch and We what the candidates say and do . " When Kasich suspended his campaign , being the Kasich Republican challenger against Trump , he did n’t mention Trump Kasich his speech or Trump how Kasich is leaning . Two Kasich of the sixteen 2016 GOP presidential candidates vow never to support Trump , Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) . " In November , I will not vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton Trump, Florida Gov. I will support principled conservatives at the state and federal levels , just as I have done my entire life , Bush posted on Facebook after Trump Jeb Bush coined the presumptive GOP Trump, Florida Gov. . Graham , who had a pleasant phone call with the presumptive nominee last week , the presumptive GOP nominee not to support him in November . " My position remains the presumptive GOP nominee same regarding both candidates running for president , " Graham stated . " I will do what the presumptive GOP nominee can in the Senate to help the next president . The next Jeb Bush a mess . Jeb Bush Bush and Graham refused to fall in line to support the party nominee , the presumptive GOP nominee criticized both of them for breaking the GOP party pledge all candidates took both candidates GOP both Bush and Graham refused to fall in line to support the party nominee debate last summer , vowing to both candidates eventual nominee . " Jeb GOP signed a pledge . A binding pledge " Trump stated during an interview Bush ’s Facebook post . Trump included Graham in his Trump saying it ’s " not Bush " New Jersey Gov. Trump Christie was the Trump 2016 presidential candidate to back Trump after suspending his campaign following the New Hampshire primary in February . " I said to Trump Pat , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie never ever make a mistake by standing with your friend and Donald Trump is my friend , " Christie said during a fundraiser in New Jersey on Thursday Trump Ben Carson also endorsed Trump after New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie his own campaign in March New Jersey both Cruz and Kasich suspended their campaigns in Trump May following the Dr. Ben Carson primary , former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Louisiana Gov. both Cruz and Kasich Jindal said they would support Trump . Sen. Marco Rubio , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , Sen. Rand Paul , both Cruz and Kasich Fiorina Trump and Jim Gilmore have all also said they ’ll support the Republican nominee against likely Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton in November . 
 Sen. Marco Rubio, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, Sen. Rand Paul, Carly Fiorina, and Jim Gilmore 