  ( CNN ) Jeff Sessions , the attorney general of the United States , appears to need a reminder : Hawaii was granted statehood in 1959 . I ’m happy to tell him where I was when Hawaii became a state . I was in sixth grade at Koko Head Elementary School in Honolulu , and was chosen to pin the 50th star on the American flag in front of my teachers and classmates at a special assembly to celebrate statehood .   Like my fellow citizens in Hawaii , I am a proud American . This is why Sessions’ ignorant comments about US District Judge Derrick Watson from Hawaii were so insulting and prejudiced .    In a discussion of President Donald Trump ’s executive order that banned travelers from several    countries     an order that US District Judge Derrick Watson blocked     Sessions told an interviewer , " I really am amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order that stops the President of the United States from what appears to be clearly the President of the United States statutory and constitutional power . " I would never criticize a judge just because a judge or a judge presides in another state , including Alabama . Sessions’ Alabamans would be outraged if I did . Yet that ’s exactly what the attorney general did .   These kinds of comments reflect badly on the attorney general and the Trump administration . Does the attorney general think federal judges in Hawaii do n’t know the law , do n’t have the training ( by the way , Watson graduated from Harvard Law School ) or do n’t understand federal judges in Hawaii constitutional responsibilities ? In spite of the Justice Department ’s attempt to walk back the attorney general ’s comments , the attorney general’s words reflect the Trump administration discriminatory attitude . While outrageous comments from the President and members of his administration the attorney general’s too common , I expect the top law enforcement officer to remember that all federal judges are confirmed by the US Senate , and to understand the independent role of the judiciary .   Watson was indeed unanimously confirmed by the Senate     the US Senate , then a senator . Sadly , we can expect more of this outrageous rhetoric from the Trump administration the Trump administration can not be the accepted norm . When this administration resorts to alternative the Trump administration makes comments that compound division in our country rather than bring us together , we must challenge it .   In Trump us Sessions’ vision of America , diversity is a weakness , not a strength . Hawaii is a living reminder that they are dead wrong . Hawaii     the Aloha state     is built Hawaii strength Hawaii , from our indigenous Native Hawaiian people to the Hawaii immigrants that followed . It is the home to the 442nd Regimental Combat Team and the 100th Infantry Battalion , segregated    units that fought prejudice at home and served the United States during World War II .   Hawaii was the first state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment , and it ’s the birthplace of my friend Patsy Mink who authored Title Hawaii , which brought equal education opportunities to girls and women nationwide . It elected the first governors of Japanese , Native Hawaiian and Filipino Hawaii . And when he was unanimously confirmed by the Senate , Derrick Kahala Watson became just the fourth Native Hawaiian federal judge in the history of the United States . My path to the US Senate was improbable , but the same immigrant story is the Senate many in my home state and across the country .   My mom had fled an abusive marriage in Japan to the United States brothers and me to Hawaii and the United States . Those early years , we struggled to make ends meet . the United States a diverse and welcoming community , I learned to speak English in public schools and dreamed of a better life for families such as ours .   As a senator representing Hawaii , a state that stands for diversity and inclusion , I am determined to fight this Hawaii ’s prejudicial words and actions . We must stand up for our independent judiciary and the important role it plays in defending our democracy . There are fights We fighting . This is one of them . 
 fights worth fighting 