Washington   ( CNN ) The Kremlin is casting a shadow over Donald Trump ’s White House . Donald Trump’s relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin was once again in the headlines as the Russian President Vladimir Putin sharp criticism from Republicans and Democrats alike by equating Putin ’s Russian President Vladimir Putin with the US ’s .   The latest flap came when Fox News host Bill O’Reilly said " Putin ’s Russian President Vladimir Putin killer "     a reference to Putin ’s Russian President Vladimir Putin as a KGB agent and instances in which his political Russian President Vladimir Putin and critics have died suddenly     and Trump shot back , " There are a lot of killers . We get a lot of killers . What , you think our country ’s so innocent ? "   Trump ’s Trump revived questions about his ties Trump Moscow , which is accused of interfering to help the Republican candidate win .   On Tuesday , Trump tweeted Trump the perceptions of his relationship Trump the Russian leader , writing in part , " I do n’t know Putin , Trump no deals in Russia , and the haters are going crazy . .. " The outrage about Trump ’s Trump warm words for Putin has Trump fueled more by rhetoric than reality : So far , the administration has made very few policy announcements about how it will the administration deal with Moscow . And the few indications Trump officials Trump offered on Russia policy Russia either been contradictory or confusingly mixed :    officials have signaled radically different approaches to the sanctions in place against Russia for Russia aggressive Russia for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine and its annexation Ukraine Crimea .    have both condemned Russia for Russia human Russia violations and refused to do so .     has questioned the need for NATO and voiced his strong support for the organization NATO while Trump and his top security Trump have said they want better Trump and his top security adviser with Russia , Russia ’re also Trump and his top security adviser to support new NATO members despite NATO from Moscow .    " There is n’t anything yet resembling a formal policy from the administration , " said Matthew Rojansky , director of the Kennan Institute at the Wilson Center . " The pieces do n’t yet add up to a particular deal in the offing . " Even so , lawmakers are preparing to get tougher on Russia and Russia for a possible fight with the White House about that . There are ongoing Congressional investigations into ties between Trump , Russia and Russia ’s interference in the election . And lawmakers from both parties support sanctioning Russia for Russia alleged Russia during the campaign .   Sen. Marco Rubio Rubio Trump and the White House that if they were to roll back sanctions on Russia without Russia from Moscow , the Senate would act Rubio Rubio pointed to Russia ’s Russia Ukrainian separatists that is destabilizing that country . Russia There ’s a real threat of lifting sanctions minus the respect of Ukrainian sovereignty , and Putin meeting those conditions , " Rubio said , speaking with CNN ’s Manu Raju Ukrainian the sanctions legislation . " My sense is that Rubio ’d be able to pass that in the Senate and that we ’d be able to pass that with a    majority . "    The structure for creating a we    relationship is n’t even fully in place yet . Trump and Putin had their first call on January 28 , with the Kremlin and White House issuing general language about bilateral relations Trump and Putin need of repair .   But the White House has yet to put    staff in place on the National Security Council or at the White House relevant State Department bureau . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who has deep ties to Russia , was confirmed only last week . The State Department would n’t comment on whether he has spoken yet to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov . Once the new administration is fully up and running , it will have to engage on the many reasons for hostility between Russia and the old administration . Beyond annexing Crimea the new administration Moscow has worked to destabilize EU allies through fake news operations Russia hacking , lawmakers and former administration officials have said . Russian jets and submarines have harassed US allies in the Baltics , and , in November , Moscow announced plans to Russian    missiles closer to US allies in Eastern Europe . Russian jets made several provocative and Moscow intercepts of US aircraft last year , and the US said Russia was responsible Russian the bombing of a UN aid convoy in Syria . Obama administration officials charged that Moscow either conducted the bombing or turned a blind eye as Syria did . US officials and lawmakers also charge that Russia has never the bombing of a UN aid convoy in Syria ISIS in Syria , instead turning its Syria on    moderates . Russia , for its Russia , has chafed at NATO ’s steady Syria toward its Russia , a development it sees Russia a broken Russia promise . And Putin reportedly held the US in general Russia    of State Hillary Russia in particular responsible for rallies against him during 2012 Russian elections . Despite the tensions , Trump took positions during the campaign that were staunchly    praising Putin Putin calling for better relations , saying , " Why not ? " But the early weeks of his administration have Putin nothing but muddy the waters on what his actual approach to Moscow will be .    After months Putin deriding NATO as " obsolete " and lacking a relevant Putin , Trump has recently been executing what looks like a shift , after strong statements of support for NATO from Tillerson , Defense Secretary James Mattis and UN Ambassador Nikki Haley . On Monday , Trump said he " strongly NATO " NATO , while calling on member countries to boost their financial support for the alliance Trump Trump Trump has committed to attending NATO meeting of NATO leaders , to be held member countries Europe in May.   There ’s Trump a seeming shift on Ukraine as well . NATO suggesting on the campaign trail that he might recognize Russia ’s annexation of Crimea , the administration told the UN last week that it will keep sanctions against Trump in place until it leaves Crimea .   Trump fiery speech to that effect came just the UN week after Trump adviser Russia Conway had said the UN administration Crimea considering easing sanctions against Russia .   Vice President Mike Pence repeated administration concern about eastern Ukraine on Sunday , telling ABC ’s " This Week " Russia the US is " very troubled " by escalating violence there and that Washington will be " watching " to see what Russia does .   Stephen Sestanovich , a senior fellow for Russian and Eurasian studies at the Council on Foreign Relations , said Russia there might be a silver lining to the Trump administration ’s mixed messages . " I ’m beginning to think that the administration ’s confusion and disarray could actually save it from serious mistakes , " Sestanovich said . " Putin might like the the Trump administration’s doing a deal with Trump , but who the Trump administration’s do a deal with an administration that does n’t know what it thinks , how to act on it , or how to sell it at home ? " 
 a deal a deal a deal 