  ( CNN ) Bernie Sanders said Thursday that Bernie Sanders was surprised as anybody by Hillary Clinton ’s loss , saying Bernie Sanders felt Hillary Clinton’s had a     chance of winning before Election Day . But Hillary Clinton’s chief rival for the Democratic nomination was in no mood to question Clinton Hillary Clinton’s or whether he himself Hillary Clinton’s have fared better in a general election . Asked by CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer whether he would Wolf Blitzer brought Democrats to the White House , Sanders smiled before bellowing . " What good does it do now ? " Sanders said Sanders " I do n’t think it makes a whole lot of sense to do     right now . The election a general election . Donald Trump won . " Sanders said he Sanders Clinton Sanders likely to win , but acknowledged that Trump had made Donald Trump connection with    voters that kept him competitive . Sanders He said he Sanders not Sanders phoned Clinton to discuss Clinton race , and acknowledged , " I owe her a call Clinton " He promised to Sanders with Trump on several Donald Trump that unite them     a Donald Trump protectionist trade policy , fixing America ’s tax code and enacting    reform . Sanders said Americans Sanders with Trump ’s election Donald Trump right to be angry , but called for that anger to be channeled in a positive way . " I hope that on those areas where Trump talked about the Donald Trump     where he was right , Donald Trump middle class is hurting     let ’s work together to improve lives for millions of people who are living in despair and who have the right to do better than they are today , those areas where Trump talked about the needs    where he was right, the middle class is hurting     Sanders said . " Donald Trump talked about his Donald Trump about outsourcing Donald Trump about a bad trade policy . If he is serious about Donald Trump our trade policies and creating jobs , let us work with him our " The Donald Trump presidential nominee also declined to rule out even discussing a 2020 bid , saying voters are tired from the last campaign and are no longer interested in diving back into the electoral process . " The last thing in this world in this    campaign we the last campaign sworn in this president is to talk about 2020 , " Sanders said . " Let ’s not go there at all we " 
 