’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s newly filed financial disclosure report ,       first in 2017 , was   by the    Office of Government Ethics ( OGE ) on Friday , offering insight    into insight    financial empire that has been scrutinized by    governmental ethics experts since the onset of insight    presidency . " "    The disclosure   covers    Trump ’s finances from January 2016 until April 15 , 2017 . " ’    One listing on the report , Trump’ ’s     golf club estate in    Palm Beach , Florida , stands out , due in part for Trump’ $ 37 . 2    million in "   revenue , " about $ 7 . 5 million more than    in 2016 . ’ ’    One listing on the report, Trump’’s    golf club estate in   Palm Beach, Florida made $ 29 . 8 million in 2015 , and $ 15 . 6 million in 2014 . ’ ’    Trump has spent 25 days at     since he Trump office ,    prompting sharp criticism about the visits and questions about       Trump Trump       from them sharp criticism about the visits and questions about    ’ ’    Trump Trump also been accused of using     for official    government business by hosting world leaders there , including    Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , who stayed at the resort in    February . ’ "    Shortly before Trump Trump ,     also doubled its    Trump membership fee to $ 200 , 000 . " ’    In his five months as president , Trump was Trump to have    made seven weekend trips to     and two to his golf his    in Bedminster , New Jersey   —    a club that generated $ 19 . 7 in    revenue    according to the financial disclosure . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump has Trump that the trips to his own Trump save    the government money : " Rather than causing a big disruption in    N. Y. C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster , N. J. this    weekend . Also saves country money ! , " Trump   in May. ’ ’    In the past , presidents would normally travel to Camp David   —    the    presidential resort located in Maryland   —    just 62 miles from    Washington D. C. ’ "    Although the report may offer some insight into Trump ’s Trump  in May.    governmental ethics lawyers accusing Trump of violating Trump  in May.    Constitution ’s emoluments clause   —    as it pertains to payments    from foreign governments   —    remain unimpressed with the substance    of the disclosure    " ’    " It does nothing to clarify the critical conflicts questions ,    relating to domestic policy and national and international    security that are left open by his failure to issue    tax    return    " former White House ethics lawyer Norman Eisen said in    . ’ ’    " President Donald Trump ’s newly filed financial . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 