Washington ( CNN ) House Democrats are still picking up the pieces after Hillary Clinton ’s stunning upset on Tuesday , but are likely to keep Nancy Pelosi in place to continue charting the strategy as House Democrats top leader . Nancy Pelosi informed Nancy Pelosi colleagues in a letter on Friday that the election for leadership posts , originally expected to take place after Thanksgiving , was now scheduled for next Thursday . No member has emerged to challenge the California Democrat for the top spot , but shifting the vote up weeks earlier makes it difficult for anyone to mount a campaign to defeat her . " Members have indicated a strong desire to proceed with elections next week in order to prepare forcefully for the lame duck session and the challenges we will face in January , " Pelosi explained as the reason for the earlier date , adding that " this has been a very sad and trying week for all of we . " Pelosi has not officially announced that Pelosi is running for another term , but several House Democratic sources tell CNN Pelosi is expected to launch another bid . Pelosi held a    conference call with stunned Democrats on Wednesday and argued the minority party could have an impact shaping some policies with a Trump White House , pointing to the minority party agreement over approving more federal money to build roads and bridges . On Friday , a group of 40 female House Democrats boosted a group of 40 female House Democrats candidacy , signing onto a letter that was circulating that said " our caucus and our country need your strategic ,    leadership to guide us through the years ahead . " a group of 40 female House Democrats invoked the loss of Clinton as a reason for another woman to remain a leadership voice for the party .   " After everything that happened in this campaign , the defeat of Clinton is an especially heavy blow to the aspirations of young women and girls . They the aspirations of young women and girls to see the first woman speaker     and every woman member of Congress     standing firm in the halls of power , continuing the fight for their the aspirations of young women and girls , their the aspirations of young women and girls , and their the aspirations of young women and girls , " the letter said . 
 