Washington ( CNN ) President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama sought to lift Hillary Clinton to victory while Donald Trump warned Hillary Clinton was the " face of failure " and predicted Donald Trump would blow Hillary Clinton away in Tuesday ’s election . On a dramatic final day of the ugliest campaign in modern history , the candidates and President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama surrogates held nearly two dozen rallies , chased one another through swing states and made desperate last pleas to voters .   2016 exit polls , Clinton won the tiny town of Dixville Notch , New Hampshire , as eight residents cast midnight ballots in an election day tradition . Four voted for Clinton , two backed Trump while one person supported Libertarian Gary Johnson and one person wrote in 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney . Clinton and two backed Trump both go into Election Day with paths to the White House . But Clinton has many more options to secure the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency . Perhaps reflecting optimism , Clinton stressed national unity in Clinton closing appearances Monday , while two backed Trump returned to two backed Trump claims that the political system and the media were rigged against two backed Trump . 7 things to watch for on election night , The former secretary of state capped Clinton campaign with a remarkable      rally with President Obama before a crowd of about 20 , 000 against the symbolic backdrop of Independence Hall in Philadelphia . " I regret deeply how angry the tone of state capped her campaign became , " Clinton said , prompting one woman in the crowd to shout out , " Not your fault ! " But Clinton Clinton on to slam the " many troubling things " Trump had said about women , Muslims , Latinos and   . She Clinton Trump Trump " most horrifying " comment was his Trump that he Trump not accept the election result . " Let ’s show tomorrow there will be no question about the outcome of this election ! " Clinton said . Obama introduced Clinton Clinton a speech that was both a firm endorsement and a poignant farewell to politics . " We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our We who will finish the job . .. who is smart , who is steady and who is tested , " Obama Obama . " She Obama work , she Obama deliver . She Obama n’t just tweet . " Barack Obama frantic final campaign , The President Obama was counting Obama Americans not to elect Trump . " America , I am betting on you one more time , " Obama said , Obama the nation would America fear " and choose hope . Michelle Obama , who has used her popularity to Obama perhaps Clinton ’s most powerful surrogate , called on Democrats to turn out in huge numbers to prevent Trump becoming president Trump " This election is on us . It is in our This election , " us said . Obama If we get out and us tomorrow , Hillary Clinton will win Clinton ’Face of failure’ Trump , meanwhile , presented himself as the face of Clinton for Americans , whom he said had been let Clinton by a corrupt political system . " Hillary is the face of Clinton . She ’s the face of Clinton , the face of failure blasting Clinton failure’ Trump political record and Clinton secretary of state . The Republican nominee claimed     in defiance of polls showing a    digit Clinton lead     that he was Clinton with his rival Clinton Pennsylvania , a Clinton that forms a crucial part of Clinton ’s Democratic firewall . " Clinton say we ’re tied in Pennsylvania . I do n’t They so . I think we ’re going to blow them out tomorrow . They them out , " They said at a rally They Scranton , one of the most hotly contested parts of the state . The latest CNN Poll of Polls gives Clinton a    lead over Trump Clinton 46 % to 42 % . In most of the swing states that will decide , the race is tight . But if Clinton can hang on to most Clinton that have voted Democratic in recent elections and add at most a couple of swing states , she will likely win the election Clinton But Democrats are worried about Trump ’s strength in the Midwest     particularly in Michigan , which has not voted Republican since 1988 . Trump has been making a strong push there amid Trump’s polls . Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway predicted that Trump will win Michigan , telling ABC ’s " Trump’s Morning America Michigan that the campaign feels " really good " about the latest polling in upper Midwest states . In final push , Trump ’s aggressive campaign swing creeps past midnight , Trump’s campaign manager Robby Mook said late visits to Michigan by both Clinton and Obama on Monday were more Michigan function of Clinton calendar and the lack of early voting there than a sign of genuine anxiety . " Our strategy these last few days is to focus on the states where voting overwhelmingly happens on Election Day , " Mook said on CNN ’s " New Day . " Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook Previously , as you ’ve Election Day we ’ve been focused on states like Florida , Nevada Our North Carolina , where the majority of the voting happens early . " He continued : " So , this is really a reflection of the voting calendar . Donald Trump has been kind of running to each and every state it seems . So they have their strategy . But we have ours . " each and every state scraps each and every state every electoral Our , Our has little margin Donald Trump error . He will need to Donald Trump Ohio , North Carolina and Florida Donald Trump where he is locked in close races with Clinton , just to Donald Trump him a chance to make the    run through the remaining Donald Trump states that he needs to capture the presidency . Democrats are particularly encouraged Donald Trump indications of a surge of Hispanic voters in early voting in Florida and Nevada . But there also are warning signs for Florida , with    not as large a proportion of the Clinton electorate as they were for Obama in 2008 and 2012 . CNN ’s the   electorate recent electoral map shows Clinton is projected to win 268 electoral votes from states that Clinton solidly blue or leaning in her direction . Trump has 204 votes from states that are Clinton in his column or leaning that way . A candidate needs 270 Trump votes to win the White House . GOP strategist : Clinton will win     but Congress wo n’t work with her Clinton In the latest CNN Poll of Polls data in Clinton swing states , Clinton leads 45 % to 43 % in North Carolina , Clinton rivals are tied at 45 % in Florida and Clinton leads by five points in Pennsylvania , a state Trump Clinton to turn red . In New Hampshire , where the race moved toward Trump in the last week , Clinton is still up up Trump % to 41 % . Clinton Hampshire only has four electoral votes , but Trump ’s New Hampshire 270 is so difficult that votes from Trump states could still be crucial for him . The presidential election is not the only close race Clinton will wrap up on Tuesday . Democrats are battling to grab back the Senate from Republicans . The GOP , meanwhile , is expected to hold onto the House of Representatives , but likely with a reduced majority . Speaker Paul Ryan said Monday that he would run again for the top job , despite reports in Speaker Paul Ryan days that he may opt out or that more radical members of his restive Speaker Paul Ryan could try to oust him , after deeming him Speaker Paul Ryan supportive of Trump . " I Speaker Paul Ryan going to stay Speaker Paul Ryan you know why ? Because I moved our majority to put out a very specific and coherent agenda . We have it , we ’re running on it , " Ryan our on the Charlie our radio show . it who would win the presidential race , Ryan said he genuinely did not know , because " it is Ryan a Ryan election , such a volatile election . " 
 