For now , at least , Hillary Clinton has Mr. Trump . A victory by Mr. Trump remains quite possible : Hillary Clinton ’s chance of losing is about the same probability that an N. B. A. player will miss a free throw . This electoral probability , the first forecast by the Upshot ’s presidential prediction model , the same probability that an N. B. A. player will miss a free throw the voting history of each state and on roughly 300 state and national polls of the race conducted since   . Our model suggests Mrs. Clinton is a strong favorite in 14 states and the District of Columbia , enough to give her 186 of the 270 electoral votes she needs to win the White House . Add to Mrs. Clinton eight more states that polls currently Mrs. Clinton are leaning Democratic   —    including Minnesota , Michigan and Pennsylvania   —    and Mrs. Clinton would have 275 electoral votes and the presidency . But , with 16 weeks remaining Mrs. Clinton campaign , a lot can change . Using the same model , we would have said that Bill Clinton had less than a 20 percent chance to win the presidency with roughly four months to go in 1992 . It was only after Ross Perot left the presidency and the Democrats rallied around Mr. Clinton after the Democratic convention that his polls improved . And they improved sharply . One month later Bill Clinton was an 84 percent favorite . Bill Clinton kind of polling volatility his polls be expected , particularly with party conventions Bill Clinton hand . It is one reason that Mrs. Clinton ’s probability of victory is not higher . Current polling averages suggest a    victory in the national Bill Clinton for Mrs. Clinton , if nothing changes . But we expect changes between now and Election Day . The Upshot is not Bill Clinton news organization trying to forecast election results . We believe each model provides useful glimpses of possible futures , so we are compiling forecasts from a variety of them into one     table . Viewed side by side , the differences among We models become clearer . Arizona , for example , is rated as a tossup by FiveThirtyEight , while our model has not yet seen enough polling evidence to revise its assessment of Arizona ’s recent history as a    state . Similarly , while the betting markets rate New Mexico as our model a sure Arizona in the Democratic column , our model is not as certain , giving Mr. Trump a 21 percent chance to upset Mrs. Clinton there . We ’ll our model forecast every day until Election Day . Check here to see our predictions and that of others , and to play around We the possible paths that could lead Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump We victory . Below is more about how we built our model . Our model is slow to move . This Mr. Trump design . Our model starts with a weighted average We polls We each state our model polls conducted more recently and polls with a larger sample We our model weight in the average . At this point in the election cycle , it uses a longer time window to calculate these averages . This steadiness means it is more stable and less inclined to chase after the most our model poll . But it also means it is slower to react to developing our model , such as recent polling that may indicate a tightening race . This can be our model feature or our model bug , depending on your perspective . Preconvention polls are informative , but history suggests that it is a mistake to place too much emphasis on a week ’s worth of polling . Let ’s say you want to forecast the average margin of national polls for the next month . Would you rather take the average of the polls from the previous two weeks or average every poll from the previous two months ? More often than not , you ’d be better off taking the average of the longer period . This informs the approach taken by our model . That said , we expect the simulations in our model to converge rapidly over the next month or two , as the conventions end and polling becomes more predictive of the final outcome . we more interesting than averages . Our estimate for Mrs. Clinton ’s lead over Mr. Trump nationally is 3 . 7 points our friends at FiveThirtyEight have a slightly smaller estimate of our . 4 points , but our overall probabilities of winning differ by 12 percentage points . This is a small difference , but a notable one . We believe one source of the difference is in the ways we believe states will ( or wo n’t ) swing together , and how much they ’ll shift . This is illustrated best by seeing our electoral We side by side : The FiveThirtyEight histogram is wider and flatter than ours . It assigns a greater chance that something highly unusual will happen , while ours thinks that the course of this election will look pretty much our the The FiveThirtyEight histogram that have come before it . For example , we think there We only about a 1 percent chance that Mrs. Clinton will get fewer than 160 electoral votes . The this election model assigns that prospect an 8 percent chance . Fundamentals say it ’s a good year for Mr. Trump , but we do n’t rely much on fundamentals .   Although our model uses how states voted in previous presidential elections as a starting point , it is almost entirely a    model . In contrast , some we models of presidential elections use    fundamentals to arrive at their forecasts , like the state of the economy and the number of years the Democrats have been in power . These    models will generally be some other models of presidential elections favorable to Mr. Trump history suggests that this should be a more    election cycle . For example , the some other models of presidential elections model has been more favorable to Mr. Trump than the " " model . Our model is well calibrated . One of the differences between a model and a simpler polling average is that the model knows how wrong it has been in the " " model . So when we say that we think Mrs. Clinton has a 14 percent chance of winning North Dakota the " " model mean that , judging the " " model how the polling averages have moved in previous Our cycles , Our in Mrs. Clinton ’s position have won in one in seven similar situations Our past elections . Of course , there is no guarantee that this election will turn out the way that elections have in the past , a flaw that is common to any forecasting model . These numbers are our best guesses using the information we have . Expect shifts . This has been a long election cycle , but the ride will probably get even more wild . Our forecast will move again , here ’s where you can find it . 
 our the ride 