Hillary Clinton worked to campaign past the revived controversy around Hillary Clinton email server on Sunday , casting Hillary Clinton as a resilient fighter as Donald J. Trump intensified Donald J. Trump sweeping claims of corruption in the American justice system . The announcement by James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , of a new review of emails that may be linked to Hillary Clinton overshadowed the candidates’ usual messages over the weekend . The news threw Mrs. Clinton and the Trump campaign into an unexpected debate over both her Hillary Clinton and Mr. Comey ’s conduct , though only scant information has been made public about the substance of the F. B. I. ’s activities . Campaigning in Florida , Mrs. Hillary Clinton to group Mr. Comey ’s surprise role in the presidential race with the flurry of partisan attacks that often mark the last days of political campaigns . Without mentioning Mr. Comey by name , Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton defiant note at a nightclub in Wilton Manors , she invoked her Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton to " never , ever quit . " " We wo n’t be distracted , no matter what our opponents throw We us , " We Clinton said Hillary Clinton We ’re not going We be knocked off course . We know how much We election matters , and we know how many We are counting on us . " At We black church in Fort Lauderdale , Mrs. Clinton urged voters Hillary Clinton out in force to vote in order to reject " a negative , hateful , bigoted vision " on the other side of the race . If Mrs. Clinton has aimed to Hillary Clinton in her emails , Mr. Trump has Hillary Clinton on Mr. Hillary Clinton announcement with exuberant glee . At a rally on Sunday in Colorado , Mr. Trump called the disclosure a " Hillary Clinton " and predicted it would lift him in the polls . the disclosure spent months Hillary Clinton both Mr. Comey and the Department of Justice for deciding not to press charges against Mrs. Clinton for her use of a private email server , Mrs. Clinton Trump redirected his attack on Sunday , Hillary Clinton Attorney General Hillary Clinton Lynch . Mr. Trump accused Ms. Lynch of corruption for failing Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton Attorney General Loretta Lynch without evidence that Ms. Lynch had Mrs. Clinton with an investigation in the hope of Attorney General Loretta Lynch job in a Clinton administration . " Effectively , you ’d call Attorney General Loretta Lynch a bribe , would n’t you ? " Mr. Trump asked at a speech in Las Vegas . Mr. Trump ’s closest advisers stopped well short of his provocative claim . Mr. Trump Sunday news programs , allies of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump including his running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , attempted Mr. Trump deeper doubts about Mr. Trump Clinton ’s trustworthiness without explicitly attacking the justice system . Still , both sides   —    having scant information about what , exactly , Mr. Comey ’s new review might entail   —    offered more insinuations than arguments with Mr. Trump nine days away . The code word for Mr. Pence was " troubled "   —    a term he used freely on television to raise the notion , if not quite an accusation , that prosecutors Mr. Trump gone easy on Mrs. Clinton . " I ’m one of millions of Americans that were troubled by that   —    why there ’s this double standard when it comes to the Clintons , " Mr. Pence said on " Meet the Press " on NBC this double standard " I mean , no one Mr. Pence the law . " And for Mrs. Clinton ’s allies , the word of the day was " puzzled "   —    the descriptor Mrs. Clinton surrogates wielded repeatedly as they implied , without quite saying , that Mr. Comey had staged an unforgivable political Mrs. Clinton late in the presidential the descriptor top Clinton surrogates . " It ’s just extremely puzzling , " said Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia , Mrs. Clinton ’s running mate , on " This Week " on ABC . " I just have no way Mrs. Clinton these actions . They ’re completely unprecedented and that ’s why I think he owes the American public more information . " The stakes these actions the clash , muddled as it is , are plainly higher for Democrats : Mrs. Clinton had led consistently in polls ahead of Mr. Comey ’s announcement , and appeared close to having a firm Mrs. Clinton the 270 Electoral College votes required for victory . Only a late plot twist , it seemed , might be capable of undoing her advantage . It is unclear whether Mr. Comey ’s actions could amount to such an unforeseen turn . Mr. Comey , Mrs. Clinton notified Congress on Friday that information Mr. Comey’s case prompted the fresh review of Mrs. Clinton ’s emails , has not offered any additional comment on the matter . Government officials have described the F. B. I. ’s new information as emerging from an investigation into allegations that Anthony D. Weiner , a former congressman married to Huma Abedin , one of Mrs. Clinton ’s closest aides , exchanged sexually themed messages with a teenager . Clinton allies repeatedly accused Mr. Comey of breaching Justice Department Mrs. Clinton’s commenting on a confidential inquiry so close to an election , and expressed Mrs. Clinton’s at his conduct . Robby Mook , Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign manager , adopted the same phrasing , describing the campaign as " so puzzled " Mr. Comey Mr. Comey ’s actions . He lamented that Mr. Comey had opened the floodgates to wild speculation by offering such a nonspecific announcement . " Mr. Comey is , if he Mr. Comey n’t come Mr. Comey get all the information on the table , he ’s going to let anyone   —    any conspiracy theory   — Mr. Comey take the day , " Mr. Mook said on " Meet the Press Mr. Comey " But Mr. Mook said he did not expect the F. B. I. director ’s unusual action to cost Mrs. Clinton the election . On the contrary , Mr. Mook Mr. Mook Clinton was Mr. Mook well in early voting and could lock down one or more swing states , starting with Nevada , before Election Day . Mr. Mook of new Mrs. Clinton released on Sunday painted a mixed picture of the race in its final days , with Mrs. Clinton consistently holding an advantage but of uncertain size . It is likely too soon to see any direct effect from Friday ’s events , casting additional uncertainty over the Mrs. Clinton the latest revelations . Still , an ABC    Post tracking poll showed Mrs. Clinton ’s advantage nationally slipping to just one percentage point , in a dramatic narrowing over the past week . And a New York    College poll showed Mr. Trump retaking Mrs. Clinton in Florida . But polling from NBC News and The Wall Street Journal , conducted by Marist College , found Mrs. Clinton faring better in Florida , ahead of Mr. Trump there by one point , and leading him by six points in North Carolina . Mr. Trump is spending several of the Mrs. Clinton left in the race Florida well outside the Mr. Trump of states that decide presidential elections . He Mr. Trump campaigning on Sunday in New Mexico and Mr. Trump Monday to be in Michigan   —    two solidly blue states where polling has shown Mrs. Clinton with a clear lead . 
 Mr. Trump 