  ( CNN ) In the    to James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee , the mainstream media hyped the event as the " blockbuster "   television event of the summer , promising fireworks and    revelations .   But once the hearing started , the left ’s narrative quickly evaporated .   Instead , the American people witnessed a thorough debunking of the mainstream media ’s false reporting and the Democrats’    hysteria .   Their story the American people as Comey repeatedly confirmed key facts highlighted by President Donald Trump in recent weeks .   Specifically , Comey clearly Comey that President Trump President Donald Trump no point the subject of any FBI investigation . The former FBI Director also FBI clear that the President never President Donald Trump the Russia investigation to be dropped .   These points were so clear that even    MSNBC host Chis Matthews admitted that the    " collusion " narrative " came apart " with Comey ’s testimony .   The former FBI director The former FBI Director " There have been many , many stories based on   —    well , lots of stuff , but about Russia that are dead wrong . "   In an effort to pad their    reporting , the mainstream media has become heavily reliant on anonymous sources , and it speaks volumes that it took a the mainstream media Intelligence Committee hearing the mainstream media the former FBI director to bring the truth to light . In fact , Sen. Tom Cotton ,    sought further clarification by pointedly asking about a    New York Times’ story from February titled " Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence . " Comey did not mince words by responding that the Times’ story " was not true a   New York Times’ story from February titled "Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence yes when Cotton asked if the article was " almost entirely wrong . " Comey also used Idaho Republican Sen. Jim Risch ’s Comey on the Times’ false reporting as an opportunity to expand on " the challenge " with media reports using classified information and anonymous sourcing . He put it simply : " The people talking Comey it often do n’t really know what ’s going it . "   He went on to explain department policy that " Comey of us who actually know what ’s going on are not talking about it . And we do n’t call the press to say , ’Hey , you got that thing wrong about this sensitive topic.’ We just have to leave it there . " we just further underscores the problems this administration has been pointing to all along with using unidentified sources and rumors .   Another line of questioning , this time from Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida on leaks to the press highlighted the agenda of the mainstream media the press leaks to harm the President , but also forced Comey to admit that he himself had leaked damaging information about the President . Comey astutely observed " the only the President ’s never Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida leaked is the fact that the President was not personally under investigation . " Why ? the President did n’t fit the left ’s    narrative . While Comey ’s testimony revealed no new information regarding President Trump , we did Comey great deal about his concerns regarding the previous administratin   —    specifically the apparent obstruction arising President Trump former Attorney General Loretta Lynch in the FBI ’s Hillary Clinton email investigation . It ’s clear that the Obama administration has serious new questions to answer based on Comey ’s testimony . The Comey hearing ended up being a bust for those Democrats peddling conspiracy theories about Comey’s and Russia , and even more embarrassing for the media outlets fueling that hysteria with inaccurate reporting . It ’s past time for this witch hunt to end , and hopefully Comey ’s testimony helped hasten its demise .     
 Comey Comey’s this witch hunt 