Actress Lena Dunham has opened up about how Actress Lena Dunham plans to " survive " after the historic election of Donald Trump . [ Actress Lena Dunham posted a message to Instagram on the eve of Thanksgiving in which Actress Lena Dunham shared part of a letter Actress Lena Dunham claimed to have received . " Do n’t let the door hit you on the ass when you cross the border into Canada , " a letter she claimed to have received read , according to Actress Lena Dunham .   Actress Lena Dunham said she can Actress Lena Dunham survive " that letter , which helped her to Actress Lena Dunham that she can Actress Lena Dunham a whole lot more . " And you know what else I ’ve realized I can survive , as a Jewish    sexual assault survivor with a queer family member and a belief that we are all exactly   beautifully equal ? " she wrote Actress Lena Dunham Dunham , who hit the campaign trail hard for Hillary Clinton , had promised to move to Canada if Trump was elected president . She said Actress Lena Dunham in fact , that there was a " 100 percent " chance . She also Actress Lena Dunham    white women who voted for Donald Trump . Trump ’s painful to know that white women , so unable to see the unity of female identity , so unable to look past their violent privilege , female identity so inoculated with hate for themselves , showed up female identity the polls for him , too , " she wrote Actress Lena Dunham an essay for her Lenny Actress Lena Dunham blog published days after the election . But the Golden    has completely backed away from fleeing the country , and now says she ’s Actress Lena Dunham to " fight " and " do what ’s right . " " I can survive staying in this country , MY country , to fight and live and use my embarrassment of blessings to do what ’s right , " she said Actress Lena Dunham " It ’s easy to joke about moving to Canada , " the    star added . " It ’s harder to see , and to love , the people who fill your mailbox with hate . It ’s harder to It what needs to be done and do it . " " It ’s harder to live , fully and painfully aware of the injustice surrounding us , to cherish and fear your country all at once , " Dunham wrote , inviting her nearly three million Dunham followers to " try " with her .   Have Dunham Happy Thanksgiving 🍗 🍴 Love , L , A photo posted by Lena Dunham ( @lenadunham ) on Nov 23 , 2016 at 2:22pm PST ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 