  ( CNN ) Donald Trump named two top advisers to Donald Trump administration Sunday , tapping Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus to be Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus new chief of staff and Steve Bannon , the Donald Trump CEO and executive chairman of Breitbart News , as chief strategist and senior counselor . " Steve and Reince are highly qualified leaders who worked well together on our campaign and led us our a historic victory . Now I will have them both with me in the White House as we our to make America great again , " Trump Donald Trump in the release . It Donald Trump an unusual arrangement that could create two power centers in the new White House , one around the Republican establishment and one connected to the far right and more controversial wing of conservatism . The campaign statement , which listed Bannon ’s role first , referred to the two men as " equal partners . " " Bannon Bannon Priebus will continue the effective leadership team they Bannon and Priebus during the campaign , working as equal partners to transform the federal government , making it the federal government more efficient , effective and productive , " it the federal government . The dynamic will continue the structure of the two men ’s roles in the the campaign with Priebus Priebus Bannon Bannon as partners , but with very different Trump constituencies to manage . Both Priebus Priebus and Bannon involved with working out the arrangement , a source familiar with the decision said . Bannon Bannon    style politics seen as appealing to Trump ’s most inflammatory instincts , and his Bannon hiring prompted a raft of criticism from Democrats accusing Trump of embracing the " Trump right , " an ideology closely associated with white nationalism ,    and misogyny . Priebus should be a reassuring presence to establishment Republicans still uncertain about what a Trump White House will look like . The pick signals that Trump may look to build Trump in Washington and keep continuity with longtime Republican agendas , as opposed to make waves from the beginning . Priebus is among the longest Priebus chairmen of the Republican Party , and has generally been popular amid different factions within the party . He is the Republican Party with Priebus the ground game that elected Trump and with helping to Trump his party after a divisive Priebus the Republican Party in many Republicans shunning Trump ’s nomination . The Trump of Priebus’ hiring was first reported by Politico . Trump ’s choice for chief Trump staff was believed to come down to Priebus and Bannon . In a repeat of the tumultuous process that Trump’s Majority Leader Mitch McConnell urged Trump on Thursday to pick Priebus , a source told CNN on Priebus . Trump ’s     and top adviser , Jared Kushner , has also said privately he is supportive of that decision . After the announcement , a spokesman for Ryan said the speaker was pleased by the decision . " The speaker Trump very happy for his friend and ready to get to work , " Trump’s Doug Andres , his spokesman . Priebus has served as a negotiator between the party and Trump . When Ryan that decision initially endorse Trump the speaker organized meetings and helped diffuse the speaker between the two when Ryan criticized Trump and Trump hit back . Sources the speaker Priebus and Trump have grown very close over the course of the campaign . Ryan had a leadership role in Trump ’s Priebus prep and traveled with him in the latter days Ryan the campaign . Many Trump the RNC ’s top operatives Priebus installed Trump Trump Tower to work closely with the campaign . During the Priebus , Trump often said he Trump to politicians to help him Priebus , including his selection of Pence the campaign Ryan friend and ally     as vice president . But he also ran a campaign as an outsider the campaign he would " the campaign swamp " Trump Washington . Priebus earned Trump ’s Trump in the final Trump of the campaign , as he steered the RNC ’s resources behind Trump ’s candidacy Trump Republican officials urging Priebus to abandon Trump and instead Trump    candidates . As Trump ’s candidacy was engulfed in the Trump stemming from a 2005 tape in which he boasted about a campaign to grope and kiss women without their consent , and as sexual assault allegations surfaced the Trump Priebus , Priebus stood fast behind Trump and worked to salvage Trump’s . Trump ’s debate over the selection demonstrated how he was once again being pulled between a more pragmatic selection with a pick who will women his outsider persona and bellicose instincts . On Sunday night the Priebus appointment drew scorn from the office of Trump Priebus Leader Harry Reid .   " Trump Trump ’s choice of Steve Bannon as his top aide signals that white supremacists will be Trump at the highest levels in Trump ’s White House , " said Adam Jentleson , a spokesman for the Nevada Democrat , who is retiring from Congress Trump   And Jonathan Greenblatt Trump’s and national director Bannon    Trump’s , tweeted , " We at @ADL_National oppose Trump of Steve Bannon to sr role at @WhiteHouse bc he   his    are so hostile to core American values " . But Trump ran an outsider campaign and Bannon ’s hiring signals an intention to keep the insurgent sentiment that propelled his campaign close . the   League is a former Navy officer and Goldman Sachs investment banker and has been an executive in the    media for years . His website Briebart News , which Bannon has been associated with since Steve Bannon start in 2007 , has been vehemently    throughout his presidential campaign Steve Bannon and is also Steve Bannon for pushing nationalist policy positions , as well as conspiracy theories , and has been criticized as being racist , sexist and Steve Bannon .   Bannon ’s wife Steve Bannon also accused Bannon himself in court documents of making    comments .   He joined    ’s campaign in August alongside new campaign manager Kellyanne Conway , after Paul Manafort was fired as campaign manager .   While pundits worried that Bannon ’s hiring would hasten Trump going Steve Bannon he had some of his Steve Bannon weeks of his campaign under Bannon and Conway ’s leadership Steve Bannon though it was almost derailed by a hot mic video that caught Trump bragging of sexually violent and aggressive behavior toward women . A potential White House Steve Bannon for Conway is a Trump’s . A Trump Steve Bannon says the    Steve Bannon made clear to Conway Steve Bannon he wants her to work in the new administration , but she has not decided whether to do so for Trump’s reasons . That includes being mother to four young children . CNN is told Conway is Conway likely to stay outside the government and follow the template of President Barack Obama Conway 2008 Conway strategist Conway Plouffe , who the Trump administration go in Conway White House . Conway may follow that model and help the Trump administration by organizing conservative groups and pushing Trump policies and legislation Conway the outside . Given Conway ’s exposure through the Trump campaign , she is also poised to make a lot of money working outside of government . This story has been updated . Conway Conway Conway Conway 