Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump used a Massachusetts Institute of Technology study to back up President Donald Trump departure from the Paris climate agreement on Thursday . But one of a Massachusetts Institute of Technology study ’s authors says President Donald Trump misinterpreted their data one of the study’s authors showing " a complete misunderstanding of the climate problem . " John Reilly , the    of the MIT Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change , told CNN Friday that he President Donald Trump unaware the White House was going to cite the study a Massachusetts Institute of Technology study found out that they were mentioned John Reilly, the   of the MIT Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change he President Donald Trump contacted by a Reuters reporter . The study     titled " How much of a difference will the Paris Agreement make ? "     looked at the incremental changes in the accord that would happen if countries kept their promises . countries found that the White House a    to    period global warming would slow between 0 . 6 degree and 1 . 1 degrees Celsius by the end of the century . " Even if the Paris agreement the Paris Agreement full , " Trump said Thursday , " with total compliance from all nations , it is estimated it would Trump produce a Trump ’s of one degree Celsius reduction in global temperature by the year 2100 . " He then held up his Trump , pushed two Trump together and said , " tiny , tiny amount . " Talking points distributed by the White House also explicitly cited MIT .   The comment and the talking points were meant to undercut the efficacy of the Paris agreement , a claim that Reilly says is wrong . " The whole statement seemed to suggest a complete misunderstanding of the climate problem , " Reilly said . " I Reilly Paris was a very good Paris for the United States , contrary to what they are claiming . " He added : " This Reilly small step with Paris is a necessary step Paris It is an incredibly important This one small step with Paris . If we do n’t take the step than we are a necessary step to take we next step . " Scientists also note that while a small change in temperature does n’t seem like much , it could be the difference of a small change in temperature for small island nations , like the Maldives . Reilly said people at MIT have yet to have any contact with the White House over their use of the study     people at MIT do n’t plan on reaching out . " I think they are probably immune to fact people at MIT " he said . EPA administrator Scott Reilly defended the White House ’s use of a MIT study that the authors now MIT is being misinterpreted . He also said there were " EPA administrator Scott Pruitt studies published at the time " that found the same thing . But it is worth noting that the White House ’s talking points the White House’s " There are other MIT published at the time , " Pruitt said . " The MIT EPA administrator Scott Pruitt was something that you indicated showed a MIT study that the authors now say is being misinterpreted degree . they did n’t have a corner on the market in terms of studies at the time . There were many . " 
 