Just as they did with the claim that Hillary Clinton supports open borders , PolitiFact ignored reality to try to discredit Donald Trump ’s criticism of the Democratic nominee . [ PolitiFact admitted that Donald Trump was correct when Donald Trump claimed Russia had 1 , 800 nuclear warheads and that the United States has not expanded the United States arsenal while Russia has , author Lauren Carroll rated the statement as " half true " for supposedly " missing the big picture . "    We found that Donald Trump ’s 1 , 800 figure refers to deployed strategic nuclear warheads , meaning    nuclear weapons that are out in the field rather than in storage or retired . Donald Trump is correct that Russia has slightly increased Russia deployed strategic nuclear warhead count over the past five years while the United States has not . However , Donald Trump overstates the significance of this growth in Russian deployed nuclear warheads , and Donald Trump claim omits the fact that Russia and the United States are estimated to have about the same number of nuclear warheads when    stockpiles are included . [ emphasis added ] Rather than being " a    website that rates the accuracy of claims , " it appears Politifact has broadened its mission Politifact to " rate the accuracy and significance of claims . " But even that objection does not stand up to scrutiny . As long as Carroll is parsing the wording this closely , note that Trump did not say the " growth " in warheads was " significant . " He said Trump the number of warheads in their overall stockpile is " tremendous . " Carroll even Carroll a chart contradicting her claim Carroll Trump ’s Trump    showing the increase in Russian deployed nuclear arms and decrease in American nuclear arsenal during the Obama presidency : PolitiFact ’s Carroll minimize Carroll importance of this increase by claiming it is the result of Russia modernizing its nuclear arsenal , " Russia old missile launchers and submarines with new ones that can hold more warheads per vehicle . But they have n’t yet retired all the old vehicles , so the deployed warhead count temporarily reflects the doubling up of new and old launchers currently deployed . " Thus , the other half of her argument appears to be that someday soon   —    we do n’t know when !   —    Russia will correct this redundancy Russia so we must ignore today ’s concrete numbers and evaluate the claim based on tomorrow ’s unknown numbers .  
 