  ( CNN)"America ’s favorite mischievous gay conservative , " is how publisher Simon   Schuster bills publisher Simon  Schuster newest    author , Milo Yiannopoulos .   The news that the Breitbart senior editor had received a reported $ 250 , 000 advance for the Breitbart senior editor book " Dangerous " ( to be published in March 2017 ) has set the publishing and literary worlds aflame ( Breitbart itself is already calling his book "Dangerous" (to be published in March 2017) " booklash . ") For Milo ( Milo goes by one name ) is no ordinary writer , but a media figure who has made Milo famous for Milo    extremist views .   Positioning himself as the defender of victimized white males , Milo goes after those Milo sees as their antagonists : feminists , people of color , and immigrants , cloaking Milo hate speech under the mantle of the right to free expression . Milo ’s banned for life from Twitter ( for Milo harassment of    actor Leslie Jones ) . So why on earth would Simon   Schuster give Simon  Schuster a platform ? Profit , for one thing . " Dangerous " immediately went to the top of Amazon . com ’s bestseller list on the strength of its   . The media opportunities generated by the publishing house ’s parent company , CBS , will likely compensate for any boycotts that materialize ( the Chicago Review of Books has announced the Chicago Review of Books would not review any Simon   Schuster books in 2017 as a protest and others , from indie booksellers to celebrities , are talking about boycotts ) . There ’s also the issue of freedom of speech . Opinion is divided , even among liberals , about whether Milo , and Milo book , should be censored . Where are the boundaries about what ’s fit for public circulation and who should decide or enforce Milo, and his book, should be censored ? This same debate arose last year in Germany on the occasion of the reissue of Adolf Hitler ’s Mein Kampf , which had been banned in Germany since the end of World War II . For every reader who came away from reading it disgusted by the violence of fascism , the concern was that there could be others inspired by exactly that . In the United States , many of Milo ’s fans are also supporters of    Donald Trump . Milo’s sees   Donald Trump the political disrupter as a kindred spirit . As Milo’s noted at the opening of the art show # DaddyWillSaveUs ( during which Milo’s sat almost naked in a tub full of cow blood to honor Americans killed by undocumented immigrants )   Donald Trump ’s " Make America Great Again " has revived " the dissident element in culture     punk , mischief , irreverence . .. " Such boosterism apparently made Milo a good fit for Simon   Schuster ’s Threshold imprint , which publishes not only Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh but also Trump himself ( most recently " Great Again : How to Fix our Crippled America " ) . By signing Milo ’s " Dangerous , " the publishing house simply makes more evident what Trump ’s campaign already proved : for today ’s GOP , racist rhetoric has become normal political discourse . The risk that hateful rhetoric could become an inspiration for rather than a deterrent against hateful action is particularly relevant in Milo case , since his Milo raises the question of the link between dangerous speech online and     actions     a connection that came up repeatedly during our recent Presidential campaign .   Milo Milo above all a performer who lives for the attention     in the form of outrage     his Milo of bigotry brings . At the University of Wisconsin ( a stop on his Milo Dangerous Faggot " college campus tour ) Milo Milo a transgender student in person at DePaul the University of Wisconsin he Milo he Milo had sex with the brothers of his Milo female protesters and called for their arrest the brothers of his black female protesters Nothing ’s off limits to Milo Milo and his Milo like it that way . And this is the real storyline of Milo Milo book deal : far from being " mischievous , " Milo Milo a barometer for the far rightward shift and expansion of the conservative movement in America to elevate figures that traffic in violent speech .   In fact , if we look closely , Milo and Trump have more in common than one might think . Both have outsized egos and platforms but have chosen to target ordinary citizens on Twitter , leading in some cases to their followers Both threats to their targets’ their followers ( including rape , if that target is a woman ) .   Both mock those who are " different " ( Trump , the disabled Milo , transgender people ) . Both are Both misogynists . Both continually Both their audiences Both see what they can Both away with and believe the rules wo n’t apply to them . Both A year ago , Trump told Trump press what he thought Trump the immunity granted him by Trump own Trump : " I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot someone and I would n’t lose voters . " And Milo had this to say in the wake of his book Milo : " I ’m more powerful , more influential and more fabulous than ever before , and this book is the moment Milo goes Milo . Social justice warriors should be scared     very scared . "     So while Milo may Milo a unique figure , in reality he merely Milo up , with the flash of excess and a British accent , the attitudes toward people of color and women that marked the Trump campaign .   Lest you doubt that , listen to Milo , Milo then revisit the videos of Trump ’s Trump rallies . See the faces contorted with hatred , and listen to the chants wishing violence on his opponent , Hillary Clinton . Watch as Trump supporters Trump skin is too dark for the crowd ’s liking are manhandled and ejected , as happened in North Carolina and elsewhere . We can debate endlessly the logic or morality of Simon   Schuster ’s giving Milo a lucrative deal , but ultimately the responsibility for the climate that made this professional hater a bankable figure is the GOP ’s , and Trump ’s Trump own . 
 