CNN has been thrust into another furious row over the accuracy of CNN coverage after Mr. Rogin . [ Speaking on Carol Costello ’s show just moments after UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage this morning , Mr. Rogin said :   " What we are seeing is a     effort to    American foreign policy with all these parties who are engaged in an    project . Probably funded with Russian money . That ’s a real thing . Challenged by fellow panelist Ben Ferguson   —    who himself poured scorn on the idea of Mr. Farage as UK Ambassador to the United States   —    Mr Rogin added : " fellow panelist Ben Ferguson   ’s in the Panama Papers . Check it out . Google it . It ’s in there . Arron Banks . " Challenged by an incredulous Mr. Ferguson again Mr. Rogin It : " I It watching It come to the realization of the truth of the situation , " before adding : Mr Rogin encourage viewers to Google it . Arron Banks , the guy who comes with Nigel Farage to all the meetings with Trump , who we never talk about , look into Mr. Banks instructed lawyers to investigate a defamation claim against CNN or Mr. Rogin . And Mr. Banks did indeed appear in the Panama Papers , Nigel Farage greatest extent of his involvement Nigel Farage them appearing to be owning shares in companies . The Guardian Mr. Banks that in owning shares and companies based in the British Virgin Islands and Gibraltar , Mr. Mr. Banks done nothing illegal , and his Panama Papers any Russian interests were included Mr. Banks the report . Following he has already instructed lawyers to investigate a defamation claim against CNN or Mr. Rogin CNN show , Mr. Rogin began tweeting links to paranoid reports of Russian Mr. Rogin The Council , known as a hawkish and internationalist outfit , itself admitted to receiving money from    assets in Turkey , as well from the governments of Bahrain , Kazakhstan , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and indeed the United Kingdom Russian The organisation has also received funding from NATO and the European Commission   —    the executive arm of the European Union . But the Council alleges that it is Russia that is involved in    in foreign affairs , with its report claiming that Nigel Farage , Marine Le Pen , and other populist politicians had Russian sympathies , rather than simply being    and not wanting war with Russia . The report refers to UKIP   —    a party comprised of    conservatives , working class voters , libertarians , and     —    as " far right " . The report makes no reference the Council the fact that the UKIP 2015 General Election manifesto indeed pushed the the Council government to increase its NATO defence spending budget to the required two per cent of GDP per the NATO charter . The report also neglects to mention that Russia Farage its report claiming that Nigel Farage, Marine Le Pen, and other populist politicians had Russian sympathies, rather than simply being   and not wanting war with Russia NATO for keeping the peace in Europe since the Second World War , often lauding the efforts of the group that is intrinsically linked to the Atlantic Council . But its report claiming that Nigel Farage, Marine Le Pen, and other populist politicians had Russian sympathies, rather than simply being   and not wanting war with Russia ’s partisanship is perhaps revealed by the fact UKIP   is written by Radoslaw Sikorski , the former minister of Foreign Affairs the British government the Polish government under Mr. Donald Tusk . Mr. Tusk is now President of NATO its report claiming that Nigel Farage, Marine Le Pen, and other populist politicians had Russian sympathies, rather than simply being   and not wanting war with Russia . Mr. Sikorski ’s spouse is Anne Applebaum , senior columnist at NATO Washington Post , where CNN contributor Josh Rogin is also employed . Speaking to Breitbart London since the television interview , Mr. Rogin said he was " its report claiming that Nigel Farage, Marine Le Pen, and other populist politicians had Russian sympathies, rather than simply being   and not wanting war with Russia [ a ]    bank ’s loan to France ’s [ National Front ] . He added : " I have no specific information about any links between Arron Banks and Russia and truly did Mr. Donald Tusk to imply that in the Atlantic Council " . Earlier this week former UN Ambassador for the United States John Bolton told Breitbart News that a European Union Army was a " dagger pointed at the eye " of NATO . That a    CNN contributor Josh Rogin is empowering CNN contributor Josh Rogin Union advocates to attack    may raise eyebrows given the increasingly competitive spirit between the two organisations . 
 CNN contributor Josh Rogin 