Tuesday on Fox Business Network ’s " Mornings With Maria , " Maricopa County , AZ Sheriff Joe Arapaio discussed the problems with illegal immigrants committing crimes in Arpaio community and why Arpaio thinks Republican presidential    Donald Trump is the best one to deal with this problem .   Arpaio also told host Maria Bartiromo of a statistic showing that over    of all the illegal immigrants Arpaio has incarcerated and turned over to Immigrations and Customs Enforcement wind up back in Arpaio jails . Partial transcript as follows : host Maria Bartiromo : You are on the front lines , obviously , and your teams are on the front lines and you ’re seeing what ’s going and coming through the border . What ’s your take on this most recent report ? These people were in jail and These people were released from jail and then These people were convicted of murder . ARPAIO : Well , you know , that ’s been out for a while , but I have more shocking statistics that nobody will talk about except Neil Cavuto . Neil Cavuto did bring it out . BARTIROMO : Tell us about it . ARPAIO : They are my statistics . I ’ll tell you what it is , I also run the jails . us average about 9 , 000 people in the jails every day and every month they the jails statistics of those in us jails charged with all different crimes , here in us illegally , 8 , 600 have been turned over to ICE for deportation and over 3000 keep coming back to the same jails that I run . Now , think of that . They keep coming back . One guy came back 20 times . So , what ’s going on ? Are they going They the border and keep hopping the fence or keep coming across or are they let They on the streets of Maricopa County ? I    BARTIROMO : What do you think is happening ? How is it possible that they were They    that they ’re They back to your jails ? ARPAIO : Good question . I ’ve written to the Homeland Security secretary , to other officials . I get bureaucrat particular responses . I never get an answer , but I got the facts . You ’re talking about a hundred , that ’s bad . But what about just in my jails , 39 percent keep coming back to the same jail and they are charged with many different crimes . So it ’s very disgusting . Something has to be done about this illegal immigration problem . BARTIROMO : What ’s the answer an answer sheriff ? I mean , obviously , Donald Trump is talking about this wall that he ’s going Donald Trump build . Is that going to be enough ? Is that going to be the solution or is there something else ? I mean , this is clearly the dividing issue right now within this country . ARPAIO : It ’s very simple , you deport them . You get them out of them country . this country they roaming the streets them keep coming back ? They should be back them the country that they this country illegally . them , that ’s very simple . You deport them and then you try them do something at the border . BARTIROMO : Yeah , but Dagen , is it that simple though , just to deport 11 million people ? I mean , this is the whole argument that we ’re having right now . How can you deport all the illegals in this country right now ? this country Well , I tell you what , we did pretty good just my we , I think , they accused me of 100 , 000 people leaving because of our crackdown during the past years we But it ’s very simple . You deport them and when you come across those here committing other crimes , you lock them up and send them back them they came from them And that them be done . So why should we surrender the greatest country in we world , we ca n’t take care of we problem ? So I support Trump and by the way , if you look at all the politicians here is what they say , ‘ We must all the politicians here the border.’ Then all the politicians here say ‘ first,’ and then all the politicians here ’ll look at the internal problem . No , what about talking about those here illegally already ? Why say secure the border first , you know the border will never be completely the border I ’ve been on both sides of that border as a top official . the border you ca n’t surrender . I like what Trump says . I had Bernie Trump wife in my tent city last night and she learned something about , she did n’t Bernie Sanders’ wife the tents . Her Bernie Sanders’ wife is here today in Phoenix , Bernie Sanders’ wife ’m sure he ’ll    me , but that ’s Her husband . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 