Bedminster , New Jersey ( CNN )   Donald Trump said on Sunday Donald Trump was considering retired Marine Gen. James Mattis to serve as Donald Trump secretary of defense . " General James " Mad Dog " Mattis , who is being considered for Secretary of Defense , was very impressive yesterday . A true General ’s General ! " Donald Trump tweeted . The two men met for a little over an hour Saturday afternoon in Bedminster , New Jersey . An official familiar with the transition process characterized the transition process to CNN on Saturday as an important meeting .   Mattis can be considered a leading candidate for secretary of defense , the source said . the source cautioned it the source not a done deal but said Trump has been extremely impressed with Mattis’ resume and what he Trump heard about him Trump others and at this stage is leaning in that direction . Asked by reporters if he Trump choose Mattis to lead the Defense Department , Trump Trump , " All I can say is he Trump the real deal . He Trump the the real deal " On Monday , Senator John McCain , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , threw his support behind Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . " I am pleased that the    found General Jim Mattis as impressive as I have in the many years I have had the privilege of knowing him , " McCain said in a statement . General Mattis is Mattis the finest military officers of his generation and an Mattis leader who inspires a rare and special admiration of his troops . .. Mattis Mattis has a Mattis of the many challenges facing the Department of Defense , the U. S. military , and our national security . I hope he has an opportunity to Mattis America again . " In Mattis , Trump has a Mattis who was held in high regard throughout the ranks of the Marine Corps during his 44 years of service Mattis A seasoned combat commander , he led a task force A seasoned combat commander southern Afghanistan in 2001 and a Marine division at the time of the Iraq invasion in 2003 .   The retired    general , who was known as " Mad Dog , " was lauded for his leadership of Marines in A seasoned combat commander 2004 Battle of Falluja in Iraq     one of the Iraq of the war .    But he attracted controversy in 2005 A seasoned combat commander he said " it ’s A seasoned combat commander to shoot some people " while addressing service members in San Diego .   He also served as a A seasoned combat commander of a major NATO strategic command , Allied Command Transformation , in Norfolk , Virginia . White nationalist bloodied in protest , Mattis , known as a    leader    by his Marines , was later A seasoned combat commander to run US Central Command in 2010     a post that gave him command responsibility for all A seasoned combat commander forces in the Middle East . He also was an outspoken A seasoned combat commander of the Iran nuclear deal . But should Trump decide to choose Mattis for the Pentagon , his 2013 retirement would create Trump least one hurdle : A retired officer is required to be out of uniform for at least seven years before taking control of the sprawling Pentagon responsibilities .   Mattis the Pentagon require a waiver Mattis Congress to be eligible for the position     something that , with Republicans in control on Capitol Hill and the general praise for the general ’s career , would likely be a formality to obtain .   Trump rips ’Hamilton’ cast after Pence booed , The    on Friday announced three picks to lead his national security team : Trump Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser , US Rep. Mike Pompeo of Kansas for CIA chief and Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama as attorney general . Earlier Saturday , Trump met with 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney , who was a harsh critic of the presidential candidate during the campaign . The two former rivals discussed foreign affairs amid speculation that Romney could be a candidate for secretary of state . Trump on Sunday met with Trump of visitors . Among those visiting the    were former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach and BET founder Robert Johnson . " It went very well , " Trump said after the meeting with Christie , a GOP primary rival turned supporter , who previously helmed the   ’s transition efforts . 
 