  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton forced Donald Trump onto defense over Donald Trump temperament , refusal to release Donald Trump taxes and Donald Trump past comments about race and women during a fiery debut presidential debate Monday     a potentially pivotal moment in a tight election campaign . Clinton , who has seen Hillary Clinton dominance of the presidential race fade in the weeks since the Democratic convention , delivered a strong performance in which Hillary Clinton demonstrated a command of policy and a sense of humor , smiling through some of Trump ’s strongest attacks . Hillary Clinton delivered the best zinger of the night in response to criticism from Trump for staying off the campaign trail recently . " I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate , " Hillary Clinton said . " And yes , I did . And you know what else I prepared for ? I prepared to be President . And that is a good thing . "   Trump came out swinging at the beginning of this debate , and made some effective points on the economy and jobs     some of the aspects of Trump outsider presidential campaign that have struck a chord with many Americans . But the this debate Trump tendency to make false claims as he Trump inaccurate statements on everything from laws regarding policing , his Trump for the Iraq War and his Trump that Clinton was behind the    birther conspiracy . CNN ’s Reality Check Team vets the claims at the first debate , Appearing in the " spin room " after the debate to talk to journalists , Trump said he was happy Trump his performance . Trump It went better than I ever thought , " he told CNN Trump Dana CNN . A    poll of debate watchers released after the event found 62 % felt Clinton won compared to 27 % for Trump . The Trump suggests A   poll of debate watchers released audience was a bit more Democratic than the public as a whole , about on par with the Democratic tilt in the audience that watched the first debate in 2008 between Obama and John McCain . One of the most powerful moments of the debate came when the conversation focused on the    birther debate following Trump ’s recent acknowledgment that President Barack Obama was Obama US     a fact that has been evident for years . With Trump standing just a few feet Trump her , Clinton blasted him for Trump a Trump racist Trump . " " He has a long record of Trump in racist behavior , " Clinton said as Trump shook his Trump . Trump Trump back Trump noting Clinton Trump tough critiques of Obama Trump their bitter 2008 primary battle . Trump ’Holier than thou’ " You treated him with terrible disrespect and I Trump the way you talk now about how lovely everything is . .. it does n’t work that way , " he said . " When you Trump to act holier than thou , it really does n’t work . it As the debate ended , Clinton hammered Trump over his treatment Trump women Trump     Trump This is a man who has called women pigs , slobs and dogs , " Clinton said . She accused Trump Trump calling a Trump contestant Trump beauty contest " Miss Piggy " and a housekeeper because of her ethnicity , seemingly throwing Trump off Trump he twice asked " Trump did you find this ? "   Who is Alicia Machado ? Former Miss Universe said Trump called her Miss Piggy , Clinton Trump sought Former Miss Universe correct Trump ’s statements     going so far Trump referring viewers to fact checks on her website     as she aimed to Clinton him as out Clinton touch with the he of the American economy .   " I know you live in your own reality , " she told Trump . Clinton and Trump Clinton the Trump on Clinton positive Trump by shaking hands before stationing themselves behind their podiums at Hofstra University Clinton and Trump New Clinton and Trump ’s Long Island . Their spouses , former President Bill Clinton Clinton and Trump Melania Trump , also greeted each other before taking their seats in the debate hall . Their spouses, former President Bill Clinton and Melania Trump there , the drama quickly unfolded . An increasingly angry Trump slammed Clinton for putting her plans to fight ISIS on her An increasingly angry Trump     and thereby tipping off An increasingly angry Trump ’s enemy .   " Well , at least I have a plan to fight ISIS , " Clinton responded , referring ISIS his previous Clinton that he has a Clinton secret " plan Clinton destroy the terrorist group . Battling over taxes , Clinton also hit Trump over his refusal Clinton release his tax returns Clinton   " Why Clinton n’t he release his tax returns ? " Clinton asked his tax returns he is Clinton as rich as he Clinton he is , " she Clinton on Clinton " Maybe he Clinton not as charitable as he Clinton to be , " " Clinton he does n’t want the American people Clinton know that he has paid nothing in federal taxes Clinton " Clinton pressed Trump on the issue , Clinton " There is something he is hiding . " Trump replied Clinton he would release his taxes when Trump on Clinton public 33 Clinton 000 emails Clinton were deleted from her private email server . When Clinton Clinton that Trump had paid no Clinton income tax in some Trump on , Trump replied " That makes me smart . " Trump on also set about Trump ’s business Clinton , pointing out that he Trump on himself " The King Clinton Debt " Clinton accusing him of " stiffing " thousand of Clinton who did work for his business . When the debate turned Clinton racial issues and crime , Clinton said that it was important for Clinton to work together with local communities to restore trust .   Trump accused Clinton of refusing to say the phrase Clinton law and order " and bemoaned the state of inner cities . He said that    and Hispanics were " living in Trump . "   " You walk down the street , you get shot , " Trump said . Clinton rebuked Trump for painting " such Trump dire picture " of Trump communities . Campaign at a critical point , Trump and Clinton are facing off with the campaign Clinton Trump critical point , as the race is a dead heat just 43 days before Election Day .   A    poll released Monday found Trump edging Clinton 42 % to 41 % in Clinton Trump battleground state of Colorado among likely voters in a    race . In Pennsylvania , another key state , the poll found Clinton in a virtual tie against Trump A   poll released Monday voters at 45 % to 44 % Trump The former secretary of state is relying on both states to help pave her way to the 270 electoral votes needed to win the The former secretary of state House . Nationally , CNN ’s Poll of Polls finds Clinton and Trump     44 % % Clinton Debate prep , The rivals spent the day preparing for their big battle . Clinton participated in mock debates with her The rivals former aide Philippe Reines playing Clinton . In one practice debate , Reines assumed the character of the unpredictable nominee by praising Clinton Philippe Reines her role as a pioneer Clinton women Clinton campaign sources said . Reines even wore the kind of signature red tie that Trump Philippe Reines and adopted his characteristic hand gestures in a bid Trump fully prepare Clinton Philippe Reines her unpredictable foe . The Clinton nominee Clinton watched videos of Clinton , but his the unpredictable nominee Clinton intense than his opponent ’s , in keeping the unpredictable nominee his more freewheeling style . He the unpredictable nominee not hold mock debates , for the unpredictable nominee , with someone standing the unpredictable nominee for Clinton . 
 Clinton 