PORTLAND , Me .   —    Facing urgent calls to stabilize his candidacy and declining poll numbers , Donald J. Trump struggled on Thursday to refocus Donald J. Trump message after threatening to withhold Donald J. Trump endorsement from top Republican officeholders , including Paul D. Ryan , the speaker of the House . Snarling Donald J. Trump efforts to move past the controversy , he and Donald J. Trump running Donald J. Trump , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , broke ranks for the second time in two days on questions of party unity . Having already split with Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump refusal to Donald J. Trump Mr. Ryan , Mr. Pence went his own way Mr. Pence Thursday , telling WTKR , a television news station in Norfolk , Va. that he supported senators Mr. Pence for    whom Mr. Trump had Donald J. Trump John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire . Mr. Pence at first gave an equivocal answer on Thursday regarding the senators . But senators running for    by the television station to clarify whether he supported them , he Mr. Pence , senators running for    Well Mr. Pence course I support John McCain and Kelly Ayotte John McCain of our Kelly Ayotte . " In his own travels , Mr. Trump was Mr. Pence in his effort Mr. Pence back on the offensive Mr. Pence an audacious foray into Maine , a solidly Democratic state in presidential elections . Visiting Portland , a liberal downstate city , Mr. Trump was repeatedly interrupted by young demonstrators Mr. Pence copies of the Constitution   —    a reference to Khizr Khan , the father of an American soldier killed in Iraq , who charged during the Democratic National Convention last week that Mr. Trump had never read the document . Mr. Mr. Pence campaign has been in crisis for a Mr. Pence since his criticism of the Khan family set off a war of words Mr. Pence Mr. Trump and a host of Republicans who have repudiated his comments . There were only scattered signs of healing on Thursday Mr. Pence Mr. Trump and the party he nominally leads . There is mounting pressure on Mr. Trump to regain his footing in the race and repair some of the damage he Mr. Trump sustained in swing states . Trailing Hillary Clinton in national Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump has also fallen badly behind in a battery of    Mr. Trump over the course of the week . He trailed Mrs. Clinton by 6 percentage points in Florida , according to Mr. Trump Suffolk Hillary Clinton , and by 11 points in Pennsylvania in a poll taken by Franklin   Marshall College . Polls by local television stations in New Hampshire and Michigan found Mr. Trump well behind Mrs. Clinton in both states . This dire polling may further undermine Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton relationship with Republicans in Washington . Mr. Trump played down the Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan at a campaign stop here on Mr. Trump calling Mr. Ryan a " good Mr. Trump " and discouraging a supportive crowd from booing Mr. Ryan ’s name Mr. Ryan turn , Mr. Ryan said he continued to support Mr. Trump , calling Mr. Ryan matter of respect for the will of Mr. Ryan . Mr. Mr. Ryan also projected feisty optimism during the visit to Maine , one of two states with the practice of awarding Mr. Trump College votes based on the popular vote in each congressional district . Mr. Trump said that some people believed that he could pick up a single Electoral College vote in the northernmost of the Mr. Trump two districts . But in an auditorium Mr. Trump Portland ’s City Hall , Electoral College said he was hopeful about turning the whole state red for the first time since 1988 . " We have such Mr. Trump up here Mr. Trump " he said . " the state that like Donald Trump . " He drew rounds of applause with    riffs about keeping dangerous Mr. Trump out of the United States and We a Mr. Trump the border with Mr. Trump . Attacking President Obama for arranging a large financial payment to Iran , Mr. Trump described seeing a video of a plane landing in Iran bearing cash in several currencies   —    even though there is no Mr. Trump such a video exists . ( At a news conference shortly after , Iran Obama denounced criticism by Mr. Trump and others of the payments . ) Mr. Trump told supporters that Mr. Pence had come to seek his permission before endorsing President Obama . " He said , ‘ I like him Mr. Trump ’s a friend of mine , would you mind if Mr. Trump endorsed him , and I will not Mr. Trump it if you say no,’ Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump said . " I say , ‘ Mike , you like him Mr. Trump Yes . Go ahead and do it . " Yet I endorsed him Trump Mr. Trump turbulent reception inside and outside the hall , where a crowd of Mr. Trump assembled . Several held up signs describing Mr. Trump as a Mr. Trump and a few women held placards quoting Margaret Chase Smith , a Maine senator who vocally opposed Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s . Mr. Trump remarks , Mr. Trump drew interruptions from the demonstrators who silently held up miniature copies of the Constitution , some of them with the logo of the American Civil Liberties Union on Mr. Trump Joseph McCarthy As they were escorted out , the protesters faced jeers from Mr. Trump ’s supporters several said they had been jostled interruptions from the demonstrators who silently held up miniature copies of the Constitution had their pocket Constitutions snatched away . Julia Legler , one of more than interruptions from the demonstrators who silently held up miniature copies of the Constitution dozen demonstrators , said the Mr. Trump " Islamophobic ,    garbage " emanating from the interruptions from the demonstrators who silently held up miniature copies of the Constitution campaign . She said their interruptions from the demonstrators who silently held up miniature copies of the Constitution was Mr. Khan . " The goal was to make a statement , support Khizr Khan and their pocket Constitutions , expose that Trump supporters have no ideas what they are talking about , " said Ms. their pocket Constitutions , 24 . Mr. Trump was dismissive of the protest , calling it " sort Mr. Khan . " As the crowd chanted Trump the demonstrators , Mr. Trump said Trump supporters times in a weary tone , " Do whatever you Trump " As Mr. Trump ’s candidacy has come under intensifying strain this week , he has sharpened his attacks on Mrs. Clinton , Trump wielding unusually barbed language , even by the standards of his campaign . In Pennsylvania on Monday Trump described the Democratic nominee as " the devil . " And Trump Maine , Trump Trump responded with approval when his top supporter in the state , Gov. Paul LePage , whipped Trump the crowd in a speech branding Mrs. Trump the queen of corruption . " " We need to reject corrupt politicians , " Trump said . " We need Trump Mr. LePage the people of this country , defeat the queen of corruption . " Joining Mr. LePage onstage , Mr. Trump responded enthusiastically . " I think , " he said , " we are going to have to use that . " 
 We We Mr. Trump 