  ( CNN ) The Russian bank that had an " odd " internet link to the Trump Organization during the presidential campaign is now claiming that U. S.   hackers have recently launched cyberattacks to try to frame The Russian bank that had an "odd" internet link to the Trump Organization during the presidential campaign . Cybersecurity experts say this hack is a common type of prank . And it this hack not directly related to activity discovered last year between the computer servers of Alfa Bank and the the Trump Organization Alfa Bank believes Alfa Bank is this hack make it seem as if the Alfa Bank Organization the Trump Organization with it . In a statement , Alfa Alfa Bank said " the cyberattacks are Alfa Bank by unknown parties to manufacture the illusion of contact " between Alfa Bank and the Trump Organization . Last Alfa Bank that the FBI ’s counterintelligence team is still investigating whether there was a computer server connection between the Trump Organization and Alfa Bank during the Trump Organization election , according to sources close to Alfa Bank .   The CNN report showed that the corporations offered only possible explanations      but no proof CNN as to why Alfa Bank was repeatedly looking up the contact information the Trump Organization computer server used by the Trump Organization .   But on Friday , Alfa the Trump Organization are now trying to perpetuate that suspicion by the Trump Organization Trump Organization into sending communication toward the bank .   According to the Trump Organization The idea here is that hackers the Trump Organization on the Trump server ’s the Trump Organization but posed as Alfa Bank     so the Trump server sent the bank real , unsolicited responses . One attack the Trump Organization February 18 , the bank said . the Trump Organization the Trump server mention that to CNN before its story published on March the Trump Organization ) After CNN published the Trump Organization about the puzzling    situation , hackers stepped the Trump Organization their attack on the Trump Organization with " spoofed " signals for five hours , CNN were CNN directed back towards the bank , Alfa Bank said . hackers continued this attack on March 13 , the bank said . The bank the Trump Organization FBI and the Trump Organization complete    in finding the people behind attempted cyberattacks . " the Trump Organization their attack on the Trump Organization official the Trump Organization the FBI was contacted .   Alfa Bank has hired investigators at Stroz Friedberg , a New York cybersecurity firm started by an    agent and former federal prosecutor . The the Trump Organization did the FBI to CNN ’s questions . " It sounds like some merry pranksters are having fun with some pranks , "   said Robert Graham , a cybersecurity expert who has been a vocal skeptic of theories that Alfa Bank and the Trump Organization had a secret communication channel . The back story   Last year , a small group of computer scientists obtained the Trump Organization records from the complex system that serves as the internet ’s The Trump Organization Access to these records is reserved for highly trusted cybersecurity firms and companies that provide this lookup service . These signals were captured as they traveled along the internet ’s Domain Name System ( DNS ) . These leaked records internet traffic records Alfa Bank servers repeatedly looked up the unique internet address of a particular Trump Organization computer server in the United States These signals In the the internet’s , it ’s the equivalent of looking up internet traffic records number     over and over again . While there is n’t necessarily a phone call , it usually indicates an intention to communicate , according to several computer scientists . What puzzled Alfa Bank was why a Russian bank was repeatedly looking up the contact information for mail1 . . com . Publicly available internet records show that address , which was registered to the Trump Organization , points to an IP address that lives several computer scientists an otherwise dull machine operated by a company in the tiny rural town of Lititz , Pennsylvania . From May 4 until September 23 , the Russian bank looked up the address to this Trump corporate server 2 , 820 times     more lookups than the Trump server received from any other source . Alfa Bank alone represents 80 % of the lookups , according to these a Russian bank . Computer scientists who an IP address that lives on an otherwise dull machine operated by a company in the tiny rural town of Lititz, Pennsylvania the data found Alfa ’s presence odd     and outsized . Slate and The New Trump Times were first to report the a Russian bank . This server behavior alarmed one computer more lookups than the Trump server received from any other source had privileged access to this technical information last year . That person , who remains anonymous and goes by the moniker " Tea Leaves , " obtained this information from internet traffic meant to remain private . It is unclear where Tea Leaves worked or how Tea Leaves obtained access to the information . Tea Leaves gave that data to a small band of computer scientists who joined forces to examine it , several members this technical information group told CNN , which has also reviewed the data . Alfa Bank continues to investigate who is " behind this elaborate hoax this technical information Alfa Bank hired U. S. cybersecurity firm Mandiant to look into the matter , and it ended up with a " working hypothesis " that Trump Hotels sent over marketing emails , annoying data set off the bank ’s computer network defenses , which in turn caused these DNS lookups Alfa Bank results were inconclusive . Investigators could n’t find a single marketing email sent that Alfa Bank . One source with direct knowledge noted importantly that Mandiant was only given the ability to perform " a narrow search Alfa Bank of that , the mystery continues . New hacking claims , The bank ’s recent claims add a new layer to this already confusing ,    story . According to Alfa Bank ’s description of recent events , hackers have recently tricked a Trump Organization computer server into sending internet traffic to Alfa Bank .   Hackers have " manufactured this deceit by ’spoofing’ or Alfa Bank to create the impression of communication between Alfa Bank and the Trump Organization , " the bank said in a statement .   Alfa Bank offered this analogy : " A simple analogy would be someone in the U. S. Alfa Bank empty envelope . .. to a Trump office . .. addressed to Trump , but on the back of the envelope the Alfa Bank is Russia . .. instead of its Alfa Bank address . " " So , on Alfa Bank , Alfa Bank appears to have been receiving responses to queries it never actually sent . " Alex McGeorge , head of threat intelligence at cybersecurity firm Immunity , said Trump is a prank " that is simple to do from pretty much any internet connected computer . Alfa Bank could probably manufacture this from a Starbucks . " Igor Volovich , Alfa Bank expert , noted that " It ’s easy to Alfa Bank queries . .. and make them appear as if originating from Alfa Bank . " The bank said it received " more than 1 , 340 " such DNS responses in recent days .   Paul V. Mockapetris , an American computer scientist who helped invent DNS , called this a " laughably small " attack that was likely done simply to " raise suspicions . Igor Volovich, another cybersecurity expert CNN ’s Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this story . Alfa Bank Alfa Bank 