’’ ’The biggest test that Tesla and CEO Elon Musk will face in 2017 is the successful launch of the Model 3    vehicle , expected to be had for around $ 30 , 000 once tax breaks and credits are applied.’ ’The Model 3 will deliver more than 200 miles of range on a single charge and benefit , for a fee , from Tesla extensive   which will enable    drives.’ ’After selling $ 100 , 000 luxury sedans for several years and adding a luxury SUV in the Model X in 2015 , Tesla is finally unleashing a Tesla Tesla the rest of us.’ " Nearly 400 , 000    for the Model 3 , at $ 1 , 000 apiece , certainly prove that the rest of us is a sizable group . That ’s an unprecedented level of advance demand for an automobile , of any sort . " " But there ’s a major problem looming for the the Model 3 Tesla , one that has n’t yet been thoroughly discussed . " ’Will Tesla a Tesla able to afford to build this car?’ " We ’re in the early stages of what could be a major structural shift in the auto industry , away from passenger cars and into SUVs and pickup trucks . Fiat Chrysler Automobiles CEO Sergio Marchionne already says the change is underway . " " Other industry leaders are n’t yet ready to give up on cars , but they ’re struggling Other industry leaders figure out what to do with small cars : vehicles that are priced in the same ballpark as the forthcoming Model 3 . Admittedly , it ’s much harder to make a decent profit off a small car that sells for around $ 20 , 000 , so Tesla has some cover by pricing the Model 3 the forthcoming Model 3 10 , 000 higher . " " But it ’s still hard to bring in a substantial margin on a $ 35 , 000 car . The best profits are in the vehicles that Tesla is already selling Tesla luxury    and SUVs . In fact , Tesla can achieve an Tesla gross margin on these vehicles already , the vehicles that Tesla is already selling: luxury   and SUVs % % . " ’’ " The assumption is that Tesla ’s margins will Tesla and that due to things like lower battery costs thanks to    at the company ’s massive Nevada Tesla the Model 3 will be a big moneymaker . " " However , Tesla is going in exactly the Tesla direction as most other car companies when it comes to the Model 3 Tesla A compact SUV the Model 3 the Model Y , is planned , but the first Model 3 ’s will be modest   . And essentially no automakers doing business in the US are trying to disrupt the low end of the market , as the Japanese and later the South Koreans did when they first arrived . " ’From Hyundai to General the South Koreans , the game is to sell more    luxury and    vehicles , as well as pickups and big SUVs . The smaller , cheaper vehicles serve other purposes : they get customers into the brand earlier , they The smaller, cheaper vehicles as a hedge against rising gas prices The smaller, cheaper vehicles and they provide compliance with more stringent government    and The smaller, cheaper vehicles standards.’ ’Until Donald Trump was elected President and started making it difficult for automakers to move their    production to less expensive labor markets outside automakers US , the emerging consensus in the auto industry was that it made sense to relocate that manufacturing to Mexico the auto industry in order to maintain even narrow profit margins.’ " Building compact    cars in the US , when you could be assembling SUVs the US did n’t make sense . " ’’ " Tesla is confident it can buck this trend , in some measure by Tesla how cars are manufactured . In response to a request for some additional insight into this challenge , Tesla pointed me to recent comments from CFO Jason Wheeler Tesla made on Tesla ’s most recent earnings call . " ’"On a Tesla , the way we’’re thinking about margins is we certainly see opportunities for continued cost downs , both on the engineering front , also on the commercial front as well , " he said . " We’’ve got a supplier base that is very excited about the Model 3 and is giving us the ability to leverage that for cost downs . Also , we continue manufacturing efficiencies . .. labor hours per car is us quite positively right now and we’’re    on continued improvement in that key metric . " ’ " I ’m inclined to cautiously give Tesla the benefit of the doubt here   —    its gross margins on the cars it already sells are actually Tesla impressive   —    but Tesla also do n’t want to pretend that there ’s some miracle innovation that will allow Tesla to defy the economics of automaking . " ’’ " Tesla it should be noted that Tesla is kind of making the same mistake with the Model Tesla that it made with the Model S   —    bringing to Tesla is a car rather than an SUV . You could forgive Elon Musk and his team for not seeing the SUV revival coming back in Elon Musk early 2010s , when the Model S arrived . But that ’s not the case the Model S 3 . And because the Model 3 will be the Model 3 flexible platform that could support the Model 3 SUV to a pickup truck to a sports car , the decision to launch with a sedan is questionable ( even if almost 400 , 000 potential buyers do n’t think so ) . " " Mixed in with my skepticism , of course , must be the awareness that Tesla is special . Expecting the company to be beholden to the same rules as everyone else is pointless , because Tesla Tesla an entirely new market that it has almost entirely to itself . Musk ’s team Tesla over 80 , ooo    cars in Tesla and sold them all Tesla   " " But possessing what is a small monopoly on EVs ca n’t really protect the company from having to construct hundreds of thousands of    vehicles over the next few years , Musk as it goes along how to keep up the profit margins . Tesla has crossed the Rubicon : those Model Musk ’s have to get built . " ’If the company makes a much smaller margin on them , or even loses money , it will be doing Tesla scale . ’ " Luckily , it Tesla still have the Models S and Tesla to fall back on , with their juicy profits . But it might not be enough . And Musk ’s vision is n’t to be the preferred automaker of the Silicon Valley elite   —    it ’s to save the planet by displacing    cars from the road in major quantities and inspiring other automakers Musk’s vision do likewise . " " Tesla ca n’t afford to get this one wrong . And there ’s every chance it wo n’t . But the risks are substantial . " " UPDATE : Tesla pointed out to me that the Model 3 will be firmly priced at $ 35 , 000 , for Tesla base version of the car , and that whatever incentives of rebates the customer receives will be between him and the federal government or the state . I ’ve adjusted the story to take into account . " Tesla 