  ( CNN ) An apologetic Kathy Griffin took to Instagram to issue a mea culpa for participating in a photo shoot that featured Kathy Griffin holding up a bloody head resembling President Donald Trump . " I ’m a comic , " Kathy Griffin said . " I cross the line . I move the line , then I cross it the line I went way too far . The image is too disturbing . I understand how it The image people . It The image n’t funny . I get it The image " Kathy Griffin said Kathy Griffin is asking celebrity photographer Tyler Shields to take down the photo . " I beg for your forgiveness . I went too far , " Kathy Griffin said in the post on Tuesday . " I made a mistake and I was wrong . " Earlier Tuesday , Shields , who is known for his provocative images , released photos he his with Griffin that immediately came under fire from people on Twitter .   The president ’s son , Donald Trump Jr , called the imagery " disgusting but not surprising . "   Chelsea Clinton , daughter of Trump ’s    campaign rival Hillary Clinton , called the photo " vile and wrong . " " It is never funny to joke about killing a president , " she killing a president on Twitter Twitter Griffin Griffin accused of encouraging violence against the President .   " OBVIOUSLY , I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone , ever ! " Griffin Griffin wrote on Twitter Twitter " I ’m merely mocking the Mocker in Chief . " Questions were also raised about whether the photos would affect Griffin Griffin with CNN , for whom she works Griffin part of the network ’s annual New Year ’s Eve coverage .   On Wednesday , CNN terminated CNN agreement CNN Griffin to Griffin on the annual program . Late Tuesday , the network the network’s Griffin ’s Griffin disgusting and offensive , " according to a statement from a CNN spokesperson . CNN By all indications , Griffin , an Griffin critic of Trump , knew the images would be controversial .   In a     video posted by Shields , Griffin asserted to Griffin camera that she and Shields Griffin " not afraid to do images that make noise . "   In the same video , Griffin and Shields Griffin shown presumably Shields footage from their session , and Griffin and Shields jokes : Griffin We have to move Griffin and Shields Mexico today , but we ’re going to Griffin and Shields to prison     federal prison . .. We ’re not surviving Griffin and Shields , okay ? "   Shields is well known Shields his    work .   His photos of a his ,    Lindsay Lohan were among his most    pictures his date . The reaction to Griffin and Shields’ photos may have gained the attention of the Secret Service , as the agency tweeted late Tuesday that " threats made against @SecretService protectees receive the highest priority of all of our investigations . "   The tweet did not mention neither Griffin or Shields by Griffin .   The incident cost the comic at least one endorsement deal . Squatty Potty , a line of footstools for toilets , said Tuesday it was " shocked and disappointed " and was pulling a new ad campaign starring Griffin . " It Griffin deeply inappropriate and runs contrary to the core values our company stands for , " Squatty Potty chief executive officer Bobby Edwards said in a statement . " We have acted swiftly and decisively to demonstrate our commitment to a We of decency , civility , and tolerance . " 
 