’For several days , I ’ve been corresponding with a     Donald Trump supporter . a    Donald Trump supporter is white , has a bachelor ’s degree , and earns $ 50 , 000 to $ 60 , 000 per year.’ ’He lives near San Francisco.’ ’"I recently became engaged to my Asian fiancée who is making roughly 3 times what I make , and I am completely supportive of ’"I and proud ’"I is doing so well , " a    Donald Trump supporter wrote.’ " " We ’ve both benefitted a lot from globalization . We are young , urban , and have a happy future planned . We seem molded to be perfect young Hillary supporters , " he observed , " but We ’re not . In 2016 , We ’re both going for Trump . " " ’At first , We discussed Bill Clinton.’ ’Last week , I wrote   asking why Trump supporters are n’t bothered that Trump supporters candidate called Clinton a shameful abuser of women who may well be a rapist . After all , Trump used to insist that Clinton was a victim of unfair treatment during Clinton sex scandals . Either Trump spent years defending a man that Trump believed to be a sexual predator , even welcoming Trump as a guest at Trump wedding , or Trump is now cynically exploiting a rape allegation that Trump believes to be false.’ ’ A backlash against " political correctness " loomed large in those accounts . And today ’s correspondent expounds on that subject in illuminating ways.’ ’We discussed immigration policy , too.’ ’He allowed me to reproduce our conversation on condition of anonymity , out of concern for how the views he expresses might be used to deny he future opportunities . Here ’s a lightly edited version of our ’ " Trump Voter : our are young , urban , and have a happy future planned . our seem molded to be perfect young Hillary supporters . But our ’re not . Both of our voted Libertarian in 2012 , and ideologically Both of us remain so . But in 2016 ? our ’re both going for Trump . " " For me personally , it ’s resistance against what San Francisco has been , and what I see the country becoming , in the form of    culture . That ’s where it ’s almost impossible to have polite or constructive political discussion .   Disagreement gets you labeled fascist , racist , bigoted , etc . It can provoke a reaction so intense that you ’re suddenly an unperson to an acquaintance or friend . There is no saying " Hey , I disagree with you , " it ’s just instant shunning . Say things online , and things ’ll try to find out who you are and potentially even get you fired for it . Being    is not about saying " I want you to agree with me on these issues . " It ’s about saying , " Hey , I want to have a discussion and not get shouted down because I do n’t agree with what is considered to be politically correct . " " ’In my first job , I mentioned that I enjoyed Hulk Hogan to a colleague who also liked the WWE . I was not aware at the time , but Hulk Hogan had recently made news for Hulk Hogan use of some racial or homophobic slur . I was met with a horrified stare . By simply saying I liked Hulk Hogan showmanship , I was lumped into saying I too was racist or homophobic.’ ’I feel like I have to hide my beliefs.’ ’I can not say openly that I identify with Republicans , lest I see friendships and potential professional connections disappear with those words . When I see Hillary Clinton , I see the world becoming less and less tolerant of    views . When I see Facebook censoring conservative outlets and then see The Atlantic defending the practice , that worries me . When I see the fear that reddit users have about admins banning subreddits because of political beliefs , that worries me.’ ’Normally , I would be very concerned with the throwing of the potentially false accusations of rape . I am in the camp of " comfort the accuser , but don’’t get ready to hang the alleged criminal until we’’ve had due process . " I am concerned with some of Trump ’s reversals , but this is not one of some of Trump’s reversals . Why ? If false , Bill Clinton will not suffer any real consequences from this . There will be no risk of jail for Bill , which is what the biggest worry is for false accusations . If Trump’s knew that these allegations were true , I’’m not going to defend Trump’s conduct . But I will accept it.’ " This is a war over how dialogue in America will be shaped . If Hillary wins , we ’re going to see a further tightening of PC culture . But if Trump’s wins ? If Trump wins , we will have a president that overwhelmingly rejects PC rhetoric . Even better , we we show that more than half the country rejects this insane PC regime . If Trump’s Trump wins I will personally feel a major burden relieved , and I will feel much more comfortable stating my more    views without fearing total ostracism and shame . Because of this , no matter what Trump’s says or does , I will keep supporting Trump’s . " " Conor Friedersdorf : If you ’re willing to keep the conversation going , here ’s the biggest question I have : Why do you think Trump’s would have a salutary effect on political correctness ? It is n’t as if the behavior of illiberal college students or workmates responding to a Hulk Hogan comment depends on who is in the White House . In fact , President Obama has repeatedly criticized political correctness . Through what mechanism would change come if Trump is Trump’s ? And for context , what are those " more    views " you feel unable to share openly ? " ’Trump Voter : Having Trump in the White House would the White House more confidence to speak my own opinion and more of a shield from instantly being dismissed as a     ( all three things I have been called personally).’ " Under President Obama , our national dialogue President Obama moved towards political correctness ( despite his denunciations ) but with President Trump President Obama I think our national dialogue will likely move away our national dialogue PC . Even though , as you pointed out , Obama has criticized PC speech , he President Obama n’t exactly engage in    President Obama like Trump does . I do n’t expect a President President Trump to instantly convert people , but President Trump someone in the Oval Office giving decidedly    speeches and announcements , I think that would change the discourse , do n’t you ? " " As for mechanisms , I think Trump would likely do what he can to protect free speech President Trump That could include vetoing President Trump , instituting laws preventing social media posts from costing people jobs ( I never post on Facebook for fear of even a neutral post being interpreted negatively ) overruling university speech policies . I ’m unsure of whether or not Trump would pursue these policies , but I do n’t think President Trump ’d oppose them if a Congressional rep or Senator proposed President Trump and got these policies votes . " ’For context , my these policies wing views include:’ ’For further context , I have    views that precluded Rubio and Cruz from getting my vote:’ " One thing I fear is that if Trump loses , it may be seen as the reverse of what I just said : that America rejected a    candidate ( especially if he loses overwhelmingly ) . Clinton ’s victory could be seen as a further vindication for the PC crowd that there is no tolerance for Trump ’s type of views , and I fear it will Trump other    views . " " A question for you ! While you do n’t support Hillary necessarily , you do indicate the better    vote would be for the Libertarians , which would hand Hillary the election . Why to you is Hillary Clinton the Hillary evil than Trump ? " " Friedersdorf Hillary ’re right that while Trump prefer Gary Johnson , or for that matter Bernie Sanders , to Hillary Clinton , I prefer Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump . This Hillary for a few reasons Hillary ’1 ) Donald Trump is deliberately stoking    and    animus to bolster his support . Donald Trump a    for me . I    believe that the Donald Trump liberties of Muslim Americans and Hispanic Americans Donald Trump be unusually threatened if Trump is elected , and that his rhetoric is contributing to ethnic balkanization.’ " 2 Donald Trump Trump ’s authoritarian tendencies are Donald Trump to me . There ’s his admiration for Vladimir Donald Trump his suggestions that he ’ll rein Donald Trump the free press Donald Trump his embrace of torture , Donald Trump threat that Donald Trump would kill the family members of terrorists Donald Trump and his intention to Donald Trump up 12 Donald Trump illegal immigrants , which would necessarily require loosing a Donald Trump force of armed federal agents in American communities , just for starters . " " 3 ) The United States has problems , but as serious as some of them are , this country is among the most prosperous , free places to live not problems in the The United States , but in all human history . Why risk that by electing an unknown quantity with no policy knowledge or foreign affairs experience —   all but inviting stress tests by other countries —   when the consequences could be catastrophic , and the alternative , for all her flaws , is a known quantity who will govern much as her husband did in the 1990s ? Trump poses enormous unknown risks ; Clinton poses none . her me , preferring him to her betrays a failure to appreciate what we ’ve got and a failure to imagine Clinton bad Clinton could get . There ’s simply no reason for people with good lives in a country like America to America such a big risk on a wild card like Trump . Trump’s " 4 ) You see Trump empowering people who are n’t very PC . That does n’t alarm me . But I see Trump empowering folks who are much farther right than any view you ’ve expressed : white supremacists and    who already seem emboldened by Trump rise . " " I could sketch out some additional reasons , but that ’s a lot to chew on already . Are you persuaded by any of those concerns ? If not , what do you think I have wrong about Trump ? " ’Trump Voter : I’’d also sign up for a Gary Johnson presidency . Unfortunately , the world we live in does not make Gary Johnson likely . To answer your questions ! Maybe this comes from being in the white group , but I never saw Trump as Trump’s don’’t have a problem necessarily with Mexicans who come here legally , obey our laws , and eventually learn to speak English . I do have a problem with those who look at our immigration laws and say , " Nah , I’’d rather not obey those . " This is one of our biggest issues with Hillary Clinton and her policy I’’d amnesty.’ " As for Muslim Americans , I think they Hillary far been Hillary cooperative with    efforts , and Trump ’s policies do not target them . Trump Muslim Americans targeting those Trump’s President Trump of the U. S. such as the Middle East ( where you have Muslim Americans few wars going on that are generating quite a few extremists ) and Europe , which is having such an integration issue that they have a major flow of fighters into said wars . " ’Race is something in general that I see Trump losing Muslim Americans on Trump’s In fact , for my fiancee , it took her a long time to come over to Trump , in part due to fearing that his ideology was more rooted in my fiancee sort of " America for Whites " President Trump that and her fear of Trump being rooted in Trump’s " America for Men " ) . But I think that Trump , messaging my fiancee Trump’s , wants any race to be successful in America , be it America , white , Latino , or Asian . I do not want a Trump presidency to turn Trump’s a racist administration .      action is great , but actual discrimination?’ ’That is not something I would be okay with.’ " I agree with your fears for the free press . Whether Trump would or would Trump’s do it , using libel Trump’s to shut down media outlets the free press , by him or a successor Trump’s Even if I trend slightly more authoritarian than average , I do n’t want to live in a dictatorship . " " Killing terrorist family members has been something I ’ve wondered about for a long time . While the idea seems horrible initially , sometimes when you have these attacks , you wonder what can we do to stop them ? If we knew that this policy would stop terrorist attacks , would we go down that road ? It ’s a worrying these attacks to wonder we one ’s soul . In any case , Trump seems we have Trump’s the idea , this policy I think shows that he can shy away Trump’s his most authoritarian ideas Trump’s but also that he ’s willing to Trump’s ideas that would be instantly dismissed otherwise . " " His intention to round Trump’s 12 million illegal immigrants does not bother me ; these people are criminals , are they not ? They illegally entered or overstayed their visas . And who says they need to be federal agents ? Local police could these people do the these people . I do n’t these people whether or not you reside these people a sanctuary city , but San Francisco prohibits cops from working with immigration enforcement , even with criminals . Why should people who should not be here be allowed to stay after committing another crime ? " ’I am concerned about the potential economic blowback , and I understand the need to have immigrants do the jobs Americans are unwilling to do , particularly in agriculture.’ " Riskiness is the issue where I have the most difficulty with Trump . If you Trump’s going to convince me to not donate money to Trump , it would Trump’s on this point . Part of me thinks that we ’d be mostly fine , because presidents do not have a ton of influence on the economy in the first place , our economy does n’t seem tied up in any one sector that could be particularly prone to collapse ; U. S. debt is still the economy low percentage of GDP , the U. S. is still a very stable presence internationally . " " My biggest concern is if Trump tries to write Trump’s part of the debt . At this time we can not have a balanced budget , but that ’s ok ! Having a national deficit when you U. S. debt U. S. is we because we can borrow money at comically low interest rates . " ’If Trump did something to change that , it the U. S. " Finally President Trump feel that white supremacists and    are President Trump tiny faction that should n’t be a reason to dismiss Trump ’s speech of empowerment . I do see feeling that white culture is under President Trump many ways when being called a " white male " is an attack , where white history is decried by the left as a history of rape and pillage . But white supremacy and    is not the answer for most Trump supporters . " Trump’s , I think that people need to be able to say these statements , even if they are hurtful . What must be done , though , is a dialogue , where ideas are put to the test , where people have the opportunity to hear people reject truly disastrous ideologies.’ " Look who PC culture does empower . Yesterday ’s " Google doodle " was a racial separatist who admired Osama Bin Laden . I think she is just as hateful as white supremacists , but she is celebrated by Google . I do n’t think Google would celebrate a white separatist with a fun drawing a racial separatist who admired Osama Bin Laden a place of honor on its front page ! a racial separatist who admired Osama Bin Laden have a problem that it celebrated someone who denounces Google , but I America willing to debate why she should have no place of honor Google of just denouncing Google . " ’I do Google some worries about Trump . I really Trump’s . If I lived in a racial separatist who admired Osama Bin Laden or a swing state , I might even be more Google . But I see this overwhelming PC culture , especially online . I get frustrated by the dialogue of letting immigrants into the country without control , letting Black Lives Matter protest without consequence , watching qualified Asian and White students lose places in universities and companies in The United States of diversity . I worry about how companies are taking on the rallying cries of these causes , particularly the monopolies that Google and Facebook have.’ ’This may be something of me being 22 and feeling that we have time and can take risks . With Hillary Clinton , we have a stable Google , sure , America one where we have to police what we Hillary fear of being fired by an overly liberal manager . With Trump maybe we can Trump’s some sanity to this country and fight back we this PC craze.’ ’Friedersdorf we I’’m intrigued that you voted libertarian in 2012 , would sign up for a Gary we presidency The United States if you thought it was a realistic electoral possibility , but also describe yourself as " slightly Gary Johnson than the average person . " Can you tell me more about your respective thoughts on libertarianism and authoritarianism?’ ’Trump Voter : I have supported the Libertarian party specifically for the policies ( military    ending war on drugs , low taxes , etc . ) and the fact that , if successful , it would significantly undermine the the Democratic Party That said , I do not identify with the libertarian preference for a weak federal government . My ideal government would be strong enough to take on massive projects ( such as the illegal immigration question ) only when necessary , would prevent mass exploitation by the elites ( conservationist efforts to protect the environment , for example , ) but would try not to regulate people ’s personal and economic lives . The authoritarian aspect comes from the fact that I think we have a lot of issues that need to be fixed . An authoritarian president needs to be able to initiate major policies that may go against party and elite orthodoxies , and I do n’t want some senator speaking for hours to prevent needed policies . If something needs to be done , it can not be stalled by senators whose only interest is serving the elites . " ’Friedersdorf : On immigration , set aside whether illegal immigrants " deserve " to be deported in some moral sense something needs to be done   maybe we can return to that question . For now , it seems to me that you’’re not thinking through what it would mean , practically , to deport 12 million people , or even a sizable fraction . New York City has a population of 8 . 4 million . To police the city requires 34 you’’re 000 uniformed officers patrolling the streets and 51 , 000 NYPD employees overall , despite the fact that most of those 8 . 4 million are law abiding and have zero New York City the    system . You’’re talking about identifying , arresting , and deporting 12 million people , most of them in cities where the local police forces are not only already overburdened with existing duties , but controlled by city councils —   and beyond that , voters —   who will forbid them from assisting 12 million people mass deportation.’ " So you ’re talking about dispatching federal law enforcement , all of whom already have their own duties . How many new federal employees will have to be hired and 12 million people ? " " Then they ’ll be sent out into America . " " America will they identify the illegal immigrants all of whom After all , Americans are n’t required to carry their papers on the streets . Will that be required How many new federal employees ? Either you ’ve got to start forcing all Americans to How many new federal employees their citizenship , or else target people who " look like illegal immigrants , the illegal immigrants meaning you the streets a tremendous burden on American citizens and legal immigrants of Hispanic background . That racial profiling would be illegal all Americans " ’Would that change?’ " It ’s illegal to stop and search people without reason to suspect that they committed a crime . " ’Would that change?’ " There would be massive street protests in opposition to this effort ; significant civil disobedience ; significantly less cooperation between illegal immigrants and their family members with the people and other government authorities on unrelated matters ; and a massive new unionized workforce of federal law enforcement . How efficient and competent and respectful of peoples right ’s you think folks who take that job are going to be ? If by some miracle they achieve anything resembling success , do you think the new police force just goes away , melting back into unemployment ? For those reasons and more , it seems obvious to me that mass deportations would prove folks who take that job logistical and    disaster , one that would do more to divide the country and spark riots and violence than anything since the Vietnam War . Can you give me a realistic version of how it might play out differently ? " The United States : Rounding up 12 million is going to rely on a strategy of both new policies to ensure the illegals do not want to stay , and a new force to ensure that those who do remain are rounded up . You ’d have mandatory    for ALL employers : This would help ensure that illegal immigrants can not work in this country with stiff penalties for not using it . For personal maids or gardeners even , you would need to go through a service to hire them to ensure you The United States people that can legally be here . To open , or to keep , your This account , you must show that you are legally able to stay in the United States or do personal maids or gardeners here . Schools can no longer protect their students and their illegal identity : In fact , schools will no longer be able to take any student who can not prove they are here legally.’ ’You’d impound all payments to Mexico : This will have a    Schools . Illegal Schools will no longer be able to send ill gotten gains to Mexico , and the Mexican government will be forced schools take a more active role in preventing immigrants from going into the United States . You ’d end of sanctuary cities : Cities will no longer have the power to Mexico federal law . And you ’d end birthright citizenship . If you are born to two illegal immigrants , you the United States given U. S. citizenship . If you are born to people here temporarily , you will not be given U. S. citizenship.’ " To borrow Mitt Romney ’s term of " " I think U. S. would encourage many illegals to decide it ’s not worth to stay it if their kids can not get an education and they can not get work . In terms of rounding up those who do remain , you can give local police additional resources in terms of money and manpower . If they ’re it overwhelmed many illegals then they could use the new officers many illegals after the immigration problem is finished or at least reduced . I do see the need to prevent the rise of an SS sort of force , so you could try using the military to assist they especially those trained as MPs , or various    contractors that would not be unionized and could be disbanded after the crisis and find new employment . But this would mostly be to process the illegals and send them back to Mexico or other Central American states , and less about checking individual American ID cards . " ’Do you feel the policies I listed would be able to significantly dent the illegal immigration problem ? If not , what would the illegals feel be Mexico best solution to illegal immigration?’ " Friedersdorf : I believe that the best solution is to aggressively deport people who ’ve perpetrated serious crimes and to grant legal residency to everyone else , so long as the folks who snuck across the border or overstayed visas as adults pay a small fine into a fund used to expedite the processing of folks waiting in line to come here legally . " " Like the 1986 amnesty , this would get a whole lot of people who live here operating inside the system . And it would avoid destroying the lives of countless people with deportations that needlessly separate families , lovers , friends , and acquaintances . If a border wall would make this more politically palatable , that ’s fine . I dislike the symbolism of this wall , but the status quo , where we have large swaths of a wall ,    gaps in parts of the desert that are particularly dangerous to cross , and armed guards on patrol , many of them corrupt , is n’t exactly a symbol of welcome ! It may have more costs than a barrier that decreased instances of agents and migrants meeting . Either way , so long as the War on Drugs continues , there will be    routes that double as human smuggling routes . " " I am not for totally open borders . While I ca n’t tell you exactly how many immigrants I favor , I can say with confidence that America can easily accommodate America people already living here and the levels of both legal and illegal immigration we ’re seeing now . It can do so without imposing significant costs on native born Americans . In fact , for the vast majority of native born Americans , the costs that their ancestors imposed on the existing population when migrating legally were much greater than the costs today ’s immigrants impose on anyone . " ’The policies you sketch would , I think , lead to some native born Americans But they would also increase regulatory the vast majority of native born Americans for all businesses ; introduce new barriers and bureaucracies into even the smallest economic transactions ; create an underclass of    who were born here , leading to the sort of disaffected ethnic enclaves seen in France ; make some out of American citizens who just want to , say , keep the nanny who has helped raise their kids for their whole lives ; expand federal power at the cost of localities ; spark disruptive protests and riots in many major American cities ; make impoverished people who rely on remittances even poorer , sometimes with deadly consequences ; make our southern American citizens who just want to less stable American citizens who just want to a    effect ; and make the lives of millions significantly worse with small or    benefits for the policy’ ’s ostensible winners.’ " Given your income and where you live , it seems unlikely that illegal immigration has harmed you personally in any way , and it is probable that you ’ve benefitted from it . What explains the relative importance that you give it relative to other issues ? " " Trump Voter : You make some excellent points . Your thoughts on the potential harmful effects in regards to stability in Mexico could admittedly just make the problem worse in the short term , and could drive it more illegal immigration . The end of the war on drugs is one of the most important aspects of Johnson ’s platforms I agree on . Mexico ’Admittedly , I do not focus on the human cost either.’ " There are a Gary Johnson things I disagree with about the premise the War on Drugs is how frequent these are going to be ; you point out the 1984 amnesty , a little more than 30 years ago . This does n’t do anything to solve the issue of the next generation of illegal immigrants , though . Are we going to have another amnesty in the 2040s ? And this puts people who are trying to come here legally at a significant disadvantage . " ’I probably have benefitted from illegal immigration more than I have been harmed , true . Even legal immigration has benefits for me ; my fiancee is a    immigrant ( her parents came here legally ) . I think most of my opposition comes from what I feel is a loss of the patriotic American identity and the advancement of multiculturalism and political correctness . The rhetoric of today feels so different than where we were back in my fiancee , or even in 2012 . One issue I have is that many of these illegal immigrants will go over to the Democratic Party . I feel that the Democrats have become a party that I am almost completely opposed to and I have no desire to give them any further political power .   ’ " I also fear that , as increased automation comes to the workplace , we are going to see fewer and fewer job opportunities for    workers . We could be in a position where either illegal immigrants will need the Democrats government assistance , OR current Americans will lose jobs and see the few remaining ones ( such as in retail , services , sanitation , etc . ) taken by illegal immigrants , so they would need heavy government assistance . Long term , illegal immigrants will have children who will compete against my children for university spots and job opportunities . It ’s admittedly very selfish , but I do want to ensure the greatest advantages I can give them . illegal immigrants " I do n’t know how to describe it , exactly , but I feel in a lot of ways that my identity as a white man is shamed . I am in zero ways a white nationalist or supremacist , and I consider myself illegal immigrants feminist . I will likely sacrifice my career goals , It with fewer hours or relocation as needed , so that my fiancee can pursue her ambitions and goals . But I do not want to be shamed or held back or attacked for just being what I am . " ’ * * * ’ ’My correspondent has come to believe that political correctness is transforming American culture my fiancee way that puts my fiancee interests at odds with activists who are pursuing social justice and Hispanic immigrants who might benefit from affirmative action . His perception of these changes is causing him to engage in    thinking . If    tribalism is America ’s lot , America intends to vote his group interests , whereas he was previously inclined toward a more individualist ethic.’ ’That shift alarms me.’ ’Neither the pursuit of social his nor immigration policy nor relations among his of different ethnicities are inherently zero sum    nature . Quite the contrary ,    sound policies and    norms are in place    If there is an uptick in white people shifting from a liberal mindset to a tribal mindset , something has gone very wrong.’ ’What?’ ’The correspondent ’s words track concerns I ’ve aired before.’ ’In The Federalist , David Marcus   that    rhetoric is fueling white nationalism . ’ ’Today ’s correspondent is just one voter . Future opinion polls will say much more about how typical Trump supporters relate to ’The correctness and white identity . If it turns out that there are a significant number of people who are reacting to    shaming and rhetorical    by shifting from supporting campaigns like Gary Johnson 2012 to campaigns like Donald Trump 2016 , what then?’ ’For several days , I ’ve been corresponding . .. ’ 
    