President Barack Obama is on track to impose a    regulation which would help foreign graduates capture good jobs at American companies , universities and hospitals that are sought by    graduates . [ President Barack Obama ’s expansion of the    outsourcing program would take effect just three days before President Barack Obama leaves the White House . It can be seen as a direct challenge to incoming President Donald Trump , who promised to reform the   outsourcing program .    " I will end forever the use of the    as a cheap labor program , and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program , " he said in a March 2016 statement . " No exceptions , " he added he   Obama ’s new regulation would increase the annual inflow of    professionals , and also allow more foreign professionals to get the permanent Green Cards that allow them to more foreign professionals   in the United States and eventually , to get citizenship for themselves and more foreign professionals family more foreign professionals The new Obama’s new regulation employers because it ensures more competition Obama’s new regulation jobs in business , academia , science , healthcare , technology , design and the media . " This is an attempt to rewrite the Green Card [ immigration ] system through regulation , " said John Miano , an attorney who represents American workers hit by    outsourcing . " The effect is to make an even bigger hash of the problems we have now , " he told Breitbart News John Miano, an attorney who represents American workers hit by   outsourcing   Companies , universities and government agencies currently employ a population of more than 1 million foreign    " guest workers , " who are usually hired without any chance for Americans to apply for the U. S. jobs . These foreign professionals are not immigrants , but are temporary workers slated to return home to Europe , India , China or elsewhere after six or seven years . The population includes roughly 650 , 000      professionals , plus several hundred thousand additional foreign college graduates holding      or NAFTA visas , plus at least 120 , 000 foreign graduates in the expanded OPT program . These foreign graduates are least 120, 000 foreign graduates in the expanded OPT program U. S. jobs , even at very low salaries , partly because the U. S. government supplements their salaries with the chance to least 120, 000 foreign graduates in the expanded OPT program the very valuable reward of U. S. citizenship for themselves , U. S. , siblings least 120, 000 foreign graduates in the expanded OPT program parents least 120, 000 foreign graduates in the expanded OPT program That    supplement allows companies to hire foreign workers for much less money than requested by young    American graduates . The hidden subsidy for foreign graduates makes it difficult for American graduates to compete against foreign graduates for many jobs that do n’t require direct cooperation with customers . Obama ’s pending regulation is beneficial , according to the regulation , because it encourages " skilled nonimmigrant workers contributing Obama the economy to continue seeking LPR [ Green Card ] status    …      Allows [ foreign ] dependents to enter labor market earlier and contribute to [ guest workers ’s ] household income    …      [ and ] may expand the numbers of [ Green Card ] petitioners that are cap exempt and thus allow certain employers greater access to    workers , " says the new regulation , which was drafted by the Department of Homeland Security , which runs much of the    program .   " DHS has made an effort to provide additional flexibilities to as many    foreign workers as possible , " said the regulation , which downplays the concerns of Americans   professionals . " Employer demand for immigrant visas has increasingly outpaced supply in some categories and for some nationalities , resulting in growing waits for some sponsored employees to obtain their LPR [ green Card ] status some sponsored employees …      [ resulting ] in substantial inequalities and other hardships " for the foreign workers , says the DHS regulation .   The regulation also helps foreign professionals to the DHS regulation , and it allows    professionals to stay longer than the DHS regulation years . The regulation dismisses public concerns about the impact the DHS regulation workers on Americans’ wages , and downplays the regulation ’s impact on Americans’ access to good the DHS regulation DHS estimates in the Americans’ regulation ’s DHS ] that there will be about 92 , 600 dependent spouses and children that may be eligible for [ one new feature , the ] compelling circumstances employment authorization in the first year ( the year with the largest number of eligible applicants ) which represents approximately 0 . 06 percent of the overall U. S. civilian labor force , " according to the regulation .   Currently , at least 100 , 000 new    workers arrive each year , and many thousands more get permanent Green Cards . On paper , there is an annual cap of 85 , 000    visas allowed for companies . But many companies get around the limit by working with    who are allowed to import as many    workers as they wish . The " cap exempt " loophole for    many companies that universities , colleges and their affiliated hospitals and allied companies now employ roughly 100 , The "cap exempt" loophole for       professionals instead of 100 , 000 American professors , doctors , therapists and scientists . The new regulation expands the " cap exempt " category by making it easier for companies to partner with    such as a The new regulation , and it allows    research agencies to hire an unlimited number of The new regulation on behalf of local companies . By getting the regulation established on Jan. 17 , three days before Trump is inaugurated , trump ’s deputies will be forced to go through a lengthy Trump to reverse the    expansion . " The Trump administration would need to engage in full     rulemaking to do so , an effort that would take time and may not be a focus of the new administration given the   ’s other immigration priorities , " said Justin Storch , a manager at the Council for Global Immigration . Although industry lobbying and media coverage of the    program is focused on Silicon Valley ’s outsourcing , the    are employed at many tasks by many famous companies , including   Caterpillar , McDonalds and CVS and at many    outsourcing companies .   For example , the federal government approved requests for 7 , 865    visas for healthcare jobs in 2015 , including almost 700 therapists and 207 pharmacists , according to the MyVisaJobs . com website . Most of these requests were from    operations , such as university hospitals requests for 7, 865   visas for healthcare jobs in 2015, including almost 700 therapists and 207 pharmacists agencies .   The foreign professionals are   also employed at federal laboratories . The resident population of    foreign professionals is roughly equal to the number of Americans who graduate from college with skilled degrees each year . In 2014 , for example 358 , 000 Americans earned business degrees , 51 , 000 got degrees Information Technology degrees , 108 , 000 became engineers , 199 , 000 got    degrees , 21 , 000 got degrees in math or statistics , and 29 , 000 earned science degrees . That ’s almost 800 , 000 new graduates , or roughly eight Americans for every six jobs held by a    foreign professional . Many of the    workers get Green Cards once their employees start the bureaucratic process . That process sharply increases the Green Cards population of of    professionals in the bureaucratic process States , so helping hold down Americans’ salaries across the economy . In Michigan , Wisconsin , and Pennsylvania , for example , the current population of up to 40 , 000    employees is augmented by roughly 75 , 000 foreign professionals who have gotten Green Cards via their employers since 1990 .   The inflow of extra    temporary workers employees being accompanied by a sharp increase in the numbers of unskilled migrants seeking    jobs sought by Americans . Since late 2012 , for example , Obama has provided work permits , or school slots , to perhaps 300 , 000 migrants from Central America . If allowed to stay , those migrants will cost Americans roughly $ 200 billion in taxpayer funds over perhaps 300, 000 migrants from Central America 75 years .   In the first half of 2015 , Obama also allowed more than 900 , 000 legal immigrants in the country Obama That mass immigration delivered almost 1 new immigrant to the labor Central America every two young Americans who begin looking for work in 2015 , or one new immigrant for every two American children born that year .   The 2015 inflow of almost 2 million immigrants , plus the 1 million    and      added up to three new foreigners   for every four Americans who enter the workforce .   In general , the huge inflow of immigrants and    aids CEOs and investors by lowering the price of labor , so boosting profits . This transfer shifts roughly $ 500 billion per year from Americans’ paychecks up to managers’ and investors’ accounts , according to George Borjas , a Harvard economist . However , Trump ’s reform plan could largely eliminate the    impact of the    programs . In August 2015 , for example , he issued a reform plan saying : We graduate two times more Americans with STEM Trump science , technology , engineering and math ] degrees each year than find STEM jobs , yet as much as    of    hiring for IT jobs is accomplished through the    program . More than half of    visas are the   program program ’s lowest allowable wage level , and more than eighty percent the   program two . Raising the prevailing wage paid to    will force companies to give these coveted    jobs to the existing domestic pool of unemployed native and immigrant , instead of flying in cheaper workers from overseas . This will improve the number of black , Hispanic and female workers in Silicon Valley who have been passed over in favor of the    program . Mark Silicon Valley’s personal Senator , Marco Rubio , has a the   program    that would decimate women and minorities . Since 2009 , Obama has grown the number of    in the United States , partly by allowing the spouses of temporary workers Obama work in the United States . In the United States also pushed a " Comprehensive Immigration Reform " that would have allowed an unlimited the United States graduates to get work permits in Obama United States by first paying tuition fees to U. S. universities . That " staple " plan was derailed in 2014 by voters the United States annual immigration , and then blown up in 2014 by GOP primary votes in the Seventh District of Virginia , who ejected the GOP ’s Majority Leader , Rep. Eric Cantor . In the 2016 campaign , Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton supported a similar plan to " staple " work permits to postgraduate degrees .   So , far , however , Trump has not chosen a person to run the Departments of Labor or the Department of Homeland Security , which manage the    and other    programs . Trump is also facing opposition from business groups and their GOP allies who strongly back the    programs , which bring in roughly 1 million foreign    and Trump workers each year .   For example , Trump 2late 2015 , House Speaker Paul Ryan effectively quadrupled the size of the    program , which brings in 66 , 000    workers for jobs in the landscaping , hotel , vacation and forestry businesses each year . Some of those workers are also used to replace Americans in    construction jobs . that expansion expires in December , unless Ryan extends the    expansion .   Overall , Trump ’s immigration reform the   expansion to open up jobs to young Americans and to nudge up Americas’ salaries , House Speaker Paul Ryan to a Wall Street study .   Read Trump regulation here . 
 The new regulation 