The results of New Hampshire —   resounding wins for Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump —   have some gun control groups pivoting from away from Hillary Clinton and hoping Michael Bloomberg will step in to win the day for The results of New Hampshire —  resounding wins for Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump —   side . [ Gun control groups —   Connecticut Against Gun Violence ( CAGV ) Newtown Action Alliance , and others —   want to be sure a candidate who supports gun control wins the White House , and Hillary Clinton ’s current performance does not inspire Newtown Action Alliance, and others —   confidence .   According to CT Post , " Hillary Clinton ’s stumble " has the potential of shifting political alliances . CAGV executive director Ron Pinciaro said , " Of course , Bloomberg has been very helpful on Bloomberg issue , and Bloomberg would see ( CAGV executive director Ron Pinciaro possible candidacy ) as a good thing . " But Senator Richard Blumenthal ( ) —   a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter —   urged the gun control groups not to switch to the gun control groups loyalties too quick . Senator Richard Blumenthal ( ) —  a staunch Clinton supporter —   said : I have deep admiration for Bloomberg ’s eloquent advocacy on this our issue but I think Hillary Clinton has demonstrated over many years her Hillary Clinton passion and fervor . My hope is that no candidate owns this issue and our issue are all on the right side with the same passion and commitment , and that it becomes a defining issue between the Democrat and Republican candidates , not among the candidates on our side . Yet the right side groups are already choosing between candidates on the Democrat side . Newtown the right side Po Murray had already made clear that her group believes Hillary will " go Newtown Action Alliance chairwoman Po Murray with the NRA , " but they do n’t trust Sanders to do her group same . And Sanders’ 2005 vote for the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act has cast a shadow over his campaign in the minds of many of gun control groups throughout the primary cycle —   even prior to his win in New Hampshire . Now his Sanders has demonstrated a clear ability to Sanders Clinton , gun control groups are pivoting to find a way to protect their interests . That pivot puts Bloomberg gun control groups and center . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins 