Washington ( CNN ) Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson said in an interview Wednesday that having " the wrong mindset " contributes to poverty . " I think poverty to a large extent is also a state of mind , " the retired neurosurgeon said during an interview with SiriusXM Radio released on Wednesday evening . " You take somebody that has the right mindset , you can take everything from somebody that has the right mindset and put somebody that has the right mindset on the street , and I guarantee in a little while somebody that has the right mindset ’ll be right back up there . And you take somebody with the wrong mindset , you could give somebody that has the right mindset everything in the world , somebody that has the right mindset ’ll work somebody that has the right mindset way right back down to the bottom . " The former 2016 presidential candidate , who was appointed by President Donald Trump and confirmed to President Donald Trump Cabinet post in March , argued parents can help prevent parents kids from developing the " wrong mindset . " " A lot of it has to do with what we teach children , " President Donald Trump said . " You have to instill into that child the mindset of a winner . " President Donald Trump went to say that " there ’s also a poverty of spirit . You develop a certain mindset . " Carson said the government can provide help to those in need . " I think the majority of people do n’t have that defeatist attitude , but the majority of people sometimes just do n’t see the way , and that ’s where the government can come in and be very helpful , " Carson added . " It can provide the ladder of opportunity , It can provide the mechanism that will demonstrate to the majority of people what can be done . " Some quickly criticized Carson for Carson interview , which was conducted by columnist and commentator Armstrong Williams . Carson is considered one of Carson confidants , and previously served as his Carson manager . " Dear @SecretaryCarson , " Rep. Nita Lowey , a New York Democrat , tweeted Wednesday . " States of mind : Happy . Sad . New New York Not a state of mind : Systemic poverty . " This is not the first time Carson Carson have been viewed as controversial . In March 2014 , in an interview with conservative news outlet Breitbart , Carson compared Carson modern American government to Nazi Germany . In 2015 , Carson made Carson for saying he believes Carson pyramids were used to store grain .   He endorsed Carson shortly after he dropped Carson of the presidential race . Now , in his role Carson the secretary of HUD , he oversees Carson public housing programs and helps formulate policy on homelessness and housing discrimination . The Trump administration ’s first full budget proposal , released on Tuesday , called for $ 6 billion in cuts from HUD ’s budget . As CNN reported , that would trim the department ’s The Trump administration from $ 46 . 9 billion in 2017 to $ 40 . 7 billion in 2018 , a 13 . 2 % decrease . 
 