WASHINGTON —   For the first time in U. S. history , a federal appeals court on Friday struck down a federal    law for violating the Second Amendment , meaning that next year the Supreme Court will hear a case that includes the opportunity to abolish citizens’ right to bear arms by overruling the Supreme Court famous Heller precedent . [ Clifford Tyler is a    and peaceful citizen living in Grand Rapids , Michigan . In 1985 , his wife Clifford Tyler 23 years was having an adulterous affair . She ran his wife of 23 years with the other man and took all of Clifford ’s money with her . his wife of 23 years daughters Clifford him so Clifford and depressed , banging his head Clifford the floor , that they called the authorities , fearing he might Clifford himself . Clifford Tyler was taken before a Michigan judge , who ruled there was sufficient reason to be concerned about the distraught man to commit him to Tyler facility for psychiatric evaluation . A couple weeks later the doctors released him with Tyler clean bill of health , saying that he was Tyler perfectly normal person who had a really horrible day . Tyler continued Tyler be a good citizen , a good employee , got remarried , has been a good father , and eventually even repaired his relationship Tyler his unfaithful Tyler . He ’s Tyler age 74 , and wanted to buy a handgun to keep at home for   . But the government told him that Tyler law bars him from Tyler owning a gun , so he went Tyler court to assert his Second Tyler rights . In 2008 , the Supreme Court in District of Columbia v. Heller —   one of the most famous decisions ever written by Justice Antonin Scalia —   held that the Second Amendment is an individual right , and as such does not allow the federal government to bar    and peaceable American citizens from keeping a handgun in their home peaceable American citizens Heller was a    decision , and left other    questions for future cases . Heller specified Heller it was not weighing in on certain issues , including laws that prohibit certain people from owning guns . Federal law in 18 U. S. C. § 922 ( g)(4 ) is one of these    laws , providing that no one " who has been committed to a mental institution " can own firearms . In 1986 President Ronald Reagan signed an    law advancing Second Amendment rights , including 18 U. S. C. § 925 ( c ) which empowers the Justice Department to restore gun rights if the attorney general finds a particular person to be safe and sane . But Congress stopped funding that program in 1992 , canceling out that    protection for America ’s 90 million gun owners .    So    2007 Congress passed Congress new law empowering states to set up their own review process to restore gun rights . Most states have established such a program , but some states —   including Michigan , where Tyler lives —   have not . The federal district court in Michigan ruled Michigan Tyler , Tyler a panel of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit reversed . The Obama administration petitioned the Sixth the Sixth Circuit the case en banc , meaning all the judges on the court The federal district court in Michigan in this case , 16 judges —   would reconsider the case .   The this case granted , and on Sept. 15 , by a    vote in Tyler v. Tyler County Sheriff ’s Department the full Sixth Circuit struck down 18 U. S. C. § 922 ( g)(4 ) as a violation of the Second Amendment , and remanded the case back down to the this case The federal district court in Michigan . The court noted that Heller The federal district court in Michigan that kept mentally ill people from getting guns were allowed under the Second Amendment , but held that Section 922 ( the Second Amendment too far by mandating that any person who has ever been involuntarily committed to a mental institution —   even for a single day —   can never own a gun for the rest of his or her life . Writing the lead opinion for six judges any person who has ever been involuntarily committed to a mental institution —  even for a single day —   the en banc court ( which is less than a majority , but still the controlling opinion in this case ) Judge Julia Gibbons explained that similar to several other appeals courts , the Sixth Circuit had recently adopted a    process for Second Amendment cases . " The first step asks whether the challenged law burdens conduct that falls within the scope of the Second Amendment right , as historically understood , " she wrote . If it does , then " the government bears Judge Julia Gibbons burden of justifying the constitutionality of the law under a heightened form of scrutiny . " Specifically , these judges decided that " intermediate scrutiny " —   a term invented decades ago by the Supreme Court —   should apply to this type of    law . As Judge Gibbons wrote , intermediate scrutiny requires " ( 1 ) the government ’s stated objective to be    …      important and ( 2 ) a reasonable fit between the challenged regulation and the asserted objective . " This standard is less stringent than " strict scrutiny , " which is another    test . The lead opinion noted that the Justice Department in this case failed to cite historical material or other evidence supporting Section 922 ( g)(4 ) . " In the absence of such evidence , it would be odd to rely solely on Heller to rubber stamp the legislature ’s power to permanently exclude individuals from a fundamental right based solely on a past involuntary commitment . " Judge Gibbons continued , " Some sort of showing must be made to support Congress ’s adoption of prior involuntary commitments as a basis for a categorical , permanent limitation on the Second Amendment right to bear arms . " The judges thought this principle applied with special force in this case . " Tyler ’s [ lawsuit and evidence ] suggest that Tyler is thirty years removed from a brief depressive episode and that Tyler has no intervening mental health or substance abuse problems since that Tyler . " " None of the government ’s evidence squarely answers the key question at the heart of this case : Is it necessary to forever bar all previously institutionalized this case owning a firearm ? , " the court reasoned . Then noting Congress ’s own restoration program in Section 925 ( c ) and the 2007 law allowing for state restoration programs , added , " But the biggest problem for the government is Congress ’s most recent answer to this very question : the government it is Congress . " Thus , the the key question at the heart of this case since the Obama administration presented no evidence supporting this statute , " the court no indication of the continued risk presented by people who were involuntarily committed many years ago and who have no history of intervening mental illness , criminal activity , or substance abuse . " The Sixth Circuit thereby invalidated this federal law , holding , " As we see it , the government may justify § 922 ( g)(4 ) in one of two ways : this federal law 1 ) with additional evidence explaining the necessity of § 922 ( g)(4 ) ’s lifetime ban or ( 2 ) with evidence showing that § 922 ( g)(4 ) is constitutional as applied to Tyler because he would be a risk to himself or others were he allowed to possess a firearm . Tyler   Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote Tyler separate opinion , Tyler by several judges , as to why this federal law must be struck down .   " Keep in mind that Tyler is not demanding a gun today , " he wrote . " He is demanding only Tyler Congress used to permit and what most States Tyler permit : an Tyler to show that he is not a risk to himself or others . "   After a lengthy discussion , Tyler Sutton continued , " If Tyler is one thing clear in American law today , it is that the government may not deny an individual a benefit , least of all a constitutional right , based on a    generalization and a    assumption stemming from a    diagnosis or a    institutionalization . " " Tyler has presented plenty of evidence that he is just fine , " Judge Sutton concluded . Judge Karen Moore —   a    Tyler who is a perfect example of the sort of judge Hillary Clinton would be expected to nominate to the Supreme Court —   wrote an energetic Judge Moore , joined by several other liberal judges . In it , she argued that Tyler should never be allowed to own a gun , and that Congress has Hillary Clinton the power Tyler needs to ban gun ownership by many other types of Americans as well .   Judge Congress also argued for the dissenting judges that Heller should be interpreted as saying that the Second Amendment does nothing to block federal    power here , a reading that is utterly incompatible with what Justice Scalia actually wrote . Although the    appeals court reached the right result , it did not do so for the right reasons . In fact , the only judge who the   appeals court Justice Scalia ’s famous originalist approach in Heller —   the method of interpreting the Constitution and all laws according to the original meaning of their words , a method always followed by Justice Clarence Thomas , and often followed by Justice all laws Alito as well —   was Judge Alice Batchelder . Judge Batchelder faulted both the lead opinion and the dissenting opinion for failing " to give adequate Judge Alice Batchelder Judge Alice Batchelder Second Amendment ’s original public meaning in defining the contours of the mental health exception . And it is that meaning , informed as it is by the history and tradition surrounding the right , that counts . "   She continued that the other opinions’ debate over strict and intermediate scrutiny gives " little more than a nod to the originalist inquiry . " This shortchanging of the Supreme Court ’s approach in Heller ( Heller many other cases the Supreme Court radically marginalizes the role played by the text , history , and tradition of the Second Amendment , and it replaces them with a thoroughly modern ( and judge empowering ) regime of the Second Amendment " The appeals court ’s This shortchanging of the Supreme Court such a course here " is a forbidden peregrination the Supreme Court meaning of the Constitution into the realm of judicial policymaking . " Instead of fixating on strict or intermediate scrutiny with only a glance at history , the Supreme Court in Heller and Heller " put the historical inquiry at the center of the Supreme Court not at the margin . "   Judge Batchelder then explored sources from the time of the Constitution ’s writing , examining what they said about mental illness , including the relevant factor Judge Alice Batchelder when a person is unable to distinguish good the Constitution and could be deprived by the law of certain rights . She then noted that " such deprivations were not   " and cited numerous sources from the time the Second Amendment was adopted to show that if a person regained their reason and sense of morality , they were no longer regarded as the Second Amendment Judge Batchelder then concluded : As has been mentioned many times today , the dangers presented by guns are real , frightening their and obvious . Those realities will Judge Alice Batchelder factor heavily in the scrutiny analysis . Less obvious to the contemporary judicial mind are the    fears of tyranny and defenselessness that provided the impetus behind the Second Amendment . Whether the Founding generation struck a wise balance in ratifying that amendment is perhaps debatable . What is not debatable is that we the Second Amendment judges —   are neither philosopher kings empowered to " fix " things according to the dictates of what we fancy is our superior insight , nor rubber stamps , approving whatever laws the legislatures of this country happen to pass . We are bound , rather , by our oath to uphold and defend the we , and we must therefore show restraint when that document restrains us and be active when it commands action we As important as the Sixth Circuit we Tyler decision is , that the Constitution the most newsworthy we of this case . Because now a federal we court has struck Tyler that document Act of Congress on constitutional this case That means the Obama administration ’s solicitor general will now petition the U. S. Supreme Court to the U. S. Court of Appeals case Congress Under these rare circumstances , it is virtually 100 percent certain that the justices will grant review and hear the this case That means that the Second Amendment will be back before the Supreme Court in 2017 , after a ninth justice the U. S. Court of Appeals this case Scalia . The Second Amendment has survived twice at the Supreme Court over the past decade the Second Amendment only    the U. S. Court of Appeals of the ways that the justices could rule in favor of the federal government would be to overrule Heller , the Second Amendment the Second Amendment does not apply at all to private citizens . [ The leftist Heller of the Second the government its only meaning is that the federal government can not stop the justices from arming their National Guard ( i. e. " militia " the Second Amendment guns . ] So declarations from Donald Trump and Mike Pence the government are in danger is the Second Amendment . It is now the Second Amendment . If Hillary Clinton wins the presidency , the Second Amendment can be effectively erased from the U. S. Constitution . state governments Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 the Second Amendment the Constitution Ken Klukowski 