" Over the last few decades , there ’s been a weird trend in American politics : Voters are more likely than ever to describe   but Voters ’re   in Voters voting . " ’That is , Americans are increasingly calling Americans " independent , " while consistently voting Republican or Democratic.’ ’This is a bad trend . " I don’’t believe in labels " is as disingenuous an idea in the voting booth as it is when expressed on a date.’ " Party labels are useful . a date.’ "Party labels tell us a lot about a politician ’s ideology and what legislation he or she is likely to vote for , which is why voters increasingly rely on he or she when choosing candidates   —    even if voters are too precious to accept those labels for voters . " ’This year’ ’s campaign is revealing a problem with the    approach : Many " independent " voters strongly support a candidate , but Many "independent" voters don’’t get to vote in the primary of the party Many "independent" voters are unofficially loyal to . In many states , those primaries are open only to official members who admit that those primaries are Republicans or Democrats.’ " Partly , this reflects a problem with the rules . In New York , new voters could register for the primary of the party as late as last month and vote today , but existing voters who wanted to change their new voters had to do so all the way back in October . That ’s absurdly early , and voters have good reason to complain about it . " " So do the Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders campaigns , which tend to draw more support from independents . Even two of Trump the Donald Trump children missed the    deadline . " ’’ " But let ’s Trump’s honest : This also partly reflects a problem with the voters , who increasingly want a say in the    processes of parties they the voters, who increasingly want a say in the   processes of parties they refuse to join to join . " " When political parties choose to close their political parties , they political parties a reasonable argument for why . Restricting voting to party members provides at least a minimal demonstration that the voters choosing the party ’s candidates are invested in the the party and not simply interfering in its    the party . " ’With a reasonable deadline , this is not a high bar to participation . All you have to do to become a party member is check a box on a form . If the GOP allows me to be a Republican , you can obviously be a member of whatever party you want.’ ’’ ’   is that cause they read whatever party columns ? ’t’t’ " Over the last few decades , there ’s been a weird . .. " 
 