Washington ( CNN ) In only a few weeks , Judge Neil Gorsuch went from the federal appellate bench in Colorado , to become President Donald Trump ’s nominee for the US Supreme Court .   Judge Neil Gorsuch quick ascent is due to a combination of factors , including Judge Neil Gorsuch track record , demeanor and the impression Judge Neil Gorsuch has made on President Donald Trump’s and the small circle advising Judge Neil Gorsuch on how to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia . Another factor     one beyond Gorsuch ’s control     is likely also in play : the fiery atmosphere on Capitol Hill as Democrats vow to make the Supreme Court hearings one of the biggest fights in the early days of the President Donald Trump’s presidency .   Gorsuch ’s name     previously unknown to many     only recently came on the radar of court watchers waiting anxiously to see who President Donald Trump’s eventually decided upon .   President Donald Trump’s met Tuesday to discuss the nomination with Vice President Mike Pence , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , as well as Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and Sens . Chuck Grassley and Dianne Feinstein .   Gorsuch , 49 , has been on the radar of some judicial conservatives for some time . He has long been a favorite of legal thinkers at the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation .    Conservatives welcome He opinions on religious liberty . For instance , He has sided with closely held corporations who argued that the so called contraceptive mandate violated their religious beliefs .   In another opinion , He challenged the notion that courts should defer to administrative agencies when administrative agencies interpret the law . the law may seem like a dry legal issue but the law is central to many conservatives , including Justice Clarence Thomas .   " Judge Gorsuch has been a stern critic of a fixture of the Supreme Court ’s administrative law jurisprudence     the idea that , where a federal agency is enforcing an ambiguous statute , courts should defer to how a federal agency understands the statute even if the courts read it differently , " said Stephen I. Vladeck , CNN Supreme Court contributor and professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law .   " If he were to form part of a majority to scale back that principle , it would be a major sea change in the relationship between the executive branch and the courts , and one that would likely impose significant new constraints on the scope of federal regulatory authority on all topics     from immigration and criminal law enforcement to environmental protection , consumer product safety , and drug regulation , " Vladeck said .   " His Vladeck on this is more extreme than Justice Scalia , " said Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice , " it would be hard to overstate the damage it it cause this nation and the American people . " Goldberg Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice Gorsuch an " extreme " candidate for his Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice opinions as well touching on issues such as a women ’s rights to access of reproductive health care and the rights of workers and consumers .   But as liberals pore through his Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice , conservatives stress other factors they conservatives work in his Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice .   For instance , he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice from one of those square " fly over states "     Colorado     and could bring new perspective to the court . At the same time , he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice formative years in Washington where he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice while his Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice , Anne Gorsuch Burford , held a top job in the Reagan administration . He Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice worked in the Department of Justice . He Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice an outsider     with an insider ’s experience .   " I think the conservatives will love him Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice the liberals will find very little to fault , " said Mark Hansen , a former partner of Gorsuch at Kellogg Huber Hansen . " He Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice an affable , collegial , unpretentious man with a good sense of humor . "   Shortly after the election , Adam Feldman , who runs a blog called Empirical Scotus , wrote a piece entitled " An Alternate Take on Trump ’s Potential Supreme Court Nominees . " He Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice the list of candidates and put Gorsuch in the top tier . The criteria for his Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice included decisions or positions that aligned with Trump Trump’s areas such as abortion , gun rights , the Affordable Care Act , and judicial philosophy .   " Although he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice not written a decision in any of the controversial policy areas , he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice uses originalist principles in his Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice , " Feldman wrote . And he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice that Gorsuch " ranks highly conservative " based on his Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice ideology . Although Gorsuch has written on issues such as the contraceptive mandate and even penned a book making a legal and moral argument against assisted suicide , he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice never had the opportunity to write an opinion on Roe v. Wade . That has raised only a few eyebrows in    circles , others express complete confidence that he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice n’t disappoint them others that front .   Gorsuch is also one of the few on Trump ’s list who went to an Ivy League school . Not only did he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice Columbia and Harvard Law School but he Dan Goldberg of the progressive Alliance for Justice studied in Oxford under John Finnis , who now works at the University of Notre Dame and specializes in moral , political and legal theory .   As Trump Trump’s compares the pros and cons of their top list they will their to deal with the fact that Democrats , led by Schumer , have made clear that the nomination hearings will be a fight . Not lost on them will their the fact that unlike Pryor , who was a part of incredibly contentious hearings , Gorsuch sailed through with no opposition . Placed side by side , McConnell might think Gorsuch , Gorsuch his laid McConnell style and easy demeanor might have a better chance with Democrats .    Gorsuch was Gorsuch clerk for Justice Anthony Kennedy , but in a speech last April at Case Western Reserve University School of law , Gorsuch honored Gorsuch late conservative icon Scalia . In a speech at Case Western Gorsuch should Gorsuch " to apply the law as it is , focusing the law , not forward , and looking to text , structure , and history to decide what a reasonable reader at the time of the events in question would have understood the law to be the law to decide cases based on their own moral convictions or the policy consequences they believe might serve society their . "   It was vintage Scalia . 
 