’   ’ ’    A historic transfer of internet power was scheduled to occur at    midnight Saturday . ’ ’    The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers became an    autonomous nonprofit after a contract with the US Department of    Commerce ’s National Telecommunications and Information    Administration expired . ’ ’    Now ICANN will perform the duties of the Internet Assigned    Numbers Authority without direct oversight of the US    government .   ’ ’    Instead , ICANN is now accountable to international stakeholders    that include a governmental advisory committee , a technical    committee , an industry committee , internet users , and other    telecommunications experts . ’ ’    The organization , based out of Los Angeles , coordinates the    Domain Name System that matches internet addresses with The organization, based out of Los Angeles    actual numerical computer addresses . IANA functions include    maintaining the registry of IP addresses and the allocation of      resources . ’ ’    The entire ordeal sounds extremely complicated   —    and The entire ordeal did not    come without    fair share of controversy . ’ ’    That contract , which is now officially expired , had been in place    since 1998 . Both businesses and members of the international    community had been pressuring the US to cede control over IANA    functions , deemed by some as a very minor ordeal   —    likening the US to    printing the phone book . But others , such as Sen. Ted Cruz of    Texas , likened the US to " giving away the internet . " ’ ’    Sen. Ted Cruz of   Texas originally wanted a provision in the recent stopgap spending    bill in Congress to prevent this transfer from occurring , but    that did not happen . Late this week , the attorney generals of    four states filed a lawsuit in federal court looking to block the    midnight Saturday transfer , but the   midnight Saturday transfer was thrown out by a federal    judge in the Southern District of Texas on Friday . ’ ’    " This transition was envisioned 18 years ago , yet This transition was the    tireless work of the global internet community , which drafted the    final proposal , that made this a reality , " ICANN Board Chair    Stephen D. Crocker said in a statement . " This community validated    the    model of internet governance . " ’ "    Speaking to Business Insider Friday , before the Texas judge ’s    decision , aides to Cruz called the issue   —    which amounts to    control over the internet address book   —    a ground zero of    protecting free speech online . They also criticized the White    House for claiming that , in his fight against the transfer , Cruz    did n’t understand how the internet works and wanted to    keep government involved in the process . " ’    " I love it when    liberals try and lecture    conservatives about limited government , " an aide said . ’ "    Chief among Cruz ’s concerns is that a government    advisory council is part of ICANN . a government   advisory council is part of ICANN believes that the foreign    governments who have a voice in that part of the group will begin    to have a much bigger sway in how    operates going forward . a government   advisory council is part of ICANN    aides likened    to a form of the UN , where each country involved    will be on equal footing . " ’    The problem with Cruz , Cruz believes , is that countries such as    Russia and China , both of which maintain strict internet    control in both of which own countries , will be able to exert it on a    global stage , possibly even impacting internet freedom within the    US . ’ ’    But Sen. Chris Coons of Delaware told Business Insider in a    Friday interview that the way the Texas Republican is    characterizing the issue " is exactly wrong . " ’ ’    " This is not a handover of control of the internet to some UN    body , as much as he tries to make it sound like ICANN , which is    an American corporation registered in California , is some    international body , " the Delaware Democrat said . " It isn’’t the UN    or anything like the UN    . " ’ ’    " The way that China or Russia could have greater influence over    the naming function of the internet is if we delay this    transition , "    continued . " Lose we credibility internationally    that we do intend to privatize this function , and give we do intend to privatize this function the    leverage to make stronger arguments at the United Nations that    the UN . .. should begin preparing to set up their own DNS    function . I think there is a very small risk that this transition    will lead to any increased role for any country , including those    that censor the internet in the internet own country . " ’ "    Cruz ’s team insisted that , although ICANN has not censored    content in the past as a part of ’ "   Cruz’s team duties , the senator    believes ’ "   Cruz’s team could have that ability moving forward . The group    performs only a clerical function , but Cruz believes that could    change . " ’    Using the example of " Free Tibet " groups in China , which have    their web content blocked within China while it can still    be viewed elsewhere , a Cruz aide said China China begin to    dictate whether that content makes it it of the China ’ ’   ’ ’    Coons used the    analogy to try and disprove what Cruz has argued . He Cruz that , when he Cruz a kid , the Yellow Pages and    White Pages essentially had a monopoly . But by the 1990s ,       of publishers printed competing phone books . ’ ’    " The fact that there is a company that publishes the Yellow Pages the Yellow Pages if you want to purchase from a hardware store in your    city , you know , here they all are , here are all of their names ,    that they all restrict what you can say on the phone to the    hardware store , a hardware store in your   city his analogy . " It doesn’’t nothing to doesn’’t    with the content of your conversations with the hardware store .    All it does is assign pages to    names It numbers . That’ ’s    pretty similar to what the IANA does . " ’ ’    " The IANA maintains the directory for when a the IANA numbers    comes through your computer   —    it translates it into a bunch of    numbers your computer   then your computer   you to the right computer , " he    continued . " One of the things that was clearly eluding the    critics of this transition was the idea that there could ever be    a second Yellow Pages or a third Yellow Pages . Right now , the    internet , which is a network of networks , is not owned or    controlled by anyone . That’ ’s why it’ ’s the internet . " ’ ’    Coons called the    contract    that just expired a deal for " one version of the phone    book . " ’ ’    " And for 20 years , they’’ve said ’’ America , at some point , will you    turn over this minor role you have in this organization that is    printing the Yellow Pages , " he said . " And we said in both    Democratic and Republican administrations , ’’ Sure , we’’ll get    around to it . Sure , we’’re about    do that we’’ll ’’ " ’ ’    He said that , with many in the international    growing    leery that the US would ever end up actually doing it ,    there was increasing support for a " competing phone book "    run by a    of the   the UN That sounds a lot like exactly what    Cruz does Cruz Cruz ’ ’    " And the entity that would resolve disputes between who owns    which domain or which website will be resolved by this UN UN    , " Coons said . " That is a Coons where countries like    China Iran and Russia would have Russia bigger role . Instead , we    have focused on the last four years pretty aggressively , and in    the last two in a heightened way , on privatizing a very minimal    US government role in overseeing how this    contract is    administered . " ’ ’    " Here’ ’s the    irony :    Cruz is a tireless advocate Cruz personal liberty and an opponent of    control in    just about every subject matter area except this one , " the    senator    . " What the senator    is privatization . By    opposing it , he’ ’s actually putting at risk the possibility that    it will instead be taken over by he’ competing effort led by    countries that do not it free speech in the UN . Does   the UN    any sense    " ’ ’    The Delaware senator Delaware the transfer should make " no the senator    " for everyday Americans , as there should be no    perceivable change in how the internet works , explaining    that it has to do with the " wires , plumbing , and piping " of    the internet , not its content . ’ ’    Coons asked why tech giants would be in favor of the    transfer if it posed a legitimate threat to internet freedom . ’ ’    " Why would companies the transfer Cisco and Microsoft the transfer Intel     —    who rely on a robust and open global internet for their    businesses   —    why would they be so invested and concerned about    this ? " he said . Dell and Cisco and Microsoft and Intel     Because they need predictability . " ’ their   businesses      " Because ICANN , this    company in California that is California    run their   businesses   the internet community , which is largely run by American    companies , why would they want that group in control of this    internet naming function rather than the UN , " he   the UN " I ICANN, this large company in California that is largely   run by the internet community, which is largely run by American   companies think you just got the answer . " ’ ’    At the UN , countries such      the UN Iran Russia have that equal    footing to the the US while ICANN , because it is based out of    California , Iran still subject to California law , he California . And it    will be mostly under the purview of the private sector , which has    a business interest in the internet being open and free . ’ ’   ’ ’    " If I got to choose between having the phone book published by    the UN or by an American nonprofit company   the UN headquartered    in California and subject to California law , I California which one I    want , " he said . " I want the latter . " ’ ’    The California law the reason Cruz wanted to stop the    transfer a "    conspiracy the senator    " adding that many such    theories have gained plenty of traction during the 2016 campaign    season . ’ ’    " One of the things that has made this campaign season    particularly interesting is the number of fringe conspiracy    theories that have somehow made their way into the mainstream , "    he said . " This issue is no exception to that unfortunate trend . " ’ ’    On Friday , after aligning himself with Cruz’ ’s position    the    issue , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ripped the    " disastrous " IANA transfer during a rally . ’ ’    " Hillary Clinton is merely a vessel for the special interested    trying to strip this country of its wealth , its jobs , and its    status as a sovereign nation , " . " She even supports the disastrous surrender    of America’ ’s    of the      —       it be given to the    world . What a Hillary Clinton of people we have representing us . What a    bunch of people . " ’ ’    Coons said Trump’ ’s statement shows , " unfortunately , " that Trump    " we not well informed Coons    matters . " ’ ’    " This particular issue was seized upon by a few in order to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump some points , by misleadingly suggesting that President [ Barack ]    Obama is giving away the internet , " the senator said . " The    United States does not own a set of keys to the senator    . It’ ’s    not a physical thing . It’ ’s not as if we’’re taking our dad’ ’s    Oldsmobile and giving it away at a it’ the internet It is a network    it’ networks . And that is a hard thing to grasp and an easy thing    to mislead people Oldsmobile . " ’ 
 Oldsmobile 