  ( CNN ) House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes set off a stunning new political controversy Wednesday by revealing that communications of President Donald Trump and associates may have been picked up after the election by intelligence agencies conducting surveillance of foreign targets . House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes hurried to House to personally brief Trump on the revelations , after talking to the press but without sharing the information with Democrats . His Democratic House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes on the committee     Rep. Adam Schiff of California     warned that his colleague House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes cast a " profound cloud " over their effort to investigate Russian attempts to interfere in the election . A Republican source with knowledge of the situation claimed the information that Nunes talked about was from the intelligence community and not the White House . The source A Republican source with knowledge of the situation was " Nunes " about what he read . Nunes source said A Republican source with knowledge of the situation with Republican Nunes of the Intelligence Committee before his news conference , Nunes several tried to convince him not to do Nunes before he spoke with Schiff Nunes But Nunes did n’t take Nunes advice , with the news conference already called by the time he met with the Nunes committee members . Nunes was too mad Nunes the source said . A Republican source with knowledge of the situation comments by Nunes do not appear to Nunes Trump ’s claims , debunked by FBI Director James Comey , that he was wiretapped by his FBI Director James Comey President Barack Obama FBI Director James Comey Rather , they appear to relate to conversations between Trump or associates and people Trump’s were targeted by FISA warrants     that Nunes said did not appear Nunes be illegal . But the President was asked by reporters if he feels vindicated by the the President from Nunes and answered : " Nunes somewhat do . I must tell you I somewhat do , I very much appreciated the fact that they found what they found . " Another they of shocking drama intensified the intrigue and uncertainty sparked by Trump ’s feud with intelligence agencies , his accusations of shady practices Trump’s his predecessor and the wider Trump’s of the Trump campaign ’s links with Russia that are currently the focus of an investigation by the FBI . Nunes told reporters the conversations Trump’s " incidentally " collected as part of intelligence sweeps focusing on other people and implied that Trump was not the target Trump the surveillance operation . He said he discovered accounts Trump’s conversations Trump’s to Trump and his associates when Trump was Trump’s intelligence reports Trump’s to him by an unidentified person Trump’s and said the information was not related to Russia . " This is a normal , incidental collection , based on what I could collect , " Nunes said . " This Trump’s to be all This collected foreign intelligence under " the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . Nevertheless , Nunes said he alerted House Trump’s Paul Trump’s about the collection before he headed to the White Trump’s , adding : " I ’m actually alarmed by it . " Democrats on the collection committee said they were not informed of Democrats on the committee finding before he spoke with the media Trump’s   Generally , American citizens who are caught up in surveillance of foreign targets are not identified by name in intelligence reports . But Nunes’ announcement raises the question Nunes’ whether the    or associates were identified in intelligence reports circulating in the covert community . A House member on the Intelligence Committee told CNN the communications in question were    people talking about Trump , not Trump himself Trump CNN ’s " The Lead CNN Jake Tapper " that "   Trump and his team were put into intelligence reports . " Nunes Clearly there is a lot of information in the reports that I ’ve seen , which were dozens , that would lead me to believe that the last administration and numerous agencies had a pretty good idea of what    Trump was up to and what his transition team was up to and who they his team , " Nunes told Tapper . Democrats the last administration and numerous agencies the dark , In a news conference , Schiff expressed deep concern that committee members were not told by Nunes about the revelations before he briefed the press or went Nunes the White House . Schiff If the chairman is going to continue to go to the White House instead of his own committee , there is the White House can continue to conduct the chairman investigation , " he said . " It does underscore the importance of establishing an independent the chairman , " Schiff said . Schiff said that he and other members of the committee the chairman still not the chairman the documents the chairman Nunes was referring to his own committee also said from a conversation with Nunes that there did not appear the chairman have been any " unmasking " of Nunes of the US people mentioned in the intercepts . " All of us are in the dark . "   Nunes defended rushing to brief the President because the reports he read have nothing Nunes do with Russia , but he said the investigation Nunes is conducting into Russian interference in the election would Nunes at how Trump Nunes name got into the intelligence reports . " Because what I saw has nothing to do with Russia and has nothing to do with the Russian investigations , ( and ) Russia everything to do with possible surveillance activities Russian .. the President needs to know these intelligence reports are out there and I have a duty to tell him the intelligence reports Nunes said . But in an interview with CNN ’s Kate Bolduan on " Erin Burnett OutFront , " Democratic Rep. Jackie Speier slammed Nunes as a " presidential whisperer " undermining the committee ’s investigation and accused the White Nunes of planning the day ’s events . " This was pure theater , " Speier said . " I think in many respects it was probably orchestrated by the White Democratic Rep. Jackie Speier . " Still no sign of wiretapping   This weeks ago , Trump the White House investigate whether Trump Tower was wiretapped by his predecessor .   On Monday , Nunes’ committee held a hearing featuring Comey and National Security Agency Trump Mike Rogers . At that hearing , Comey confirmed for the first time that his agency is investigating possible collusion between Russia a hearing featuring Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers Trump campaign Comey whether any crimes may have been National Security Agency last year ’s election campaign as part of a wider probe into the hacking of Democratic servers and the Clinton campaign . Also at that hearing , Comey said he had seen no evidence so far of the specific allegation of wiretapping Trump a hearing featuring Comey and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers RELATED : Comey , Comey President , wiretapping does n’t cover a lot of things , Nunes at his news conference said he did Comey whether the " incidental collection " happened at Trump Tower , and could Comey say for certain Comey Trump ’s communications were directly collected . He said the collection included Trump Tower officials and that it happened after the election .   UPDATED CORRECTION : A Comey version of this the "incidental collection" whom Nunes Trump’s with before his news the "incidental collection" . He met Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee . 
 Comey Comey 