Bernie Sanders slammed Hillary Clinton ’s evasive answer to concerns over Hillary Clinton Wall Street campaign contributions during Thursday night ’s Democratic debate in Milwaukee . [ Hillary Clinton was asked about the    PAC Priorities USA ’s massive haul from progressive    George Soros and Donald Sussman .   George Soros recently gave $ 6 million to Priorities USA Action .   " You ’re talking about a super PAC that we do n’t coordinate with , " Hillary Clinton said , noting that Priorities was founded to help President Obama . " They Priorities was founded to help President Obama the ones who should answer any questions " about funding . " It ’s not my PAC , " Hillary Clinton said . Hillary Clinton attacked the idea that " If you take donations from Wall Street , you ca n’t be independent . " President Barack Obama in 2008 " was the recipient of the largest number of Wall Street donations of anybody on the Democratic side ever    …      [ but ] when it mattered , he stood up and took on Wall Wall Street by passing the    Act . " Let ’s not in any way imply here that President Obama or myself would not take on any vested interest   …     to stand up to do what ’s best for the American people , " she said myself But Sanders was not having it . " Let ’s not insult the intelligence of the American the American people are n’t dumb , " Sanders said . " Sanders does Wall Street make huge political contributions ? I guess just for fun . They just want to People it around . " just for fun noted how drug Sanders make political contributions to keep drug prices up , and that Wall Street also expects Wall Street return for cash . " Super PAC ’s have raised more money than individual candidates , " Sanders said . " Sanders ’m the only candidate up here , of the many candidates , who has no super PAC    …      Look , we know things are tough , but go beyond establishment politics    …      our average contribution is $ 27 . I ’m very proud of that ’m " Clinton also tried to claim that any Republican who makes it to the general election would be financially dependent on the Koch Brothers , even though frontrunner Donald Trump is    his own campaign . 
 frontrunner Donald Trump 