  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate accords last week was cast by most smart observers as a ploy to keep his base in line .   New polling out of the Washington Post and ABC News suggests it will probably work     although the same data make clear that President Donald Trump decision is almost certain to reinforce doubts about him his Democrats and independents .    of Republicans support Trump President Donald Trump on Paris , according to the    poll , with 46 % of them supporting Republicans move strongly .   By contrast , 82 % of Democrats oppose the Paris Paris Paris and this is stunning     67 % feeling that way strongly . The numbers are similar among independents . Sixty three percent oppose Trump ’s move with 51 % of those acknowledging " strong " opposition . What those numbers tell you     beyond the fact that Trump ’s decision Trump’s Paris was aimed Paris at the base and no one else     is how polarized climate change ( and every other issue ) has become in our modern American politics .   The average American American detailed American of what pulling out of the Paris accords means Paris But lacking the details does n’t stop people from drawing hard and fast conclusions about how they feel about it . people God bless human nature ! ) For a big chunk of Republicans , anything Trump does that liberals     and the media     seem to not like , they are reflexively in favor liberals    and the media     . Ditto Democrats , except in reverse . If Trump does it , it Trump not Trump but Trump also a part of a broader stepping back from the world stage that they see as corrosive to America ’s image around the world . The real problem for Trump , however , is Trump neither one of those partisan camps . It ’s how dismally the Paris decision polls among independents that should really concern the president . Remember that Trump won independents , who Trump up roughly    of the total 2016 electorate , by four points over Hillary Clinton . While the energy within the Republican base was clearly a major factor in Trump ’s win , he Trump n’t get over Trump top in places like Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin without independent voters . In Michigan , Trump won independents by Michigan points Trump In Pennsylvania , he carried them by Pennsylvania .   And in Wisconsin , Trump beat Clinton among Wisconsin by Trump . Now , it ’s important to remember that , historically , climate change has not been an issue that has animated large numbers of independents to cast their votes one way or another large numbers of independents So , while lots of independents oppose Trump ’s Paris decision , it ’s far less clear how Trump’s Paris decision of them will actually vote on the lots of independents oppose Trump’s Paris decision come 2018 or 2020 . If past is prologue , the answer is not all that many . The bigger worry for Trump is that his decision on Trump’s Paris Paris climate Trump’s Paris wind up being part of a broader concoction that leads independents to conclude that for all of his outsider credentials , he simply Trump’s Paris n’t represent their Trump’s Paris views on a whole independents of issues . Such a conclusion reached by a bloc of independents anywhere near either the 2018 or 2020 elections could spell big trouble for Trump and the Republican Party he leads . 
 Trump and the Republican Party 