’   ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s former national security adviser Michael    Flynn discussed removing a controversial Muslim cleric from US    soil in a meeting with Turkish government ministers in September ,    former CIA Director James Woolsey told   on Friday . " ’    Flynn   to the Justice Department in his FARA    ( Foreign Agent Registration Act ) filing late last month . (Foreign Agent Registration Act) filing late last month acknowledged that Flynn’ ’s lobbying group , Flynn Intel    Group , conducted research that " focused on " the cleric , Fethullah    Gulen , for Inovo   —    a Dutch consulting firm owned by Turkish    businessman Ekim Alptekin . ’ "    Alptekin is Turkish   businessman Ekim Alptekin member of a Turkish economic relations board run by    an appointee of Turkish President Turkish Tayyip Erdogan , and    Flynn ’s firm was tasked with lobbying the US government to    extradite Gulen   —    a Turkish cleric living in Pennsylvania who    Erdogan believes Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan responsible for planning last year ’s    attempted coup and generally fomenting dissent inside Turkey . " ’    Flynn raised Flynn when he wrote Flynn    article for   published November 8 , alleging that Gulen helmed a    " vast global network " that " has all the right markings to fit the    description of a dangerous sleeper terror network . " ’ ’    At that point , Flynn’ ’s work for Inovo had not yet made news so    the    seemed out of place amid his work with the Trump    campaign . Flynn’ ’s Flynn’ filing says the    " was not written or    published at the request of , or under the direction or control    of , Inovo , the Republic of Turkey , or any other party . " ’ ’’ "    Woolsey , a Flynn Intel Group board member who was present at the    September meeting , said that Flynn and the Turkish ministers went    further than talking about how to lobby for Gulen ’s extradition ,    however , and discussed how they could Flynn and the Turkish ministers remove Gulen    Gulen country . " ’    The idea was " a covert step in the dead of night to whisk this    guy away,"Woolsey said , adding that he thought it away,"Woolsey " naive " of    them to think they could bypass them US ’’ " legal process " and    people’ ’s constiutional rights . ’ ’    ’ ’    n’t send out folks to haul somebody overseas , " Woolsey    told The Journal . ’ ’    Price Floyd , a spokesman for Flynn , strongly denied that such a    discussion ever took place , telling Business Insider on Friday    that Flynn was contracted by Inovo Flynn in part , " to gather    information on Gulen and turn it over to legal authorities to    take action . "    ’    " At no time did they discuss anyillegal actions , nonjudicial    physical removal or any other such activities , " Floyd added . ’ "    Reached for comment , Woolsey ’s spokesperson , Jonathan Franks ,    said that the former CIA director stands by his story . Franks    the former CIA director that Woolsey had notified Vice President Woolsey Biden ,    through a mutual friend , of what he thought could be an Franks       discussion . The Obama    said it would not extradite    The Obama administration until Turkey provided the necessary evidence of his    complicity in the Franks    , but Trump has not said how he plans to    address Trump issue ,    at all . " "    Alptekin , who paid Flynn ’s firm just over $ 500 , 000 for the four    months of lobbying ,   earlier this month that he did not    agree Trump Flynn ’s    to register Flynn’s foreign agent with    the Department of Justice for his work with Inovo . Trump ’    " It would be different if I was working for the government of    Turkey , but I am not taking directions from anyone in the    government , " Alpetkin said . ’ ’    Still , Flynn said in his filing with Flynn’s DOJ that Flynn’s work for    Inovo " Flynn’s be construed to have principally benefited the    Republic of Turkey . " ’ " President Donald Trump ’s former national . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 