Washington ( CNN ) Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto on Thursday canceled a meeting with US President Donald Trump that had been set for next week after renewed tensions erupted over US President Donald Trump plan to build a wall on the border . " This morning we have informed the White House that I will not attend the meeting scheduled for next Tuesday with the POTUS , " Peña Nieto tweeted . Earlier Thursday morning , Trump US President Donald Trump tweeted that it would be better to skip the meeting if Peña Peña Nieto to insist Mexico would not pay for the wall     something the Mexican leader had said as recently as Wednesday evening .   " If Mexico is Mexico to pay for the badly needed wall , then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting , " Trump US President Donald Trump and in an earlier tweet he US President Donald Trump the US ’s trade deficit with Mexico and Mexico he US President Donald Trump were the American job losses caused by NAFTA . Trump US President Donald Trump about the cancellation during remarks at a gathering of congressional Republicans in Philadelphia .   Trump US President Donald Trump that he US President Donald Trump the Mexican president had mutually agreed to scrap their planned he and the Mexican president together , and he US President Donald Trump his US President Donald Trump that the US wo n’t fund the wall . " Unless Mexico will treat the US the US with respect , such a meeting is fruitless , and I want to go a different route , " Trump told House and Senate GOP lawmakers . " I have no choice . " " Border security is a serious , serious issue and a national problem , " Trump said . Trump Most illegal immigration is coming from our Southern border . " On Wednesday night , Peña Nieto had said at that time he did not Peña Nieto a need to scrap the get together     but he strongly reiterated Peña Nieto his country would Peña Nieto fund any border wall , which Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell said Thursday would cost $ $ 15 billion .   " President Trump ’s Trump Mexico will pay for the wall has once again just been proven as delusional fiction by the Mexican President , " said House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi . " The wall is a the wall boondoggle in the making , and Republicans should be embarrassed about their brazen hypocrisy in enabling Republicans . " " Mexico the wall not believe Mexico walls . I ’ve said time again Mexico will not pay Mexico any wall , " the Mexican president said in the Mexican President posted to Twitter and translated by CNN from Spanish . The     between the two leaders began last year during the first days of the Trump campaign when he called some Mexicans entering the US the Mexican President and rapists and tensions lingered throughout the 2016 contest . They escalated sharply over the last 24 some Mexicans when Trump took executive action on Wednesday to Trump the process of erecting a wall . The President announced that move while a    Mexican delegation was visiting the White House     the first foreign representatives to come since Trump took office     for meetings with Trump officials , including Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and adviser Jared Kushner .   One member of the delegation , Mexican Foreign Minister Luis a   Mexican delegation who Mexican led talks between his government and the Trump transition team , was in his Trump on his way to meetings at his Department of his Security on Thursday when he suddenly decided he would not attend . his We will his to schedule a future meeting and will continue to keep the lines of communication and partnership open , " said DHS Spokeswoman Gillian Christensen . In his video address , Peña Nieto also said his had ordered government his step up protection his immigrants . " I ’ve asked for the minister of Foreign Relations to    protection measures to our citizens , " he said . He added that the 50 Mexican his in the his will be used to defend the rights of immigrants in the country and issued a call to action to the US civic organizations to help immigrants . Mexican delegation brings ’Mexico First’ message , Peña Nieto Mexican his message by saying Mexico offers and expects respect . Peña Nieto offers its friendship to the people of the United States Mexico expresses Mexico wish to arrive at agreements with its government , deals Mexico will be in favor of Mexico Mexico the Mexicans , " he said . Earlier Wednesday Mexico Trump signed two executive orders Peña Nieto construction of a wall on the    border , boosting border patrol forces , and increasing the number of immigration enforcement officers who carry out deportations . Meanwhile , the Mexican officials who arrived Wednesday had been expected to lay the groundwork for Peña Nieto Earlier Wednesday visit next week , which Mexican diplomats had seen as an important opportunity to try to move past the    rhetoric Trump used during the campaign and a chance to put the relationship back on track . " There is . .. frustration with our government and ourselves that we have not been able to tell the story of this ourselves relationship , " a Mexican diplomat told CNN ahead of the delegation ’s visit . Mexican There are a lot of stereotypes of Mexicans in the US , but there are also stereotypes of Americans in Mexico . It is in the interest of both governments to explain what this relationship is and what we can do together . " Related : Reality Check : Illegal immigration has plummeted , In a Monday speech , Peña Nieto said his government is prepared to negotiate with the US if Mexico Peña Nieto national sovereignty is respected . He the US economic integration Mexico respect for the rights of migrants Peña Nieto the money they send home as his nation ’s key negotiating points . " Neither confrontation nor submission Peña Nieto Dialogue is the solution , " Peña Nieto said . Trump has suggested some of the $ 25 billion in annual remittances that migrants return home would be retained to pay for the border wall . Trump flew to Mexico City during his campaign to meet Peña Nieto Trump said they discussed a wall Trump has vowed to Peña Nieto the US southern border , but not Trump demand that Mexico pay for it     an assertion the Mexican president Trump disputed . Mexico City At the start of the conversation with Donald Trump , I made it clear that Mexico will not pay for Trump , " Peña Nieto tweeted , after Mexico City meeting , which was a wall Trump has vowed to build on the US southern border as a public relations disaster for Peña Nieto Mexico will not pay for the wall 
 Peña Nieto 