  ( CNN ) I ’m sick of pundits . Do n’t get me wrong . I love the guests I have on every day . I love the guests I have energy and smarts and sass . But I ’m sick of pundits because pundits do n’t always have pundits ears to the ground . pundits do n’t always have pundits finger on the pulse of America . Many of pundits are getting pundits talking points directly from the campaigns . ( That ’s great     we need to know what each candidate is     each day . )   But oftentimes , these pundits are not sitting around the dinner tables , the laundromats , the pharmacy checkout lines and listening . I wanted to listen to real Americans with real issues . I wanted to specifically focus on the impact of the black vote . In 2012 ,    voted at a higher rate than    whites for the first time since the Census Bureau started reported voting rates for the eligible citizen population in 1996 . I wanted to find folks with different political perspectives but who would feel comfortable to speak freely . I did n’t want talking points . No sugarcoating . I wanted a smart , substantive conversation .   So a few weeks ago , I made a single phone call     to    Michael " Killer Mike " Render . Killer Mike ( because Killer Mike likes to " kill microphones " ) and I met a few years back in our hometown of Atlanta . our were introduced by a mutual friend , and after Ferguson happened , I invited Ferguson on my show . Ferguson talked about being a black father in this country ( and Ferguson police officer dad ) why Ferguson rhymes intersect with politics and the reason Ferguson and Ferguson wife Shay bought a barbershop . ( Ferguson wants to give back to Ferguson roots in Atlanta , employ young black men and empower young black men to achieve more . ) Back to Mike and that phone call a few weeks ago . I knew Mike had access to a fun , fiery and somewhat sacred space in Mike community : a barbershop . And I had a feeling Mike had friends     from diverse political backgrounds     who would n’t be camera shy . Our group included : Taj Anwar Baoll , a firefighter and urban farmer Shelly Winters , a Harlem native who is wholeheartedly supporting Donald Trump Jamida Orange , whose father marched with Dr. Martin Luther King Kalonji Changa , a grassroots activist and local leader who wo n’t be voting on the national level this year and Christine White , an attorney who is all in for Hillary Clinton . And , of course , Mike , a former Bernie Sanders supporter who ( and I do n’t think Bernie Sanders ’ll mind my saying this ) shed tears when Bernie Sanders bowed out . My takeaways     this group is wary of both Trump and Hillary Clinton . this group believe the Democrats do sometimes take the Democrats votes for granted . And despite the fact that photos of the first family proudly hang in the first family homes , as one woman put it     " we ’ve absolutely given President Obama a pass ! "   we conversation ended with all six explaining to me why all six explaining to me feel empowered     or as Taj put it , " woke "     in 2016 .   we conversation on ( and off ) camera was informative     not to mention refreshing . No pundits or politicos here . Just Americans with a real responsibility : pulling the levers in less than eight weeks . 
 