January 25 , 2017 , Today ’s explanatory coverage centers on a pair of controversial U. S. oil pipelines , a pair of executive actions , and a look at what exactly an executive action is . After that , we ’re taking you to Asia for a view of the massive amounts of    that are building up . And we ’re making a stop in the Middle East at the crossroads of technology and firefighting . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   First story on CNN 10 today : executive actions from the White House concerning a pair of controversial oil pipelines .    We ’re explaining it all starting with a look at the Dakota Access Pipeline . it all ’s a $ 3 . 7 billion project that would join oil rich areas of North Dakota to Illinois , where it all can then be distributed to other parts of America .   Under the Obama administration , the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers approved the plan to build it last summer . But the Standing Rock Sioux , a Native American tribe whose reservation is near a pipeline construction site sued the government .   the Standing Rock Sioux, a Native American tribe whose reservation is near a pipeline construction site sued the government.   said that the pipelines being built on sacred ground , that the pipelines being built on sacred ground would destroy Native American burial sites and that if the pipelines being built on sacred ground ruptures underneath Lake Oahe , where part of the pipe would run , the pipelines being built on sacred ground could contaminate the tribe ’s water supply .    Thousands of activists joined the Standing Rock Sioux in protest and late last year , the Obama administration reversed the Obama administration decision and said the Obama administration would not allow construction under Lake Oahe .    Supporters of the project say the Obama administration ’s safe , that the Obama administration construction would create thousands of jobs and that those whose land is affected already agreed to allow construction .   The company building the Dakota Access Pipeline called the Trump administration reversal politically motivated .   Now , the Standing Rock Sioux is calling a Trump administration decision politically motivated . Yesterday , U. S. President Donald Trump signed an executive action to move the Dakota Access Pipeline forward .   The tribe said the Standing Rock Sioux unfairly rerouted toward their land without their the Standing Rock Sioux .   the Standing Rock Sioux White House says the the Dakota Access Pipeline good for jobs , growth and energy . You ’ll notice some similarities between this controversy and one over another pipeline , the Keystone XL Pipeline .   President Trump signed an action U. S. President Donald Trump advance that one as well . ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) TOM FOREMAN , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   The Keystone XL pipeline extension would stretch about 1 , 200 miles , most of it in the United States , The Keystone XL pipeline extension Alberta , Canada down to Nebraska . There are lots of pipelines out there , some of which would connect with this . So , why all the fuss about this extension ? First of all The Keystone XL pipeline extension environment .   Opponents say that they fear that this will spoil the Opponents .   If there is a spill , that it could contaminate ground water , hurt there is a spill and animals .   And they say this is dirty oil , a type of oil that when it ’s burned , produces more greenhouse this . Supporters say the company that wants this , TransCanada , has already promised much more robust safety measures , that rail shipments are rising already to bring this oil in and the rail shipments are riskier than the pipeline would be . The second issue , jobs .   Supporters like to cite a study that says somewhere around 42 , 000 jobs or more would benefit from this pipeline .   That includes not the pipeline people who work on it , but people in restaurants and hotels and supply houses .    But opponents say that ’s all temporary .   That ’s for one or two years while this thing is built .   In the end , there may be only 50 permanent jobs coming out of this . So , that raises the real question , why would you want to build this thing at all ?   It ’s this thing inches across .   Does this thing really make a difference ? Supporters say yes this thing it does .   It means about 830 , this thing barrels of oil this thing day coming into the United States from a secure ally , reducing our dependence on overseas oil from places like Venezuela or the Middle East . Whereas opponents say , look , it is just not worth it .   For all those various reasons they ’ve already cited , even as supporters continue to say , look , it ’s time , after all this debate , to dig the trenches and to get this pipe into the ground . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) STEPHEN COLLINSON , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   The one thing you need to know is that an executive action is not as broad or as    as a law . An executive order and an executive action in many ways , there ’s already a difference . So , an executive order is a statement of policy by the president of the United States .   It ’s a message to government departments about exactly an executive order a law should be implemented and the rules under which the policy of the administration will be followed .   Presidents use it especially when they ca n’t get laws passed an executive order Congress . Presidents A law is clearly the preferable way for presidents to go because it lasts longer and it ’s more difficult to overturn .    President A law ’s executive orders are now very vulnerable to the pen of Donald Trump , just as the executive orders that Trump is now signing could be overturned by the Donald Trump president . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ ( ):     trivia . What continent is largest in terms of land area and population ? Asia , Africa , North America or South America ? Whether you ’re talking about population size or size in square miles , no continent comes close to Asia . ( END What continent ) AZUZ :   Asia many of us are guilty of this : we get a new phone or a computer , microwave us TV and we toss out the old one .   That ’s us this problem begins and it ’s building in Asia . A United Nations University this problem says more than Asia million tons of electronic waste were thrashed in Asia between 2010 and 2015 .   There are several Asia why : one , there are more types of electronics people can buy .   Two , there are more people in Asia who can afford to buy them .   And Asia , the electronics being made more people in Asia who can afford to buy them n’t tend to last long , so there ’s more need for replacements .    Recycling can help , but an investigation by an environmental group found that even recycled electronics from the U. S. sometimes found their way to landfills in Asia . So , what happens to it when it Asia there ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) IVAN WATSON it CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT ( ):   Did you ever wonder what happens to your old computer or TV When you throw it away ?   Chances are , some of your it junk ends up here in China , the world ’s biggest dumping ground for electronic wastes . Electronic waste or    arrives by the truckload to a southeastern Chinese town called Guiyu where locals are experts at ripping apart electronic trash .    There are    disposal businesses here on nearly every street . ( on camera ) :   And in     operations like this , workers rip apart the appliances and pull out the most valuable elements and components for resale to future manufacturers .    ( ):   They worked fast identifying and sorting    with the help workers a flame .    The women here tell us all the trash is foreign , even though Chinese law bans the import of electronic waste .    The most valuable electronic guts like circuit boards are separated and the rest treated like some giant plastic harvest .   Workers take piles of plastic chips and mix them into what looks like a synthetic stew .    Workers be one of the world ’s largest informal recycling operations through    but it is dirty , dangerous work . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Guiyu When recycling is done in primitive ways like what we have seen here in China with the electronic waste , it     it is hugely devastating for the local environment . WATSON :   Greenpeace says the water and air in Guiyu is terribly polluted .    ( on camera ) Guiyu   I am walking on flat screams these come from laptops or from computer monitors or , or video TV screens and they can contain a highly toxic chemical , mercury , these you can see how those chemicals could then seep into the environment and even into the food supply of nearby livestock .    ( ):   But talk to someone who does n’t rely on    to make a living and you get a very    story .    ( on camera ) :   Do you guys drink the water here ?   ( ):   These migrant farmers say they do n’t dare drink the water and one of These migrant farmers has a shocking admission the water FARMER ( through translator These migrant farmers :   It may not sound nice , but we refuse to eat this rice that we plant because of all the pollution .   We do we know who ends up eating this rice . we :   Workers here complain their business this rice that we plant because of all the pollution hurt by a crackdown on    smuggled in Workers here the US , Europe , and other Asian countries , but as Chinese consumers become more wealthy , the country is increasingly generating its own   .   That puts Chinese on China as well Chinese the rest of the world to China out a cleaner , safer way the world of all this electronic junk . Ivan Watson , CNN , Guiyu , China . CNN IVAN WATSON ) AZUZ :   Earning Guiyu perfect China 10 Out of 10 " this firefighter .   He is using a sweet water jet pack to meet a simulated bridge fire face to face .   And then he ’s got plenty of water to put it out .   This is a He of a firefighting system in Dubai , plenty of water Arab Emirates .   It ’s reportedly seen an increase of buyers in recent years , but now , This in part to this , any blaze on a boat , bridge or coastal building now has a new enemy . Why ?   Because he ’s jet packing a hose lot of    that could engulf and    any nearby flare up to beat the heat . I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 . Click here to CNN the printable version of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 CNN a growing audience CNN in compact    news CNN 10 for explanation seekers CNN 10 go or in the classroom . The show ’s priority is to identify stories of international significance and then clearly describe why they CNN 10 news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , CNN 10 society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN 