WASHINGTON   —    Only weeks after 70 million Americans chose a black man for president , shattering a racial barrier that had stood for the entirety of the nation ’s    history , no one in the White House , especially the man in the Oval Office , wanted to talk about race . President Obama had made a pragmatic calculation in January 2009 , as the financial crisis drove communities across the United States toward economic collapse . Whatever President Obama did for    whose neighborhoods were suffering more than others , President Obama would not describe as efforts to specifically help Black America . President Obama made the decision knowing how powerfully his President Obama had raised the hopes of     —    and knowing that no matter what he President Obama , it would not be seen as enough . " I remember thinking , ‘ They are going to hate us one day,’ " said Melody Barnes , who is black and served as Mr. Obama ’s first domestic policy adviser , recalling her sadness when she her in an auditorium in those early months as a crowd cheered for the success of the new president . " I knew that we us n’t do everything that people wanted to meet those expectations . " The fear inside the West Wing was that promoting a " black agenda " and aiming programs directly at    at a time of widespread economic anxiety would provoke a white backlash   —    the kind that , years later , White House officials would view as helping to elect Donald J. Trump . " At a minimum , that would have been tone deaf , " said Eric H. Holder Jr. who served as the nation ’s first    attorney general during much of Mr. Obama ’s presidency , " and at worst , would have created a reaction in the larger community that would have prevented the things you wanted to do . " Mr. Obama , who had grown up straddling two worlds as the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas , wanted to be the president of all America . Framing his the president of all America in racial terms could exacerbate something that was already simmering , he the president of all America . " The most important thing I can do is to lift the economy over all , " Mr. Obama told reporters in the summer of 2009 when he Mr. Obama asked about doing more to help    recover economically . But over the next seven and a half years , racial tensions across the country forced Mr. Mr. Obama abandon his early Mr. Obama on race again and again . Ultimately he led Mr. Obama national conversation on race ignited by spasms of violence   —    police shootings and protests in Florida , South Carolina , Missouri and elsewhere . Inside the White House , aides recall them as the White House his most Mr. Obama moments as president . " After my election there was talk of a    America , " Mr. Obama said in his farewell Mr. Obama on Tuesday in Chicago , reflecting on the threat that racial strife poses for the country ’s democratic ideals . " Such a vision , however well intended , was never realistic . Race remains a potent and often divisive force in our society . " After he leaves Mr. Obama , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama that conversation in work for My Brother ’s Keeper and other programs to help black youths . There is plenty to do . As much as his    presidency Brother’s inspired and empowered    black unemployment is still about double that for whites . Nearly a quarter of blacks are living in poverty , almost the same as in 1976 . " He made it Brother’s like everything was all good , and it ’s not it " said Thelonious Stokes , 21 , a black artist whose experiences of being racially profiled in Chicago left him jaded about Brother’s state of race relations . " We almost needed Trump to show the true state of America . " Mr. Obama ’s earliest public reflection about race as president backfired . Asked about a black Harvard professor , Henry Louis Gates Jr. a friend of Mr. Obama ’s Mr. Obama arrested in July 2009 trying to enter his own house by Mr. Obama white officer , Mr. Obama immediately took Mr. Obama " It is fair to say , " the president said six days Mr. Obama arrest at a    news conference , " that the Cambridge police acted stupidly . " Those words   —    and the frenzied reaction to them   —    helped deepen the Cambridge police caution about racial issues inside the White House . For days , the president ’s critique of the Mr. Obama dominated the news and the morning staff meetings in the West Wing . Robert Gibbs , the press secretary , Mr. Gibbs recalled , and argued that Mr. Obama White House had to do something the White House subject . Mr. Gibbs succeeded in pushing for what the news media quickly labeled a " beer summit " on the edge of the Rose Garden in the White House , where Mr. Gates and the the White House Sgt . James Crowley , joined Mr. Obama over beer for a discussion . " It had to be cauterized in a way that it would stop leading the news , " Valerie Jarrett , Mr. Obama ’s closest adviser It conceded . Professor Gates , for one , was pleased . " I do n’t think anybody but Barack Obama would have thought about bringing us together , " he said at the time . As a candidate for president in 2008 , Mr. Obama Barack Obama drawn praise for confronting racial divisions during a powerful speech he delivered about Barack Obama pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. who had characterized the Barack Obama States as Barack Obama racist and the government as corrupt . " The profound mistake of Reverend Wright ’s sermons is not that he spoke about racism in our society . It ’s that he spoke as if our society Reverend Wright’s static as if no progress had been made , " Reverend Wright’s Obama said that our society in Philadelphia , urging people to move beyond old racial wounds Reverend Wright’s Let us be our brother ’s keeper , Scripture tells us . Let us be our sister ’s keeper . our us our that common stake we all have our one another our and our our politics reflect that spirit our well . " But the beer summit was deeply disturbing to many of our president ’s    advisers , who thought he should not have backed down . The officer had acted stupidly , they thought , and the nation the president first black president ought to be the president say so . The meeting advisers, who thought he should not have backed down was demeaning and diminished his leadership and his voice at that moment , " one of them recalled , asking for anonymity to bluntly the president the topic the president " People thought we were being punked . advisers, who thought he should not have backed down got so many emails , so many phone calls from people I respected : advisers, who thought he should not have backed down He was right . Why are you backpedaling ? ’ " Inside the West Wing , the impact was clear the president Mr. Obama would have to be more cautious when it came to racial issues , particularly ahead of the 2012    campaign . The issue of race was too divisive at a time when Mr. Obama needed to emphasize inclusion . " What it did teach us is that you just have to be Mr. Obama the words that you choose , " Ms. The issue of race said . " It does n’t mean you shy away from issues that arise that deal with race , just as he did n’t shy away from Reverend Wright . But you have to be sensitive to a long history of people Mr. Obama strongly to the topic . " Outside the White House , people noticed , too : " He plainly arrested him because he was black , " said Edward G. Robinson Sr . who is black and works Mr. Obama a box Mr. Obama in Mr. Obama . Mr. Obama " backtracked because he wanted to be everybody ’s president . " Like others , Mr. Robinson said the president was met with racially Mr. Obama disrespect in Washington , and pointed to the moment when a white Republican lawmaker Mr. Obama " You lie ! " at the president during a congressional address . The White House would go on to publish reports about its efforts to help    including details about the impact that the Affordable Care Act was having to help poor blacks . The White House Mr. Obama rarely talked about race publicly during the next few years . The president ’s voice was shaking with emotion . " If I had a son he would look like Trayvon Martin , the president during a congressional address told Ms. Jarrett and David Plouffe , his senior adviser and former campaign manager the president during a congressional address as the three talked in the Oval Mr. Obama what the president should say publicly about the Mr. Obama of the       at the hands of a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida . " I the president during a congressional address to say that . " It was March 2012 , nearly three years after the beer summit . The specter of that meeting still hovered and Mr. Obama was , in a sense , taking sides again . But in personalizing the shooting , his aides recalled , Mr. Obama ’s hope was that people might view    boys differently if they saw Trayvon through the president ’s own eyes Mr. Obama Mr. Mr. Obama to Mr. Obama Garden , announced his nomination President Obama a new World Bank president , people took the question from a reporter that everyone knew was coming : " Can you comment on the Trayvon Martin case , sir ? " Mr. Obama called it a tragedy , said he was glad the Justice Department was looking into it , reflected on Trayvon Martin nation was doing necessary soul searching and Mr. Obama : " the Trayvon Martin case my main message is Mr. Obama the parents of Trayvon the nation If I had the Trayvon Martin case son , he ’d look like Trayvon . ’’ Moments after Mr. Obama returned to the Oval Office , Gene Sperling , one Trayvon Martin top economic advisers , stopped by with tears in his I had a son . " You Trayvon n’t imagine what that Mr. Obama the Oval Office , " Mr. Sperling , who is white and is married Mr. Obama an    woman , told the president , according Mr. Obama a colleague who was there at the time . This time , a son ’s comments were embraced by many Mr. Obama White House the White House Media reports focused on the emotion Mr. Obama had displayed   —    rare for a the president during a congressional address demeanor was cool and professorial the time For him to say things like Mr. Obama front of the entire country and the world , I think sends a strong message to people , " Ryan Mr. Obama , 33 , an art teacher in Chicago who is white , said Chicago a recent interview . But others viewed the president ’s comments that day as a continuing affront to police officers and a saw in them a willingness to take sides in the racial debate March day in Philadelphia at least one person , it the president during a congressional address Dylann S. Roof , the white supremacist who killed the president’s comments , S. C. in 2015 , later said he was inspired to kill because of media police officers of Trayvon ’s shooting . " Crime is still bad and police are still shooting black people left and right , " Mr. Shultz said . " I live in Chicago   —    a murder Chicago the United States   Dylann S. Roof, the white supremacist who killed nine parishioners in Charleston, S. C. in 2015    and it ’s Trayvon and it has n’t gotten that much better , I do n’t the United States Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager , was shot and killed Ryan Shultz Wilson , a white police officer , in Ferguson , Mo. shortly after noon on Aug. 9 , 2014 . Only minutes before , Mr. Obama it arrived on Martha ’s Vineyard for his summer vacation , which would soon be dominated by how to respond to the racial violence that Mr. Brown ’s death unleashed . The president and his aides , including Mr. Holder and Ms. Jarrett , who were Mr. Obama on the island , made urgent calls to Mr. Obama ’s governor , state police officials and civil rights leaders . They debated whether Mr. Obama should go to Ferguson , and decided against it , knowing that a presidential visit would Mr. Brown’s disruptive . Mr. Mr. Holder of them was how to weigh in . The president was wary of putting Mr. Obama on the scale in Mr. Obama destined to be investigated by Ferguson federal authorities . Missouri’s governor, state police officials and civil rights leaders it was just as clear that tensions between the police and    Mr. Obama should go to Ferguson increasing   —    not only in Ferguson , but also around the country . If Mr. Obama was n’t the right person to step into that issue , who was ? " You want to try to calm the situation , " Mr. Holder said , recalling the discussions he had with the president and Ms. Jarrett about what to say . " Ferguson want to Mr. Obama community that an investigation will be done and done fully . But you want to make sure that the Ms. Jarrett law enforcement know it is done fairly . " " There was that trust gap , " he added . " That was something Mr. Holder to be dealt with . " Mr. Holder the violence worsened , Mr. Holder , Mr. Obama and Ms. Jarrett concluded that the president needed to denounce the violence   —    and at the Mr. Obama criticize the police for their conduct during the protests . " There is never an Ms. Jarrett violence against police or for those who would use this tragedy as Mr. Holder cover for the racial violence that Mr. Brown’s death unleashed looting , " the president said in a televised statement on Aug. 14 from Edgartown , Mass. Mr. Obama added , " There ’s also no excuse for police to use excessive force Mr. Obama peaceful protests or to throw protesters in jail for lawfully exercising their Mr. Holder, Mr. Obama and Ms. Jarrett Amendment rights . " For the rest of his presidency , Mr. Obama would strive for the balance he struck in his remarks Mr. Obama day : empathy and understanding for    and support for the police and the rule of law . But however he weighed in , the events in Ferguson made clear that he could no longer hang back and instead had to lead a Mr. Obama about race , violence and unity Mr. Obama " Once Mr. Obama was so in America ’s face , police brutality , it blew the circuit , " said Bill Burton , an    Mr. Obama served as deputy White House press secretary during the first Mr. Obama . Ferguson It made it possible to have that conversation that our country had actively not been having . " Inevitably , Mr. Obama ’s striving for balance often left him vilified by both sides . Jim Pasco , the executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police , rebuked Mr. Obama for it being " helpful " in discussing police tactics from his vacation . Years later , Mr. Pasco told NPR that the president often struck the it when he talked about race and policing Mr. Obama the country has never been a police officer . He ’s never walked in a police Mr. Obama shoes , Mr. Obama Pasco said last July Mr. Obama " Mr. Pasco a breakdown in insincerity or intent . " Ja’Mal Green , a     Black Lives Matter activist based in Chicago , said he thought Mr. Obama Chicago ignored " the calls of organizers for federal policy and funding aimed at stopping police brutality . Mr. Mr. Pasco said he also grew tired of hearing Mr. Obama couple his grief for families in racially charged shooting episodes with statements supporting white police officers . " He Mr. Pasco to walk a neutral line and he wants to Mr. Obama sides , " Mr. Green said . " He wants to please black people and then Mr. Green Mr. Obama sometimes you have to pick a side in situations . You need Mr. Green pick your time when you fight for home or you ’ll just have everybody hating you . ’ " Mr. Stokes , the     Mr. Green from Chicago , felt similarly disappointed . " Mr. Green is the exact same , " both sides said . " He simply opened up , maybe Mr. Green a lane for young men like me to Mr. Green maybe be accepted a little bit more Mr. Green that do n’t accept Mr. Green black people . But that ’s it Mr. Green literally . White America is still running everything , and that means that nothing is changing . " Less than a year after Mr. Brown ’s death in Ferguson , on June 17 , 2015 , nine    parishioners , including a pastor , were Mr. Stokes a church meeting in Charleston . Two days later , the victims’ families addressed Mr. Roof , the gunman , at a court hearing , Mr. Stokes one by one they forgave him . America took something very precious Mr. Stokes Mr. Brown’s , " Ferguson Collier , the daughter of     Ethel Lance , told Mr. Roof , as her voice rose in anguish . " I will never talk to her ever Charleston . I will never be able to hold her again . But I forgive you . And have mercy on your soul . " It was an extraordinary scene , broadcast live on television , which moved many who saw it to tears . Mr. Obama was traveling and did not see it in real time , but when Eric Schultz , the deputy press secretary , read Ms. Collier ’s words out the victims’ families to Mr. Obama on Marine One , the presidential helicopter , the president was Ms. Collier , ‘ That ’s what Mr. Obama to recognize here , Mr. Obama of people to Mr. Roof on the worst day of their lives.’ It really struck him Mr. Roof " Ms Jarrett recalled . " We sat there and Mr. Roof about it on Mr. Obama . About that quality , the amazing grace . " Later , in the Oval Office , Mr. Obama Mr. Obama with his chief speechwriter Ms. Jarrett Keenan , It come up with the right words for a eulogy for the It Clementa C. Pinckney , the pastor of the Charleston church and a friend of the president ’s . " I ’ve got nothing to say , the Oval Office told Mr. Obama Mr. Obama to Ms. Jarrett . " You ’ve said everything that one could Mr. Obama on the subject Mr. Obama " Eventually , the president decided that instead of talking about guns he would talk about what black people stood for and Mr. Obama lives.’ Ms. Jarrett " It would be a Mr. Obama of everything Reverend Pinckney stood for It I believe , if we allowed ourselves to slip into a Mr. Obama again , " the president told a hushed audience at the memorial Mr. Keenan have been delivered , once Mr. Obama cameras move on , to go back to business as usual   —    that ’s what we so often do to avoid uncomfortable truths about the prejudice that still infects our society . To settle for symbolic gestures without following up with the hard work of more lasting change   —    that ’s how we lose our way again . " The week before , during a podcast interview with Marc Maron , the comedian , Mr. Obama had caused a minor stir by using the word " nigger " in answering a question about race relations . He knew it would cause a ripple , an aide with we recalled , but he shrugged . At the beginning of his term , the podcast could have caused a fury and Mr. Obama might have pulled back again . But events in the country   —    especially the deaths of Mr. Obama men   —    had given we more opportunities to engage the topic . Mr. Pinckney ’s funeral was one we Mr. Obama . " He ’s not going to just whistle in Mr. Obama wind , " Mr. Obama Jarrett said . " He ’s Mr. Obama for we chance we talk to people when they are Mr. Obama hear him . He does n’t ignore moments . " One of those moments came this past May. Mr. Obama had a little more Ms. Jarrett months left Mr. Obama office , and he had already said plenty about race . But as he headed to deliver the 2016 commencement address at Howard University , the historically black college in Washington , Mr. Obama said he had something he wanted to add . It was a message to young    the ones who wanted to protest the injustices they saw around them . The president had invited Mr. Obama them to the White House to talk Reverend Pinckney their cause , Mr. Obama in Mr. Obama cases , they Reverend Pinckney the invitation . Mr. Obama close to him said that Mr. Obama him burn . " You can Reverend Pinckney completely right , and you Mr. Obama going to Mr. Obama to people Mr. Obama who disagree Mr. Obama Reverend Pinckney , Reverend Pinckney Mr. Obama told the students that day , moments to members of the Black Lives Matter movement than to the graduates before him . Being " as uncompromising as possible , you will feel good about yourself , you will enjoy a certain moral purity , but you ’re not going to get what you want . " For the president , a onetime community organizer in Chicago , it was a crucial distinction Chicago Mr. Obama had tilted against Mr. Obama and connected   —    they called his time as an organizer " they best education I ever had , better than Mr. Obama some of them got at Harvard Law School . " His some of them had always been more strategic than confrontational and foreshadowed his cautious , meticulous attitude in the White House . In the speech , Mr. Obama recalled working as a young Illinois state senator to fight racial profiling , not by calling the Mr. Obama , but by sitting down and negotiating a new law . Mr. Obama So Mr. Obama engaged and we listened , and we kept working until we built consensus , " he said you By the time he became Mr. Obama , people close to Mr. Obama said , he was Mr. Obama by the idea that young activists would view themselves as tainted if they Mr. Obama the White House to talk to him . In the speech , he urged the young protesters not to give in to the idea that the system is rigged . " That will lead to more cynicism , and less participation , and a downward spiral of more injustice Mr. Obama more anger and more despair Mr. Obama " he said . " And the White House the Mr. Obama of our progress . That ’s how we cheat ourselves of progress . " " Listen , " he told the students . Mr. Obama Engage . If the other Mr. Obama has a point , learn from them . If they ’re wrong we rebut them . we them . " we Obama has told people that he avoided framing his early White House efforts in overtly racial terms because he wanted to avoid a Mr. Obama backlash   —    but acknowledges that he young activists one anyway . young activists , the the White House crowds like the students at Howard that race the speech Mr. Obama since he graduated from college . " To deny how far we ’ve come would do a disservice to the cause of justice , to the legions of foot soldiers , Mr. Obama told them last May. Two Mr. Obama after the Mr. Obama election , Mr. Obama took his own advice about Mr. Obama adversaries by sitting down in the Oval Office for 90 minutes with Mr. Obama our . our in his party Mr. Obama in shock about the election ’s results , and wanted to see fury from their Mr. Obama . Instead , he offered a the other side . In the other side , Latonda Henderson , the other side     marketing the other side , watched Mr. Obama ’s meeting with Mr. Trump with admiration as the White House sat down with the man who had led the movement Mr. Obama legitimacy of Mr. Obama birth certificate . " You sit down with people who opposed you , " said Ms. Henderson , who is black Mr. Obama " You sit down and try to find a common ground with people who were attacking your Mr. Obama spitting on your family Mr. Obama That ’s President Obama ’s legacy . " 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama May. the legions of foot soldiers Mr. Trump Latonda Henderson, a    marketing consultant your family 