RALEIGH , North Carolina   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump returned to North Carolina on Monday afternoon for the second of five rallies on his Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , ambitious day of campaigning in 2016 , addressing an audience of thousands at the J. S. Norton Arena . [ Hillary Clinton was also expected in RALEIGH later in the evening , for a midnight rally with her Hillary Clinton , Bill , and daughter , Chelsea .   For the first time since Trump ’s rally in downtown Toledo , Ohio two weeks ago   —    also held at rush hour in a major urban center   —    there were some empty seats in the back , and some room on the floor . Yet the size of the crowd amazed local resident Dena Blaylock . Panoramic shot from floor of # Trump Trump’s in # Raleigh # NorthCarolina pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) November 7 , 2016 ,   " I think the media does n’t portray Donald Trump accurately , " she Donald Trump . " For example , there are as many women as men at this rally . And there are youth , college kids coming in on their as many women as men at this rally . " There were indeed many women at the rally   —    and they many women at the rally   their many women at the rally   known , with the campaign ’s " Women for Trump Donald Trump signs , " Women Small Business Owners for Trump " signs , or even homemade " Moms for Trump Trump signs .   One group of women had another set of signs : " Democrats for Trump " " Teacher for Trump " and " Suburban Moms for Trump Trump " There was a " Cubans for Trump Trump , a " Latinas for Trump " Trump and also a " Latinos for Trump " sign Trump which its owner had listed Trump preference for an Trump to open borders and illegal immigration .   And in the back of the bleachers behind the stage , there were several " Gays for Trump " signs , Trump of which incorporated the rainbow Gay Pride flag .   Blaylock said that the turnout represented support for Trump   —    Trump rejection of Washington . " What it says is that we ’re fed up with the establishment . I ’m a Republican   —    That ’s how we got Trump as our we . Trump Republicans we Washington , D. C. did Washington do what they were supposed do . The Republicans in Washington, D. C. " This is exciting , " she added .   Sue , from Kerry , North Carolina   —    the creator of the " Moms for Trump " sign   — Trump Breitbart News : " This country is in a dreadful state . The press , the FBI the Department of Justice   —    they ’re all corrupt . " The press, the FBI the Department of Justice  —    ’ve got to vote for change , and I think Donald Trump can make it happen . " Trump echoed that sentiment in his Donald Trump , telling the audience Donald Trump " You have one magnificent chance to change a corrupt system and to deliver justice for every forgotten man , woman , and child in this nation . " He added a message of unity Donald Trump " We ’re fighting to bring us all together .    …      Just imagine if we started working together , under us all God , saluting one American flag . " Earlier Monday , Trump held a rally in Sarasota , Florida . After Raleigh , he is scheduled to speak in Trump , Pennsylvania Manchester , New Hampshire and Grand Rapids , Michigan . His running mate , Indiana Gov. Trump Pence , will join him for the last two legs Trump that journey . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Trump 