’   ’ ’    Donald Trump formally accepted the Republican nomination for    president on Thursday night in a lengthy , dark speech casting    Donald Trump as the only savior of an America in decline . ’ ’    " I’’m with you , the American people , " Donald Trump said . " I am your    voice . " ’ ’    Addressing the Republican National Convention audience in    Cleveland , Donald Trump cast his candidacy as a contrast between    establishment " political correctness " and Donald Trump unique brand of    isolationist populism . ’ ’    " No longer can we rely on those same people in the media , and    politics ,    who will say anything to keep a rigged system in place , " Trump    said . ’ ’    " History is watching we now . It’ ’s waiting to see if we will rise    to the occasion and if we will show the whole world that America    is still free and independent and strong . " ’ ’    Trump’ ’s acceptance speech focused heavily on supporting law    enforcement , with references to the recent shooting of police    officers and to the attacks in San Bernardino , California , and    Orlando , Florida . The Republican nominee promised to appoint " the    best prosecutors and    officers . " ’ ’    " In this race for the White House , I am the       candidate , " Trump said . ’ ’    When a protester interrupted The Republican nominee midway    through his speech The Republican nominee he briefly The Republican nominee   . ’ ’    " How great are our police ? " Trump said Trump prompting some of the    loudest applause of the night . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tFORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION !    ’ ’    Trump also Trump to some of his    Trump ,    reiterating    ban    immigration from countries that have " been    compromised by terrorism , " a policy the Republican nominee    proposed after first advocating a ban on all Muslims entering the    US . ’ ’    But the    mogul spent considerable time criticizing    President Barack Obama and presumptive Democratic presidential    nominee Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    The Republican presidential nominee said Obama regretted    appointing Clinton as secretary of state , criticizing her      legacy in countries like Libya and Syria that have    been plagued by civil war . ’ ’    " I am certain it is a decision he truly regrets , " Trump said .    " Her bad Trump and her bad Trump . " ’ ’    He added he " This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton : death ,    destruction , terrorism , and weakness . " ’ ’    Trump also Trump to cast Clinton as Hillary Clinton representative of    corporate interests , asserting that wealthy donors were    attempting to influence the former secretary of state by donating    money to her campaign Trump ’ ’    " They are throwing money at her because Trump have They control    over everything she does Trump " Trump said . " She is Trump puppet They and    they pull They strings . " ’ ’   ’ "    The crowd ’s enthusiasm in the hall occasionally boiled over ,    interrupting       magnate . " ’    After Trump criticized Trump ’s character and honesty , the crowd The crowd " Lock her up ! " ’ "    Trump paused Trump acknowledging the crowd ’s chanting The crowd ’    " Let’ ’s defeat her in November , " her replied Trump ’ ’    Clinton’ ’s campaign criticized the speech as relentlessly negative    and promised a " positive vision for the future " at next week’ ’s    Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . ’ ’    " Tonight , Donald Trump Trump dark picture of an America in    decline , " Clinton campaign chair John Podesta said in a    statement . ’ ’    The statement continued : ’ 
 a   statement 