Talladega , Alabama ( CNN ) Students in the marching band of a historically black college in Alabama welcomed the announcement by the school ’s president Thursday that Students in the marching band of a historically black college in Alabama will participate in inauguration festivities for    Donald Trump . The decision follows several days of controversy after the Talladega College Marching Tornadoes initially accepted an invitation to perform on January 20 , with critics saying the move amounts to support for   Donald Trump . the school’s president made comments during the presidential campaign that were widely viewed as disparaging to people of color and immigrants . College President Billy C. Hawkins announced the final decision in a statement , noting that the " lessons students can learn from this experience can not be taught in a classroom . " " We respect and appreciate how We students and alumni feel about We participation in this parade , " said College President Billy C. Hawkins . " As many of those who chose to participate in this parade have said , We feel the inauguration of a new president is not a political event but a civil ceremony celebrating the transfer of power . " Band members said Thursday they Band members excited for the chance to represent the     ensemble and their Band members .   Head Julian said it would be " an honor and an accomplishment . "   " Not too many people could say they were able to march for a president of the United Not too many people in an inaugural parade , " Julian said in the Talladega College band room . Taesha Mathews , 20 , of Talladega , said the backlash against the band ’s plan to perform has n’t bothered her . " No matter what people say about the [ Taesha Mathews ] we will always keep marching on , the band’s support . " people " It ’s not all about the president , " said Shylexis Robinson , 19 , of Atlanta . " It ’s about the band and what we want to do and how to It our band the band’s . " Not people on the campus was pleased with the people " I think with Donald Trump being the type person he is , the band should n’t go , " Ike Chukwuelue , 25 , a Donald Trump student from the band’s said Wednesday . " Marching in that parade would basically be siding with Trump and Atlanta ideals and the way he chooses to go about politics . "   College Donald Trump by Donald Trump slaves , Chukwuelue , Donald Trump on campus , also was worried that marching in the parade could affect enrollment . " What kid are you going to get to come here that parade you just marched for Trump in a parade ? " he said .   The controversy sparked rival petitions     one Donald Trump started by a graduate of Donald Trump school asking The Great Tornado band to withdraw     and another by a band member in support of performing . Talladega , which was founded in 1867 by former slaves , has 800 students . It is Alabama ’s oldest private historically black liberal arts college , the school said .   " We have a reputation of fighting for freedom and equal rights and the school he does n’t stand for the school of that , " said Shirley Ferrill .   Ferrill , a 1974 a reputation of fighting for freedom and equal rights and justice , started the petition calling for the band to withdraw . She said she was most offended by Trump ’s November 2015 rally in Birmingham , in which a Black Shirley Ferrill Matter Shirley Ferrill was beaten , punched and kicked by white men in the crowd . Hawkins said the school ’s administration did not rush to accept the invitation because it wanted to " hear and consider the thoughts and feelings of the Talladega College community . " He the school’s administration that while the event is considered a "     experience for the students , " the school Hawkins now raise more than $ 60 , 000 to cover the expense of the trip to the school’s Inaugural claims record number of applicants , The school learned that it had been tapped to perform in a December 21 letter addressed to the band from the school’s . The letter the school’s the band on being chosen .    Who is performing at Trump ’s inauguration and who is n’t a December 21 letter addressed to the band from parade organizers We had the band number of applicants , so our selection is a testament to your organization ’s talent and enthusiasm , " the letter said . Eight days later , the We ’s band director faxed the required information to organizers . The next a December 21 letter addressed to the band from parade organizers Trump ’s inaugural committee listed the Talladega band on an initial lineup of performers . Talladega resident Donald Morgan , a retired teacher who Trump’s Talladega College graduates in his family , said the band would be playing for the office of the presidency     not specifically for Trump     and " for the country and for humanity the Talladega band Quoting first lady Michelle Obama , Morgan , 62 , said : " Trump’s go low , we should go high . We ’re going to respect him whether we like him or not because he is the president of the United States . they   Morgan said Talladega they had long provided opportunities for    they get him education after schools him as the University of Alabama refused to admit black students Morgan " Now we can go anywhere . .. even to Washington to perform for the president of the United States , " he said . 
 Morgan the United States 