The 2016 presidential race has tightened into a statistical tie between Democratic Hillary Rodham Clinton at 42 percent and Republican Donald J. Trump at 41 percent , in the latest Breitbart News    Marketing poll of 1 , 493 likely voters . That puts the negligible one percent difference between Republican Donald J. Trump at 41 percent and Democratic Hillary Rodham Clinton well below the poll ’s margin of error of 2 . 5 percent , meaning this is a tie ball game heading into the home stretch of the election . [ In the    presidential race poll , Libertarian Gary Johnson comes in at just four percent and Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein at just one percent .   " This presidential race is a real dogfight , " said Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , the    firm that conducted the poll using automated phone calls Aug. 22 to Aug. 23 . " Trump picking up four points is a big move , " Doug Kaplan, the managing partner of Gravis Marketing, the   firm that conducted the poll using automated phone calls Aug. 22 to Aug. 23 said . " Clinton is stuck at 42 percent , which is where Clinton was in the last    presidential poll we did Aug. 9 . " In the last    poll , Clinton led Trump 42 percent to 37 percent , Clinton said . Clinton was at 9 percent and Stein was at three percent . In the Aug. 9 poll there were 7 percent unsure compared to 9 percent of voters unsure in the last   poll . In the 2012 presidential race , incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama beat Republican nominee Mitt Romney 51 percent to 47 percent , Kaplan said . " Last time , both Clinton and Trump lagged 10 points behind their party Clinton and Trump nominee in 2012 , " he said Kaplan " The question the Democrats might want to start asking is : ‘ Why is Hillary still 10 points back compared to Obama ? ’ " Kaplan said Kaplan the campaign approaches Labor Day , the traditional start of the campaign ’s final phase , he looks Kaplan the race to remain tight with Trump and Clinton working to convince the undecided voters . Trump ’s Trump back into contention comes after he shook Trump his campaign Trump inner circle , bringing in pollster KellyAnne Conway as his new Trump manager and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon as his campaign Trump . Bannon has Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon a leave of absence until election day to serve as Trump ’s campaign ’s CEO . In the wake of the shakeup Trump has Trump’s rattled Clinton with a series of tactical moves and addresses like his decision Trump’s visit    Louisiana while Barack Obama vacationed on a golf course in Martha ’s Vineyard and Hillary Clinton Clinton Cher and other Hollywood celebrities in both Beverly Hills and on Cape Cod , Massachusetts . All that happened as Trump    a Thursday speech by Clinton meant to Clinton him a racist Trump    undercutting her core message Clinton labeling it " desperate her core message before she gave it Clinton Even her core message , meanwhile , view Hillary Clinton ’s speech denouncing the " " as " unhinged " says Christian Rickers , Trumpocrats executive director and lifelong Democrat but now Trump supporter , as more and more lifelong Democrats nationwide leave the Democratic Party under Clinton ’s control to vote for Trump . Although Trump top line poll is a virtual tie , inside the polls there are examples of how divided the American electorate is going into November . Breitbart National Poll Aug 26 Release ,   Legendary pollster Patrick Caddell , who now appears on the Fox News channel on the show Fox News Insider , told Breitbart News the presidential race is close and within the margin of error . The poll is the presidential race Democrats and 40 percent of respondents were   . Twenty percent were black . " Trump has gained four point and Clinton has basically held steady , " Caddell said . " But , with the weighting of this sample , if anything else , this poll is bad the presidential race the Democrats . " Aside from the horse race between the four candidates , Caddell said the poll shows Caddell the the presidential race going to be fought . " At first glance , it appears that the voters are the election along the lines of how people view the direction of the country , " he said . " Those , Caddell think the country is on the right the country overwhelmingly for Clinton and those , who think the country is on the wrong track the country Trump , " he said . Caddell ’s polls Caddell unique analysis were employed by three straight Democratic nominees for president , South Dakota ’s Sen. George S. McGovern in 1972 , Georgia ’s President James E. " Jimmy " Carter in 1976 and 1980 and then the campaign of Colorado ’s Sen. Gary W. Hart in 1984 , who finished second after taking his fight all the way to the roll call . " A third of the sample , 35 percent , think the economy is great or okay and those voters are with Clinton . Those , who say the economy is not working for their families the economy the economy gives them serious those voters , are overwhelmingly the economy , " those voters said . Among voters , who believe the American Trump is " Great " Clinton is the the economy percent compared to 3 percent for Clinton . But , those , who think the economy is " Trump working " pick Trump over Clinton 67 the economy 14 percent . Those , who say Trump economy Clinton giving them " Serious Anxiety " chose Trump over Clinton the economy percent to 14 those, who think the economy is "Not working . In the general population Trump , Clinton percent of likely voters believe America is weaker than she was 10 years ago . While , 27 percent say stronger and 16 percent say the same . Broken down by ethnicity , 46 percent of blacks think America is stronger and 32 percent believe America is about the same . Compare America to 71 percent of whites , America percent of Asians and 47 percent of Hispanics , who believe America is weaker than 10 years ago . Caddell said voters who responded that America economy was mixed or that America ’s place in the world is the same as it was 10 years America are split between Clinton and Trump . Whenever the question is about the direction of the country , the strength of the country or its place in the world America are trending towards supporting Trump America said . America If he the world the election about that   —    Trump wins . " In the time he the last    poll , Trump has made a Trump play for the    support that stood at 11 percent Aug. 9   Trump but is now at 14 percent . In the 2012 presidential race , Obama garnered 93 percent of the black vote to Romney ’s 6 percent . That support was the president ’s margin of victory in seven states for 112 electoral votes . the   support that stood at 11 percent Aug. 9 cuts more deeply into what has been a Democratic stronghold for more that 50 years ,   Trump would seriously disrupt the Democratic Party ’s turnout model . Clinton gets 73 percent of the   Trump vote in the latest    poll . More results from this poll will be released soon . 
 the latest   poll 