Republicans in Congress are quickly discovering that repealing a law touching    of the American economy may not be as easy as Republicans in Congress thought . The GOP plan following the November elections was this : Republicans in Congress would swiftly pass a measure repealing the Affordable Care Act through the House and Senate , delay the date of enactment by a few years , and buy Republicans in Congress time to replace the law with conservative ,    measures of Republicans in Congress own . Yet with each passing day , more and more Republicans are blanching at the idea , worried about the political and practical wisdom of scrapping the law without having a new one ready to go . The latest to cast doubt on the plan Tuesday was the most important Republican of them all :    Donald Trump . In an interview with The New York Times , Trump said   Donald Trump while he wanted   Donald Trump Republican Congress to repeal Obamacare immediately , it should Obamacare up with a replacement " quickly " —   not the two , three , or even four years later that GOP leaders originally envisioned . " Long to me would   Donald Trump weeks , " he said   Donald Trump " It wo n’t be repeal and then two years later go in with another plan . " The Battle for Obamacare Begins Anew , As The Times noted , Trump may be setting an impossibly high bar for Republicans to meet . Individual lawmakers have been advancing proposals for an Obamacare replacement Obamacare years , but the party has never coalesced around a single plan , in large part because the details are incredibly complicated and require all kinds of politically risky decisions about cost , access to care and insurance , and taxes . As recently as last week , House Speaker Paul Ryan was committed only to passing legislation taking the place of the Affordable Care Act sometime in 2017 , with the understanding that it would the Affordable Care Act actually take effect until after an orderly transition out of the current system . By Tuesday morning , however , that timetable had shifted considerably . " It is that timetable goal to bring this all together concurrently , " Ryan told House Speaker Paul Ryan after a party meeting . He indicated House Speaker Paul Ryan Republicans would try to pass as much of the replacement as possible through the budget process known as reconciliation , which allows the Senate to clear legislation dealing with taxes and spending through a simple majority vote rather than a    60 votes . Yet experts on Senate procedure the Senate said that while Republicans can scrap much of Obamacare using that process , most of the replacement the replacement to go through regular order , requiring 60 votes —   and thus , some Democratic support . The stated timeline for a replacement has moved up following complaints from Republican senators about the " delay " part of the leadership ’s original strategy . Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky , a former Trump rival for the GOP presidential nomination , has emerged as a leader of that pushback . He voted against Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, a former Trump rival for the GOP presidential nomination first procedural step Republicans took to set up repeal in the Senate last week , and in the days since he has sought Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, a former Trump rival for the GOP presidential nomination rally support —   and even enlist Trump —   Trump a bid to repeal and replace the law simultaneously . Judging by Trump ’s comments Trump the Times , the    seems to be coming down in the middle of that debate —   not   a simultaneous     vote , but not a long delay either . Senators Tom Cotton of Arkansas and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , chairman of the Senate health committee , have also raised concerns about    . And on Monday , a group of Republican senators introduced a budget amendment that could have the effect of putting off repeal of Obamacare until March , a significant delay considering that GOP leaders at one point wanted Trump to be able to sign that bill during his first days Trump office . Republicans have a more comfortable margin in the House , but even there , members of the conservative Freedom Caucus have urged party leaders to slow down , citing a desire to ensure that repealing the health law does not threaten their desire to party leaders the federal budget . Because of the taxes in Obamacare , repeal would increase the deficit in the short term . Does this mean the GOP ’s longstanding drive to eviscerate the Affordable Care Act is in jeopardy ? Not necessarily . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has vowed to press ahead with the procedural and budget votes to set up repeal , and thus far no Republicans have vowed to withhold their votes for no Republicans effort . While Democrats have warned about the    consequences of immediate repeal , Republicans are equally insistent that Obamacare is failing as it is , Obamacare they have argued Republicans must act Republicans to provide " relief " to Americans suffering from higher premiums and fewer insurance choices under the law . But the GOP majority in the Senate is slim McConnell can only afford to lose two votes , and it ’s unclear the GOP majority in the Senate he can hold slim McConnell party together when the decisive repeal measure comes up . If enough Republicans demand to vote on a replacement at the same time , the whole process could stall , perhaps indefinitely . President Obama ’s signature law is not safe , but it might survive signature law presidency at President Obama a bit longer than Republicans hoped . 
 