  ( CNN ) The founder of BET said Monday night The founder of BET is optimistic the lives of    could improve under    Donald Trump after meeting with The founder of BET Sunday . Bob Johnson , who supported Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during the 2016 campaign , told  (CNN) ’s " Erin Burnett Outfront " that The founder of BET had a positive and frank discussion with   Donald Trump at the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey , adding that , " I came away from the meeting understanding that   Donald Trump is committed to reaching out to   . " The founder of BET said The founder of BET told Trump   Donald Trump " Do n’t say to black Americans , ’What do you have to lose?’ say to black black Americans do you have to gain by a Trump   Donald Trump " The founder of BET said they discussed a number of issues that could benefit the black community if they were they by the Trump administration . Responding to video of an    group leader declaring " Hail Trump , " Johnson said , " I know that there are people like that in America . It ’s been that way ever since slavery existed in this country America ’re not going to go away tomorrow or the next day . "   He said Johnson and Hail Trump team Johnson got ta show me what they ’re going Trump and his team deliver to make those kind of silly Nazi behavior ( s ) irrelevant to black America . " America Johnson added that he believes Trump Johnson Hail Trump administration reject Johnson kind of behavior . Johnson also ruled Johnson serving in a Trump administration , saying he has no Johnson in serving in the government .   But he urged    Johnson keep an open mind about supporting Trump , Hail Trump , " If black Americans can turn the Republican Party into a friend , they should do black Americans . If they can keep black Americans Democratic Party the Republican Party , they should do black Americans . Our interests should it on our    and not be locked in one party or ignored by the other party . And one party Barack ) Obama and Hillary Clinton said , if we can find common ground with    Trump , we ought to do it our the best interest of    and the best interest of the country . " 
 