National Harbor , Maryland ( CNN ) White House chief strategist Steve Bannon , in a rare public appearance , outlined President Donald Trump ’s agenda Thursday before an enthusiastic crowd at the Conservative Political Action Conference . " I think one of the most pivotal moments in modern American history was his immediate withdrawal from TPP . It got us out of a trade deal and let us sovereignty come back to us , " his said , referring to the massive    Partnership trade agreement . That decision , which his called just a first step in    US trade policies , was just one of three Bannon pointed to as the most important steps Trump has taken since becoming president just over a month ago . On the national security front , Bannon highlighted Trump ’s executive orders on building a border wall and beefed up immigration enforcement policies . And thirdly , Bannon stressed the importance of Trump’s moves to begin a " deconstruction of the administrative state " by appointing individuals from the private sector to key economic Cabinet positions who will help strip down federal regulations . Bannon joined White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus onstage at CPAC , which Bannon credited with helping launch Trump Trump’s career . The two men discussed Trump ’s Trump’s , the administration ’s agenda and railed against the media together as they worked to The two men notions that they are rivals The two men for power and influence within the West Wing . " Well , in regard to us two , I think the biggest misconception is everything that you ’re reading , " Priebus said . " If you look at the opposition party , " Bannon said , referring to mainstream media outlets , " and how they portrayed the you look at the opposition party , how they portrayed the you look at the opposition party and now how they ’re portraying you look at the opposition party administration     it ’s always wrong . " The two sang each other ’s praises as they insisted their you look at the opposition party relationship you look at the opposition party not be closer . ( " We share an office suite together . We ’re basically We from 6:30 in the morning until about 11 o’clock at night , " Priebus said . ) While Priebus called Bannon Priebus incredibly loyal " and " extremely consistent , " Bannon said he Bannon Priebus’ Bannon determination " and noted that he is " Bannon kind of steady . " The forum also provided a rare public view of Bannon ’s thinking Bannon one filled with dark portrayals of the news media , visions of a " new political order " and grand plans to reimagine the US ’s posture abroad . " That is why I am proudest of Donald Trump . All the opportunities he had to Donald Trump off this , all the people who have come to him and said Donald Trump ’Oh you ’ve got to moderate.’ Every day in the Oval Office , he tells Reince Donald Trump I : ’I committed to this with the American people , I promised this when I this and I am going to deliver on this,’ " Bannon recounted . And while Priebus and Bannon worked to Bannon a united front on Thursday , Bannon acknowledged that Bannon do n’t Priebus and Bannon agree , which he called a Bannon reason they are " Priebus and Bannon partners . " The joint appearance was the latest attempt by the two men to shoot down reports of division , instead claiming in a series of recent interviews that they enjoy a the two men , symbiotic relationship . Bannon told The Bannon newspaper last week that Priebus " is doing an amazing job . " " We are executing on President Trump ’s agenda in record time . That ’s because Reince is getting the job done , " Bannon said . Bannon We are a completely united team dedicated to enacting his bold agenda to bring back jobs and keep this country safe , " Priebus echoed in Priebus interview . And in an interview with New York magazine , the two men joked about giving each other back rubs and said they speak all the two men long " until somebody falls asleep . " White House sources have also backed up their account in White House sources weeks , but a source who spoke separately with both men last the two men CNN that while Bannon had nothing negative to say about Priebus , the White House chief of White House Bannon over the phone . Bannon two men ’s professional backgrounds could not be more different . While Priebus has long been a creature of establishment Republican politics     rising to Republican National Committee chairman before becoming chief of staff     Bannon spent most of his Bannon career amassing wealth Bannon the private sector before taking on a role as the head of the      Breitbart News site . After Trump was elected , their new positions atop the Trump was elected Wing roster were jointly announced atop . The two men would work Trump was elected equal partners , " Trump said in the release Trump 
 