   Judd Apatow believes   Judd Apatow knows where all the hate for the upcoming    Ghostbusters reboot is coming from   —    namely , supporters of presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump . [ In an interview with Uproxx , the     Trainwreck director defended   Ghostbusters director Paul Feig and predicted the film would be successful despite the vocal backlash from " angry trolls . "   " I would assume there ’s a very large crossover of people who are doubtful   Ghostbusters will be great and people excited about the presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump candidacy . I would assume they are the exact same people , " Apatow told the outlet . " That movie is made by the great Paul Paul Feig stars the funniest people on Earth , so I could n’t be more excited . " The trailer for the new Ghostbusters film   —    directed by Feig and starring Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones   —    was uploaded to YouTube in early March and quickly became the    trailer in the    website ’s history . The trailer the   trailer in the   website’s history than 850 , 000 " thumbs down " on YouTube as YouTube Friday morning , compared with just 247 , 000 " thumbs up . " As Breitbart previously reported , the backlash against the film prompted a series of articles in    publications that accused critics of sexism and misogyny for disliking the trailer , the   trailer in the   website’s history themselves contend that the film simply does the film as funny as the 1984 original . " I think people have paid too much attention to just some angry trolls . And it will be judged on its own greatness , " it told Uproxx . " I do n’t think anything really matters the way you think it does . The movie it out , and it will be great , The movie people will just be happy to have it . " " It The movie not like anybody The movie cares about a couple of idiots who hold onto the idea that things never evolve , " he added . " I always think , you know , we have our past and if you we come up with a new , cool way to do something , then that ’s exciting and hopefully it will make a lot of people happy . " Apatow previously collaborated with Feig on the    90s television series Freaks and Geeks and on the 2011    sleeper hit Bridesmaids . Feig defended his upcoming film Feig an Feig with the New York Daily News in May , telling the outlet that " geek culture is home to some of the biggest a**holes I ’ve ever met in my life . " " I do n’t care what shape or size or color or anything they are , " Feig said of the updated Feig . " I live or die on what things are funny and whether or not people will be entertained by them , " he said not people    Follow Feig Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 