’’ ’The election of Donald Trump has had reverberations around corporate America.’ ’The president has a profound influence on the way companies do business and companies bottom line . corporate America.’ ’The president is also prone to mentioning specific companies in Tweets and campaign speeches , sending share prices up or down in the process.’ ’We used ’ " Scroll through below to see what senior executives at companies across various industries are saying about corporate America.’ ’The president stance on trade , taxes , and array of other issues . " " In response to a question asked at a   on February 16 about whether   would increase production in the US , Chuck Robbins , Cisco ’s CEO , said : " ’’ ’’ " During an earnings call on February 7 , ’ CFO , Chuck Stevens , commented on Trump ’s tax proposals . " ’’ " During an earnings call on January 31 ,   CEO was asked about the firm ’s position on President Trump Trump get prescription drug prices down . " ’’ ’ ’ ’During an earnings call on January 31 the chairman January 31 of   David Abney , defended Trump stance on trade:’ Trump The CEO and chairman of oil giant   John Watson , told investors dhat he was pleased with Trump ’ ’ ’During an earnings call on January 31 the chairman and CEO of  David Abney    agenda Trump " ’ ’ " During an earnings call on February 2 Mark Thompson , the president and CEO at New York Times Company , said the controversy surrounding the new administration was benefiting the firm ’s flagship publication . " ’During an earnings call on January 26 , the chairman and CEO of   commented on his role in the new the chairman and CEO of   and said the new administration would be a tailwind the new administration ’ ’Nick Akins of said his company will " prosper New York Times Company the new administration the chairman and CEO of   an earnings call on January 27.’ the new administration Rusckowski , the chairman , president and CEO of   told analysts during an earnings call on January 26 that Trump ’s tax proposals would be very beneficial for his firm . " ’ ’ " During an earnings call on Trump 15 , the New York division president of   David Greenbaum , said Trump will be good for New York ’s real estate market . Trump ’’ ’During an earnings call on February 10 an analyst asked Yum ! Brand CEO Greg Creed if his firm had " ’ ’ in any country so far . his firm ’The election of Donald Trump has had . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Trump 