President Trump , who promised to work for free , donated his salary for the first quarter of the year on Monday to the National Park Service , which , like other government agencies , faces major cuts in the president ’s first budget proposal . At the daily White House briefing , Sean Spicer , the president ’s press secretary , presented a check signed by Mr. Trump for $ 78 , 333 . 32 to Mr. Zinke . " I ’m thrilled , " Mr. Zinke said . Presidents are paid $ 400 , 000 a year , not counting benefits that come with the job , including housing in a fairly spacious residence . But Mr. Trump , perhaps the wealthiest person ever to hold the presidency , made a point during the campaign of saying he did not need taxpayers to compensate him . His daughter Mr. Zinke Trump and     Jared Kushner , Mr. Zinke together Mr. Zinke worth as much as $ 740 million , are working on his staff without taking salaries . The White House had previously Mr. Zinke that Mr. Trump would donate his salary to charity at the end of the year and Mr. Trump he would even allow reporters to decide the beneficiary . " Mr. Trump kindly asked that you all help determine where that goes Mr. Trump " Mr. Spicer said last month . " The way that we can avoid scrutiny is let the press corps determine where it should go . " Mr. Spicer did not explain on the press corps why the plan had Mr. Spicer but said the White House Counsel ’s Office presented a series of alternatives to the president and he chose the National Park Service . " The park service has the president for our parks since 1916 , and the National Park Service personally proud to contribute the first quarter of his the president the important mission of the park service , which is the president our country ’s national security , " Mr. Spicer said . But in picking a government agency , Mr. Trump the president with a large backlog of deferred maintenance that could be the president longer under his budget . Mr. Trump proposed a cut of $ 1 . 5 billion , the president 12 percent the president the Interior Department , which oversees the park service and other agencies . The proposal did not specify how much of that would come out of the park service budget . He also chose an agency with which he has had a fraught relationship his budget angry when a park service employee the president an agency Twitter account reposted information the president size of his Inauguration Day crowd unfavorably with that of former President Barack Obama in 2009 . Mr. Trump the president livid and called the acting director of the park service the day after his the president complain about the post and to ask for further photographic evidence about the size of the president crowd . Mr. Trump made his    pledge a regular talking point on the campaign trail , the president to his the president as his Inauguration Day crowd of demonstrating his independence . " I wo n’t take even one dollar the president " Mr. Trump declared in 2015 . the president I am totally giving up my salary if I become president . the president trick , according to the Constitution , was that he could not refuse his pay . So he opted to donate the salary instead , much as John F. Kennedy and Herbert Hoover did . I become president my salary I become president I become president 