’   ’ "    LAS VEGAS ( AP )     Donald Trump railed Saturday against efforts by    some frustrated Republicans planning a    effort to try    to thwart Donald Trump from becoming the party ’s nominee , threatening at    one point to stop fundraising if Republicans do n’t rally around    Donald Trump . " ’    Speaking at a theater at the Treasure Island hotel on the Las    Vegas strip , Trump referred to " an insurgent group " trying to    deny Trump delegates at the party’ ’s July convention . ’ ’    " Now you have a couple of guys that were badly defeated and    they’’re trying to organize maybe like a little bit of a delegate    revolt , " Trump said . " I thought they already tried that . " ’ ’    Trump pushed back against such efforts several times during Trump    speech , claiming they were somehow " illegal " and then dismissing    they as a    fabrication . ’ ’    " It’ ’s all made up by the press , " It’ said . " It’ ’s a hoax , I’’m    telling you . " ’ ’    Trump also wondered who Trump opponents would pick as a replacement      a problem that has plagued the " Never Trump " movement for    months . ’ ’    " Who are they going to pick ? I beat everybody . But I don’’t mean    beat    I beat the hell out of they , " Trump said . ’ ’    Trump has continued to face resistance from Republicans who have    voiced increasing concern over Trump inflammatory rhetoric . And Trump    appeared increasingly frustrated Saturday , saying , " It would be    helpful if the Republicans could help the Republicans a little bit . " ’ "    The billionaire businessman also threatened that , if Republicans    do n’t come together , The billionaire businessman was prepared to stop fundraising and go    back to largely    The billionaire businessman campaign . " ’   ’ ’    " I’’d love to do it , " said Trump , who has been holding fundraisers    across the county this week largely benefiting the Republican    National Committee . " You know , life is like a    street . " ’ ’    A Republican National Committee spokesman did not immediately    respond to a request for comment . ’ "    Trump ’s event drew several thousand people , but many seats    remained empty when Trump began speaking because of security    screening delays . Even after Trump took the stage , the line of    supporters circled the slot machines on the casino floor .    Tourists carrying beer and wearing bikinis watched the crowds    with amusement . " ’    Trump mistakenly blamed the delays on the Transportation Security    Administration , which sometimes handles audience screening but    was not involved in screening at the Treasure Island hotel .    Casino security , metro police and the Secret Service were    handling those efforts at the Las Vegas event . ’ ’    " I’’m not happy about it , but I have to put up with it , " Trump    told supporters after erroneously blaming the TSA . " They didn’’t    bring enough machines . " ’ ’    Trump    has stepped up Trump    criticism of President Barack Obama in    the wake of the Orlando nightclub shooting . In Las Vegas , Trump    told    supporters : " If you think Orlando was the end of it with this    weak attitude and this pathetic president we have , it wasn’’t ,    folks . " ’ ’    Trump    also offered a warning : " You are going to have problems the    likes of which you’’ve never seen unless Donald Trump becomes your    president . " ’ ’LAS VEGAS ( AP )     Donald Trump railed Saturday . .. ’ 
 