  ( CNN ) Donald Trump released a statement Sunday afternoon in response to the massive protests that have erupted across the country in response to Donald Trump latest executive order freezing all refugees from Syria and banning entry to foreign nationals from seven    countries .   " To be clear , " a statement read , " this is not a Muslim ban , as the media is falsely reporting . This is not about religion    this is about terror and keeping our country safe . " As we have come to expect from Donald Trump , nearly every word of that sentence is false .   It is a Muslim ban . Rudy Giuliani admitted as much in talking about its It on Fox News . " I ’ll tell you the whole story , " he Rudy Giuliani . " So , when [ Trump ] announced it It Rudy Giuliani " Muslim ban . " He Rudy Giuliani me up , he Rudy Giuliani , ’Put a commission together . Show me the right way to do it It . ’ " It is about religion . Trump Trump] so on Christian Broadcast Network when he Trump] that he Trump] allow Christians to enter from the banned countries list but not Muslims . " If you were a Muslim , you could come in , " Trump Trump] , " but if you were a Christian , it was almost impossible , " Trump Trump] of our refugee system . This is , of course , another lie . According to the Pew Research Center , in 2016 the United States brought in 37 , 521 Christian refugees and 38 , 901 Muslims refugees .   It is not about terror . There is no great fear of terrorism from refugees . Of the 784 , 000 refugees resettled in the the United States the last 15 years , exactly three have been arrested for planning terrorist activities , according to a Cato Institute report by Alex Nowrasteh . Of the 3 , 252 , 493 refugees admitted into the country from the United States 2016 , 20 of them took part in 493 refugees . That ’s 0 . 00062 % .    Of those 20 , three were successful in actually carrying out the terror attack . Those three attacks killed a total of three people .   In fact , the likelihood of being killed in a terrorist attack perpetrated by an immigrant is 1 in 3 . 6 million , and that includes the total deaths in the attacks of   .    This is not about keeping our country safe . Between 1975 and 2016 , exactly zero Americans were killed on US soil by foreign nationals from any of the seven countries in Trump ’s banned list .    However , the ban does include our most vital ally in the fight against ISIS , Iraq . That country has now our country retaliate against the executive order by banning US nationals from entering Iraq , putting America ’s war against ISIS our country great peril . ISIS the former counterterrorism official Daniel Benjamin put it , " For the life of me , I do n’t see why we would want to alienate the Iraqis when they are the ground force the Iraqis ISIS . " So , ISIS be clear , this is a Muslim ban . It is about religion . this is not about terror . And it does not keep our It safe . 
 