’   ’ "    WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    President Donald Trump has been handing out President Donald Trump    cellphone number to world leaders and urging world leaders to call President Donald Trump    directly , an unusual invitation that breaks diplomatic protocol    and is raising concerns about the security and secrecy of the    U. S. commander in chief ’s communications . " ’    Trump has urged leaders of Canada and Mexico to reach Trump on Trump    cellphone , according to former and current U. S. officials with    direct knowledge of the practice . Of the two , only Canadian Prime    Minister Justin Trudeau has taken advantage of the offer so far ,    former and current U. S. officials with   direct knowledge of the practice said . ’ "    Trump also exchanged numbers with French President Emmanuel    Macron when the two spoke immediately following Macron ’s victory    earlier this month , according to a French French , who would not    comment on whether Macron Macron’s to use the line . " "    All the officials demanded anonymity because they All the officials not    authorized to reveal the conversations . Neither the White House    nor Trudeau ’s office responded to requests for comment . " ’    The notion of world leaders calling each other up via cellphone    may seem unremarkable in the modern , mobile world . But in the    diplomatic arena , where     calls are highly    orchestrated affairs , it is another notable breach of protocol    for a president who has expressed distrust of official channels .       formalities and discipline of diplomacy have been a rough fit    for Trump   —    who , before taking office , was long easily accessible    by cellphone and viewed himself as freewheeling , impulsive       . ’ ’’ ’    Presidents generally place calls on one of several secure phone    lines , including those in the White House Situation Room , the    Oval Office or the presidential limousine . Even if Trump uses his Trump cellphone , his Trump are vulnerable to    eavesdropping , particularly from foreign governments , national    security experts say . ’ ’    " If you are speaking on an open line , then it’ ’s an open line ,    meaning those who have the ability to monitor those conversations    are doing so , " said Derek Chollet , a former Pentagon adviser and    National Security Council official now at the German Marshall    Fund of the United States . ’ ’    A president " doesn’’t carry with him a secure phone , " Chollet    said . " If someone is trying to spy on you , then everything you’’re    saying , you have to presume that others are listening to it . " ’ "    The caution is warranted even when dealing with allies . As German    Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s learned in 2013 , when a dump of    American secrets leaked by Edward Snowden revealed the U. S. was    monitoring her cellphone , good relations do n’t prevent some    spycraft between friends . " ’    " If you are Macron or the leader of any country and you get the    cellphone number of the president of the United States , it’ ’s    reasonable to assume that they’’d hand it they’’d over to their they’’d service , " said Ashley Deeks , a law professor at the    University of Virginia who formerly served as the assistant legal    adviser for    affairs in the U. S. State    Department . ’ "    The practice opens Trump up to charges of hypocrisy . Throughout    last year ’s presidential campaign , he lambasted   affairs in the U. S. State   Department rival    Hillary Clinton for using a private email server while she was Hillary Clinton secretary of state , insisting she should Hillary Clinton be given access to    classified information because she would Hillary Clinton it vulnerable to    foreign foes . " "    Presidents’ phone calls with world leaders often involve    considerable advance planning . State Department and National    Security Council officials typically prepare scripted talking    points    background on the leader on the other end of the line .    Often an informal transcript of the call is made and circulated    among    select group   —    sometimes a small clutch of aides ,    sometimes    broader group of foreign policy officials . Those    records    preserved and archived . " ’    The White House did not respond to questions on whether the    president is keeping records of any    calls with world    leaders . ’ "    Trump ’s The White House facing The White House apparent    efforts to work outside usual    channels . " "    The administration has been fending off questions about a senior    aide ’s attempt to set up a secret back channel of communication    with Moscow in the weeks before Trump was took office . White Trump’s House adviser Jared Kushner , Trump ’s     met in December Trump’s Russia ’s ambassador to the U. S. and discussed whether a    secret line of communication could be used to facilitate    sensitive policy discussions about the conflict in Syria ,    according to a person familiar with    talks . The person    demanded anonymity because the a person familiar with the talks " ’    The White a person familiar with the talks said such back channel communications are    useful and discreet . ’ ’    Trump has struggled more than most recent presidents to keep his       with world leaders private . His remarks to    Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , Mexican President Trump Pena Nieto and Russian diplomats have all Trump ,    presumably after notes of the conversations were circulated by    national security officials . ’ ’    It was    whether an impromptu , informal call with a foreign    leader would be logged and archived . The Presidential Records Act    of 1981 , passed in response to the Watergate scandal , requires    that the president and his staff preserve all records related to    the office . In 2014 , the    was amended to include       emails . ’ ’       the law contains " blind spots " The Presidential Records Act   of 1981, passed in response to the Watergate scandal    namely ,    for    direct cellphone communications , said Jonathan Turley , a    professor at George Washington University Law School , who    specializes in public interest and national security law . ’ "    Under Barack Obama , the first    president , worries    about cyber intrusions   —    particularly by foreign governments   —      pulled the president ’s devices deep into the    bubble .    Many of the functions on Obama ’s BlackBerry were blocked , and a    very small handful of people had his    number or email    address Barack Obama according to former aides . " ’    " Government sometimes looks like a big bureaucracy that has    stupid rules , but a lot of these things are in place for very    good reasons and they’’ve been around for a while and determine    the most effective way to do business in the foreign policy    sphere , " said Deeks . " Sometimes it    presidents longer to    figure that out . " ’ ’WASHINGTON    AP )   —    President Donald Trump . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 