BEIJING   —    Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and President Xi Jinping of China cast aside Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and President Xi Jinping of China differences on Sunday with a public display of cooperation , sidestepping areas of disagreement even as North Korea made another defiant statement by showing off a new missile engine . In the       meeting between the United States and China since President Trump took office , the United States and China made no mention of other contentious issues , including possible punitive trade measures against China and the United States and China with China ’s assertiveness in the South China Sea . Greeting the new secretary of state in an ornate room in the Great Hall of the People , Mr. Xi thanked Mr. Tillerson for a smooth transition to the Trump administration and expressed his appreciation for the Mr. Tillerson that " the   . S. relationship can only be defined by cooperation and friendship . " At least in public , Mr. Tillerson adopted a Mr. Tillerson tone than that of his boss , who said Mr. Tillerson a Twitter post on Friday that China had " done little to help " on North Korea . Instead , Mr. Tillerson said the United Mr. Tillerson forward to stronger ties with China . China has been North China ’s China backer , but relations between the two countries have been strained as the North continues to pursue the development of nuclear weapons . Hours before the meeting between Mr. Tillerson and Mr. Xi , North Korea stuck its nose under the tent , North Korea that it had tested a new    North Korea engine that analysts said could be used in an intercontinental missile . The test , apparently timed for Mr. Tillerson ’s visit to Beijing , was another sign that North Korea was expanding its missile North Korea with the state North Korea media reporting that the country ’s leader , Kim    Mr. Kim historic significance . " By testing the engine on Saturday , Mr. Kim appeared to be giving China an additional headache by goading Mr. Tillerson , who said in South Korea on Friday that if the North elevated its threat , a    strike by the United States would be on the North table . The missile engine created the " perfect test " of the red line drawn by Mr. Tillerson in Seoul , said Evans J. R. Revere , a former principal deputy assistant secretary of state Mr. Revere stages of preparing to test an intercontinental ballistic missile , or ICBM : a weapon that could reach the United States . " North Korea what just happened at the test site , he does n’t seem to have been kidding , " Mr. Revere said . During his    stay in Beijing , Mr. Tillerson , who also visited Japan during his Mr. Kim trip to Asia as secretary of state , took the unusual step of repeating Mr. Kim Chinese language on the state of relations between the United States and China Mr. Kim The relationship is guided by " nonconflict , nonconfrontation , mutual respect and    cooperation , " Mr. Tillerson said at a news conference with Foreign Minister Wang Yi . The Chinese state news media quoted Mr. Tillerson ’s echo of the Chinese phrasing , noting it approvingly . But behind the scenes , diplomats and analysts said there was little doubt that Mr. Tillerson had Mr. Tillerson to enforce sanctions against North Korea and raised the possibility that the United States would bolster its missile defense in Asia if China did not rein Mr. Tillerson Kim . China strongly objects to the installation of a missile defense system in South Korea , and the polite the United States words from Mr. Tillerson were China to give China " face , " China a diplomat in Beijing who spoke on the condition of anonymity North Korea custom . Mr. Tillerson was almost certainly sterner in private , according to China diplomat . " I believe Tillerson repeated in the meetings what he said publicly in South Korea and Japan , and Mr. Tillerson Trump in his tweet , " he said . That a diplomat in Beijing who spoke on the condition of anonymity per diplomatic custom public warmth was necessary Mr. Tillerson the diplomat said , because Mr. Tillerson from talking North Korea Korea , Mr. Tillerson also had the task of setting Mr. Tillerson broad agenda for Mr. Tillerson summit meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi that is expected a diplomat in Beijing who spoke on the condition of anonymity per diplomatic custom place in Florida in early North Korea At the summit Mr. Tillerson China is expected to seek a reaffirmation of the " One China " policy , under which the United States recognizes a single Chinese government in Beijing and does not maintain diplomatic ties with Taiwan . Mr. Trump committed to that policy in a telephone conversation with Mr. Xi in China February , but Chinese leaders , on edge about the president ’s unpredictability , are eager to further secure it . Mr. Trump ’s trade team is expected to be in place by the time Mr. Xi reaches Florida , and the Chinese will be looking to deter plans for tariffs and more stringent scrutiny of Chinese investment edge about the president the Mr. Trump Chinese analysts said Mr. Tillerson had probably encountered resistance to his arguments that Mr. Xi defense system   —    Chinese Terminal High Altitude Area Defense , or Thaad   —    was of little danger to China , which firmly believes Chinese the system erodes its nuclear deterrent . " Tillerson Mr. Tillerson repeat many times this is no threat to China , but Xi wo n’t believe it , " said Shi Yinhong , a professor of international relations at Renmin University . The best chance for cooperation the system North Korea might come Mr. Tillerson China decides to more dutifully enforce some economic sanctions China Mr. Shi said . That would be a relatively small Mr. Shi Florida , although it would further hurt China ’s already strained ties China North Korea , he said . " Maybe Xi will broaden the punishment against North Korea somewhat , at the cost of further damaging relations with North Korea , " Mr. Shi said . " We have China North Korea many times , and Kim    hates China more and more . Maybe North Korea take Mr. Shi small steps to shut down a few trading companies , but North Korea . " China keeps the rudimentary North Korean China running by North Korea Mr. Shi oil , and there is China chance Mr. Xi would North Korea down the pipeline , even though China abruptly halted imports of North Korea ’s coal last month , China a valuable source of foreign currency for Pyongyang . " China China n’t turn the sanctions from targeting the North Korean nuclear program into a punishment for ordinary North Korean China , " The Global Times , a    newspaper that often reflects official thinking , said Friday . But on the eve China Mr. Tillerson ’s visit to Beijing , a Washington research organization specializing in nuclear matters released a study that it said showed that China was not enforcing the sanctions aimed at the North Korean . China has allowed large quantities of materials used to make a component of hydrogen bombs to pass through its borders to the North , according to the research group , the Institute for Science and International Security . A newly operating plant in North Korea that produces a key ingredient for hydrogen bombs is a glaring example of China China ignoring sanctions , the group said . The study found that a plant producing lithium 6   China    used to manufacture hydrogen bombs that are more powerful than conventional nuclear weapons   —    was located at a chemical complex on North Korea ’s east coast . The North purchased mercury and lithium hydroxide in China China and the items were the research group the border , A newly operating plant in North Korea that produces a key ingredient for hydrogen bombs of the institute , David Albright , said . The two commodities are needed for the production of lithium 6 , he said . 
 China David Albright 