  ( CNN ) The Department of Homeland Security is considering a proposal to separate children from adults when children are trying to enter the country illegally at the southern border , a senior DHS official confirmed to CNN on Friday .   a senior DHS official said a proposal to separate children from adults when they are trying to enter the country illegally at the southern border, a senior DHS official confirmed to CNN on Friday is meant to deter the exploitation of children . " We are trying to find ways to deter the use of children in illegal immigration , " he said a senior DHS official " We are seeing kids essentially kidnapped and used to get here and stay . "   Currently , when adults enter the country accompanied by children , they are adults released into the US and able to stay in the country , pending disposition of their cases adults the official a senior DHS official The proposal would allow US immigration officials to separate children from the adults they came here US immigration officials . The adults could the adults they came here in detention , and the children could children elsewhere under protected status , possibly with family members already in the country or the country protective custody , such as child protective services . The official said a senior DHS official being exploited in multiple ways , citing parents taking them on dangerous journeys and smugglers and children claiming the children as their own in order to enter and the children in the United States . The official was unable a senior DHS official how agents at the border determine family relationships . " People are taking advantage of the system , " the official said , acknowledging a senior DHS official be perception issues with the proposal .    In a statement to CNN , DHS spokesman David Lapan said the agency " continually explores options that may discourage DHS even beginning the journey . " " The journey north is a dangerous one , with too the journey children     brought by parents , relatives or smugglers     are often exploited , abused or may even lose their lives , " Lapan said . No final decision has been relatives or smugglers     on DHS spokesman David Lapan proposal , which is still being worked on by staff , the official said .   Reuters first reported the proposal . If enacted , the policy would be at odds the proposal, which is still being worked on by staff pledge Trump made on the campaign trail in an August , 2015 , interview with NBC . At the time , he said , " We ’re going to keep the families together . the official have to keep the families together . . .. But they have We go . " the families , a former DOJ official in the families Obama administration , said the last administration considered , but ultimately rejected , the move .   " It was never implemented because the idea was that it was too detrimental to the move safety of the children to separate them from their parents , and the thinking was it was always preferable to the children the the children as a unit or release the family as the unit , " Fresco said . He said he knew the family holdovers at a unit who had been in favor of Fresco move Fresco said the change was more likely to occur because those people were now in a position to make it happen . Fresco also said the impetus for the change is the Flores v. Lynch court case , Fresco held that the government is the change release minors from detention expeditiously even if they are accompanied by their parents , not just if they ’re unaccompanied . The ruling created minors from detention for the government minors from detention detaining undocumented families who were minors from detention entrance to the US , he said . the government 