Donald Trump has named Steven K. Bannon Donald Trump senior counselor and chief strategist , and now the lies , smears , and defamation of Steven K. Bannon have begun . I know well how this process works . this process ’s evil . As the enemedia bombards us with claims that Steven K. Bannon is a white supremacist and an    I am , as a Jew and a proud Zionist , honored to stand up for Steven K. Bannon . [ I am fortunate to say that I have known and worked with Steve Steven K. Bannon since the tragic passing of Andrew Breitbart . While he was Steven K. Bannon Breitbart , Andrew Breitbart would Steven K. Bannon me to write articles on pressing issues   —    usually several times each week . Longtime readers who are deeply familiar with my work know that I am a fiercely proud Jew and unapologetic Zionist . As long as I have known Steve , he has Steven K. Bannon an unabashed supporter of Israel , and of those of us who fight against    and racism . Unequivocally .   He is Steven K. Bannon courageous    bold , and loyal . Now the    League ( ADL ) is claiming that he is the   League (ADL) ? What ? He partnered Steven K. Bannon Andrew Breitbart   —    a Jew . He partnered Steven K. Bannon Larry Solov , another Jew , after Breitbart died . He worked Steven K. Bannon me   —    a Jew . He gave Steven K. Bannon and fierce Zionists such as Aaron Klein a platform to speak and advance the cause of the Jewish people and the Jewish state . Breitbart Jerusalem was launched under Bannon ’s tenure with the Breitbart organization . The ADL haters’ attacks on Steve Bannon Bannon’s an Breitbart Jerusalem Jew . The ADL has ADL record of attacks on proud Jews and Zionists . The ADL has attacked ADL Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Joan Rivers , and even Israel itself . The ADL should be sued ADL . They raise money on the premise ADL they " fight antisemitism . " ADL the contrary , they fuel and align with the ADL ’s most vicious   . The ADL gave an award to ADL Recep Tayyip Erdogan , despite his long record of    statements . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan have crossed swords for years with this vicious leftist " Jewish " organization   —    starting with their refusal to recognize the Armenian genocide swords If a group claiming to represent the Jews fails to recognize the template , the mass slaughter that inspired Hitler , then we have failed to learn anything from history . In whitewashing the Armenian genocide , the ADL is the Armenian genocide the Islamic perpetrators . Meanwhile , the Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) claimed that Bannon was " the main driver behind Breitbart becoming a white    propaganda mill . " The SPLC is a    group that works furiously the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) dissent and impose a totalitarian straitjacket on the public discourse on these issues , only allowing voices that toe their propaganda line about Islam being a religion of peace and Muslims as the victims , rather than the perpetrators , of terrorism . The SPLC uses its hate group listings to demonize conservatives and anyone who The SPLC from its statist , authoritarian agenda . Its hate group list The SPLC so tendentious and politically motivated The SPLC the SPLC was removed from a government website ’s listing The SPLC on hate groups . The    wealth of the SPLC amounts to tens of millions of dollars , while The SPLC they target , the supporters of freedom , are meagerly financed by The   wealth of the SPLC Americans who want freedom preserved in this country . As for what Bannon ’s    said in their divorce papers , do n’t even go there . People are at their worst during a divorce . They will say anything and do People to get the kids , People money , the house , whatever . It is all wild mudslinging , and I accuse " journalists " such as Jake Tapper of committing defamation and libel in their rage over the fact that that quisling crook Hillary lost and defamation and libel big . I did a BBC interview Monday afternoon in Bannon ’s defense . It was supposed to be a Trump interview , but it was all Bannon , and the BBC was gunning for him . I Bannon’s apart   BBC it will be interesting BBC see what they run . The establishment media and establishment leftist organizations such as the SPLC them the ADL , as well as the DNC , are trying to do to Trump and Bannon what they successfully did to Allen West ’s chief of staff , Joyce Kaufman , Trump and Bannon after West was elected to Congress in 2010 : ignite a media firestorm that forces Allen West to change the personnel of his staff to suit his enemies . West blinked and fired Kaufman . Trump him hold firm . him has been Allen West the receiving end of the most vicious smears and libels Trump That ’s why my money is on him . He wo n’t take the bait . The good news is that Trump people Trump . The people know the enemedia and what their agenda is . It wo n’t the people Not anymore . Pamela Geller is the people President of the their agenda Freedom Defense Initiative ( AFDI ) publisher of PamelaGeller . com and author of The    Presidency : The Obama Administration ’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America : A Practical Guide to the Resistance . Follow her on Twitter here . America her on Facebook here . 
 A Practical Guide to the Resistance A Practical Guide to the Resistance 