With the race for the presidency entering the presidency last days , Donald J. Trump last Wednesday once again made Donald J. Trump pitch to black America : a new deal aimed just at black America . " I will be your greatest champion , " Donald J. Trump said at a campaign rally in the battleground state of North Carolina . " I will never ever take the    community for granted . Never , ever . " The hyperbolic remarks elicited the same collective eye roll among black Americans and white progressives that white progressives have since Donald J. Trump began regularly including black Americans in Donald J. Trump platform in August . It was then , following days of unrest in Milwaukee after the police killed a black man there , that Donald J. Trump flew to Wisconsin to give a speech on race . Donald J. Trump headed not to the heavily black city where the embers of outrage still smoldered but instead , as Donald J. Trump critics noted with glee , took the stage at the county fairgrounds of a    deeply conservative Milwaukee suburb in order to address the problems of the " inner city . " There was , of course , the usual and expected " law and order " and    rhetoric that elicited hoots and cheers from the crowd . But then Trump , as Trump is known to do , added an unexpected twist . " Our job is to make life more comfortable for the    parent who wants their kids to be able to safely walk the streets , ’’ Trump said . ‘ ‘ Or the senior citizen waiting for a bus , or the young child walking home from school . For every one violent protester , there are a hundred moms and dads and kids on the same city block who just want to be able to sleep safely at night . " Trump pointed out the high unemployment rate among black men in Milwaukee , the number of households run by single mothers who were living in poverty and the low     rates . " I am asking for the vote of every    citizen struggling in our country today who wants a different and much better future , " Trump told the crowd , which at times stood eerily silent . " It is time for our society to address some honest and very , very difficult truths . The Democratic Party has failed and betrayed the    community . " Trump went on to say that Hillary Clinton " panders and talks down to communities of color , " " seeing them only as votes , not as human beings worthy of a better future . " It was time , Trump proclaimed , that Democrats compete for black votes . There was something utterly surreal about that moment . Trump had spent months whipping up Trump supporters , focusing on other    minority groups whom Trump labeled rapists and terrorists , and now Trump was telling the nearly    crowd that if the nearly   crowd voted for Trump , Trump ’d use Trump power to help black residents in the inner cities by bringing jobs back and improving jobs wages . Trump ’s message did not seem to be directed at Trump’s audience ( recent research by professors at the universities of Chicago and Minnesota showed that white Trump’s supporters are less likely to support government programs if white Trump supporters think white Trump supporters will help black people ) . As one resident of West Bend , the approximately     town where the rally was held , put it to The Times : " They think we owe They something . I do n’t want to seem racist or anything , but the black heritage has been raised in a certain way that there ’s no incentive to get out and work , because all of a sudden you have five kids and there are no dads around . " Nor was it directed to black people , who of all the nonwhite voters are the least poachable by the G. O. P. The message was presumably targeted at white moderates , the independents and disillusioned Bernie Sanders legions , whom Trump was most likely hoping to reassure that Trump was not racist despite Trump years of fueling the birther conspiracy theory and months of spewing bigotry about Muslims and Mexicans . But in Trump speeches , Trump was speaking more directly about the particular struggles of    black Americans and describing how the government should help the government more than any presidential candidate in years . Let that uncomfortable truth sink in . Whatever Trump motives , Trump was talking about the black working class in a way that few national politicians do . By now it ’s no surprise that when they talk about black Americans as at all , Republican politicians typically conflate blackness with poverty , and then quickly blame black people for black people struggles . In March 2014 , Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said that the problems in the " inner cities " Trump was talking about were rooted not in the loss of manufacturing jobs and the flight of businesses and the tax base to    suburbs , but on an absence of a " culture of work . " Liberals quickly lambasted Paul Ryan for those remarks . But far too often , the way Democrats talk to , and about , black Americans is indistinguishable from the way black Americans Republican counterparts do . And President Obama has been as guilty as anyone . A year before Paul Ryan made Paul Ryan remarks , President Obama delivered a commencement address at the historically black Morehouse College , where Paul Ryan warned the graduates at the prestigious    school that the graduates should n’t use racism as an excuse , and to be good fathers . Politicians regularly deploy this type of shaming when referring to , or even when addressing , black Americans . But it ’s hard to fathom a politician , Democrat or Republican , standing before a predominately white crowd in a sagging old coal town , and blaming the community ’s economic woes on poor parenting or lack of work ethic or a victim mentality . Those Americans , white Americans , are worthy of government help . Those Americans, white Americans problems are not of Those Americans, white Americans own making , but systemic , institutional , out of Those Americans, white Americans control . Those Americans, white Americans are never blamed for Those Americans, white Americans lot in life . Those Americans, white Americans have had jobs snatched away by bad federal policy , Those Americans, white Americans opportunities stolen by inept politicians . It would have been easy , expected , for Trump in Trump speeches to recycle the same old    narrative for black voters . But Trump did n’t call for black people to stop lazing around and use a little more elbow grease on those bootstraps . Trump was pushing for more government   —      government   —    to help black folks prosper , a racially specific new deal that included investing in schools ,    jobs and black entrepreneurs . And in doing so , Trump , at least rhetorically , did something the Democrats and Republicans have largely failed to do   —    Trump took black citizens into the ranks of " hardworking Americans " worthy of the government ’s hand . To be clear , I am not arguing that the man who called for the execution of the    Central Park Five ( and who still insists on their guilt ) and who seeks nationwide implementation of the     program ruled unconstitutional in New York City , and who warns that voting in heavily black cities is rigged , is a racial progressive who will enact policies that will help black communities . Nor am I saying black voters should buy what Trump is selling . ( And black voters are n’t : A poll released last week by The New York Times    College of likely voters in Pennsylvania found that " no black respondent from Philadelphia supported Trump in the survey . ") What I am saying is that when Trump Trump Democratic governance has failed black people , when he Trump " the blacks " what they "the blacks" to lose , he Trump asking a poorly stated version of a question that many black Americans have long asked themselves many black Americans What dividends , exactly , has their many black Americans loyalty to the Democratic ticket paid them many black Americans By brushing Trump ’s criticism off as merely cynical or clueless rantings , we are missing an opportunity to have a real discussion of the failures of progressivism and Democratic leadership when it comes to black Americans . Trump Trump’s not wrong when he Trump’s that black Americans have suffered in a particular way in blue cities and blue states . ( Of course , they black Americans have suffered in a particular way in blue cities and blue states in red states as well . ) The most segregated cities have long been clustered above the    line and are Democratically run . Some of the most segregated schools in the country educate students in New York , Chicago , Boston , Philadelphia , Milwaukee . Efforts to integrate schools in these The most segregated cities met resistance from white progressives . Democrats did as much to usher in the era of mass incarceration as anyone else . And in these cities The most segregated cities their gaping income The most segregated cities , black communities shoulder a terrible burden of gun violence , high unemployment , substandard schools and poverty . Though black Americans these days consistently vote Democratic at higher margins than any other racial group , this was n’t always the case . Before 1948 , black voters were fairly evenly split between Republican and Democrats . Then President Harry S. Truman pushed a civil rights platform , and a majority of black voters swung Democratic , though a significant percentage still identified as Republican . That changed in the 1960s , when black voters moved en masse to The Democratic Party after Lyndon B. Johnson showed he was willing to lose Lyndon B. Johnson South in order to pass the most sweeping civil rights legislation since Reconstruction . Southern Democrats abandoned the party The Democratic Party Republicans , and Richard Nixon won the presidency in 1968 on a Southern strategy of stalling forward movement on civil rights . And the party of The Democratic Party considered anathema to black progress . In the intervening years , modern Democrats have been far more likely to support social programs that help the poor , who are disproportionately black , and to support civil rights policies . But since Johnson left office , Democrats have done little to Lyndon B. Johnson the systemic issues   —    housing and school segregation   —    that keep so many black Americans in economic distress and that make true equality elusive . At the federal level , despite the fact that the National Fair Housing Alliance estimates that black Americans experiences millions of incidents of housing discrimination every year , Democrats , like Republicans , have avoided strong enforcement of federal    laws that would allow black families to move to    areas . Both Democrats and Republicans have failed to pursue    policies that would ensure black children gain access to the good schools white kids attend . In the 1970s and ’80s , Trump battled    lawsuits , while Trump Clinton was noticeably quiet when Hillary Clinton , N. Y. a county that twice voted decidedly for Obama , fought a court order to President Obama its whitest towns , including Chappaqua , the     town N. Y. calls home . Instead of seeking aggressive    initiatives N. Y. Democrats too often have opted for a sort of    liberalism . If we work to strengthen unions ,    will trickle down to you . If we work to strengthen health care , that will trickle we to you . If we work to make all schools better you that will we down to you . After decades of Democratic loyalty , too many you Americans are still awaiting that trickle . While Republicans rarely make any effort to court black voters , Democrats do reach out to them . But Democratic politicians have also shown again and black voters that they will sacrifice the needs of their most loyal constituents Democratic politicians order to win larger political Democratic politicians . I will never forget how in February 2013 , President Obama flew to Chicago to give President Obama that touched on gun violence . Chicago spoke of the random shooting of Hadiya President Obama , a Chicago teenager who had performed at his inaugural events . " Chicago ’s no President Obama important ingredient for success , nothing that would be more important for us reducing violence than strong , stable families   —    which means we should do more to promote marriage and encourage fatherhood , " Obama told the predominantly black audience . But President Obama months earlier , when he gave a speech about the Newtown shooting President Obama he ’d said no such thing about fathers President Obama marriage , even though that violent act was carried out by a young white man from a broken home . Instead , he emphasized Congress ’s inability to pass gun President Obama . The message : Black killings are the black community ’s fault white killings are a failure of government . Trump , in turning the usual rhetoric on Trump head   —    claiming that black Trump are living in    hells and should therefore spurn the Democratic Party   —    The Democratic Party and white , into the uncomfortable position of arguing that things are n’t nearly as bad for black America as Trump would have us believe . In the weeks before Trump ’s alleged Trump improprieties overtook everything else , writers dashed off thousands Trump arguing that the " inner cities " are improving ( gentrification ! ) and the "inner cities" in the inner city but in suburban America too , and that there are lots of    black folks doing just fine , thank you . Writers pointed America that Trump was wrong when he said nearly half of    black children are poor when it ’s actually just Trump’s . If Trump Trump’s raised these statistics and said black people needed to simply work harder , these same people Trump be arguing that candidates needed to be talking about what they were going to do address the black people devastatingly high poverty and unemployment rates that black Americans experience . And they candidates have been right .   Most black Americans live neither in poverty nor in the inner city . And even those candidates us who do live in inner cities are n’t living in hell . the inner city that black Americans experience is stark . Black children are more segregated from white children now than at any point since the early ’70s . United States census data shows that a black    family is more likely to live in a poor neighborhood than a poor white family . The wealth gap between white and black families is the widest it has been in nearly three decades . This is true in cities and states run by Republicans . This is true in cities and states run by Democrats . Regardless of how you feel about Trump , on this one thing he is This : The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for Trump . The The Democratic Party —    Trump this is where Trump ’s rhetoric is just that , rhetoric   —    black people are n’t loyal Democrats because they do Trump any better . They are making an informed decision . As Theodore R. Johnson , an adjunct professor at Georgetown University ’s McCourt School loyal Democrats Public Policy and an expert on loyal Democrats voting behavior , points out in his research , black Americans are an electoral monolith out of necessity . Black people care about the environment and the economy and international issues , and they generally fall across the spectrum on a range of issues , just like all other human beings . But while the Democratic Party might be accused of Black people the racial status quo , The Democratic Party has a long track record of working to restrict the remedies available The Democratic Party and school integration and equal opportunities in employment and college admissions . And most critical , Republicans have passed laws that have made the hallmark of full citizenship   —    the right to vote   —    more difficult for black Americans . Since first securing the right to vote , black Americans have had to be    voters   —    and that single issue is basic citizenship rights . Maintaining black Americans will always and forever transcend any other issue . And black Americans Americans can never jump ship to a party they understand as trying to erode the    rights black citizens have basic citizenship rights secure . But it is also true that black Americans have not always been    voters , and they do n’t black Americans to remain so . If Democrats want to keep black voters , they need to work for those votes , because one day Republicans might wise up . Until then , voters Trump asks what the hell do black Americans have to lose ? Well , a Democrats want to keep black voters of a lot . 
 Trump’s 