CNN Money ’s " " Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel ended up with egg on Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel faces on Wednesday after Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel rated as " false " a    and proven Clinton Cash fact involving Hillary Clinton ’s State Dept . approving the transfer of 20 percent of U. S. uranium to the Russian government , as nine investors in the deal funneled $ 145 million to the Clinton Foundation .   Under the guise of " " Donald Trump ’s Wednesday speech , Alesci and Frankel purported to verify whether " Clinton ’s State Department approved the transfer of 20 % of America ’s uranium holdings to Russia while nine investors in the deal funneled $ 145 million to the Clinton Foundation . " Alesci ( pictured , right ) and Frankel ( left ) rate the claim as " false " and allege " there ’s no hard evidence of a quid pro quo . " The CNN Money " reporters " also conceded that " CNN several times has asked the Clinton Foundation to confirm whether the nine investors who benefited from the deal also contributed to the foundation the Clinton Foundation the foundation has the Clinton Foundation respond . " Why Alesci and Frankel could n’t confirm the $ 145 million in Clinton Foundation donations for the Clinton Foundation curious . Indeed Alesci and Frankel in a    front page story written over a year ago , the New York Times’ Pulitzer    investigative journalist Jo Becker and Mike McIntire verified the Clinton Cash uranium revelation in stunning detail , including charts and graphs laying out the flow of millions of dollars from the nine investors in the uranium deal who flowed $ 145 million to Hillary ’s family foundation . the Clinton Foundation appear unable to perform basic journalistic research , here are the names and amounts they are still waiting on the Clinton Foundation the names get back to them on : Alesci and Frankel claim there the names " no Alesci and Frankel a Frankel pro quo . " Naturally , they fail to note that the legal standard for conflicts Alesci and Frankel interest and corruption do not require a quid pro quo . Nor do they note that Hillary Clinton deleted and destroyed over 30 Alesci and Frankel 000 emails housed on her secret server —   the obvious location of any Hillary Clinton " smoking guns . " Still , the CNN Money " " correctly note that " the State Department was one of several agencies that needed to sign off on the transaction . " Indeed , the Committee on Foreign Investments in the United States ( CFIUS ) has nine members , one of which is the State Dept . Yet through willful ignorance or an unusual lack of journalistic curiosity , Alesci and Frankel did n’t think to ask the obvious : which of the eight other agency heads needed to approve the deal were receiving $ 145 million to their family ’s charity at the time of such a Alesci and Frankel decision ? And did Hillary Clinton ’s State Department report the glaring conflict of interest before granting its approval of handing over 20 percent of American uranium interest Putin ’s Russia ? Why did n’t Hillary Clinton recuse her agency from voting , knowing that her charity was Hillary Clinton $ 145 million from nine investors Hillary Clinton the deal ? Those questions apparently did not occur to Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel . Also , in addition to the $ 145 million being funneled to the Clinton Foundation before the CFIUS approval , why was a    bank bankrolling a $ 500 , 000 speech in Moscow for Bill Clinton while his wife led the Russian reset ? As even the Bill Clinton New Yorker magazine put it , " But there is a bigger question : Why was Bill Clinton taking any money from a bank linked to Bill Clinton while his wife was Secretary of State ? " Shockingly , CNN his wife Alesci and Frankel make no mention of the    $ 500 , 000 Clinton speaking payment . Nor did CNN ’s crack " " Bill Clinton that the Clinton Foundation received $ CNN . 35 million in hidden , undisclosed donations from Ian Telfer , the former head of the Russian government ’s uranium company —   another fact that multiple liberal news outlets have confirmed . Indeed , as Bloomberg , Washington Post , New Yorker , ABC News , New York Times , and myriad other Establishment media have all confirmed , Clinton Cash ’s most explosive revelations are accurate . Apparently , CNN ’s Cristina Alesci and Laurie Frankel are among the last to know . 
 