’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON   —    John Fiore booked a    flight at      the standard rate so John Fiore could see Donald Trump , the    first president John Fiore voted for who actually won the election since    Ronald Reagan , sworn in as the 45th president of the United    States Friday . ’ ’    Fiore , a Boston native , summed up John Fiore feelings about the      Trump presidency following John Fiore inaugural address in    two words : " I’’m psyched . " ’ "    Although the number of revelers    for     Trump ’s inaugural    festivities was dwarfed by the past two ceremonies , in addition    to the    Women ’s March on Saturday , supporters who    made the trek to see     Trump sworn into office were impressed with    Trump sworn into office performance , and stoked to see what comes next . " ’    Trump’ ’s roughly    populist " America First " address ,    which was dubbed by some   as " radical , " was deemed    " fantastic " by central Virginia Trump supporter Dovonna    Bevington , who made the short trek to the nation’ ’s capital . ’ ’    Tracy Dean , who was alongside Bevington , said the address was    " spot on " and " really showed his professionalism and how he’ ’s    going to lead our country . " ’ ’    The pair of women who backed the real estate magnate said they’’re    excited for his to put " our country back to work " and get " our    foundation back , " Bevington told Business Insider . ’ ’    And , pointing to the protests occurring elsewhere in Washington    as the inaugural ceremonies were ongoing , some of which had    turned violent , Dean said she Dean looking forward to Trump    " stopping all this nonsense violence going on up the street here    for no other reason than that they lost . " ’ ’    " That’ ’s the only reason , " she Dean . ’ ’    Bevington , who conceded that a personal disliking of Democratic    presidential nominee Hillary Clinton played a significant role in    her Dean up to Trump , said she Dean a fan of " his Democratic   presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of    America , " and added that Trump " picked a      good vice    president " in Mike Pence . ’ ’    Dean agreed , saying she Dean looking forward to seeing how the    country would be with Trump’ ’s " love for its the   country and its the   country people . " ’ ’    " The Americans , " she Dean . ’ ’    The selling point for her Dean Trump was that " straight up he’ ’s a    real person . " ’ ’    " Of course , he’ he’ a billionaire , " she he’ . We know that . But he    hasn’’t lived serving this country his he life having to mind    his he ’s and q’ ’s everywhere he q’ . And , he q’ to us We " ’ "    For Fiore , who said he q’ decades back as an independent    journalist on Capitol Hill for a brief time , he q’ most looking    forward to the relaxed regulations and lower taxes Trump has       . " ’       And I’’d like to see the way the military is going to take it to    the terrorists rather than wait for something to happen and then    hunt them the terrorists , " he    . " And I think that that is going to be a    refreshing change for the people . I actually think a lot of the    people protesting him are going to benefit more than me       Donald Trump . " ’ ’   ’ ’ called himself him " big believer in getting    stuff done , " and was sold on Trump   Donald Trump a doer years back when he him read " Art of the Deal . " ’ ’    An    as well as a college roommate of Fiore’ ’s tried       hold a " Trump intervention " with him An   as well as a college roommate of Fiore’ year prior to to the    inauguration , he An   as well as a college roommate of Fiore’ . ’ ’    " We want to talk you out of voting for Trump , "     recalled them voting for Trump him An   as well as a college roommate of Fiore’ " By the end of       conversation , I almost had them voting for Trump for Trump Trump We had a    good philosophical conversation . I wasn’’t into the ’’ lock her up ’’    stuff . I said , ’’ Look , Donald Trump someone who is going to get    things done . ’’ "   ’ ’    Namely , working across the aisle with Democrats is what Fiore    wants to see happen in that regard . ’ ’    And , he was Fiore    to those protesting Trump across Trump . ’ ’    " Back in the day , I mean , I’’m from Boston , I just thought Donald    Trump was Trump    New Yorker , " he said Trump " And it wasn’’t    until after I finished his book Trump I started to like him . Trump    never watched ’’ The Apprentice , ’’ " he said Trump later adding , " I can    understand    people protesting Trump . Trump Back in the old days , he    Trump    the wrong way because he’ ’s Donald Trump Trump ’s a he’    Yorker . But I actually think he’ ’s going he’ do well . " ’ 
 