’   ’ "    Democratic lawmakers and a handful of Republicans are praising    Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ’s decision to appoint    former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to    investigate any potential ties between President Donald Trump ’s    associates and Russia . " ’    Rosenstein   Wednesday evening , saying he    " ’ ’      " Bob a good first step to get to the bottom      of the many questions we have about Russian interference in our      election and possible ties to the president . Bob was a we      U. S. attorney , a great FBI director and there ’s no better      person who could be asked to perform this function . He is      respected , he is talented and he has the knowledge a fine     U. S. attorney, a great FBI director ability      to do a fine     U. S. attorney, a great FBI director right thing . a fine     U. S. attorney, a great FBI director    ’ ’      " A special counsel is very much needed in this situation and      Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein has done the right thing .      Former Director Mueller is exactly the right kind the right thing for this job . I now have significantly greater confidence that      the investigation will follow the facts wherever they lead . "    ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tGood move . Now let ’s get some answers .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWith Sessions and Rosenstein compromised , this was a necessary step forward .   ’ ’      " Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein from his tenure in      Baltimore , I think he made a solid choice in Mr. Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein , and I      commend him for Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein our country and justice system first .       I urge Mr. Mueller Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein follow the facts wherever they may      lead —   with integrity Mr. Mueller . "    ’ ’      " I commend the Deapartment of Justice for taking the      appropriate step of appointing a special counsel to investigate      the Russian government’ ’s efforts to interefere in the 2016      presidential election and any links to the Trump campaign . The      issue of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and      Russian officials is extremely serious and the American      people deserve answers . "    ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tSpecial counsel is the right move . But will Trump , Sessions give Mueller the resources , latitude he needs ? If past is prologue Trump watch out . ’t’t’ ’      " ’ Mueller    The move is a big win for   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    ’ ’      " Given the events of the past few months and the past few days      in particular , the appointment of Director Mueller as special      counsel is certainly appropriate .   The Deputy Attorney      General Mueller reflects the seriousness of the allegations      against President Trump and his associates —   and the degree to      which the public had lost confidence in the The Deputy Attorney     General’s      leadership of the Trump Administration on this matter . But let      me be clear : the appointment of special counsel does not      relieve Congress of its responsibility to conduct oversight of      the Trump Administration . I am disappointed that Congress      Congress taken precious few meaningful actions to the Trump Administration Trump ’s decision to fire Director Comey Congress of its responsibility to conduct oversight of     the Trump Administration      President ’s admission that he did so because he did not like      the Russia investigation , and reports that Trump tried to waive President Trump’s Director Comey off President Trump’s the investigation altogether .   I      continue to stand with President Trump’s colleagues on the House Judiciary and      Oversight the Russia investigation urging our chairmen to look into these      matters without delay "    ’ ’      " The appointment of former FBI Director and respected lawyer      Robert Mueller as special counsel for the Russia investigation      is a positive development and will provide some certainty for      the American people that the investigation will proceed fairly      and free of political influence . The Senate Select Committee on      Intelligence will continue the Russia investigation      investigation and to the      extent any deconfliction is required , we will engage with      Director Mueller and our The Senate Select Committee on     Intelligence is that he will engage      with the Committee as well . "    ’ ’Democratic lawmakers and a handful we . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 The Senate Select Committee on     Intelligence 