Washington ( CNN ) George Clooney is warning the world that it is better for international leaders to end the civil war raging in South Sudan now before it gets worse . George Clooney , an outspoken humanitarian and Democrat , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper Monday that people should not think of the    country , which forces aligned with    two leaders have been been engaged in retaliatory fighting in the years after    gained independence in 2011   as just " another corrupt government . "   " The reality is if South Sudan is a failed state , we ’ve seen what influences take over in a failed state , and South Sudan is a failed state ’s never good , " Clooney said . " And that ’s something we ’ll have to deal with for generations , if we do n’t deal with South Sudan is a failed state now . Now , South Sudan is a failed state ’s easy . South Sudan is a failed state ’ll be a lot harder in the years to come . " On Monday the organization Clooney    The Sentry , published a    investigation following the finances of South Sudan ’s top leaders , a report which Clooney called " explosive " . " We have these guys nailed , " Clooney told Tapper . " We realized that if you ca n’t really shame these guys then what you can do is follow the money and perhaps shame the people who are hiding it . the money The report found that despite a civil war which claimed tens of thousands of lives and displaced millions , the top leaders of South Sudan , including President Salva Kiir , his former vice president Riek Machar , and other top leaders have benefited off of the instability and violence . According to the investigation , leaders have amassed huge fortunes , with    foreign real estate , luxury cars , and lucrative commercial ventures , often with the assistance of international banks , lawyers , and arms brokers .   " The president , the deposed vice president , all the major generals in the army have suctioned that economy dry . They have all the major generals in the army the resources of the country , " John Prendergast ,    of The Sentry . " And they have all the major generals in the army able to divert that money for private use or to fund these deadly wars . " The world ’s youngest nation , South Sudan gained its independence South Sudan Sudan in 2011 , but within a few years had slid into a civil war between President Salva Kiir , an ethnic Dinka , and his    President Riek Machar , an ethnic Nuer . A peace agreement signed in 2015 between the two leaders calmed the violence . However clashes resumed on July 8 of this year , with around 300 people killed .    Nearly 122 , 000 refugees have fled South Sudan since this latest fighting , adding to the more than 2 . 5 million people who have been displaced since   2013 , according to the UN ’s refugee agency UNHCR . Both sides of the conflict have been accused atrocities , which include the use of rape as a weapon of war , attacks on civilians , and the recruitment of child soldiers .   South Sudan South Sudan agreed to the deployment of an additional 4 , 000 peacekeepers on behalf of the United Nations Security Council in August , adding to the 12 , 000 peacekeepers already stationed in the country . South Sudan that was n’t enough by itself . " It ’s government not just ’s government the peacekeepers are allowed the 12, 000 peacekeepers already stationed in the country though listen , every bit helps , " Clooney said . " It Clooney also the ’s government that they ’re given . And the 12, 000 peacekeepers already stationed in the country that ’s going to be a big deal . " The report suggests targeted sanctions , asset freezes , and increased monitoring from international financial institutions . ’Divided country’ The movie star , a Hillary Clinton supporter , also weighed in on the Democrat ’s campaign , dismissing a question about whether she should be running away Hillary Clinton the race .   " It ’s been a long time since races were n’t close . .. we ’re a very divided country , " he said . " That ’s too bad , I think . We ’re not a divided we . We all want the same things in life which is our families to be happy We all healthy and to be proud of our country , and so I hope somewhere along the way we stop being so divided we " And he said if Donald Trump he elected it would n’t affect his Donald Trump is elected around the globe Donald Trump is elected " No , I do n’t have concerns with that , " Clooney said , ticking off his international efforts . " Donald Trump is elected work continues no matter his work around the globe in charge . " The report suggests targeted sanctions , asset freezes , and increased monitoring from international financial institutions . 
 