Washington ( CNN ) Ohio Gov. John Kasich said Sunday that President Donald Trump likely learned a lesson from President Donald Trump failed attempt to pass the Republican health care bill and called the lack of bipartisan cooperation in Washington " pathetic . " " You can not have major changes in major programs affecting things like health care without including Democrats from the very beginning , " Kasich , a Republican , said in an interview with Dana Bash on CNN ’s " State of the Union . " Republicans have pledged to repeal and replace Obamacare since Obamacare became law in 2010 . But after several weeks of fraught debate and a lack of support from many within the GOP as well as the full Democratic caucus , Republican leaders pulled Republican leaders bill on Friday . Kasich said Kasich thinks Trump would learn something from the defeat and possibly move to work with Democrats on compromise legislation . " Look , Kasich ’s going to learn from this , but you ca n’t expect the executive to know everything , " Kasich said , adding that Kasich believes Trump ’s " instincts would have been to cut a deal and to bring the Democrats in . " After the bill was pulled on Friday , Trump gave brief remarks from the White House and blamed Democrats for the upset and said Obamacare would " explode . " On Sunday morning , Trump took to Twitter say " Democrats are smiling " because conservative groups sunk Trump preferred legislation . Trump ’s budget director , Mick Mulvaney , said Sunday Trump had " no idea " why Trump could n’t get the conservative House Freedom Caucus to support his preferred legislation . " Is the Republican Party capable of governing ? " Mulvaney Mick Mulvaney in an interview on NBC ’s " Meet the Press . " During negotiations on the his preferred legislation conservative lawmakers balked at tax credits in the legislation , which they viewed conservative lawmakers a form of entitlement , and ultimately sought to repeal Obamacare ’s entire insurance regulation infrastructure . In the face of the bill his preferred legislation the Trump administration is moving on from health care for the time being , even though the President promised to repeal and replace the law , Mulvaney said .   He added that the Mulvaney would get the Trump administration repealing Obamacare " when it breaks , " which the Trump administration insisted was inevitable . Mulvaney " We ’ve moved on to other things , " Mulvaney said . The report Mulvaney the GOP bill from the Congressional Budget Office as well as an assessment from SP , a financial service and analysis company , have said Obamacare was not imploding . Left , right and center , Seizing the moment in the wake of the GOP failure , Vermont Sen. GOP Sanders has announced his intention to submit a Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders establishing a    health care system , in which the government pays the costs of coverage , which he has long advocated . Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders would be extremely unlikely to consider the legislation . The progressive a bill establishing a   health care system, in which the government pays the costs of coverage, which he has long advocated who caucuses with the Democrats , said in a separate interview on CNN ’s " State of the Union " on Sunday that the country needed to " guarantee health care to all people as a right . " He also called the price Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders prescription drugs in the US an " absurdity " and called on the President to work with him to lower the cost Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders medicine . " President Trump , come on board . Let ’s work together , " Sanders said . For his Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , Kasich called Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders a centrist approach , saying those with extreme views on both sides of the aisle needed to be " marginalized " and that many Democrats would work with Republicans given the chance . Without bipartisan    " What you pass will never be sustainable , " he said .   Kasich Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders Medicaid within his state Kasich Obamacare , one Kasich several Republican governors to do so . He opposed the GOP bill and Kasich its approach to Medicaid as one the GOP bill he was Medicaid behind it . Kasich , who campaigned the GOP bill Trump in the Republican primary and refused to support him in the general election , Kasich he did n’t agree with the Kasich that Trump was n’t invested enough in Trump policy details of the bill to be an effective the GOP bill it . " The President ’s not the GOP bill to be crossing all the T ’s and dotting all the I ’s , " Kasich said . Since his losing presidential campaign , Kasich has The President up his public profile Kasich , doing national The President , maintaining a political organization and working on a book . When asked if these activities were a leadup to a potential run again in 2020 , Kasich said , " No . " Kasich I ’m not really interested in running for political office again , " Kasich said . " You do n’t Kasich the door on anything , but I do n’t have my eyes on that . " 
 