Washington ( CNN ) The FBI released Friday nearly 200 pages of notes from The FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton ’s private email server , just three days before Hillary Clinton’s squares off against Donald Trump in the first presidential debate . The notes , taken from interviews of top Hillary Clinton’s aides , supporters and others , include details of how a close Hillary Clinton’s confidant explained how the State Department made sure the White House system would not bounce back the emails from the    of state .   But the documents     a summary of which had already been released in the overall FBI report     provide little in the way of major bombshells . Politically , however , Friday ’s release helps keep the issue relevant before the debate . Friday’s release also comes hours after news that top Clinton aide Cheryl Mills had obtained a limited immunity deal from FBI in order to cooperate with its FBI . In one exchange , an unidentified interviewee details alleged efforts by a top State Department official , Patrick Kennedy , to argue during the release of the Clinton emails Clinton classifications that would protect her . Clinton Kennedy , Patrick Kennedy his own Patrick Kennedy , denied the charge . Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin , in her interview Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin how they had to update email addresses with the White House so Clinton could Clinton President Barack Obama because the President could only receive emails from approved addresses . If her email was Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin on an approved list , which was managed by the President ’s the President White House the White House it . When Abedin was shown a the White House server email exchange , she did not Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin the pseudonym     when agents explained it was Obama , she replied , Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin How is this not classified ? " There is no evidence Obama knew that Clinton was using a Obama email server at the time . He has said he only found out Clinton her use Clinton Top Clinton aide Huma Abedin when it became public . Many of those it communicated with Clinton have told the FBI they did Clinton realize she was using the FBI private server , Clinton often one may not realize what email address is behind a name unless one clicks on it . Agents also interviewed " Guccifer what email address     the hacker who targeted the Bush family     who detailed his successful infiltration of close Clinton friend Sidney Blumenthal ’s email account Clinton reviewed 30 , 000 emails and downloaded 25 attachments . Guccifer also detailed taking a screenshot of "Guccifer"     Blumenthal exchange regarding the Benghazi attacks . FBI releases Hillary Clinton email report , In other interviews released Friday evening , Clinton aides seemed generally unconcerned about her Clinton of a private email server Clinton said she adhered to standard security measures     Clinton they have made extensively in public . But one IT worker took a somewhat cavalier attitude , joking in one interview that a new    retention policy was a " Hillary coverup operation "     which sparked the Trump campaign ’s anger . " The fact an IT staffer maintaining Clinton ’s secret server called a new retention policy designed to delete emails after 60 days a ’Hillary coverup operation’ suggests there was a concerted effort to systematically destroy potentially incriminating information , " Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement . " It ’s no wonder that at least five individuals tied to the email scandal , including Clinton ’s top State Department aide and Clinton Cheryl Mills , secured immunity deals from the Obama Justice Department to avoid prosecution . "   The latest revelations in the Clinton email scandal are certain to the email scandal in Trump ’s line of attack Monday , when the two meet for their first presidential debate in New York . Trump has built his " Crooked Hillary " line of Trump off arguments Trump from her emails . The additional notes were released three weeks Crooked Hillary the FBI released its report from its investigation of Clinton and her emails the FBI as well the FBI the notes from Clinton Crooked Hillary own    interview with federal agents .   Clinton , in her interview , said she did not Clinton about key Clinton retention policies and Clinton she was violating rules . But on the trail , Clinton campaign and supporters have routinely said she did not Clinton any laws with her email handling Clinton No criminal charges , FBI Director Clinton Comey in July took the unprecedented step of announcing in a press conference the FBI ’s conclusion that there was not enough evidence FBI FBI criminal prosecution , before handing over his findings to the Justice Department . The DOJ followed that Comey and decided no prosecution was merited the Justice Department Comey testified about the decision before Congress , members requested access to his agency ’s report . Last month , the bureau gave Comey of Congress access to the notes , as well as notes from interviews Congress other Clinton staff and aides , but kept that version of the report classified . Comey testified that no transcript of the interview his agency’s report Comey notes taken on it . Clinton was not under oath . 
 Clinton no transcript of the interview exists 