Conservative leader and Founder of the Eagle Forum Phyllis Schlafly said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is a candidate that will give conservatives " a choice not an echo " during Trump ’s campaign rally in St. Louis , Missouri at the Peabody Opera House on Friday afternoon . [ " I want you to meet GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , " Phyllis Schlafly told the crowd full of Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . " I had the chance to meet with him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump couple minutes ago and I asked him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump stand by the Republican platform because we have the best conservative platform we we ever had . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump it the best conservative platform we’ve ever had He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump stand by it the best conservative platform we’ve ever had He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump a real conservative and I ask you to support him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump "   Schlafly also told the crowd that she Schlafly confident Trump will appoint conservative Supreme Court justices like Justice Scalia . " I think he Justice Scalia the courage and the energy   —    you know you have to have energy for that job   —    in order to bring some changes and to do what the grassroots want him Justice Scalia do , because this is a grass roots uprising . We ’ve been following the losers for so long . " " This is a great , great lady , " Trump said about Schlafly after taking the stage . Trump Trump last nights GOP primary debate in Miami , Florida , saying , " They GOP primary debate in Miami, Florida getting ratings on these debates . " " I wanted to act very presidential last night , " Trump Trump about his Trump . He Trump in the past a presidential debate was a " ratings graveyard " for news networks . " They GOP primary debate in Miami, Florida to do it for themselves GOP primary debate in Miami, Florida They GOP primary debate in Miami, Florida n’t want to do it it us , " Trump Trump , adding that a network called him Trump said they GOP primary debate in Miami, Florida to have two more debates . The real estate mogul said he The real estate mogul to put the two more debates but added , " I guess it ’s The real estate mogul very helpful , " since he is The real estate mogul in the polls . Trump Trump on recent incidents about protesters and violence at his Trump rallies . He Trump there is " a lot of enthusiasm " at the rallies his campaign rallies his Trump are " not angry people . " " But , we do get angry when we see the we with which our country is run , " he Trump . " These are trouble makers , " Trump Trump about the protesters , several of which interrupted the rally . " They realize there These no consequences to protesting . " " Our country has our country toughen up , folks , " he Trump . " These people are bringing us down . " " There has to be some law and order , " Trump Trump . " The divisiveness is incredible . " " We ’re going to end it , " Trump The divisiveness . " I ’d love to meet those people for ten minutes   …      what do we want ? We We homes , We want education , We Trump Trump , adding , also wanting borders , a strong military , and jobs . " They ca n’t want anything more . " Trump Trump on to criticizing the Democratic Party ’s frontrunner Hillary Clinton . " Did you ever notice the way she Trump so nice now ? Ever notice , ‘ Oh yes , the president is right about this , right about that,’ " Trump Trump . " You know , she Trump never that way to him Trump She Trump liked him Trump he Trump liked her Trump then now all of a sudden everything he Trump doing is fine . " " He Trump things about Bill   …      and Bill has never forgotten Bill   and then all of a sudden she Trump saying he is the greatest Bill   that ever happened , " Trump Trump about President Obama . " She Trump becoming him , " Trump Bill   his supporters , saying Bill   ’s how he Trump win . " We ’re not going to let it happen . " Trump Trump moved to criticizing his Trump Ohio Gov. John Kasich ahead of the Ohio primary on Tuesday . " The governor , and I like him Trump but he Trump in favor of the Trans Pacific Partnership , the TPP . It ’s a disaster , " Trump Trump about Kasich . " I John Kasich a free trader   …      but it ’s got to It reasonable . It ’s got to It fair . " Trump Trump mentioned Obamacare . " Kasich , in Ohio John Kasich brought Obamacare to Ohio . Obamacare ’s Ohio disaster It " he Trump saying people are very unhappy with it . 
 a disaster 