  ( CNN ) Like most successful candidates , President Donald Trump ’s rhetoric from the campaign trail now runs up awkwardly against the often dense and arcane language that fills more formal executive actions and memos .   The " impenetrable , physical , tall , powerful , beautiful southern border wall " President Donald Trump pledged to build on the Mexican border has been reduced , on White House stationery , to a " physical wall on the Mexican border . " President Donald Trump has kicked off President Donald Trump administration with a slew of aggressive actions , but it might be hard to tell from the reading . Here are a few examples of campaign technicolor translated into the black and white of legalistic , government documentation : 1 . In February 2016 , President Donald Trump made this promise to a voter in New Hampshire . " Obamacare is a disaster and we ’re going to repeal it and Obamacare ’re we to replace it with Obamacare great . " As the administration and congressional Republicans now grapple with doing just that , Trump on his first day in office issued an executive order directing federal agencies to back off enforcing the law ’s mandate . Here ’s what it said : Sec . 2 .   To the maximum extent permitted by law , the Secretary of Health and Human Services ( Secretary ) and the heads of all other executive departments and agencies ( agencies ) with authorities and responsibilities under the Act shall exercise all authority and discretion available to them to all other executive departments and agencies (agencies) , defer , grant exemptions from , or delay the implementation of any provision or requirement of the Act that would impose a fiscal burden on any State or a cost , fee , tax , penalty , or regulatory burden on individuals , families , healthcare providers , health insurers , patients , recipients of healthcare services , purchasers of health insurance , or makers of medical devices , products , or medications . 2 . The construction of a wall     " not a fence "     on the    border was a cornerstone of the Trump presidential bid . Appealing to voters , he led chants of " build the wall " and described the coming barrier like this during first rally : " I will build a great wall     and nobody builds walls better than me , he me     and I ’ll build them very inexpensively . I will build a great , great wall on our southern border , and I will make Mexico pay for that wall a great wall     my words . " In the executive order Trump signed on Wednesday , he delivered the Mark , rather soberer instructions to the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security :   ( a )   In accordance with existing law , including the Secure Fence Act and IIRIRA , take all appropriate steps to immediately plan , design , and construct a physical wall along the southern border , using appropriate materials and technology to most effectively achieve complete operational control of the southern border the southern border   Identify and , to the extent permitted by law , allocate all sources of Federal funds for the planning , designing , and constructing of a physical wall along the southern border ( c )   Project and develop    funding requirements for the wall , including preparing Congressional budget requests for the current and upcoming fiscal years and ( d )   Produce a comprehensive study of the security of the southern border , to the southern border 180 days of this order , that shall include the current state of southern border security , all geophysical and topographical aspects of the southern border , the availability of the southern border resources necessary to achieve complete operational control of the southern border , and a strategy to obtain the southern border operational control of the southern border . 3 . Trump has also issued an the southern border at sanctuary cities . Back in September 2015 , he told a rally in Dallas : " We have to end this Trump cities crap . " Later in the campaign , he made sanctuary cities " Block funding for sanctuary cities . We Trump the funding . No more funds . We will end the sanctuary cities that have this declaration: "Block funding for sanctuary cities so many needless deaths . Cities We refuse to cooperate with federal authorities will not receive taxpayer dollars , and we will work with Congress to pass legislation to protect those jurisdictions that do assist federal We . " And this is what it looked like on paper this week : Sec . 2 .   Policy .   It is the policy of the executive branch to:(a )   Ensure the faithful execution of the immigration laws of the United States , including the INA , against all removable aliens , consistent with Article II , Section 3 of the United States Constitution and section 3331 of title 5 , United States Code ( b )   Make use of all available systems and resources to ensure the efficient and faithful execution of the immigration laws of the United States ( c )   Ensure that jurisdictions that fail to comply with applicable the United States not receive Federal funds , except as mandated by law ( d )   Ensure that aliens ordered removed from the United States are promptly removed and ( e )   Support victims , and the families of the United States crimes committed by removable aliens .   Here ’s how his opposition to the deal sounded on the stump , at a rally in St. Clairsville , Ohio , in June 2016 : " The    Partnership is another disaster done and pushed by special interests who want to rape our country     just a continuing rape of our country . "   And this is what the formal departure looked like in a presidential memorandum from January 23 . This , after a preamble on the importance of trade and American jobs :   Based on these principles , and by the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America , I hereby direct you to withdraw the United States as a signatory to the    Partnership ( TPP ) to permanently withdraw the United States from TPP negotiations , and to begin pursuing , wherever possible , bilateral trade negotiations to promote American industry , protect American workers , and raise American wages . 5 . The Keystone XL pipeline , which would deliver more than 800 , 000 barrels of petroleum daily from the Canadian oil sands to refineries on the US Gulf Coast , was blocked by the Obama administration in 2015 . Trump did not agree with that decision and made it a bone of contention during the campaign . Here ’s what he said last January in Iowa : " that decision they do the Keystone Pipeline     I want it approved , Trump want all those jobs     I like a lot of oil flow , because right now the Keystone Pipeline     ’re low . "   And here ’s what the announcement that Trump would    the process looked like in a presidential memo issued this week :   Sec . 2 . Trump an Application . I hereby invite TransCanada Keystone Pipeline , L. P. ( TransCanada ) to promptly    its application to the Department of State for a Presidential permit for the construction and operation of the Keystone XL Pipeline , TransCanada Keystone Pipeline, L. P. (TransCanada) major pipeline for the importation of petroleum from Canada to the United States . 
 