On Wednesday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook dodged questions about Clinton Syria policy , which prompted members of the panel to say , " we the panel be tiptoeing into Gary Johnson territory here , " and ask , " you ca n’t lay out your plan , how can you convince voters that Hillary Clinton the better choice , Robby ? " And " why do we have the panel here ? "   Mook was Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook by    Willie Geist , " Hillary Clinton Clinton of State when this crisis began . What ’s her biggest regret Clinton the way Syria ’s been handled ? " He answered ,   Willie Geist Well , I   —    obviously she ’s been Clinton of office for some time now .    …      I think she ’s well Clinton for her leadership as Clinton of State . She came out Clinton that office with office % approval rating . She , in Clinton to Donald Trump has released a clear and decisive plan to defeat ISIS . Donald Trump has said Donald Trump thinks he knows more Donald Trump it Donald Trump the generals and refuses to tell us what his secret plan is . Donald Trump Geist responded , " I understand , Robby . What about in Syria , though ? She supported the Clinton of the red line . Obviously , she was out Clinton her office when Clinton used chemical weapons . Was it a mistake to draw the red line if the the red line willing to go   —    to do something about it when it was crossed ? " Mook stated it " Well , as you pointed out , the decision regarding that was made after she was out of office so , Mook think you ’d have to ask President Obama . " followed up , " Was she disappointed that the president did n’t Mook when the President Obama crossed ? " Mook said , " I think you Mook have to ask her about that question , how she Mook characterize it . " Geist Mook asked , " that question , you ’re here to speak for her , Robby . So , you Mook n’t discussed that all ? " Mook responded , " She   — Mook look , I Mook —    what matters is what she is going to do as president Mook And as I said , she has a clear plan to defeat Mook . Donald Trump does not . It ’s a secret . He wo n’t a clear plan to defeat ISIS anybody what it is Donald Trump he says he knows more than the generals Donald Trump I Donald Trump the choice for voters is clear . " Mook was then asked by Geist , Mook So , day one in office then , Robby , what does she do in regards to Syria ? Mook He stated , " Well , first of Donald Trump , she needs to   —    she Mook said that she will work Mook our allies to Mook their safe harbor in Syria and Iraq . our allies will harden our Syria here at Mook , and she our dismantle their network around the Mook , and a our defenses of that ’s going to happen in the   —    in cyberspace , and through digital communications . So , you can go on our website and read the full plan there our " Columnist Mike Barnicle then asked , " So , Robby , we do realize that you are not secretary our state , but in the debate , next Monday evening , how would Secretary Clinton respond to somewhat of a version of the following question : We ’ve had a relief convoy bombed , our a war crime , leading into Aleppo . What would you do , Secretary Clinton , about providing food , water Secretary Clinton medicine to the citizens of eastern Aleppo today , right now , differently than what the Obama administration is doing ? What would she do differently ? " Mook responded , " Secretary Clinton   —    again , I think you ’re going to have to ask her that question . That ’s a matter of Secretary Clinton . I ’m going to leave it for her to determine that . "    former Republican Secretary Clinton Joe Scarborough then stated , " [ W]e love you , buddy , but what are you here for , if you ca n’t answer basic questions ?    …      I mean , we ’re   —    we may be tiptoeing into Gary Johnson territory here we if you do n’t know the answer to that basic of a question , what is the response to Aleppo , then why do we have you here ? " Mook stated , we I think   —    look , you ’re asking new policy questions . You would have to ask the secretary . " Scarborough responded , " New ? Aleppo ’s been around for   —    Syria Aleppo been around for some time . The red line being drawn ’s been around for some time . I ’m not being difficult here at all , these are basic questions . " Mook answered , " And I ’m not being Mook either . I ’m simply ’m that she has laid out a ’m to defeat ISIS Mook and if there are new questions pertaining to Aleppo , I ’m going to need to let Aleppo answer those ’m and she will answer those Mook in the debate , Mook we look those to her having the opportunity to do that . And Mook I said , Donald Trump has been able   —    unable , rather , to release a plan , and we hope that he will reveal what his plans are in the Donald Trump . " After Donald Trump discussion switched gears the debate economy , Geist asked Mook , " [ O]ne aspect of the Syria policy for Secretary Clinton we do know is that she has supported    zones in the country . Is Secretary Clinton still her belief that    zones are a good idea ? Secretary Clinton Mook answered , " I ’m going to let her statements speak for themselves . " Geist countered , Secretary Clinton Robby , are her statements you here representing her point of view ? " Mook said , " Secretary Clinton am , indeed , and Mook ’m going to let her language speak for itself . " Geist then told Secretary Clinton , " Well her language you ’ve Geist saying that Mook Trump wo n’t tell us what the policy is , but here you are not telling us what the policy is . " Mook countered , us [ the policy quoting Secretary Clinton Mook plans as she ’s laid them out . I ’m going to let Clinton speak for themselves . Donald Trump has not laid out them single plan them Donald Trump Foreign Correspondent Katy Tur then asked , " But if Donald Trump does n’t have a plan , as you ’re Donald Trump does n’t , and I ’ve been on the campaign trail Donald Trump him , and you ca n’t lay out your plan , how Donald Trump you convince voters that Hillary Clinton is the a single plan , Robby ? " Mook answered , " [ A]gain , you all are quoting Secretary Clinton . She is out there speaking about these issues . I ’m Hillary Clinton let her Mook speak for themselves . The problem is , Donald Trump has n’t spoken Mook any of voters . He says he knows more about ISIS than the generals , and I think that Donald Trump be Donald Trump . " Scarborough ended the interview by saying , " My first question I think was the   —    probably the best , which was about Brangelina . We can get an answer on that . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 