’’ ’The pledge that Republican candidates signed early in the presidential primary season , promising to support the eventual nominee if Republican candidates signed early in the presidential primary season lose , looks increasingly likes a suicide pact.’ ’The three remaining candidates for the   who are not named Donald Trump have inched up to the line suggesting that the mercurial billionaire is so wildly unsuited to be president that three remaining candidates for the  who are not named Donald Trump would not support the mercurial billionaire in a general election.’ ’But so far , none has been willing to step over . Instead , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich have all condemned Trump ’s inflammatory rhetoric and the violence on display at Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich rallies . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’ve called on Trump’s dial back Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich language and said that Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich call for supporters to pledge allegiance to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich with a gesture reminiscent of the Nazi salute is " troubling . " ’ ’But over the weekend , even as stories of violence between protesters and Trump Trump’s were everywhere , even as Trump Trump’s he Trump’s considering paying the legal costs of a supporter who assaulted a protester , all three stuck to their even as stories of violence between protesters and Trump supporters   —    reiterated in the most recent GOP debate last week   —    that they even as stories of violence between protesters and Trump supporters reluctantly support the billionaire against whomever the Democrats nominate.’ ’Cruz , speaking to reporters on Monday , reiterated that he Trump’s support Trump in the general election , though he Trump’s it he would support Trump in the general election saying , " I can give you one example where I would no longer support Donald Trump If for example , he Trump’s to go out on 5th Avenue and shoot somebody , I would not be willing to support Donald Trump Trump ’ ’Cruz was referring to Trump ’s own Trump he could kill someone ’Cruz broad daylight and suffer no consequences among his supporters . But ’Cruz tacitly admits that the race baiting and demagoguery on display at Trump rallies is not Trump in Cruz ’s opinion , a disqualification for the presidency.’ ’Rubio , over the weekend , delivered   of Trump and his campaign Trump but Trump , " I still , at this moment , continue to intend to support the Republican nominee , " he said . " Trump its getting harder every day . " ’ ’’ ’Kasich , likewise , condemned Trump ’s rhetoric . " There is no place for a national leader to prey on the fears of people who live in our great country , " he said . He a national leader Trump of a national leader " Trump’s toxic environment that has allowed his supporters and those a national leader sometimes seek confrontation to come together in violence . " ’ ’But , asked if he would support Trump a national leader , he Trump of only , a national leader It makes it extremely difficult . " ’ ’The irony here is that the pledge was originally meant to handcuff Trump , because the Trump of was concerned about him bolting and taking a national leader followers with him a national leader Now , a national leader ’s forcing Cruz the party Rubio , and Kasich to preemptively endorse the potential candidacy of a man who is demonstrably fomenting violence and condoning bigotry , even as he claims to want a national leader and inclusion.’ ’They are doing it in part because ’They pledging not to support Trump would play into his narrative of persecution Trump the GOP establishment , and would eat into the support any of his rivals might hope a national leader get from Trump voters in a Trump election.’ ’But even before they got to a general election , they would have to they with Trump ’s attacks on Trump betrayers.’ ’’ ’The they attack ads basically write Trump . Any candidate who Trump attack ads that he would refuse to support Trump Trump in the general Trump be painted as not only a hypocrite who broke his pledge , but as fundamentally Trump to the Republican Party . ( And if you think for a minute that Trump would n’t use that line Trump attack even though he has repeatedly threatened to break Trump pledge himself , well , his pledge been paying attention . ) ’ ’Of course , the Democratic attack ads for the general election write themselves , the general election three of the remaining candidates the Democratic attack ads for the general election stuck around , presumably , because they feel they still have a chance to be the the remaining candidates nominee the remaining candidates But there are , no doubt , already Democratic consultants preparing advertisements along the lines of , " Even as Trump was publicly endorsed by a former leader of the KKK , Candidate X said he would support him as the Republican nominee . " Candidate X ’At this Candidate X , even a    repudiation of Trump combined with a pledge not to support him in Trump general election would be too late to Candidate X a    candidate those advertisements . The wording would just be adjusted to demonstrate how late they were in fully denouncing him.’ ’The pledge that Republican those advertisements signed . .. ’ 
 