This week on ABC ’s News’ podcast"Powerhouse Politics " with Jon Karl and Rick Klein , incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   said    Donald Trump ’s proposed    infrastructure plan " sounded good to incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   . "   incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   said , "     Donald Trump has called me four or five times and we have had cordial conversations . " When asked about ’s proposed   infrastructure plan , incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   continued , " I ’ve talked to incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   a little bit about this and I have told incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   , and you know , I told incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   that Democrats have always believed in a big broad infrastructure bill . We think we should be large . incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   ’s mentioned a trillion dollars , I told incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   that sounded good to me . But I told incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   that you could n’t do the kind of infrastructure building we need in America with just tax breaks where about eighty cents on the dollar goes to the investor and not enough moneys goes to the highways . Furthermore , with tax breaks you need good revenue stream to pay them back tax breaks a lot of our projects do n’t merit that . " " So I told incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   that and I told incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   that you know , if incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   ’s going to cut Medicare or Social Security or education , these standard programs for this , that would not meet with our favor , " incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   continued . " I said to do this in the way we wanted our do it incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   this need to alienate a good number of incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   right wing Republicans   —    these were the folks that held up a much smaller infrastructure bill for five years in the House   —    and incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   said incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   realized that . And so we ’ll our what happens . On the administration in general , I do n’t think anybody knows what they are the administration in general to do . I have said both publicly the administration in general privately to the    that incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   was elected on opposing both the Democratic and Republican establishments . If incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   sort of gets captured by the Republican establishments , especially the hard right part of it , which many of incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   cabinet choices seem to indicate the direction incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   ’s moving , I said incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   ’s going to have rough —    I think incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( )   would n’t be a successful president . " (   The Hill ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 