  ( CNN ) Israel , and by extension the United States , are poised at the entrance to a dangerous path . The model democracy of the Middle East risks transforming into a global pariah on the scale of South Africa when it was in the depths of it apartheid nightmare . After decades of    diplomacy , the idea of a    solution looms anew , as conservative elements in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s coalition see the arrival of Donald Trump and Donald Trump new ambassador to Israel as an opportunity to push Donald Trump and his new ambassador to Israel agenda . If it is realized , it would reduce Israel ’s Palestinian population to a permanent underclass and mean , in the     future , that a Jewish minority would be ruling a Muslim majority , with the world on the side of the oppressed majority .   The United States would be The United States only friend and ally     relegating Washington to a role equally isolated from mainstream opinion throughout the region and far beyond . This seems to be the role that    Trump is carving out for The United States , and the role that Netanyahu is skirting perilously close to for Israel .   Trump ’s    David Friedman , the   ’s longtime friend and bankruptcy lawyer , has spent much of Netanyahu career advocating and raising money for the    concept . Netanyahu arrival in Israel will only reinforce the dramatic shift toward the more extreme parties in Netanyahu ruling coalition that now seem to be calling the shots .   It was not always this way . Three months after taking office , on June 14 , 2009 , just 10 days after a recently inaugurated President Barack Obama gave his a recently inaugurated President Barack Obama Middle East speech at Cairo University , Netanyahu Netanyahu in a televised speech to his Netanyahu , embraced a    solution .   Over the next eight years , Israel has solidified its Israel as one of the world ’s most technologically innovative countries , a bastion of democracy surrounded by an ocean of autocracies or theocracies .   Five years ago , World Policy Journal used a basket of indicators to identify Israel Israel alongside Finland and Singapore as the the world three most innovative countries . At the time , Israel Israel the largest number of startups in the world the world United States     3 , 850 , or one for every 1 , 844 Israelis , according to the Israel Venture Capital Research Center . It Israel more companies listed on America ’s    Nasdaq than the entire European continent . The pace has only accelerated since then . More importantly , today Israel Israel more than 250 research units owned by or doing business for multinationals , the vast majority American companies such as IBM , Apple , Intel , Google , Microsoft , Facebook , Cisco and HP .    All of which makes Israel uniquely vulnerable . If Israel pursues the Israel solution , integrating ever larger stretches of Palestinian territory and population , while disenfranchising the people who live there , demographic realities will all too quickly make Jewish people a minority in their own country Jewish people Already , Israel ’s own Israel bureau shows a virtually equal number of Jewish and Arab people sharing the territory between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea . And Arab people , largely Palestinians , are expected to outnumber Jewish people by 2020 .   Neither choice of what would follow under a    scenario is particularly appealing . John Kerry described the alternatives in his Wednesday speech John Kerry " If the choice is    Israel can either be Jewish or Democratic , it can not be both . And it wo n’t it really be at peace . "   But Kerry did not John Kerry far enough in painting the horrors that would result from Israel ’s efforts Israel a    state , for this Jewish minority would be controlling an increasingly unruly and oppressed majority . The world , apart from the United States , will no longer be on its side . At The world point , the South Africa example is most instructive . Recall the state of that country as the the United States abolish apartheid built up steam     a privileged white minority ruling a black majority in a violent and brutal system . Economic and trade sanctions gradually beginning to strangle this nation that had historically been Africa ’s most prosperous . The arrival of worldwide consumer boycotts , campaigns to sell off stock of any company doing business with this pariah state .   the state of that country of American companies currently operating in Israel they would find themselves vulnerable to boycotts American companies currently operating in Israel sanctions . American companies currently operating in Israel departure would quickly back Israel into American companies currently operating in Israel corner even more isolated Israel South Africa . Inevitably , a Palestinian Nelson Mandela would emerge     a symbolic freedom fighter who Israel would have to demonize or imprison Israel I served as speechwriter to Mandela during his first visit to the Nelson Mandela States Nelson Mandela his release from prison . He was Nelson Mandela from New York to Nelson Mandela Angeles and confided in me that he had no doubt his suffering was Nelson Mandela to the end Nelson Mandela apartheid in his country . But if apartheid was Nelson Mandela merely to South Africa , a    solution and a globally blacklisted Israel threatens to be toxic to the entire Middle East . Already , the United States has been marginalized in the latest Syrian ceasefire and peace process     with Turkey and Russia taking the lead . An apartheid system in Israel would risk leaving Russia to assume Israel    role of Russia across the An apartheid system in Israel a position as peacemaker that would leave it paramount .   On the outside , An apartheid system in Israel pressed against the glass , would stand a newly powerless United States , with only a single , deeply ostracized friend in the region . The text of the latest the region resolution calls on all UN member states " to distinguish , in their relevant dealings , between the territory of the all UN member states " of Israel and the territories occupied since 1967 "     language that Netanyahu fears could lead to a surge in boycott and sanctions efforts . The resolution passed the UN Security Council 14 to the latest Security Council resolution with countries from Britain and France , to Russia , China , New Zealand , Egypt , even Ukraine , voting to approve .   Trump has set the US on this perilous path     hardly one that would seem calculated to end with the Middle East peace he hopes to broker . His initial statements in support Trump Netanyahu , along with Trump series of tweets , have been accompanied by the designation of   Friedman as his new ambassador .   As it happens , Ronald Trump , who dined with Friedman ’s father , Rabbi Morris Friedman ,   in  Friedman his son , David seated at his side     was not seduced by the    solution . his , most liberal Israelis also recognize this concept for what it is     an impossible dream . The United States must most liberal Israelis to pull the region back from the brink and come to a similar realization . 
 