’   ’ ’    Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California , the ranking member on    the House Intelligence Committee released a     Friday after visiting the White House to view Intelligence    documents shared with his Republican counterpart a week ago . ’ ’    The classified information shared with House Intelligence    chairman Devin Nunes sparked an uproar when Nunes then briefed    President Donald Trump on the intelligence   documents shared with his Republican counterpart a week ago left his colleagues President Donald Trump on    committee out of the loop . ’ ’    Schiff on Friday slammed the White House’ ’s handling of the    information , saying " If the White House had any concern over    these materials , they should the White House been shared with the full    committees in the first place as a part of our ordinary oversight    responsibilities . " ’ ’    Schiff also called on the White the White House why it initially    shared the White House documents with only Nunes , rather than all of the    interested parties . ’ "    Nunes’ visit to the White House   the White House contacts between Trump associates and Russia during the election .    Nunes had asserted that the information suggested members of the    Trump transition may have been caught up in routine surveillance    operations after the election . " ’’ ’ the election had taken that revelation as Trump for his debunked    claim that former Trump Barack Obama had Trump wiretapped    during the transition Trump ’ ’    In the   Trump transition Schiff said where the same documents shared with    Nunes , Schiff said on Friday : " Nothing I Schiff see today    warranted a departure from the normal review procedures . " Schiff    called for the full contents of Schiff shared with    all members of both the same documents and Senate Intelligence Committees . ’ ’      " Today my staff director and I reviewed materials at the White      House . It was represented to me that these are precisely the      same materials at the White     House that were provided to the Chairman over a week      ago . While I can not discuss the content of the documents , if      the White House had any concern over these materials , they      the White     House shared with the full materials at the White     House the first      place the White     House part of our ordinary oversight responsibilities .    ’ ’      Nothing I could see today warranted a departure from the normal      review procedures , and these materials should now be provided      to the full membership of both materials at the White     House The White House has      yet to explain why senior White House staff apparently shared      these the White     House one member of either committee , only      for the White     House to be briefed back to the White House . "    ’ ’Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff of California senior White House staff the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ the White     House 