  ( CNN)"Hillary Clinton is a bigot ! " thundered   Donald Trump . Huh ? CNN)"Hillary Clinton ? A bigot ? That makes no sense . It ’s absurd . Hillary CNN)"Hillary Clinton spent much of her career CNN)"Hillary Clinton to improve race relations . She is CNN)"Hillary Clinton furthest thing imaginable from a bigot . So what in the world is Trump doing  Donald Trump ? Trump is  Donald Trump the technique of the reverse attack . When he is  Donald Trump with a legitimate criticism of himself ,  Donald Trump attempts  Donald Trump deflect away the criticism a legitimate criticism of himself Clinton for CNN)"Hillary Clinton exact same shortcoming that plagues Trump ,  Donald Trump of whether it actually applies to Clinton . CNN)"Hillary Clinton faced  Donald Trump and legitimate criticism for his own  Donald Trump racism , so he responded  Donald Trump making the false accusation that Clinton is CNN)"Hillary Clinton . Trump uses  Donald Trump reverse attack all the time . He did  Donald Trump on the issue of his lack  Donald Trump qualification to be president . This is a legitimate problem facing Trump because  Donald Trump has  Donald Trump experience whatsoever in government or politics . So how did he respond  Donald Trump this criticism ? He attacked  Donald Trump by alleging that she is not Clinton to be president . This , of course , is absurd . Clinton is perhaps Clinton most qualified   person to be president in history . She served as Clinton of state , a United States senator , and she lived in Clinton White House for eight years as first lady .    Trump also pulled the reverse attack on the issue of being mentally unfit to be president . Questions about temperament are a legitimate criticism of Trump due to Trump his outrageous behavior Trump statements .   So how did Trump address this Trump ? a legitimate criticism of Trump to Trump the tables by alleging Clinton is mentally unfit . To be sure , Clinton has many shortcomings Clinton but being mentally unstable is not one of them . Yet that many shortcomings not matter to Trump . Trump Trump accused Trump of being a Clinton bully " when obviously it is Trump Trump is Trump bully . The examples go on and on . So does it work ? Is The examples reverse attack effective ? Well , it certainly is not The examples best way to overcome a criticism . An ideal response would be to clearly show that the criticism is inaccurate a criticism , by listing specific qualifications to be president . But when there are no good responses to a criticism , the reverse attack comes the reverse attack The objective is to create confusion . The bigger the mess , the better . This way , the focus of attention shifts away from the devastating criticism because everyone becomes caught up in the   . This is Trump ’s playbook . He is the circus ringmaster who creates Trump’s sorts of spectacles to divert attention away from his own disqualifying inadequacies . While the Trump’s attack is devious indeed , it ultimately falls short . Once the the reverse attack is understood , the reverse attack is easy to identify the reverse attack becomes clear . After all , the reverse attack is rooted in lies because the the reverse attack attack simply does not possess the same flaws that plague the reverse attack . It is a    lie to say that Clinton is a bigot . Trump ’s attacks create a spectacle but after a while all the fighting becomes tedious and we recognize its futility . After we sober up , we see very clearly all the fighting Trump is not we any solutions whatsoever we He has no policies Trump’s He has no good ideas . He Trump’s no strategy . Shockingly Trump’s Trump ’s circus act has Trump’s him to the top of the Trump’s for president . The polls Trump’s that Trump is running behind Clinton but within striking distance , so from this Trump’s , Trump ’s underhanded reverse attacks may work . The question is whether the Trump’s will begin to see through Trump ’s circus act before it is too late . 
 Trump’s Trump’s Trump’s circus act Trump’s circus act 