’   ’ "    The Pulitzer Prizes were   Monday , and many of this year ’s prizewinners shared    one thing in common : The Pulitzer Prizes ’ve all been the target of insults from    President Donald Trump . " "    Since   President Donald Trump campaign for the presidency began in 2015 , his    public war against the media has been central to his his among    his his . " "    Here are some of the disparaging names he his called Monday ’s    Pulitzer recipients , according to a   of all the insults Trump has made on    Twitter since 2015 . " ’    The New York Times , which led the pack with three Pulitzers , also    received the brunt of Trump’ ’s criticism on Twitter , having been    called " failing , " " fake news , " and " dishonest " over the past year    and half , among several other insults . ’ "    The award for    journalism was given to the New York    Daily News and ProPublica . Together , they uncovered the New New York Police Department ’s abuse of eviction laws , prompting sweeping    changes to the department   Police Department’s ’    Trump has called the newspaper " worthless , " " dead , " " a dying    tabloid , " and " failing , " among other insults . ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tThere are no buyers for the worthless   but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking . It is bleeding little Mort Zuckerman ink    a total loser ! ’t’t’ ’    ProPublica ,    of the    award , was never    publicly ridiculed by Trump , although Trump House press secretary    Sean Spicer did refer to the outlet as a "   blog " at a    recent press briefing . The news site   in a lengthy series of tweets . ’ ’    Peggy Noonan of The Wall Street Journal won a Pulitzer Prize for    her commentary on Peggy Noonan of The Wall Street Journal 2016 election . ’ ’    Trump has described The Journal as The Wall Street Journal , " " so wrong , so    often , " " " and " so dishonest , " among other    insults , and he’ ’s described the newspaper’ ’s editorial board    members as " dummies . " ’ "    The Washington Post ’s David Fahrenthold won the Pulitzer for    national reporting for his work on Trump David Fahrenthold charitable donations .    As it turns    , Fahrenthold discovered , Trump David Fahrenthold exaggerated    Trump’s of his    claims , Trump’s in many cases , had n’t    donated at all    organizations he said he gave Trump’s to Trump’s " ’    Trump has called The Trump’s Post " phony " and " so false and    angry , "    said it publishes " inaccurate    " and " dishonest    reporting , " among other insults . ’ ’The Pulitzer Prizes were revealed Monday , and . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 