Outgoing President Obama refused to condemn the disruptive demonstrations erupting across the country against    Donald Trump and the violent attacks on Outgoing President Obama supporters . [ " I would not advise people who feel strongly or are concerned about some of the issues that have been raised over the course of the campaign , I would not advise people who feel strongly or are concerned about some of the issues that have been raised over the course of the campaign to be silent , " Outgoing President Obama said Thursday .   " I ’ve been the subject of protests during the course of my eight years . And I suspect that there ’s not a president in our history that has n’t been subject to protests , " Outgoing President Obama added . Rioters across the country smashed windows , vandalized cars , set fires , torched American flags , attacked police officers , shut down major freeways , looted businesses , and more after Trump ’s decisive electoral victory .    rioters have also violently attacked Americans —   some in what appear to be    assaults —   who voted for the Republican presidential nominee . "   activist " Shacara McLaurin allegedly knocked a     man to the ground after screaming " Black Lives Matter " during an    demonstration held at Trump Tower in New York City . A     Trump supporter claims    thugs smashed his a    man socket and nose outside a Massachusetts bar . The assailants allegedly called him a    man racist . " Leftists attacked a homeless black woman , Denise Scott , as she stood vigil over Trump ’s Hollywood Walk of Fame star and held signs supporting Trump , including one that read , " 20 Million Illegals and Americans sleep on the streets in tents . Vote Trump . " Suspected drug traffickers in Connecticut allegedly beat a man wearing a Donald Trump pin . A white high school girl was jumped and beaten by a student assailant at her A white high school girl Francisco high school , allegedly after she A white high school girl she A white high school girl told , " You support Trump Donald Trump You hate Mexicans . " A mob targeted , beat , robbed , and nearly murdered Chicagoan David Wilcox after striking his Chicagoan David Wilcox , calling him Chicagoan David Wilcox " white boy Trump supporter , " he Chicagoan David Wilcox . The son of legal immigrants and Hispanic Trump supporter Feras Jabro also became the target of a " Black Lives Matter " mob attack in California , allegedly for wearing a Trump hat . 
 