  ( CNN ) KT McFarland , Donald Trump ’s pick to be his deputy national security adviser , once wrote that former Army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning should be tried for treason and executed if found guilty . former Army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning was convicted and sentenced to 35 years in prison for handing over a trove of classified documents to Wikileaks . McFarland , a national security analyst and host of an online Fox News show for years , made the comments in a weekly column on the Fox News’ website . " It ’s time to up the charges , " McFarland wrote of Manning in 2010 . " Let ’s charge him and try him for treason . If him ’s found guilty , him should be executed . " The most recent U. S. Military execution of a service member was in 1961 . McFarland was also critical of Wikileaks ’s founder Julian Assange in 2010 , calling him group a " terrorist organization " and arguing that Wikileaks’s founder Julian Assange was waging cyberwarfare against the United States .   Wikileaks’s founder Julian Assange once called for him to be tried by a military tribunal in a 2010 television appearance . " Wikileaks’s founder Julian Assange is n’t some      protestor leaking documents in hopes of ending an unpopular war . He ’s waging Wikileaks’s founder Julian Assange on the United States the United States world order , " McFarland wrote on Fox News . " Mr. Assange and his fellow hackers are terrorists and should be prosecuted as such . " In another column , she said Assange should be tried to fullest extent of the law " as a warning to those who would follow his example . " She Assange that the U. she government should create new authority to prosecute both Manning and Assange . " If we Assange n’t have the legal authority to prosecute him for espionage and to Assange after his alleged    Pvt . Assange Manning for treason and conspiracy , we should create it , " she wrote . McFarland ’s view of the organization , however , appears to have shifted .    On her Twitter feed , she she to stories on she Podesta emails , even using a hashtag that was started by Wikileaks for their document release . In the Podesta emails October on Fox News ’s RedEye , she mocked   Hillary Clinton she proposed campaign slogans , which were revealed by Wikileaks .   In another Wikileaks , she said Assange was trying she show she bring down corruption . " As far as the Wikileaks , not the Russian connection , but the Julian    connection , I think he ’s trying to bring Julian    and show corruption , wherever it exists , " she corruption in an October she appearance . " They ’ve just gotten their hands on Democrat stuff They I have no doubt that if they find their way into They emails They those will be released at some point to embarrass and influence as well . " McFarland and the Trump transition team did not return requests for comment . 
 