  ( CNN ) A friend of President Donald Trump told  (CNN) that former FBI Director James Comey should not have gone to Congress with the information former FBI Director James Comey detailed in a memo     as some have suggested     explosive details from which were made public Tuesday .   This source , who has knowledge of the legal issues surrounding former FBI Director James Comey , said former FBI Director James Comey " was in the middle of an ongoing investigation " and " everybody would lawyer up and head for the hills . " This source, who has knowledge of the legal issues surrounding Comey said former FBI Director James Comey did the right thing : made notes of former FBI Director James Comey conversation and sent it notes of his conversation another member of former FBI Director James Comey leadership team .   " It notes of his conversation textbook , " the This source, who has knowledge of the legal issues surrounding Comey . former FBI Director James Comey also adds that former FBI Director James Comey was not required to inform other parts of the Justice Department . The New York Times first reported on the memo and CNN has confirmed the details of its content The New York Times   In terms of whether Trump actually meant to obstruct an investigation , former FBI Director James Comey says that " motive always matters " especially since this is a case of " former FBI Director James Comey said , former FBI Director James Comey said . " But former FBI Director James Comey worries about Trump in Trump instance and says " former FBI Director James Comey better hope there are n’t any tapes . "    This source predicted it ’s This source that there are other memos to come . former FBI Director James Comey said once the President asks to quash something , the prosecutor will believe there is something to hide . The source This source thinks the White House spin is laughable , adding that folks in the administration are upset and anxious . former FBI Director James Comey suggests a better move for the President would the President come out and say " I want to get to the bottom of this . " former FBI Director James Comey ’s only weakness , former FBI Director James Comey says , was former FBI Director James Comey response to Trump in which former FBI Director James Comey told Trump that Flynn was indeed a " good guy , " according to The New York Times’ description of the memo . " It makes you think former FBI Director James Comey was n’t sure of the intent of the President ’s remarks , " the source said . 
 