  ( CNN ) The Washington Post published yet another bombshell report about our President Monday . The story , citing unnamed US officials , alleges that Donald Trump gave visiting Russian officials details of intelligence on ISIS and a plot to blow up planes using laptops     information that had been given to the United States by an ally . Russia ’s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russia ambassador to the United States , Sergei Kislyak , were made privy to information so secret that the United the United States shared with its own allies , the United States according to the news report     but Trump bragged about it to officials from the United States hostile government . CNN has not confirmed the Washington Post report or a New York Times report that followed it . But if it is true , it would reflect an unspeakable lapse in judgment and could have serious ramifications for US security and diplomacy . Trump , who complains bitterly about how others treat him , has once again with his own behavior     him own apparent inability him control himself     created yet him mess for himself and for the him . In the process , he is showing Americans him once again     that he is utterly incompetent him Americans have been willing to tolerate from him crassness , vulgarity him and a break with the country ’s norms and traditions , which he has sold with him slogans     he would " drain him swamp " and " make America great again . " But constantly mounting evidence indicates that the claim of Trump and his supporters     that Trump brought one overarching Trump to the office , a businessman ’s competence     is also a fraud . The State Department is denying that Trump revealed secret information Trump that meeting , which was closed to US reporters but included a Russian photographer . And H. R. McMaster , Trump ’s national security Trump participated in the meeting , insisted to reporters , " At no time were intelligence sources or methods discussed and the President did not disclose any military operations that were n’t already publicly known . .. I was in the room . It did n’t happen . " But security experts say this is a    denial . The Post ’s sources say Trump did not directly reveal Trump , but gave the Russians enough detail that they could " reverse engineer the Russians the information to find its source and the methods Trump to obtain it , such as the its source where the information was obtained , and other details . In addition , critics say that reports of the White House rushing to inform the CIA and the National Security Agency about the revelations to the Russians confirm they realized the President committed Russians major mistake .   Of course , much remains unclear about what happened inside the Oval Office and how    its effects might be . the Oval Office What is clear is that this incident fits neatly into an alarming , unrelentingly chaotic pattern from our President . Trump has the President that he is treated unfairly by the Trump , by the intelligence community and by the courts , but Donald Trump ’s worst enemy is Trump . Nothing has hurt the Trump his governing agenda and his prospects for governing Trump full term more Trump his own statements . Indeed , the Post Trump , which came Monday afternoon , followed the most recent court hearing that morning over Trump ’s embattled , and    stalled , Trump people from six    nations from traveling to the United States . And his    behavior was reaffirmed minutes later during the daily White Trump briefing , when much of the questioning centered on the multiple crises spun by Trump ’s own statements . At the 9th Circuit hearing , Trump judge panel in Seattle listened as White House lawyers defended an executive order they had valiantly tried to White House an effort to please the courts White House lawyers which keep stopping it as unconstitutional . But the lawyers’ efforts could well be in vain , judging by the tone of the questioning by the judges ( whom Trump has also attacked ) . Again and again , the lawyers’ Trump judges’ discussion went beyond Trump ’s executive order to parse the President ’s own statements     Trump the campaign trail , on Twitter and in speeches as President . Normally , the courts give Presidents enormous latitude in crafting measures aimed at securing the country . But in Trump ’s case , judges     such as US District Judge Derrick Trump Trump’s Hawaii , who used Trump ’s own words in explaining why he issued a worldwide restraining Trump on the ban     do not sound convinced that the administration is telling the truth when it claims the travel ban is about security . Instead , they suspect it the administration about religion . Where do they get such an idea ? You the administration it : It was Trump himself they , in December of 2015 , dramatically called for a " total and complete shutdown " of Muslims entering the United States . His many pronouncements and actions since then have not eased their concerns . As Trump himself who, in December of 2015, dramatically called for a "total and complete shutdown" of Muslims entering the United States many , including Vice President Mike Pence , noted His many pronouncements and actions since then the time , targeting members of one religious group is a clear violation of the US constitution . Judge Michael Daly Hawkins asked Acting Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall for an update on the President ’s views . " Has the President ever disavowed his campaign statements     has he ever said , ’I the President’s I want to the President’s all members of the the President’s faith . ... I was wrong ? ’ " " Yes , " Wall replied , " he has said several things approaching that . " Neal Acting Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall , the lawyer for the President’s , demurred . The government , he said , can not offer a single instance of the President disavowing his promise the President’s impose a " Muslim ban "     because he the President’s .   the President’s is making statements that may keep some supporters happy , the President’s he ’s also fueling a growing determination to stop his most egregious moves among those who Trump his presidency as an affront to democracy . Trump them , Trump is providing the most Trump ammunition . During a press briefing after the those who see his presidency as an affront to democracy Circuit Trump , Spicer tried to bat down questions about another Trump statement     in the form of a tweet     that implied Trump may have a Trump system in the White House .   The President personally put Trump on the national agenda when he tweeted the veiled threat against former FBI Director James Comey , telling him to be The President because he might release " tapes . " Now the White House The President to answer any questions The President the subject and Democrats are asking to the White House tapes     and threatening to stall the appointment of a new FBI director unless they do . When asked if anyone could be comfortable talking to the President in FBI White House Democrats more , Spicer said Trump has nothing more to say on the subject . the White House the issue of Comey ’s firing . There , Trump also created potentially    the subject himself . The firing itself , during an FBI investigation into possible ties between Trump Trump campaign and Russia , is Trump controversial . But when Trump told NBC that he was thinking about " this Russia thing " when he fired Comey , the notion that Trump firing amounts to Trump of justice     one of Russia charges on which Trump was impeached     immediately gained strength The firing itself, during an FBI investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia preeminent constitutional scholar Laurence Tribe called it a shocking admission that suggests an " obvious effort to interfere with a probe involving national security matters vastly more serious The preeminent constitutional scholar Laurence Tribe . .. Watergate . " It is one more reason why Trump should be impeached now , he said , and not after the many investigations are complete . Any of these earlier stories from the day     and Trump a long string of days     would have been enough to raise new alarm about the competency of the leader of the free world . The Washington Post report , if true , ups the ante in Trump ’s already risky game . Which straw will break the back of this presidency ? It ’s hard to tell , Trump the straws are getting heavy . To Trump , all the headwinds are the result Which straw bad judges , biased reporters , and Democrats bent on undermining his presidency Trump But it ’s clear that Trump ’s biggest problem is none other than Donald Trump . Unfortunately for the this presidency , his apparently willful sowing of Trump outright blunders , both of which hold Trump consequences , are a threat to the country ’s his and to its most important alliances . 
 the United States security 