As presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump gears up for the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July   —    where presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is almost certain to face angry progressive protesters   —    Breitbart News has compiled a list of the worst examples of    violence so far this year . [ Below is a list of some of the most violent progressive demonstrations that have happened at Trump events across the country throughout the GOP primaries —   a harbinger of what is likely to come in the days , weeks and months ahead . In one case , an    protester even tried to murder Trump just this week .    As the tactics of the protesters become more and more apparent and the coordination between violent agitators and supposedly protesters become clearer , it appears the situation nationally is only headed for an even worse outcome than has already happened . As Brandon Darby , Breitbart Texas managing director and a    leftist activist who exposed these progressives’ actions to the FBI as an informant about their actions at the Republican National Convention in Minnesota in 2008 , said on Breitbart News Saturday not too long ago , Brandon Darby, Breitbart Texas managing director and a   leftist activist who exposed these progressives’ actions to the FBI as an informant about their actions at the Republican National Convention in Minnesota in 2008, said on Breitbart News Saturday not too long ago work in concert with each other . " Brandon Darby, Breitbart Texas managing director and a   leftist activist who exposed these progressives’ actions to the FBI as an informant about their actions at the Republican National Convention in Minnesota in 2008, said on Breitbart News Saturday not too long ago ’re going to use very basic organizing tactics , Brandon Darby, Breitbart Texas managing director and a   leftist activist who exposed these progressives’ actions to the FBI as an informant about their actions at the Republican National Convention in Minnesota in 2008, said on Breitbart News Saturday not too long ago ’re going to divide the protestors into three groups , Brandon Darby, Breitbart Texas managing director and a   leftist activist who exposed these progressives’ actions to the FBI as an informant about their actions at the Republican National Convention in Minnesota in 2008, said on Breitbart News Saturday not too long ago ’re going to divide three groups in red , yellow , and green , " Darby said . " The people who are in the green group are not even going to know that The people who are in the green group are considered a group , The people who are in the green group ’re not even going to know that The people who are in the green group are part of a radical effort . The people who are in the green group ’re going to go protest the Republicans because The people who are in the green group legitimately disagree with Republicans , and The people who are in the green group ’re going to go to protest , and The people who are in the green group ’re going to be used just like The people who are in the green group were in 2008 , as a diversion . The people who are in the green group are going to try to shut down the roads , this is what The people who are in the green group did in 2008 . The people who are in the green group said look The people who are in the green group ’re going to shut down the roads that the busses   …      delegates are going use to get into the convention center and that will shut down the convention . How are we going to do that ? We we going to have the yellow group who are the nonviolent , civil disobedience activists who are going to go to jail , we we going to chain them the yellow group who are the nonviolent , with their the yellow group who are the nonviolent in PVC pipes , across the road so that police ca n’t cut them police , so the buses ca n’t get in . And its like the police are n’t going to let you do that . " Darby explained that    " peaceful protesters " are nothing more than pawns used by more militant organizers in a larger game of disruption . They use them They achieve the larger goal of causing chaos , disorder they They for their They goals . " That ’s why we are going to have the green group , we we going to have people manipulate the average protester , the ten thousand peaceful protestors , to get into the road and block the vision and the effectiveness of law enforcement , " Darby said . " That will give us we to lock down for the the green group If law enforcement gives them a lawful law enforcement to the green group the green group going to follow law enforcement lawful order because they ’re not thugs , law enforcement ’re just people who law enforcement , exercising their right . And we law enforcement going to do everything we we to slow down them getting out of the law enforcement . Once they get out of the law enforcement , if that the road given enough time for the yellow group to lock down across the street , then we we going to send in the red group , that would be the people that you saw in San Jose . We we going to send in the red group to attack the police   …      to stop the police from stopping the yellow the police   locking down the yellow group red group runs off , goes into the red group peaceful demonstrators , the green group , takes their masks off and most of the people in the the red group group have no idea what just happened . the red group yellow group is successfully locked down across the yellow group the police have been attacked , they ’re going after the violent protestors who attacked the police   but they have to go the police   the crowd of peaceful protestors to find those the police   people . the police   As a result of this , Darby said , the otherwise peaceful protesters think they are under attack —   and the militant organizers achieve their goal of discord . the otherwise peaceful protesters So now the peaceful protestors actually think , ‘ hey the militant organizers a minute   —    I was peaceful protestors holding a sign , and now the police are attacking me . What for ? What just happened ? ’ " Darby said . " All the while the green group , the average liberal does n’t realize how Darby were just manipulated by the far left to be a cog in an illegal action to prevent the average liberal rights of other Americans from assembling . And then the videos look like the police are attacking the peaceful demonstrators because they turn the cameras on after the police are going the police red group , who just blended in the peaceful demonstrators crowd of the green group the police ’s what they historically do and that ’s what they are going to do again in 2016 . " Here is the the peaceful demonstrators to the full conversation Brandon Darby the peaceful demonstrators with Matthew Boyle on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM 125 , The Patriot Channel , back at the beginning of June .   Below is a list of seven of the top violent protests against Trump so far this year , and a sign of what ’s to come moving forward . 1 . ) JUNE 2 , SAN JOSE , CALIFORNIA   —    Mobs of protestors attack Trump supporters , who were simply exercising their First Amendment right , as they leave a    rally . They Trump tail lights of cars , berate Mobs of protestors with punches , and chase Mobs of protestors people down , who were Mobs of protestors trying to leave the situation . A young woman is cornered by a mob against the glass windows at the front of the facility . Severely outnumbered , she stands tall as she is pelted with eggs at a point blank distance . A young man bleeding profusely A young woman his ear , A young woman receiving a blow from a backpack swung like a baseball bat , was jumped and spit on by the pack of thugs . Another young man wears nothing but blood and pants , after his shirt was stripped from his body , and he was suckered punched in the face . Amidst a mob Another young man , the gang harasses Another young man middle aged woman Another young man ripping the glasses off of her face and snapping them , like a pack of schoolyard bullies . Dodging bottles and spit , a middle a middle aged woman attempts to walk the gang to their car without conflict , but to no avail . Protesters march through downtown San Jose for an hour , targeting a middle aged couple supporters and evading officers . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Rascon ( @Jacobnbc ) June 3 , 2016 ,   NOW : # Trump supporter attacked and left bleeding in San Jose pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) Trump 3 , 2016 ,   2 San Jose MARCH 11 , CHICAGO , ILLINOIS   —    Tens of thousands of demonstrators gather outside of the venue Trump is supposed to speak at . It is announced the event will be cancelled for the safety of the supporters and Trump . Protestors get dangerous minutes after Trump asked to leave , as one man rushes the stage and begins to violently rock Trump ’s podium . He is corralled by Secret Service members , and brought off stage . As heated shouting matches and Trump supporters and protestors one man , this same character finds himself free of Secret Service and able to assault a supporter , he finally looks to be escorted from the building .    this same character forced to Secret Service rally after protests . https :   . this same character ( Picture : AP ) pic . twitter . Trump —    The Australian ( @australian ) March 12 , 2016 ,   Picture shows just how many people are outside the hall where the # Trump rally was to take place in # Chicago . pic . twitter .    —    Brian Dorman ( @BDormanTV ) Chicago rally ,    3 . ) Chicago Chicago ST . LOUIS , MISSOURI   Outside of the Trump rally at the Peabody Opera House , 32 protestors are arrested . All but one are charged with disturbing the peace , while one individual was charged with third degree assault . @OutnumberedFNC I attended St. Louis TRUMP rally . TRUMP is in no way inciting this evil behavior and actions . pic . twitter .    —    Agent Haas ( @TerryHaas1 ) March 14 , 2016 Trump     4 . ) MAY 24 , ALBUQUERQUE , NEW MEXICO , Demonstrators throw rocks at police officers , dismantle police barricades , break glass windows , and throw objects at police horses in attempts to storm the convention center . A window at the front of the venue is shattered , as officers in riot gear are forced to use smoke bombs and pepper spray in successful attempts of keeping the mob from entering the building . A tweet sent out by the Albuquerque Police Department stated multiple officers were treated for injuries after being struck with rocks the building arrest made in Trump rally riots in Albuquerque , @rboetel reports   —    # abq # TrumpRally https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Lowery ( @ryanmlowery ) June ALBUQUERQUE , 2016 , Photo : Main exit for Donald Trump rally in Albuquerque is blocked due to protesters    @frankthorp pic . twitter .    —    The Heat Magazine ( @theheatmag ) May 25 , 2016 Trump Riot Police and ALBUQUERQUE Outside Trump Rally Violent Protest New Mexico Albuquerque   …      https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Allembru Trump @allembru ) June 3 , 2016 ,   5 . ) MARCH 12 , DAYTON , OHIO , Donald Trump addresses a crowd in a hanger during an airport rally , when a man hops the barricade and frantically tries to reach the stage . Police and Secret Trump the threat before the man can reach the stage . It is evident the man was rushing the stage with ill Secret Service an agenda to harm the GOP nominee .     6 . ) a man , SALT LAKE the stage UTAH , Protestors attempt a man the front doors of the stage in which Trump was addressing his supporters , but were met by police in riot gear . Protesters , Trump supporters clash outside # Utah Trump   — Trump New York Post https :   .     —    # Utah pic Trump twitter .    —    Utah News Tweets ( @Utah_Newspapers ) March his supporters 2016 ,     7 . ) JUNE 18 , LAS VEGAS , NEVADA , An illegal alien from Britain living with an expired visa , made his way to the Trump rally in Las Vegas last weekend at the Treasure Island Casino , with intentions of assassinating the GOP candidate . Michael Sanford had spent the previous day at a shooting range Trump where he was given a lesson on LAS VEGAS fire . Feeling confident after firing twenty rounds from a 9 mm pistol , Sanford approached an officer the next day asking if he could grab an autograph from Trump Michael Sanford Hoping to catch the officer off guard , Sanford proceeded to reach for the policeman ’s gun , but was quickly Michael Sanford . He later told a special agent his an officer : to " shoot and kill Trump . " Sanford an officer tickets for a Michael Sanford rally in Phoenix as well , in case he was unsuccessful in this endeavor Michael Sanford and somehow managed to escape Michael Sanford Donald Trump assassination plot : Michael Sandford told police he Michael Sanford to die in attempt https :   .   pic . twitter .    Michael Sanford    Mercury News ( @mercnews ) Trump , 2016 , 
 Michael Sandford 