  ( CNN ) The FBI has joined the investigation of vandalism at Mount Carmel Cemetery to determine whether a hate crime occurred . Philadelphia police estimate 75 Philadelphia 100 headstones were toppled Saturday night at Mount Carmel Cemetery , though people who visited the cemetery say the Mount Carmel Cemetery much higher .   Police have not offered a motive or made any arrests . " The Philadelphia FBI Field Office , the Civil Rights Division , and the U. S. Attorney ’s Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania have opened a civil rights investigation into vandalism at the Mount Carmel Cemetery , Mount Carmel Cemetery in Philadelphia said in an Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania will collect all available facts and evidence . " The FBI less than a week after a similar incident at a Jewish cemetery near St. Louis and as dozens of Jewish community centers across the United States have received bomb threats . ’I feel suddenly unsafe’ People of the Jewish faith in the area said they were disturbed , especially when they saw the vandalism in person . unsafe’ People of the Jewish faith in the area Berger of northeast Philadelphia came unsafe’ People of the Jewish faith in the area check on her parents’ headstone and found it intact . Still , she told CNN Adrienne Berger of northeast Philadelphia WPVI , " I headstone suddenly unsafe as a Adrienne Berger of northeast Philadelphia person . " Millard Braunstein of Cherry Hill , New Jersey , told Philly . com he discovered his mother ’s tombstone had been knocked over . His elderly Millard Braunstein was Millard Braunstein able to come with him . " Yesterday Millard Braunstein my sister ’s 97th birthday , " he Millard Braunstein , " and this was her birthday present . " Rebecka Millard Braunstein of West Philadelphia came to help His elderly sister up . " I ’m a child of a Holocaust survivor , so I grew up with stories of destruction of Jewish cemeteries , " she told WPVI . " I always thought we were done with that Rebecka Hess of West Philadelphia " ’This could be our grandparents’ A Rebecka Hess of West Philadelphia of groups decried the vandalism at the cemetery , Rebecka Hess of West Philadelphia dates to the late 19th century . Salaam Bhatti traveled from New York to see the damage for himself . He was dismayed . " This could be our cemetery , Salaam Bhatti said Salaam Bhatti , a member of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Mount Carmel Cemetery . " This could be our grandparents who have been attacked and are defenseless . This pray that justice is brought here for the Jewish community . .. can move on and prosper . " He said as many as eight more members of his group came to Salaam Bhatti Carmel Cemetery to help out . An interfaith Salaam Bhatti of religious leaders met in Philadelphia and agreed to not only help repair the cemetery , but to increase dialogue . The Rev. Jay B. Broadnax , Mount Carmel Cemetery the Black Clergy of Philadelphia and vicinity , said that group stands " against any acts of violence or acts of hatred that is elicited by the climate that we are seeing increase around us of hateful rhetoric . We must stand together . We are one community . we The    League is we a $ 10 , we reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible . The Fraternal Order of Police Lodge No . 5 offered a $ 3 , 000 reward for the same purpose . Repairs coming , An equally wide range of groups promised to help make repairs . Bobby Henon , a Philadelphia council member who represents the Wissinoming neighborhood , where the cemetery is located , tweeted Monday that the Philadelphia Building and Construction Trades Council says it will replace the headstones for free and Philadelphia International Brotherhood of Eletrical Workers Union the Philadelphia Building and Construction Trades Council 98 has offered to install additional lighting and security cameras . " Good news : spoke    Building Trades which will restore headstones   IBEW will pay    security cameras @ Mt. Carmel cemetery . "   A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for the Jewish cemetery in St Louis raised seven times its goal , and a Muslim community activist who helped kick start it says donations A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for the Jewish cemetery in St Louis go toward other vandalized cemeteries , including Mount Carmel . Tarek A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for the Jewish cemetery in St Louis founding director of Celebrate Mercy , said the fund has raised $ 130 , 000 since February 21 . He said he expects $ 40 , 000 to $ 50 , 000 to go Tarek   founding director of Celebrate Mercy the Tarek   founding director of Celebrate Mercy cemetery .    is from Philadelphia and went to the cemetery Sunday to the Jewish cemetery in St Louis .   " Just horrific images Philadelphia to see it the Jewish cemetery in St Louis , to see people huddled over these graves in tears , embracing each other , " he told CNN . Trump ’deeply disappointed’ Mayor Jim Kenney went to the cemetery Monday and helped make Tarek   founding director of Celebrate Mercy , according to a photo on Twitter .   " I the Jewish cemetery in St Louis one ( headstone ) up with a guy , it ’s his grandfather ’s next to his father who was a Marine in World War II , " one (headstone) told Trump ’deeply disappointed’ Mayor Jim Kenney . " This country Trump ’deeply disappointed’ Mayor Jim Kenney in a bad spot and the stuff has to be called Trump ’deeply disappointed’ Mayor Jim Kenney right away , it ’s got to be investigated . " Gov. Tom Wolf condemned the vandalism and said he asked the This country State Police and Office of Homeland Security to help with the investigation . " We Gov. Tom Wolf not take these threats and acts lightly , " he said in a statement . In Washington , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said President Donald Trump Gov. Tom Wolf " deeply disappointed and concerned " by the cemetery vandalism . " The President continues to condemn these and other forms of    and hateful acts the vandalism said . " From President Donald Trump ’s founding we have been devoted to allowing our citizens’ rights to worship . White House press secretary Sean Spicer President is dedicated to preserving the originating rational of our nation . " Catholic cemetery our , Two weeks ago , President Donald Trump dozen headstones were damaged at a Catholic cemetery in Philadelphia , the Philadelphia mayor ’s spokeswoman Lauren Hitt told CNN . The vandalism at the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery did n’t appear to target a Philadelphia group of people , and the investigation into that case is ongoing , Hitt said .   The cemetery is about two miles away from the Jewish cemetery . More bomb threats , Bomb threats have the Philadelphia mayor’s spokeswoman Lauren Hitt recently plagued Jewish Catholic cemetery with a new wave of them Monday the Holy Redeemer Catholic Cemetery were called into 13 Jewish community centers and eight Jewish day schools in Alabama , Delaware , Florida , Indiana , Bomb threats , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island and Virginia , said JCCA . No bombs were found . Since the first of the year , there have been 90 incidents at 73 locations in 30 states and one Canadian province , the association said . "   of this nature should not and must not be allowed to endure in our communities , " from David Posner the JCC Association of strategic performance at the JCC Association , said in a statement .   On February 20 , it was discovered that more than 100 headstones had been toppled at the Chesed Shel Emeth Society cemetery in the St. Louis suburb of University City , police said .   Vice President Mike Pence and Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens visited the cemetery and condemned the vandalism . 
 the Chesed Shel Emeth Society cemetery in the St. Louis suburb of University City 