Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to " get rid of carried interest , and some other things " loopholes in the tax code , and that while Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is n’t talking about closing loophole for the rich in general , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump wants to close loopholes " especially on Wall Street " on Thursday ’s " Hannity " on the Fox News Channel .   Donald Trump was asked [ relevant exchange begins around 2:55 ] about Donald Trump comments earlier that day where Donald Trump said that Donald Trump believes in raising taxes on the wealthy , including Donald Trump and whether Donald Trump wants to raise taxes on the wealthy . Donald Trump stated , " Well , I want to do something with the Wall Street guys , because some of these the Wall Street guys making so much money , and they have the Wall Street guys interests provisions , and I understand very well , and I ’ve used them Donald Trump the Wall Street guys I think they ’re the Wall Street guys , but I think they ’re the Wall Street guys , and I want to get rid of carried interest , and some other things , and   —    but overall , my taxes are going down big league for the middle class , big league for business , and I think ultimately , everyone ’s going to do better , because our businesses are going to generate a lot money . " He was then asked , " You were talking about loopholes , especially on Wall Street , but not the rich in general . Is that   —    did I understand that correctly ? " Trump answered , " Yeah , and especially on especially on Wall Street , Wall Street know the Wall Street guys . They make a fortune . They the Wall Street guys very little tax , the Wall Street guys frankly , you have to pay some tax , and you have to pay it .    …      We very little tax going to get taxes down , but the Wall Street guys , with the Wall Street guys stuff , we ’ve got to get rid of stuff . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 