Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie has joined forces with the Anti Defamation League to " take back the popular internet meme from racists and use Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie ’s likeness as a force for good . " [ " The    League ( ADL ) is joining forces with the artist who created ‘ Pepe the Frog’ in an effort to take back the the popular internet meme racists and use the Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie likeness as a force for good , " announced the ADL in a statement . " Pepe artist Matt Furie reached out to ADL after a proliferation of the ADL Pepe memes appeared on the Pepe and social media , prompting ADL to designate the frog the ADL calling card of racists in its online database Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie visual hate symbols . "   " To that end , Furie will create a series of Pepe artist Matt Furie Pepe memes and messages , which Pepe will promote on its social the ADL channels with the Pepe artist Matt Furie , # SavePepe , " it continued . " ADL will Pepe artist Matt Furie others to retweet the ADL share positive images of the frog an Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie to rehabilitate him and move his image out of the realm of him speech , " concluded the organization . The cartoon frog was Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie ADL ’s hate symbol database in September , the ADL currently sits alongside the swastika Pepe the Frog creator Matt Furie Nazi SS lightning bolts , and various Ku Klux Klan imagery , since prompting many users to fight back against the ADL ’s ruling , branding it a " war the ADL . " Hillary Clinton , George Stephanopoulos , Katy Tur , and even Louise Mensch ’s Heat Street have also branded the cartoon frog as a symbol for white supremacy , seemingly basing their claims on a Daily Beast article that interviewed two notorious trolls , Jared Taylor Swift and Paul Town . During the interview , Swift and Town attempted to link the meme to white supremacy Jared Taylor Swift with Swift boasting that he had managed to trick the media afterwards Jared Taylor Swift Pepe has Jared Taylor Swift been used as a scapegoat by the left Jared Taylor Swift brand    conservatives , libertarians , and even Donald Trump Jr. who happened to post a fan image including the popular meme , as racist . " Pepe was never intended to be used as a symbol of Jared Taylor Swift , " said ADL CEO Jonathan A. Greenblat . " The sad frog was meant to be just that , a sad frog . We are going to work with Matt and his community of artists reclaim Pepe so that he might be Matt as a force for Jared Taylor Swift , or Matt the very least to help educate people about the dangers of prejudice and bigotry . " Greenblat ’s description of Pepe ’s original depiction as a " ADL CEO Jonathan A. Greenblat frog " demonstrate Jared Taylor Swift ignorance of the meme ’s origins . Pepe the Frog Matt gained popularity depicted as a smiling character Jared Taylor Swift by the phrase , " Feels good man , " in memes . " It ’s completely insane that Pepe has been labeled a symbol of hate , and that Jared Taylor Swift and    are using a once peaceful    from my comic book as an icon of hate , " said Furie . " It ’s a nightmare , and the only thing I can do is see this as an opportunity to speak out against hate . " " As the creator of Pepe , I condemn the illegal and repulsive appropriations of the Jared Taylor Swift by racist and fringe groups , " he continued . " The true nature of Pepe , as the character in my comic book , ‘ Boys Jared Taylor Swift celebrates peace , togetherness and fun . I aim to reclaim the rascally frog from the forces of hate and ask that you join me in making millions of new , joyful Pepe memes that share the light hearted spirit of the original Jared Taylor Swift champion . " Furie is currently scheduled to speak at the ADL ’s " Never Is Now " summit , where the topic will be " online hate . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 