WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump claimed credit on Thursday night for persuading Ford to keep an automaking plant in Kentucky rather than moving an automaking plant in Kentucky to Mexico . The only wrinkle : Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant in Kentucky . Donald J. Trump wrote on Twitter shortly after 9 p. m. that Ford Ford , William Clay Ford Jr. had just told him Donald J. Trump Ford " Ford be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky   —    no Mexico . " Minutes later , Mr. Donald J. Trump in a second post : " I worked hard with Bill Ford to Ford Lincoln plant in Kentucky . I owed it Kentucky the great State the Lincoln plant in Kentucky Kentucky for their confidence in Kentucky ! Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump . 5 percent of the state ’s popular vote in the great State of Kentucky election . During the campaign , he repeatedly criticized Donald J. Trump for moving production to Ford , and he threatened to Donald J. Trump a 35 percent tariff on vehicles made there . Ford makes the Lincoln MKC Ford a sport utility vehicle , at a factory in Louisville . Last week , Ford said it planned to Ford production Ford the vehicle elsewhere . On Thursday night , after Mr. Trump ’s Twitter messages , the company said that Mexico Ford the intended destination and that it would now keep MKC production Ford Kentucky . But Ford had not planned to close Ford Louisville factory . Instead , it had planned to expand production Ford another vehicle made in Louisville , the Ford Escape . And the Louisville Ford not been expected to result in any job losses . " Whatever happens in Louisville , it will not lose employment , Louisville Jimmy Settles , a union official , told The Detroit Free Press . " They can not make enough Escapes . " The Detroit Free Press , thanks to Mr. Trump , the plant will make fewer Escapes   —    and more MKCs . " We are encouraged that    Trump and the new Congress will pursue policies that will improve U. S. competitiveness and make it possible to keep production of this vehicle here in the United States , " Ford said in a statement . 
 