Sen. Marco Rubio will seek    in Florida . [ Sen. Marco Rubio Florida reports in an interview with the Miami Herald , citing the importance of holding a Republican Senate majority for his decision Sen. Marco Rubio   " I think that the point that really drove me to change my mind is that as we enter this kind of new chapter in our history we is , there ’s another role the Senate plays that I think can be really important in the years to come , " Rubio said Sen. Marco Rubio " And that ’s the power given to it in the Constitution to act as a check and balance on the excess of the president . It ’s even more important given the fact that control of the Senate the Senate well come down to what happens in the Florida race . " " Poll data shows that Marco Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio far the best in holding onto his Senate seat Sen. Marco Rubio Florida the Senate " he Florida on Sen. Marco Rubio in May. " Important to keep the MAJORITY . Run Marco ! " " The prospect of a Trump presidency is also worrisome to me in many Sen. Marco Rubio , " he said . Sen. Marco Rubio It ’s no secret that I have significant disagreements with Donald . " Sen. Marco Rubio ’s announcement will upend the GOP primary contest to replace him : Two    Rubio , Florida Lt . Gov. Carlos    and U. S. Rep. Ron DeSantis , are expected to drop out of the race . DeSantis could run for U. S. Rep. Ron DeSantis House again . Two other competitors , Sarasota developer Carlos Beruff and Orlando defense contractor Todd Wilcox , remain   —    though Rubio would become the instant   . A Qunnipiac poll released this morning showed that Rubio currently leads potential Rubio challenger Rep. Patrick Murphy by seven points and Rep. Alan Grayson by eight points . All other Republican primary challengers were polling behind their prospective Democratic challengers All other Republican primary challengers It is unclear whether all of Rubio ’s potential Republican Rubio would abandon their campaigns . Rep. Rubio’s potential Republican challengers Jolly dropped out of the Florida Senate primary race on Friday . Rep. Ron DeSantis and Florida Lt . Gov. Carlos    have indicated that they would bow out Rep. Ron DeSantis and Florida Lt. Gov. Carlos    the race if Rubio the Florida Senate primary race 
 Rubio’s 