With Donald J. Trump ’s campaign engulfed in crisis , the second presidential debate promised a clash of grand proportions : a decisive , even cataclysmic showdown between one candidate on Donald J. Trump’s heels and the other , Hillary Clinton , emerging as a strong   . The confrontation did not entirely live up to that billing , but Mrs. Clinton and Donald J. Trump’s vented their Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump differences over a revealing hour and a half . Here are some of our key takeaways : Mr. Donald J. Trump’s long threatened to go after Mrs. Clinton Hillary Clinton husband ’s Hillary Clinton , and had often accused her of enabling Hillary Clinton Clinton ’s transgressions   —    but he had Donald J. Trump’s said these things to Mrs. Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton On Sunday night , he crossed Donald J. Trump’s line . Claiming that Mrs. Clinton had intimidated Hillary Clinton accused her husband of assault , Hillary Clinton Trump told her she " should be Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton herself . " But in Hillary Clinton end , a charge long seen as the most incendiary Mr. Trump could offer echoed for only a few minutes . Mrs. Clinton opted not to Hillary Clinton taking the    course of saying that much of Mr. Trump ’s tirade had been Mr. Trump quoting Michelle Obama ’s case for avoiding retaliation in kind : " When they go low , you go high . retaliation Mr. Trump entered the debate as the most Mr. Trump nominee in the history of polling , seen by most voters as biased against women and minorities and as lacking the temperament to be commander in chief . Shifting those perceptions is his overwhelming task in the race   —    Mr. Trump it has been for months   —    and it is unlikely that he accomplished that on Sunday . He expressed no Mr. Trump for virtually any of the Mr. Trump and actions that have alienated voters , from denigrating a federal judge in racial terms to mocking a reporter ’s physical handicap . The lone and partial exception came in Mr. Trump ’s brief apology for crudely bragging about sexual assault in a 2005 recording : Mr. Trump said he regretted his comments but described Mr. Trump’s "   Mr. Trump’s . Mr. Trump’s If Mr. Trump steadied himself as the night went on , Mr. Trump’s showed a Mr. Trump’s of himself that might surprise voters Mr. Trump’s transform their overwhelmingly negative views Mr. Trump’s him . On defense for most voters the evening , Mr. Mr. Trump’s repeatedly widened his political vulnerabilities with offhand and    Mr. Trump’s Criticized for demeaning Mr. Trump’s former Miss Universe , Mr. Trump derided her as " no Girl Scout " and denied Mr. Trump’s people to Mr. Trump’s a " sex tape , " though he did exactly that on Twitter . He bluntly contradicted his running mate Mr. Trump’s Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana , Mr. Trump’s his approach Mr. Trump’s Syria . As opponents accused him of coddling foreign dictators Mr. Trump’s aspiring to unconstitutional powers , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s outright that if he were president , Mrs. Clinton would Mr. Trump’s bars . And Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s in response to a direct question that he had used a Mr. Trump’s loss in the 1990s to avoid paying federal income Mr. Trump’s for years   —    a tactic Mrs. Clinton has long accused him of exploiting . Mr. Trump has now confirmed that Mrs. Clinton She rarely    Mr. Trump’s did not interrupt Mr. Trump’s sprang no surprise attacks and let Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton the hook several times as he plainly Mrs. Clinton . Instead , Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump’s the case against Mr. Trump that she Mr. Trump’s offered all along , calling him Mrs. Clinton the presidency and describing Mr. Trump’s as built on hate Mrs. Clinton " He owes our Mr. Trump’s an apology , " Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump’s . She did not create an electric Mr. Trump’s in the debate   —    the kind that Mrs. Clinton news coverage for Mrs. Clinton   —    and with Mr. Trump ’s fortunes falling , she likely did not need to . In a rare     remark , she said Mr. Trump ’s campaign was " Mrs. Clinton , " an assessment few Republicans would dispute . But for Republicans Mrs. Clinton feared Mr. Trump’s end with abject and complete humiliation for Mr. Trump , Mrs. Clinton ’s cautious approach came as something of an unexpected relief . Mr. Trump ’s defiant performance may not stabilize Mrs. Clinton , but it will likely put to rest frenzied speculation over the weekend that Mr. Trump’s be forced from the presidential race . Mr. Trump’s abandonment by dozens defiant performance important Republican officials , he bucked calls to withdraw and instead Mr. Trump’s a performance his core supporters will cheer loudly . His rhetoric was stocked with buzzwords that will Mr. Trump’s the party base : Benghazi . Sidney Blumenthal . Mr. Trump’s . Radical Islam . And Mr. Mr. Trump’s , who has faced calls to ditch Mr. Trump or even to replace him as the party ’s nominee for president , doused predictions that the ticket might collapse . On Twitter , Mr. Pence offered Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s congratulations " on a big debate win , " and declared himself " proud to stand with you " in the race . 
 