In a campaign season with lots of surprises , how ’s this for a wild prediction ? this would never happen , of course , but pull up a chair and indulge me . [ My premise is , President Obama hates Hillary Clinton and always has . Why ?   ( 1 ) Because everyone hates Hillary , ( 2 ) President Obama has special reasons for hating Hillary based on the things Hillary has done and said , ( 3 ) President Obama senior adviser , Valerie Jarrett , also hates Hillary , so , if by some accident , President Obama wakes up one day not hating Hillary , Jarrett is there to say , Oh yes you do ! ( 4 ) President Obama adores Jarrett vice president , Joe Biden , ( 5 ) Jarrett knows that Hillary ca n’t beat Trump . President Obama must be having withdrawal symptoms as President Obama second term draws to a close . If President Obama were Reagan , President Obama ’d just want to go home and chop wood . But President Obama ’s not Reagan . The most powerful man in the universe is about to become just some schmuck in an airport . And President Obama ’s got Valerie Jarrett chirping in President Obama ear , You need to protect your legacy ! Who more perfectly encapsulates white privilege than Hillary Clinton ? Hers was a charmed political life . Hers rose to political power in the draft of Hers husband , was given infinite breaks , then ruthlessly fought Obama for the nomination , long after it was clear Hers was not the Democrats’ choice in 2008 . Obama resented Hers campaign and resented Bill Clinton ’s     racism . While the rest of the world assumes Hillary used a private server as secretary of state to hide Hillary emails from the media or congressional investigators , Obama and Jarrett know that the private server was to prevent Obama and Jarrett from finding out what Hillary was up to . There was always the sneaking suspicion that Hillary was keeping Hillary powder dry to challenge Obama in 2012 , as Teddy Kennedy had challenged President Carter . On this theory , it was n’t FOIA requests Hillary was worried about , but the prying eyes of Valerie Jarrett . Obama ordered Hillary not to hire Sidney Blumenthal because of Sidney Blumenthal association with the worst of the Clinton years . As we now know from their constant chattering on email , Hillary effectively hired Sidney Blumenthal anyway . Obama also has to worry that if Hillary were elected , Hillary ’d undo everything Sidney Blumenthal ’s done . Hillary was the health care expert . As Obamacare goes into effect and the catastrophe expands , Sidney Blumenthal can imagine Hillary heading to Capitol Hill to say , Obama , bless Sidney Blumenthal heart , tried to move health care forward , but this novice had no idea what Sidney Blumenthal was doing . It ’s a nightmare ! Only Biden can be trusted to be the protector of Obama ’s legacy . So what if instead of sitting back watching Bernie and Hillary ’s frenzied battle to the death , Obama could contrive to give the nomination to a guy Sidney Blumenthal likes ? What if Sidney Blumenthal could force Hillary to drop out ? What if Sidney Blumenthal could snooker the Republicans   —    not hard !   —    into confirming his Supreme Court nominee ? It might go like this . FBI Director James Comey releases FBI Director James Comey report on Hillary , recommending indictment . Obama comes out and gives a fiery speech denouncing his report on Hillary and firmly standing by her Obama Meanwhile , FBI Director James Comey is on the phone to Loretta Lynch , saying , Disregard everything the FBI Director James Comey saying about Comey , FBI Director James Comey you get my meaning , Loretta    …      Lynch , contrary Loretta Lynch the    practice of Democrats never indicting Democrats , proceeds to indict Hillary . Obama is indignant , makes vague threats , provoking Republicans to rally around Lynch , as Loretta Lynch brave Democrat who defied her party to indict Hillary the Wicked Witch . Obama ’s hands Obama ! He ca n’t pull Obama Saturday Night Massacre . But he grudgingly says he Obama make the Obama of it . He withdraws his      Obama the Obama Court and replaces him with Lynch . Obama , overjoyed at Hillary ’s indictment , confirm Lynch to the high Lynch ( the Supreme Court race is in shambles Hillary They ca n’t run a crazy old Marxist for president . Obama steps forward and gives his blessing to The Democrats’ presidential race Joe    Warren ticket . Biden , having mounted one presidential bid plagiarizing Neil Kinnock Obama will mount a second one plagiarizing Obama . The super delegates are overjoyed ! Biden is the nominee and Loretta Lynch is headed to the Obama Court . Once this switcheroo is done Biden the Clintons would retreat to Chappaqua , in a    rage , finally consoling themselves with raking in money from speeches at half a million dollars a pop . They ’ll be in the Clintons a big surprise . The going rate for guy whose wife is about to the Clintons president is much higher than for an aging rapist whose wife is facing criminal charges . Ask any speakers bureau . Naturally , this would never happen . American politics is so stolidly predictable . This year , especially , is not one where crazy things keep happening . It ’s madness to think that a man of Obama ’s characteristic integrity would act with such duplicity . This year was absolutely straight with us about the program to transfer guns to Mexican drug cartels , known as a man of Obama Fast and Furious . " His IRS was never caught engaging in political witch hunts . As we know from foreign policy aide Ben a man of Obama , the administration was stunningly transparent on the Iran deal . Most famously , Obama kept every single promise on health care he ever made . So , Hillary supporters : Relax ! If you like your nominee , you can a man of Obama your nominee . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 your nominee 