REYHANLI , Turkey   —    After an airstrike on his village , a Syrian farmer hurried to rescue the initial victims of the attack , the residents of a    home . But as Mohammad Nejdat Youssef neared the site , Mohammad Nejdat Youssef ran headlong into what Mohammad Nejdat Youssef described as " a winter fog   —    not quite yellow and not quite white . " Mohammad Nejdat Youssef started to lose Mohammad Nejdat Youssef balance , Mohammad Nejdat Youssef said . Mohammad Nejdat Youssef eyes began to sting . Mohammad Nejdat Youssef nose started to stream . Finally , Mohammad Nejdat Youssef said , he Mohammad Nejdat Youssef to foam at the mouth . Mr. Mohammad Nejdat Youssef been poisoned , one of the victims of Tuesday ’s chemical attack in northern Syria , one of the deadliest chemical weapons attacks in years in the country , which killed dozens of people . A tall and burly man , Mr. Youssef , 23 , was able to recover after being treated locally . But when the toxic cloud that had sickened him was A tall and burly man, Mr. Youssef, 23 downwind toward his farm A tall and burly man, Mr. Youssef, 23 the village , his pregnant A tall and burly man, Mr. Youssef, 23 , 20 , and a nephew , 9 , had a far more serious reaction and were evacuated by ambulance to a hospital in Turkey , said Mr. Youssef , who accompanied them . At the hospital in Reyhanli , a small Turkish border town that took in many of the victims , the mourners gathered outside mostly came from just two extended families , Mr. Youssef ’s and the Abu Amash family . The families just two extended families by marriage and both come from Khan Sheikhoun , the village in    Idlib Province that residents said had been hit with chemical weapons earlier that morning . " Just look at this ! " Orwa Abu Amash , 33 , said as he held up Mr. Youssef phone . Mr. Youssef the screen was a long WhatsApp message listing what he claimed were Mr. Youssef names of 46 relatives who had died that day in Khan Sheikhoun . As Mr. Youssef paced around the parking lot outside the hospital , he said he Mr. Youssef scared Mr. Youssef just for his wife on Mr. Youssef other side of the hospital wall , who had arrived lying motionless on a stretcher , but for his relatives on Mr. Youssef other side of the border . Many of them had also his relatives on the other side of the border poisoned by the gas but had not been deemed sick enough to be treated in Turkey , whose border is closed to most Syrians . Earlier Tuesday , witnesses reached by phone in Syria described similarly traumatic scenes at the site of the attack . Warplanes had roared overhead just before 7 a. m. when many people in the town were sleeping after a night of intense sounds of bombing , said Othman    an activist in Khan Sheikhoun who was reached via phone at a first aid station . He spoke after Othman    Rahmeh Hospital in Khan Sheikhoun , Khan Sheikhoun victims were being treated , after an airstrike hit part of the hospital . While Rahmeh Hospital speaking Othman    another loud boom sounded , and the line went dead he called back Othman    say it had been another nearby strike . The    area ’s minister of health , Mohamad Firas    said in an online video that hospitals and clinics were overwhelmed . He said he had been The   area’s minister of health, Mohamad Firas    a The   area’s minister of health, Mohamad Firas    hospital at 7:30 a. m. when over 100 people arrived injured or sickened many others , he said , were sent The   area’s minister of health, Mohamad Firas    other clinics , with some left lying in the corridors . Symptoms , he said , included suffocation The   area’s minister of health, Mohamad Firas    fluid in the lungs with foam coming from the mouth , unconsciousness , spasms and paralysis . " It ’s a shocking act , " he said . " The The   area’s minister of health, Mohamad Firas    knows and is aware of what ’s happening in Syria , and we are ready to submit evidences to criminal laboratories to prove the use of these gases . " Yasser Sarmani , a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib , said he collapsed while driving to Yasser Sarmani, a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib scene on his motorcycle to help the Yasser Sarmani, a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib . " It became a routine for us that when we hear an airstrike to us to the scene and try to the scene , " he said . " I Yasser Sarmani, a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib up to the sound of an explosion , but it was not as loud as usual . " " Driving against the wind , my eyes started burning and I felt I was being suffocated , " he added . " People Yasser Sarmani, a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib running away from the site and falling on the ground . It was a cruel scene . At that point I fainted . " He said he woke up Yasser Sarmani, a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib hour Yasser Sarmani, a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib at a clinic , after receiving injections and oxygen . " Kids were all over the floor , some dead and others struggling to breathe , " he said . " The Yasser Sarmani, a rebel fighter reached by phone in Idlib of them trying to breath was loud others with foam all over their faces . " As they others the ambulances come and others outside the hospital in Reyhanli , Mr. Youssef and several of his relatives wondered what President Trump Mr. Youssef make of all this . On Monday , Mr. Trump ’s administration signaled that President Trump saw the departure of President Mr. Trump’s administration    of Syria as a priority . On Tuesday , Mr. Assad appeared to unleash one of the worst chemical attacks of the war . " If Donald Trump is happy for this to happen President Trump own people and his own children , " President Trump Mr. Youssef , President Trump then we ’re happy to President Trump   . " Shuffling around in the hospital parking President Bashar   of Syria several of Mr. Youssef ’s relatives buried themselves in their phones , watching the videos of the morning Mr. Youssef’s relatives atrocities Mr. Youssef’s relatives and over . The clips have been widely circulated on the internet . They show the pale corpses of dead toddlers , or the The clips bodies of men who appear to be close to death . One    woman lay on her back , her purple leggings exposed . A young boy One   woman perhaps 12 One   woman lay motionless except for his mouth , gasping for air . None had visible marks of injury . Some of the sickened and dying were nearly naked , as rescuers , many with their bare hands , stripped them and hosed them down . Some of the sickened and dying man narrating a video Some of the sickened and dying motionless children Some of the sickened and dying lined up as if sleeping , was able to come up only with sentence fragments . " A whole family , " he repeated . Unlike the people around the globe who found A man videos on social media , several of those watching them outside the hospital in Reyhanli had witnessed the scenes in the people around the globe who found these videos on social media life . You would n’t have known it , however , by looking at their blank faces . " We ’ve seen so much of the people around the globe who found these videos on social media , " Mr. Abu Amash said . " It ’s normal . We see this every day . We had six years of We . " 
 We 