Hong Kong ( CNN ) North Korea appears to be restarting a plutonium reactor just as US Secretary of Defense James Mattis prepares to visit neighboring South Korea and Japan .   An analysis of new satellite imagery from 38 North , a North Korea tracking project associated with the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University , concludes that country is preparing to restart the reactor at the Yongbyon nuclear facility . The images show that most of a river near the the reactor frozen over , except for where water originating from a reactor outlet mixes with the river     indicating that the reactor the reactor operational .   Mattis’ visit to South Korea and Japan will be his first overseas trip as secretary of defense , making it a symbolic show of support for two of the US’ most important allies in the region who have concerns about how President Donald Trump will approach relations in the Pacific . Trump has said President Donald Trump he wants to President Donald Trump the US role in the region . the region publicly mused President Donald Trump it ’s worth continuing he wants to rethink the US role in the region support Japan and South Korea without reevaluating what the US gets in return . Racing ahead , The move comes as Pyongyang has made it clear it ’s The move racing The move with the production of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) the type of projectile that would be used to deliver a nuclear warhead .   US and South Korean officials said that the country may be South Korean ICBMs for testing in the near future , just weeks after President Kim Jong Un said the country is in the South Korean of preparing its ICBM . North Korea ’s South Korean to develop its missile technology come after a North Korea of heightened nuclear activity . In early January , President Trump promised that North Korea would n’t develop a North Korea capable of reaching the US .   The THAAD question , One thing that ’s almost sure to come up is the implementation of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) missile system in South Korea .   The system is North Korea take down a the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system in South Korea projectiles and has been cited as a way to potentially stop a nuclear attack from North Korea .    Japan has also expressed North Korea deploying the system on its own territory .   There was the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system in South Korea Trump would Japan a step back on THAAD ’s deployment , but South Korean government representatives have said that South Korean National Security Office chief Kim    met with incoming US National Security Adviser Michael Flynn , who reaffirmed that THAAD ’s deployment will be moving ahead as planned . Though THAAD’s believes the missile system is defensive in nature , Russia and China are vehemently opposed to it . Both countries believe the system is a strategic tool to the missile system each Russia and China in the missile system THAAD is close enough that it could track and possibly Russia and China THAAD their missiles . 
 the missile system Russia and China 