Estero , Florida ( CNN ) Donald Trump , speaking two days after the latest terrorist attack on US soil , sought to paint Donald Trump rival Hillary Clinton as a " weak and ineffective " leader not prepared to confront the threat of radical Islamic terrorism , as Donald Trump talked up Donald Trump radical policy prescriptions . The Republican presidential nominee , addressing more than 8 , 000 people at Donald Trump first rally since the bomb attacks in New York and New Jersey , talked up Donald Trump hardline immigration policies , argued domestic terror suspects , even US citizens , should be tried as " foreign enemy combatants "     rather than receive due process under US law .   Donald Trump also slammed Clinton for what Donald Trump said was being tougher on Donald Trump supporters than on Islamist terrorism . " Clinton talks tougher about my his supporters she Clinton about radical Islamic terrorists , " Trump said , pointing to Clinton Clinton that half his supporters Clinton in a " basket of deplorables . " " Has she ever Clinton that way about radical Islam ? No , " Trump said . Trump Are those words reserved only for    Americans who truly love our country and they want to make a statement ? One can be forgiven for getting the impression that these hardworking Americans are somehow a greater threat to our country than our country extremists . " Clinton has , in fact , discussed terrorism . Earlier in the day , she touted her national Clinton experience Clinton serving as secretary of state , saying she would " launch Clinton intelligence surge " and that she would put more Clinton " training and intelligence they need to effectively intelligence and respond to terrorist attacks . "   Rather than the policies of President Barack Obama ’s administration , which Trump argued are responsible for the threat of terrorism , Trump called once again Trump a radical rethinking of counterterrorism policies in the US . He emphasized the need Trump " extreme vetting " and again called for a ban on immigrants from countries that are hotbeds of terrorism     the latest iteration of his ban on Muslims Trump while arguing that " immigration security is national security . " " My opponent has the most open borders policy of anyone ever to seek the presidency , " Trump said . And championing the cause of many hawkish conservatives , Trump appeared to argue Trump terrorist suspects captured on US soil like Ahmad Khan Rahami , the New York and New Jersey bombing suspect who was apprehended earlier Monday , should be treated as " foreign enemy combatants . "    Rahami is a naturalized US citizen who under current law is entitled to due process rights . " Congress should pass measures to ensure that foreign enemy combatants are treated as such . These are enemies . These are combatants and These have to be tough and we have to be we , " Trump said . Those comments came after Trump lamented the fact Trump Rahami would be treated Rahami and in accordance with the law . " He will be taken Rahami of by some of the best doctors in the world . He will be given Rahami fully modern and updated hospital room . And he ’ll probably even Rahami room service , knowing the way our country is , " Trump said . " Trump must also use whatever lawful methods are available to obtain information from the apprehended suspect to get information before it ’s no longer information , " he added . Trump Rahami responded to Trump ’s accusations earlier Monday that Trump and his harsh Trump against Trump has been a recruiting tool for ISIS . Clinton had said : Clinton I think it is important for voters to know and hear this and weigh it in making their this in November voters We know that a lot of the rhetoric we ’ve heard from We Trump has been seized on by terrorists , in particular ISIS . Because they ISIS looking to a lot of the rhetoric we’ve heard from Donald Trump has been seized on by terrorists, in particular ISIS this into a war against Islam . " " Her attacks on me are all meant to deflect from her record of unleashing Her monster of evil on us , " Trump said . Instead Donald Trump Trump boomeranged Clinton ’s Donald Trump back at her , arguing that Clinton and President Barack Clinton ’s policies have helped ISIS ’s recruiting efforts . " Weakness invites aggression and silence in the face of a brutal enemy . .. allows them to spread and a brutal enemy ’s what ’s happening all over the world , " Trump said . The Republican nominee also speculated , without evidence , that if Obama could do it President Barack Obama he would n’t choose The Republican nominee to serve in his Cabinet . 
 The Republican nominee 