’’ ’Donald Trump announced during a    address Tuesday that ’Donald Trump will deliver a " major speech " on the Clintons next week.’ ’"I am going to give a major speech on probably Monday of next week and we’’re going to be discussing all of the things have taken place with the Clintons , " the presumptive Republican nominee said from his the presumptive Republican nominee " And I think you’’re going to find it very , very interesting . " ’ ’"The last thing we need is Hillary Clinton in the White House , an extension of the Obama disaster , " he added.’ " Trump ’s Tuesday speech , which came on the night of the conclusion of the Republican primaries , struck a general election tone as the Manhattan billionaire ’s campaign hit a major crossroads . " ’The real estate magnate did not address the controversy surrounding his ’The real estate magnate on US District Judge Gonzalo Curiel over his ’The real estate magnate heritage . Trump alleged that Curiel US District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unable to preside over a civil case involving Trump’ ’s      real estate school , Trump University , because he Trump of Mexican Mexican and the billionaire is " building a wall " should he Trump elected in the fall.’ ’Curiel is from Indiana.’ " Republicans from all sides of the party have condemned Trump Trump , which he released Trump statement about on Tuesday . Trump eased Trump on some of the rhetoric in the statement a statement not back away from his line Trump thinking . " ’In his Tuesday Trump , Trump spoke Trump working hard to earn the support of voters who did not cast ballots for him.’ ’"I’’ll work hard to earn your support , and I will work very hard to earn that support , " he said Trump " To all of those Bernie Sanders voters who’’ve been left out in the cold by a rigged system of superdelegates , we welcome you with open arms . " ’ ’"I’’m going to be your champion , " he later Trump . " I’’m going to be America’ ’s champion . " ’ ’Donald Trump announced during a   . .. ’ 
 