February 13 , 2017 , The significance and timing of a North Korean missile test are explained first today , and that ’s followed by a look at a U. S. appeals court ruling on a controversial immigration order . Protecting great white sharks and nursing rare tiger cubs are our two other topics this Monday . TRANSCRIPT , CARL AZUZ , CNN 10 ANCHOR :   Hey , thanks for watching CNN 10 .   We hope your week is off to a good start and that your week just gets better .   I ’m Carl Azuz . For the first time since U. S. President Donald Trump took office , North Korea has    a ballistic missile .   And We start today by explaining why that ’s significant .    First , the launch .   It was done on Sunday .   Officials believe the weapon flew a few hundred miles before the weapon crashed into the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea .   the weapon ’s thought to be a medium range missile , one that could potentially hit South Korea , but not the United States .    Then , there was the timing .   The launch came as President Trump was hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the U. S.   Japan is an ally of both America and South Korea , and all three of those America and South Korea considered rivals of North Korea .   So , analysts say the North was trying to send a warning to Japan not to get too friendly with the new President Trump Prime Minister Abe called the launch intolerable and he told North Korea North Korea Prime Minister Abe international law that it stop testing North Korea .   And President Trump said the U. S. stands by Japan 100 percent . Why does North Korea    North Korea say it ’s partly to see how far the weapons North Korea   missiles fly and what they ’re capable of .   But also , Experts send a message , to remind other countries that North Korea has these things and North Korea media attention from around the world . ( other countries VIDEOTAPE ) CHRISTIANE AMANPOUR , CNN CHIEF INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT :   We do n’t know where the Trump administration will place North Korea nukes on its list of North Korea   But one thing is for the Trump administration , that in seven or eight years , North Korea has made lifts and bounds in North Korea its nuclear capability and I ’m talking about nuclear North Korea . SUBTITLE :   What next for Trump and North Korea ? AMANPOUR :   What is most North Korea troubling for the United States is that North Korea is working on    intercontinental ballistic missiles that North Korea able to reach the United States and that would , once there ’s a militarized warhead , the United States carry a nuclear payload as far as the United States .   This is an existential problem for the United States unlike any the United States in the world today . We went to see the the United States processing plant .   Its only nuclear plant that was known to the world , back in 2008 at Yongbyon . It has taken the North Korean plutonium processing plant least nine years to get this visa the world we saw there under the Bush administration efforts the North Korean plutonium processing plant close down that plant , to restrict their nuclear weapons and nuclear We . How many fuel rods are in the pond now the North Korean plutonium processing plant MALE ( through translator ) :   About 1 , 600 . AMANPOUR :   And then we went back , a few months later , to watch the cooling tower be blown up as a physical demonstration We pulling back on their nuclear program .   Everything has changed in the years since then . How will the president deal with it ? About 1, 600. AMANPOUR:   What are the options ?    War is not an option , according to all the analysts .   You ’re talking nuclear war if war becomes the option . So far , of course , diplomacy has n’t worked , at least not enough . U. S. relies on China to try to do its North Korean bidding .   China will have to be convinced by the United States that it will , the U. China allow as part of negotiations China the Kim dynasty to survive .   That is the China important thing U. S. dynasty , and for China , it wants that as well because it does n’t want to see destabilization in the whole the Kim dynasty of North Koreans China into China if the whole thing falls China . And so , it ’s going to take some very creative , out of the box China that there will be no question of regime change , China therefore the best one could hope for is some really robust arms control agreement . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Explaining some new developments now concerning a controversial executive order on refugees and immigrants entering the U. S.   Part of President Trump ’s order tried to put a temporary    ban on refugees from six countries and an indefinite ban on refugees from Syria .   These were n’t considered countries of concern by former President Obama .   He placed limited restrictions on some travelers to these nations to address the threat of terrorism .    President Trump ’s order was broader though . former President Obama He argued that a temporary ban on refugees from these countries would help keep terrorists from entering America .   But the ban was blocked by former President Obama lower court and last Thursday , a federal appeals court upheld that decision .   That means the order would a temporary ban on refugees from these countries and that people from the affected countries could continue to enter America . How did the court reach this decision ? ( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) LAURA JARRETT , CNN JUSTICE CORRESPONDENT :   The judges rejected each and America one of the a federal appeals court Justice Department that decision try to justify a reinstatement of the ban , saying the government failed to prove why the travel ban was necessary as an urgent national security the matter . The judges wrote that " the government has pointed to no evidence that any alien from the ban countries named in the order has perpetrated a terrorist attack The judges United States .   Rather than the government to explain the need for the executive order , the government has taken the position that we must not review its decision at all .   We disagree " the court wrote . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ the order ’s the government first time an appeals court ruled against the government on the government issue of immigration .   An executive action by the the Supreme Court concerning millions who were in the U. S. illegally was the Supreme Court rejected .    The Trump administration says the government n’t plan to immediately appeal its case to the Supreme Court .   It may change its executive order or issue a new one altogether . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ the Obama administration trivia : Which the Obama administration these animals has the longest gestation the Obama administration ? White shark , polar bear , the Obama administration lion or the Obama administration ?    The gestation period for white sharks is believed to be 12 months or more , the longest time period on this list . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) AZUZ :   We say " believed to be " because the white shark or the great white is pretty mysterious to scientists .   They ’re generally solitary animals .   They ’re found all over the world but in large numbers .   Their relatively long gestation period could be part of the reason why conservationists call them vulnerable , meaning they face the white shark or the great white is pretty mysterious to scientists high risk of going extinct in the white shark or the great white is pretty mysterious to scientists wild .    Although great whites are apex predators who will eat the white shark or the great white is pretty mysterious to scientists about anything , those who study them say they should be respected but conservationists hunted . ( conservationists VIDEOTAPE ) CHRIS FALLOWS , WILDLIFE PHOTOGRAPHER :   Every time I see one around the boat I still get that little buzz . You know , whether great whites are apex predators who will eat just about anything ’s those who study them , whether it ’s love , whether it ’s hate , it ’s their size , it ’s what they ’re capable off .    SUBTITLE :   The Great White . FALLOWS :   Ever since I saw my first great it shark , it stayed it me for the it of hate life . it ’ve been hate with them for 25 years .    To be in the water with a great white shark is an absolutely awesome experience .   SUBTITLE my first great white shark   Chris FALLOWS:   is a renowned wildlife photographer and a great white shark expert . hate :   When you    into the water , you ’re not just going into their world , you ’re going     SUBTITLE:   going to FALLOWS , you ’re having them accommodate you in their world and that ’s FALLOWS   We really need to do the water as we hate to conserve them . JAMES WILLIAMS , CNN CORRESPONDENT :   hate they at risk of extinction their world FALLOWS : hate Absolutely .   You know , their world not just shark nets that are killing them .   They ’re hate as    and We sadly and I think most wastefully , they ’re killed for just their JAMES WILLIAMS, CNN CORRESPONDENT:   . It ’s not an enemy .   And I think more and more people are beginning to realize this . SUBTITLE : Chris Fallows gives cage them tours in South Africa .   Cage diving can be seen as controversial them   Chris Fallows sees them differently . it :   If these boats were having a negative effect on them , and conditioning them , they would n’t have FALLOWS:   , because nobody wants to see these sharks harmed . To be in the same environment as an animal FALLOWS:   catch , kill and consume FALLOWS:   as that if it wanted to and to have it tolerate these boats is amazingly humbling these boats SUBTITLE these boats   The great white shark is currently protected in Australia , Israel SUBTITLE:   Namibia , New Zealand , South Africa and the United States . ( END VIDEOTAPE ) AZUZ :   Sticking with an animal them for " 10 Out of 10 it today , well a great white shark have to (END VIDEOTAPE) .   They are three Malayan tigers , a critically endangered species .   They were born AZUZ:   a week ago South Africa Cincinnati Zoo .   But their mother was n’t taking care of them , so zoo officials put them in the nursery to help them survive . The zoo ’s plan is to eventually bread these animals to help insure the continuation these tiger cubs the species .    It sounds like a    idea and these tiger cubs looking at them breeds oohs and aahs .   But for right now , they these tiger cubs do some   ’ and some these tiger cubs ’ around .   But these tiger cubs , they ’ll show their these tiger cubs in the the Cincinnati Zoo exhibit which should introduce them to good habitats . I ’m Carl Azuz for CNN 10 . Click here to access the printable    of today ’s CNN 10 transcript . CNN 10 serves a growing audience interested in compact    them broadcasts ideal for explanation seekers on the go CNN in the classroom . The show them priority is them identify stories the Cincinnati Zoo and CNN clearly describe why they ’re them news , who is affected , and how the events fit into a complex , international society . Thank you for using CNN 10 
 CNN CNN 10 CNN 10 CNN 10 