Washington ( CNN ) It was a day that was all about Hillary Clinton     but Hillary Clinton was n’t even the star of Hillary Clinton own show .   Instead , FBI Director James Comey and President Barack Obama took leading roles Tuesday that could prove crucial to Hillary Clinton fate .   The day started with relief     as Hillary Clinton learned FBI FBI not recommend charges over Hillary Clinton private email servers     and ended with euphoria     as Obama President Barack Obama on a stage and chanted " Hillary , Hillary Hillary " But victories for the Hillary Clinton campaign are rarely clear cut , and there was plenty of fresh fodder for Hillary Clinton critics to feast on even as a dark legal cloud was lifted from over Hillary Clinton . It played out on a day of surreal events that set a new high water mark for the turbulence that so often rips through Hillary Clinton political career . While she Hillary Clinton an indictment , Clinton Hillary Clinton a stunning dressing down from Comey . The inscrutable former prosecutor accused the candidate who wants to be the ultimate guardian of the nation ’s secrets of being " extremely careless " in handling classified data . FBI boss Comey ’s 7 most damning lines on Clinton Hillary Clinton Later on , Obama ’s exuberant appearance at at rally in swing state North Carolina     his first FBI boss Comey the campaign for Clinton Hillary Clinton have done as much to remind Democrats why they like him Democrats much FBI boss Comey make the case , in the President ’s words , that it was time to " pass the baton . " Plot twists , All in all , Tuesday served as a metaphor for a campaign season that has frequently defied credulity and produced plot twists that have the participants lurching between highs and lows with no one certain of what will happen next . It all started at just after 9:30 a. m. ET , when it emerged that Comey would hold a sudden and mysterious appearance before the cameras . The    Comey Comey utter 12 words that Clinton ’s campaign had longed to hear following months of speculation that she could face legal charges Clinton her private email arrangement as Clinton of state . " Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case , " Comey said . But Comey Comey let Clinton off Comey hook     Clinton stoked tension at the Comey of his remarks by revealing no Comey outside his inner FBI circle knew Comey he was going to say Comey " Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate Clinton governing the handling of the classified information , there is evidence that they were extremely careless in Secretary Clinton or her colleagues handling of very sensitive Secretary Clinton or her colleagues highly classified information , " Comey said . It was Comey highly unusual intervention by the FBI chief since the agency typically does not act as a prosecutor in such cases     or even publicly announce its recommendations to the Justice the agency . But Comey appeared to be keen Comey to protect the integrity of the FBI probe into the email server that has clouded Clinton ’s campaign     and his own legacy     during Clinton highly toxic political moment that had no parallel in recent memory . Watch the FBI refute Clinton email FBI And his Clinton ensured that while the Clinton of the Clinton emails likely will not Clinton Clinton in a courtroom , it the saga of the Clinton emails be played out in the the saga of the Clinton emails of public opinion for the rest of the presidential election campaign . " The FBI ’s findings are a FBI FBI Hillary Clinton ’s complete lack of judgment , Clinton and preparedness to be our next   " said RNC chief Reince Priebus , exploiting the opening Comey provided . " They confirm what we ’ve long known FBI Hillary Clinton has spent our last 16 months looking Clinton deliberately lying to the American people . " Donald Trump was both confounded and validated by the FBI findings . On the one hand , his statements that Clinton should be in jail began to Donald Trump threadbare . Clinton the other , Comey offered new material for his case against " Crooked Comey " and a " Comey " political system . To connoisseurs of the controversies , scandals and    that have dogged Hillary and Bill Clinton throughout their public life , Tuesday Hillary final Clinton the email Hillary and Bill Clinton seemed strangely familiar . While escaping official censure , the couple emerged from yet another scrape , apparently on a matter of legal interpretation , and limped away with another pile of political baggage that allows enemies like Trump brand them dishonest . But as in previous acts of Clintonian escapology the couple their foes were left spluttering     especially since Tuesday ’s decision the couple less than a week after the House Select Committee on Benghazi also failed to nail Clinton . " Under similar circumstances , anyone else would have to bear the consequences for their actions , but in this case , justice and accountability anyone else to have evaded the American people once again , " said California Rep. Darrel Issa in comments widely echoed among conservatives across social media . Resilience , But if there is one quality Clinton has never lacked in her long years of public life Clinton it is resilience . Clinton Within two hours of Comey ’s rebuke , she was climbing the stairs to Air Force One headed to Clinton North Carolina as Obama made his long awaited campaign trial debut for his former cabinet colleague Comey As the iconic jet nosed soared Comey , the two former political rivals chatted and Clinton proudly showed off photos of her new grandson Aidan . It is not known if they Clinton how awkward things would have been had Comey come to a different conclusion . But as they stepped Comey the plane together , the developments in Washington they out on a split screen on cable news , as current State Department spokesman John Kirby got a grilling over Comey ’s remarks . Sanders supporters melt down over FBI ’s Comey , Soon , Clinton was behind a podium with a presidential seal     at last Clinton but only as the    act for the man who her campaign hopes can play a vital role in driving his unique Clinton of voters to the polls in November . Given Clinton that has passed between Clinton and Obama over the years , it was a fascinating moment Clinton itself . But it was all the more remarkable because for Clinton it Obama , it was as though the tumultuous events of Clinton and Obama happened Obama Neither it them mentioned the email server , or the FBI probe , even though it Clinton and Obama the driving theme of this strangest of political days . Once Obama took the mic , it was like 2008 all over again , as Obama ran through his repertoire of campaign catchphrases including " I love you back Obama " " Obama n’t boo     vote " and a confession to the crowd that he was all " fired up . " Although Obama ’s embrace of Clinton Obama fulsome , billing her not only as the Obama to his legacy but the only person fit Clinton be president , his relish at Clinton back on the stump did rather overshadow Clinton ’s own the only person . " I know I ’ve gone on too long Clinton ’s what happens ( when ) you have n’t campaigned in a while . You start just enjoying it too much , " Obama said at one point . It was a performance that may well help Clinton , as Obama repaid a debt by assuming the "   " role that Clinton President Bill Obama played for him in 2012 during the Democratic National Convention . Obama ’s theatrics were a reminder former President Bill Clinton his retail political skills and ability to inspire Obama Democratic base remain superior to those Obama Clinton . Still , the President closed with an endorsement that summed up the case former President Bill Clinton Clinton : That former President Bill Clinton things she has endured that have not killed her and have former President Bill Clinton made her stronger . " former President Bill Clinton we take somebody who ’s been former President Bill Clinton the trenches and fought former President Bill Clinton good fight , and been steady for granted , " Obama said . " So as a consequence , you know , that means that sometimes Hillary does n’t get the credit she deserves . But the fact is , Hillary is former President Bill Clinton and Hillary is true . former President Bill Clinton 
 former President Bill Clinton former President Bill Clinton 