Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump called on Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to resign early Wednesday morning , joining an outpouring of criticism that is giving a divided Republican Party a fresh common target . " Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about Donald Trump . Her mind is shot    resign ! Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Donald Trump tweeted . But other top Republicans who have never shied away from criticizing liberal Supreme Court rulings are n’t going as the U. S. Supreme Court to say Ginsburg should quit . Justice Ruth Bader Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg intensifies criticism of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’m not prepared to say that , " Texas Sen. John Cornyn , Senate majority whip , told CNN . " I think she should reconsider and change her course of conduct because Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg think she ’s got Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg an area that is out of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg control .. And that I think will reflect poorly Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg only on her but on the objectivity that we request and demand Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of our federal judiciary . " Sen. Orrin Hatch , the senior we of the Judiciary Committee and    GOP senator , said : " Those comments were inappropriate . On the other hand , she ’s reached a point in her life that she Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to say whatever she wants Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . " Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg     Hatch added : Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg The older we get the more crusty we can be . " Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley , we would not call on Grassley that it was the wrong statement , she ought to apologize for it , she ought to withdraw it , " Grassley said Wednesday Ginsburg asked about Trump ’s it was the wrong statement . Ginsburg Texas Sen. Ted it was the wrong statement , Trump ’s old primary rival and a sharp critic of Ginsburg , stopped short of calling her Trump’s . " Her comments were obviously inappropriate , Ginsburg Cruz said in the Capitol Ginsburg   When unelected judges Ginsburg to impose their own policy views . Even Texas Sen. Ted Cruz it ’s wrong and it ’s dangerous . " Ginsburg , in unelected judges interview Monday evening with CNN legal analyst and Supreme it biographer Joan Biskupic , called Trump a " faker " and said he had " no consistency about him . " The liberal justice made similar remarks to The Associated a "faker" and The New York Times a "faker" recent days . Democrats have largely given her a pass so far . Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid declined to answer directly when asked about Supreme Court biographer Joan Biskupic on Tuesday . Reid emphasized Senate Republicans’ refusal to consider President Barack Obama ’s choice to fill an open seat , Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid Garland .   " I ’m not going to comment on what any of the eight Supreme Court justices say , " he told reporters . When asked about the firestorm , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest replied , Ginsburg She did n’t earn the nickname the notorious RBG for nothing . " Earnest said he declined to White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest    pointing to past precedent . " In the past I ’ve White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest asked White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest controversial comments from other Supreme Court justices , earlier     I do n’t know if it was early this year or at Supreme Court of last year when Justice Scalia made some comments in an open Supreme Court hearing that many found to be quite controversial , possibly even racist , " Earnest said , Supreme Court comments Scalia made in December regarding black college students . " At that point I White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest to weigh into that criticism . I think I ’ll pursue a similar approach in this instance . " Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , ranking Democrat on the Judiciary panel , said : " I guess ( Trump ) was upset because she pointed out that he lied about disclosing his tax returns . So I ’ll let them worry about that Trump) " I do Trump) recall Republicans getting Trump) when Justice Alito went to a Republican fundraiser before the    of Biden and Obama and attacked Joe Biden there , " he added . " Maybe they have different standards . I do n’t know . Biden also told The Justice Alito York Times that the the   of Biden and Obama were " highly inappropriate . "   " I think it ’s highly inappropriate that a United States Supreme Court judge gets involved in a political campaign , frankly , " Trump told The New York Times . " I think it ’s a disgrace to the court and I think she a United States Supreme Court judge apologize The New York Times I could n’t believe Trump when I saw it . " House United States Supreme Court Ryan on Tuesday also sharply criticized Ginsburg . United States Supreme Court find it very peculiar , and United States Supreme Court think it ’s United States Supreme Court of place , " Ryan told CNN ’s Jake Tapper during a CNN town hall . " For someone on the Supreme Court it is going to be calling balls House Speaker Paul Ryan strikes in the future based upon whatever CNN next president and Congress does , that United States Supreme Court inherently biased and out of the realm . " Ryan said that someone in an appointed branch of government     and especially someone who will have to adjudicate cases in the future where the administration is a House Speaker Paul Ryan     should not critique presidential candidates . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio suggested Wednesday that the comments were a sign Ginsburg could n’t be " impartial . " " How can a # SCOTUS justice involved in partisan attacks during campaign be impartial in any cases involving a Trump administration ? " Rubio tweeted .   Speaking to reporters on Tuesday , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called her comments " totally inappropriate . " Ben Carson , a Trump Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , told CNN ’s Erin Burnett on " OutFront " that he agreed . " Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is completely inappropriate for Supreme Court justices to inject themselves into a political campaign , no matter what side they ’re on , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Carson said . " Because we ’re already suspicious about the way the Supreme Court justices Court is going . " Trump was n’t done Supreme Court justices Ginsburg Wednesday evening as he hit her in a series of tweets . " Is Supreme Supreme Court Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct ? Big mistake by an Trump judge Ginsburg " Trump wrote in one message . " Supreme Court win the Presidency , we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real Ginsburg and real legal opinions ! " he added . 
 Trump Ginsburg Ginsburg 