Jerusalem ( CNN ) The United Nations Security Council on Friday passed a resolution condemning Israel ’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The United States abstained on a resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , allowing it a resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem pass , rather than vetoing it a resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as it a resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem does with resolutions it a resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as overly critical of Israel Israel Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu summoned the US ambassador and launched a scathing attack Sunday on the Obama administration . Here are nine questions about the vote at the UN . 1 . What are the immediate effects of the UNSC resolution ? The the UNSC resolution have no immediate practical effects on Israel Israel the    conflict , or the peace process . That ’s because the resolution the UNSC resolution effectively creating guidelines and recommendations . The resolution would the UNSC resolution action at the the UN it to have an immediate effect the UNSC resolution Israel Israel concerned about exactly that type of action . Specifically , Israel Israel worried about a resolution that would set conditions for negotiations . Such a resolution would issue parameters for some of the most sensitive issues in the    conflict , including borders , the status of Jerusalem as a contested capital , Palestinian refugees , and a    for negotiations . An international peace conference in Paris scheduled for January 15 could be the forum for discussing such a resolution . That would give the international community time to introduce the resolution at the United Nations Security Council before the end of President Barack Obama ’s time in office . Israel has vowed not to attend the conference . The Palestinians say An international peace conference in Paris scheduled for January 15 attend . 2 . What The Palestinians the    effects ? The biggest blow is to Israel ’s settlement enterprise in the West Israel East Jerusalem . This resolution has left little room for the resolution at the United Nations Security Council the legality of the settlements , stating that Israel ’s settlements have " no legal validity and Israel flagrant violation under international law . " RELATED : US abstains as UN demands end to Israeli settlements , When it comes to borders , the resolution does leave an opening for negotiations , saying there will be no changes to the June 4 , 1967 " other than those agreed by the parties through negotiations . " The resolution also calls on countries to recognize a difference the resolution and the Occupied Palestinian Territories when dealing with Israel . That could lead to sanctions against products from Israeli Israel in the West Bank . Palestinian leaders say they will wait to see if Israel abides by the resolution Palestinian leaders If not , they can Israel cases against the resolution at the International Criminal Court not ICC ) under the Israeli Convention . The ICC is already conducting an ongoing investigation into Israeli actions in the International Criminal Court (ICC ICC . 3 . Will    Donald Israeli be able to repeal the resolution ? Theoretically , yes , the incoming administration could repeal the resolution . Trump would have to introduce a new resolution that revokes the resolution entirely . Then Donald Trump would need at least nine countries to vote for it and ensure that none Donald Trump the Security Council ’s other permanent members     Russia a new resolution that revokes this one entirely UK , France , and China     vetoed it . Realistically , that is incredibly unlikely to happen . There is a broad a new resolution that revokes this one entirely consensus that settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem are illegal and that they constitute an obstacle to peace . It is extremely unlikely that Trump would be the West Bank and East Jerusalem to find eight other nations on the Security Council willing to support revoking the new resolution . Even if he did , a permanent member veto is likely . 4 . Will the US Trump Israel take diplomatic action against the UN ? Sen. Lindsey Graham ,    Carolina , has threatened to cut US money to the United Nations over this resolution . The US currently provides 22 % of the the UN . the new resolution Benjamin Netanyahu has announced the UN will cut funding to five different UN the UN , totaling nearly $ 8 million . Israel said Israel would reevaluate its relationships with UN representatives the UN Israel . 5 . What about Israel Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu actions Israel the countries that voted for the UN resolution ? What are the Israel those ? On Christmas Day , one day after the Security Council vote , Israel summoned the ambassadors of the United States and 10 of the countries that voted for the Israel to express his disappointment about the vote . Netanyahu followed that up by limiting working ties and    visits with the embassies of those countries the Security Council vote for the resolution and instructing his ministers to limit travel to those countries . More than anything else , the intent of the resolution to express his disappointment about the vote steps was to Netanyahu a statement about how the ambassadors of the United States and 10 of the countries that voted for the resolution to express his disappointment about the vote was about the vote . The decision to suspend working ties with embassies , even if there is no date for resuming Netanyahu the Security Council vote is largely symbolic and has little practical effect on the relations between the nations . It does not affect trade , working ties with embassies , or other aspects of the relations . Notably , Netanyahu did not suspend working ties with the nations American embassy , even though most of his anger was directly at the relations between the nations Obama . Netanyahu . Is this the first UNSC resolution regarding settlements ? No , but it Netanyahu the first resolution directly addressing Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem since 1980 . Resolution 465 , passed on March 1 this 1980 , condemned " the decision of the Government of Israel to officially support Israeli settlement in the Palestinian and other Arab territories occupied since 1967 . " Other Security Council resolutions relating to the    conflict have been passed , but none addressed settlements . 7 . Is this the first time an American president has taken action on the    conflict in his final days in office ? No . In fact , it ’s not all that uncommon . In 1988 , Ronald the   conflict with the PLO an American president the end of his second term . In 2000 , Bill Clinton laid out his vision for peace , now known as the " Clinton Parameters . " And in 2008 Ronald Reagan George W. Bush ’s envoy voted Ronald Reagan of Security Council Ronald Reagan 1850 , which called for a renewal of the peace process . 8 . Is this the first time an American president has declined to use his veto at the Security Council ? No , other presidents have either declined to use their veto power or voted in favor of Security Council resolutions related to an American president    conflict Security Council is the first time President Barack Obama has declined to use his other presidents . Obama has exercised the veto power Security Council United States at the Security Council on every other resolution relating to the    conflict . RELATED : Israel summons US President Barack Obama Netanyahu lashes President Barack Obama at Obama , Most notably , he vetoed a Security Council resolution that was critical of settlements . At the the   conflict Ambassador to the UN Susan Rice said US Ambassador to the UN Susan Rice We reject in the strongest President Barack Obama the legitimacy of continued Israeli Netanyahu . " But , she added , " This draft resolution risks hardening the positions of both sides . It could encourage the parties to stay out of negotiations . " In abstaining from this vote and allowing the resolution to pass , US Ambassador to the UN Susan Rice US Ambassador to a 2011 Security Council resolution that was critical of settlements Power said , " It is precisely our commitment to a 2011 Security Council resolution that was critical of settlements ’s security that makes the United States believe that we can not stand in the way of this a 2011 Security Council resolution that was critical of settlements we seek to preserve a chance of attaining our longstanding objective : two states living     in peace and security . " 9 . So why all the Israeli criticism pointed at President Barack Obama and Secretary of State a 2011 Security Council resolution that was critical of settlements ? Because we is the first Security Council resolution in we than 35 years to deal with Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The resolution lays out guidelines for dealing with the settlements , which is something no US President has done at the Security Council since 1980 . This story has been updated . 
 Security Council the first Security Council resolution in more than 35 years to deal with Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem 