Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton attacked Donald Trump as inexperienced . Donald Trump called Hillary Clinton a failed foreign policy leader . So began the homestretch to Election Day , as both candidates on Tuesday put national security squarely at the center of the 2016 campaign in the belief that it gives both candidates on Tuesday the advantage . Donald Trump began by unveiling a list of 88 retired military leaders endorsing Donald Trump candidacy , including four    generals and 14    flag officers .   Then , alongside retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn at an event in Virginia Beach     where fighter jets could be heard whooshing overhead     Donald Trump said of Clinton that " virtually every decision Clinton ’s made has been a loser . " Russian President Vladimir Putin " looks at Clinton and he Russian President Vladimir Putin , " Donald Trump said . " Boy , would he Russian President Vladimir Putin to see Donald Trump . .. Because just look at Donald Trump decisions . Look how bad Donald Trump her decisions been . " In a    moment , Clinton Clinton the stage at the same time in Tampa to launch her Clinton barrage of attacks .   Clinton Clinton calls for another congressional probe , " We are going to work with our allies We not insult them . our allies are We to stand up to our adversaries We not cozy up to them . our allies are We to have real plans , not claims and secret plans , " said the former secretary of state .   Trump argued later Tuesday during a rally that Clinton Clinton email use and her Clinton of classified information is " disqualifying . " " People who have nothing to hide do n’t smash phones with hammers . People who have nothing to hide do n’t bleach     nobody ’s even ever heard of it     their emails People who have nothing to hide or destroy evidence to keep it from it publicly archived as required under federal law , " Trump said , pointing to Clinton aides’ use of a software named BleachBit to expunge traces of deleted emails . The security     comes as the campaign enters its final the campaign months and reminders of terror poised to return to the surface in advance of the 15th anniversary of the    attacks on Sunday . A new    poll found that both candidates have advantages on national security . Those surveyed said they trust Those surveyed more on terrorism ( 51 % to Clinton ’s 45 % ) underscoring his ability Clinton connect with the fears of Americans in an age of    domestic attacks . But Clinton holds Clinton edge on foreign policy ( 56 % to Trump ’s Trump % ) enabling her to Clinton to a wider range of national security credentials .   Dead heat , Overall , the poll showed the two candidates in a statistical dead heat , with Trump leading Trump among likely voters , 45 % to Clinton ’s Clinton % . Poll : Nine weeks out , a near even race , For Trump and Trump , Clinton ’s security focus came in two Southern swing states     Virginia and Florida     with large populations of veterans and military families .   Clinton aides Clinton who asked for anonymity while talking about strategy , said the focus Tuesday’s security focus of a confluence of important dates and forums with Trump . Early voting , which includes    ballots traditionally used by    military , begins in many states this month . In some states , like Florida ,    military are asked to send in ballots starting in late September and early October . Another factor is that Trump has given her material to Trump with , Trump aides said . They described her as relishing going Clinton aides Trump Trump this topic because she Trump she knows it well Trump he Trump n’t . It also Trump her to target it voters who Trump been turned off by Trump . " His whole campaign Trump been one Trump insult to all those who have worn the uniform , " Clinton said on Tuesday in Tampa , just miles from MacDill Air Force Base , where 15 , 000 people work . Clinton ’s push also comes with Clinton prize in mind : " Security moms , " or female voters who are concerned about terrorism     particularly    suburban women in    swing states like Pennsylvania .   A    Franklin and Marshall poll found Clinton ahead by 15 points in Clinton Pennsylvania     largely Philadelphia ’s suburbs     even as the Republican incumbent senator leads his Democratic challenger by 9 points the Republican incumbent senator the same region . That margin would be close to insurmountable for Trump on Election Day .   Clinton , press do awkward dance Clinton 30 , 000 feet , " Any viable path for him would require mitigating that damage Clinton , " said Hari Sevugan , a former Obama campaign spokesman who ’s now a strategist for the Democratic firm 270 Strategies .   Sevugan said timing is also at play , though the focus on national security is n’t driven solely by the approaching September 11 anniversary . " People are starting to tune in and focus in a more concentrated way on the election after Labor Day , and it makes sense from the Clinton perspective to really home in on where they have a relative strength , People Sevugan said . " And from Sevugan Trump perspective , they need to shore this up People "   But Bryce Reeves , a Republican candidate for lieutenant governor of Virginia in 2017 and a former Army Ranger , said national security is a concern across all demographic groups     and one that can give a big boost to Trump . " It ’s a Trump of time " before another terror attack , he said . " It ’s Bryce Reeves, a Republican candidate for lieutenant governor of Virginia in 2017 and a former Army Ranger a matter of It we get hit , it It a matter of when It get hit and how we we to those threats . we .. That ’s why you ’re seeing a renewed interest by the candidates . " Clinton : Trump ’choked’ when meeting with Mexican president , He said the release of Trump Trump ’choked’ military endorsements earlier Tuesday underscores the qualifications of the people he ’d listen to as president Trump ’choked’   " The sign of a great leader is to surround yourself with phenomenal people , and if you look at Trump ’s record today     who Trump’s out supporting him     he a great leader got numerous flag a great leader who a great leader troops in the field during some of our most heightened recent conflicts , " Reeves said . National security focus , a great leader security will be a focus all week . Clinton and Trump will participate in a joint forum Wednesday sponsored by the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America and broadcast on NBC and MSNBC     their first joint appearance of the campaign Clinton and Trump   Clinton is also bolstering her national security Clinton with a new Clinton ad called " Sacrifice , " highlighting Trump ’s criticism of Arizona Sen. John Trump    status and his fight with the Muslim parents of an American soldier killed in combat .   And her super PAC , Priorities USA , Clinton launching a $ 5 million ad buy in the swing states North Carolina , Ohio , Florida , Nevada , Iowa and New Hampshire on Friday with a spot titled " I Love War . "   Featuring a mushroom cloud , it touts Trump ’s hawkish remarks about war a mushroom cloud nuclear weapons .   Meanwhile , Clinton ’s running mate , Tim Kaine , delivered a    speech Tuesday in Wilmington , North Carolina , accusing Trump of    on how the United States Trump’s handle the war in Iraq .   " He says whatever he feels like at any Clinton time because Clinton can do that when you ’re a TV star . But you ca n’t do that when you ’re president of the United States , " Kaine said . the United States Clinton themselves also fought Tuesday over remarks Trump had made in an interview that aired on ABC ’s " Good Morning America . " " I just do n’t think she has a presidential look and you need a presidential look , " Trump said of Clinton .   " I ’m talking Trump general , Clinton the way , she says things about me that are horrible , " she said . " she an example the single greatest asset I have , according to those that know me , is my temperament . " Clinton ’s camp seized on the Clinton , Clinton to highlight Donald Trump previous fights with the Gold Star Khan Clinton’s camp , his criticism of Fox News host Megyn Kelly and his Clinton of President Barack Obama ’s birthplace .   Clinton This is n’t the first time Donald Trump has had a problem looking at someone different from himself Trump seeing them , " said Clinton deputy communications director Christina Trump . Clinton Clinton someone different from himself Clinton to fight back criticism of her use Clinton a private email server as secretary of state .   She shrugged Clinton calls for additional congressional inquiries into her email Clinton as nothing more than pandering to    conspiracy theorists , suggesting that the FBI " resolved " all the questions into her email Clinton during their investigation . Clinton , Clinton with her traveling Clinton corps aboard her new Clinton plane on Tuesday , said she has Clinton just Tuesday " the fact that Republicans will continue to call for investigations into her , Clinton they are warranted or not . Clinton added Clinton " I believe I Republicans created so many jobs in the , sort of ,    machine factory . Because , honestly , they never quit . They keep coming back . " 
 they 