  ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton emerges from the first presidential debate with a    lead over Donald Trump in the race for the presidency , having narrowed the enthusiasm gap between Hillary Clinton supporters and Donald Trump ’s , and holding broad advantages over the Republican nominee as the candidate with the right temperament and preparation for the job , according to a new    poll . The survey finds Clinton topping Donald Trump 47 % to 42 % among likely voters with Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson at 7 % and Green Party nominee Jill Stein at 2 % .   Clinton ’s boost in the race stems largely from gains on Donald Trump among men ( from a    deficit with that group in early September to just a    one now ) and sharply increased support from independents , who broke heavily in Donald Trump ’s favor in the early September poll but now tilt Clinton , 44 % to 37 % .   Read the full    poll results , Clinton has even gained somewhat among whites without college degrees , who have been among Donald Trump most ardent supporters . She Clinton Trump Donald Trump 21 points among that group now , down from a    chasm in early September . Although most interviews in the survey were completed before Saturday night ’s revelation that Trump Donald Trump have avoided income taxes for nearly two decades , the results were clear that about    of voters think Trump Donald Trump release his Donald Trump returns for public review ( 73 % say so , including about half of Trump Donald Trump own supporters , 47 % ) .    Poll :     Trump backers say paying taxes is ’civic duty’ More respondents also see Trump Donald Trump to release this taxes as a sign that he ’s hiding something than that he ’s he audit from the IRS ( 57 % say he ’s he something , 33 % that he ’s he back due to an audit ) .   Voters are in    agreement , though , that paying taxes is every American ’s civic duty . Nearly     feel that way while just 12 % say they see just 12% as an unnecessary burden to be avoided . Even among Trump backers , 79 % see them as Even among Trump backers civic duty . The poll , conducted entirely after last Monday ’s presidential debate , finds Clinton ’s supporters increasingly enthusiastic about voting for president this year ( 50 % are extremely or very enthusiastic now , up from 46 % earlier in the month ) while Trump backers’ enthusiasm has ticked downward , from 58 % to 56 % . Some of Clinton ’s Clinton in this poll can be attributed to the effects of that enthusiasm shift on the makeup of the likely electorate .   In the    poll , Clinton ’s Clinton less likely than Trump supporters to be classified as likely voters because of the responses they gave to likely voters about their interest in likely voters contest , intention to vote , and past vote history . That resulted in a sharp shift to Trump when assessing Trump among likely voters rather than registered voters .   QUIZ : Are you more like Clinton or Trump ? This Trump around , her voters are Clinton less likely than Trump voters to Trump as likely voters . Voters are about evenly split between issues and personal qualities when asked which will be more important in their choice for Voters , according to the poll , and Clinton gained ground Clinton both sides of that question   . Clinton has narrowed Clinton ’s edge Trump the marquee issues of the economy and terrorism while increasing her edge on foreign Clinton , immigration and improving life for racial and ethnic minorities .   Trump tops Clinton by Trump points Clinton better able to handle trade with other countries , a topic that was one of few high points for Trump in the debate Trump while Clinton has the upper Clinton , narrowly , on several other issues raised in Monday ’s debate , including taxes ( 48 % Clinton to 46 % Clinton ) the criminal justice system ( 48 % Clinton to 45 % Clinton ) ISIS ( 48 % Clinton to 44 % Clinton ) . The debate appears to have worsened voters impressions of Trump personally , 59 44% Trump of likely voters now see him unfavorably , up 44% Trump 54 % in early September , while Clinton ’s favorability rating 48% Clinton to 44% Trump) fairly steady , standing at 43 % favorable to 54 % unfavorable . Trump has lost ground against 44% Trump when registered voters Clinton asked which candidate is the stronger leader , 45 % say Clinton is , 43 Clinton Trump . Trump held an    edge 44% Trump that question in early September .   Clinton has widened her Clinton as the Clinton with the right temperament for the job , topping Trump by 27 points on 44% Trump score now , up from a 20 point lead in early September . She also early September Clinton as better prepared ( + 22 ) more in touch with middle class problems ( + 17 ) having a clear vision for the country ’s future ( + 7 ) and being better able to handle the responsibilities of commander in chief ( + 6 ) . Clinton has also narrowed the gap on honesty , and now stands 7 points behind Trump on that , though 44% Trump sizable 15 % say neither is more honest and trustworthy . A stunning 29 % of registered voters say neither Trump nor Clinton is a 44% Trump they admire Clinton about on par Trump nor Clinton the 30 % who see Trump as the more admirable 44% Trump the pair , behind the 40 % who name Clinton as more admired . Among younger voters , a traditionally Democratic group Clinton has struggled to win over Clinton a full 42 % say neither candidate is a person they admire , more than name a full 42% ( 37 % ) or Trump ( 21 % ) . Confirming the results of the    poll of debate watchers released shortly after the debate ended , the new survey finds about     voters say Clinton did the better job Monday Clinton , just 24 % thought Trump did . Among those who said they watched , 63 % said Clinton was the victor , about Clinton same as in Monday night ’s survey . The    Poll was conducted by telephone September 28 through October 2 among a random national sample of 1 , 501 adults . Results among the 1 , 213 likely voters have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . It is 2 . 5 percentage points among the 1 , 335 registered voters interviewed . 
 