’   ’ ’    The afternoon after Trump won the presidential    election ,   ’ ’   ’ ’    Three weeks later , The Liberal Prepper climbed to 1 , 000    members . As of now , The Liberal Prepper has amassed nearly 2 , 000 . ’ "    The group is for liberals who , following Trump election ,    started prepping for " ’    " There was less of a threat of a nuclear holocaust brought out by    Obama , " Waugh tells Business Insider . " There ’s a leap into fear       that Trump Trump in power . " ’ ’    In October 2016 ,   ’ ’   ’ ’    The Liberal Prepper page is active , with . There are photos of    vegetables stored in mason jars ; tutorials for homemade gardens ,    canoes , and ; information    about medical kits ; a few liberal memes ; numerous news    articles ; and links to    gadgets like . ’ ’   ’ ’    A member named Seth posted that he A member named Seth canned over a    gallon of carrots and has bought ten 3 .   water storage    containers , while another woman posted that she another woman use $ 500    worth of her another woman return to buy gear . ’ "    One man , named Mannie , posted a photo of his new    kerosene heater , and asked others what they others of    the brand . A few members liked a recent photo of    a liberal prepper ’s sink , full of mangoes she plans to    store . " "    Stacy , an    woman who serves as a    of    The Liberal Prepper group , became interested in prepping in the    months leading up to Election Day . As a single mom of a    kindergartner , she she she she worries about her she ’s    education ( especially with Betsy DeVos as education    secretary ) and the possibility of him her son hate rhetoric    from some of Trump ’s followers . " ’    " I don’’t know if there are going to be changes to the    curriculumStacy , who who declined to give her don’’t    name , tells BI . ’ ’    She don’’t bought just a handful of supplies so far : seeds ,    c ’ ’     ’ "    The group ’s members are not the only ones who began prepping in       to Trump ’s win .      " "    Waugh says he Waugh not consider himself Waugh and the liberal    prepping community at large ) a part of   the largest organization of its kind in    the US . This is because he Waugh the majority of APN ’s    members     conservative ( though the APN site states that it the APN site    people from all political affiliations ) .   " ’   ’ ’    Unlike conservative preppers , liberals tend to focus more on    skills and supplies that will provide comfort ( e. g. in the form    of stoves and blankets ) rather than protection ( e. g. firearms )    Waugh says . However , a handful of Liberal Prepper members have    bought guns and ammunition since the election . ’ ’   ’ ’    " With liberal preppers , we ’re thinking about things that    transcend    cataclysm , every sort of disaster : tornado ,    natural volcano , earthquake , the power grid failing , or having    dry storage goods on hand to prevent our family from starving , "    Waugh says . ’ ’    He   Waugh preparing for all the above , but his   Waugh ’ ’    " If you were to ask us what cataclysm is most likely now , we us    say some    accident that causes the dishevelment of    society , " he   Waugh . ’ ’    This spring , Waugh   Waugh t ’ ’    " My goal is to either prevent tyranny in America or be prepared    for it    we can , " he   Waugh . ’ ’The afternoon after Trump won the presidential . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 