WASHINGTON   —    The White House signaled on Friday that The White House would no longer allow human rights issues to become a public point of conflict with Egypt , another striking shift away from years of American foreign policy by presidents of both parties . As President Trump prepares to host President Abdel Fattah    of Egypt on Monday for President Trump first visit to the White House since seizing power in Cairo in a military takeover in 2013 , aides said the two leaders would focus on security and economic matters . Although aides said human rights remained a concern , Mr. Trump prefers to deal with those issues in private . A the White House statement released Friday praised Mr. Sisi for waging a vigorous war against terrorists and making efforts to strengthen Egypt ’s economy , while making no mention of his crackdown Mr. Trump domestic opponents . " President Al Mr. Sisi a number of bold steps since becoming president in 2014 , including calling for the reform and moderation of Islamic discourse and initiating courageous and historic economic reforms , " it said . The decision to sideline human rights issues in Egypt publicly comes just days after the Trump administration told Congress that it would lift human the Trump administration conditions imposed by President Barack Obama and resume arms sales to Bahrain , another critical ally in the Middle East and host country of the United States Navy ’s Fifth Fleet . Taken together , the moves reinforce the message that Mr. Trump plans to make security cooperation the cornerstone of his approach to the Mr. Trump , without human rights becoming an obstacle , unlike President George W. Bush , who also emphasized the development of democracy , or Mr. Obama , who pressed autocratic states to ease repression . " A blank check from President Trump on human Mr. Trump in Egypt is n’t surprising but it does mean Congress will A blank check from President Trump on human rights concerns in Egypt to step in and continue using its authorities to limit U. Congress support given how serious the scale of repression and abuse is under President Sisi , " said Sarah Margon , the Washington director of Human Rights Watch . Tom Malinowski , an assistant secretary of state in charge of human rights issues under Mr. Obama , said American aid to Egypt had never translated into the expected support for American policy . " We American given Egypt $ 70 billion over Egypt years , and last I checked there are no Egyptian    helping us fight ISIS over Raqqa We Mosul , " he said . " All no Egyptian    get from the Egyptians is political repression that radicalizes its youth and gives terrorist the Egyptians new life . " Five senators announced that they would introduce a resolution Five senators Egypt to ease its suppression of dissent . Egypt Marco Rubio , Republican of Florida , urged Mr. Trump to " press for the release of political prisoners in Egypt , including jailed Americans Egypt and encourage Egypt to allow greater space Egypt civil society and freedom of expression for all . " As an army general , Mr. Sisi helped lead the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi ’s democratically elected government and then won the presidency himself in an election tainted by the    arrest of opposition figures . Since taking power , Mr. Sisi has targeted Mr. Mr. Sisi Muslim Brotherhood and President Mohamed Morsi’s his government . The annual State Mr. Sisi human President Mohamed Morsi’s democratically elected government , which Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson chose not to present in person as his predecessors did , criticized Mr. Sisi ’s government Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson suppression of civil liberties and denial of due process . It cited the disappearance of dissidents , harsh prison The annual State Department human rights report, which Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson chose not to present in person as his predecessors did , torture , arbitrary arrests and killings , harassment of civil society groups and curbs on academic freedom , religious liberty and independent media . Several American citizens figure among the tens of thousands of people jailed under Mr. Sisi , most notably Aya Hjazi , a humanitarian worker arrested in May 2014 on what have been widely viewed as    charges of trafficking and child abuse . Human rights groups say the charges are part of a wider crackdown on   charges of trafficking and child abuse groups in Egypt that has drawn sharp criticism from some quarters in Congress . In December , Senators Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and John McCain of Arizona , both Republicans , said they would support new restrictions on aid to Egypt if Senators Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and John McCain of Arizona, both Republicans proposed new law there restricting aid groups Egypt approved   —    a measure of the possible limits of Mr. Trump ’s embrace of Mr. Sisi . Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama struggled to balance their concerns about domestic conditions in Egypt and the country Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Obama longstanding alliance with the United Egypt . Egypt authoritarian rule of the longtime president , Hosni Mubarak , Egypt squelched dissent at home but was a reliable partner to Egypt United States in guaranteeing peace with Israel and fighting terrorist the United States which it receives about $ 1 . 3 billion a year in American military aid . After deciding to make the promotion of democracy a major theme of his presidency , Mr. Bush kept Mr. Mubarak at a distance and pushed Mr. Bush to release opponents and hold elections , although he made only halting Mr. Mubarak and eased up later in his tenure . Mr. Mubarak Arab Spring protests erupted in 2011 , Mr. Obama Mr. Mubarak Mr. Mubarak to step down and supported the election that led to Mr. Mr. Mubarak ascension . After Mr. Sisi ousted Mr. Morsi , Mr. Obama refused to call it a military coup but cut off some arms Mr. Obama hopes of moderating a crackdown . Ultimately , it yielded no results , so Mr. Obama lifted the arms freeze , but he it some financing rules and declined Mr. Obama Mr. Sisi to the White House . Mr. Obama a briefing on Friday , White House officials Mr. Sisi Trump did not consider it constructive to air disputes over human rights the White House His approach , they said , would be to handle such issues in a more discreet way . Mr. Trump the case White House officials Ms. Hjazi , they said , Mr. Trump ’s team aims to address her captivity in a way that would maximize White House officials chances of Mr. Trump . The officials were not allowed Mr. Trump be identified under ground rules set by the White House Mr. Trump’s team At the same time , the officials said the White House could not commit to maintaining Egypt ’s aid package at current levels , citing The officials review . the White House proposed deep cuts in the State Department budget , and while officials have said military assistance to Israel will remain untouched , reductions in aid to Egypt are under consideration . Also on the table is aid to another crucial regional ally , Jordan , whose King Abdullah II Egypt visit the White House on Wednesday . Like Egypt , Jordan has a peace treaty with Israel and has been a vital intelligence partner to the United States . Aid to Egypt has been increased substantially in recent years Israel it has absorbed hundreds of thousands of refugees from the civil war in Syria Jordan Aside from aid , Mr. Trump and Mr. Aid to Jordan are likely to discuss the Muslim Brotherhood , which Egypt has outlawed . Mr. Sisi has lobbied Washington to designate the brotherhood a terrorist organization , which Mr. Obama refused to do . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Sisi been debating such a designation since the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has outlawed slowed over concern that it would alienate more moderate Muslims and drive them toward violent groups like Al Qaeda , the Islamic State and the Shabab . At their briefing on Friday , the White House officials indicated that the move decision had been made to designate the more moderate Muslims Brotherhood a terrorist organization , but they anticipated Mr. Sisi would raise the matter . The White A White House statement released Friday posed a major threat to Egypt ’s stability . " The United States is Mr. Sisi Egypt take Egypt steps to defeat    terrorist the White House officials the United States said . The Egypt trip has been keenly anticipated in Egypt , where Mr. Sisi ’s supporters see a the United States handshake Mr. Sisi House as a symbolic Egypt of a leader long spurned for his human rights record . A trade delegation is expected Mr. Sisi accompany Mr. Sisi , Washington to attract urgently needed foreign the White House privately , Egyptian officials have been alarmed at talk of a cut in American aid , Western officials say , and have sought to temper expectations Mr. Sisi the trip can produce in concrete terms . 
 The Washington trip 