’   ’ ’    CNBC’ ’s John Harwood   that Donald    Trump’ ’s campaign has figured out Donald   Trump’’s campaign " shortest " path to 270    electoral votes and a victory in the November election . ’ "    And the path described is likely Trump ’s most plausible to    the White House . " ’    Trump centers on maintaining a lead in a pair of states in    which Trump currently holds an advantage but that 2012    Republican nominee Mitt Romney lost ; flipping three more states    that are very tight ; and making gains in one final state slightly    further away from Republican nominee Mitt Romney grasp . ’ ’    And , if Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is able to pull out a    victory in any of those six states , Trump would fall short of the    needed 270 votes in the Electoral College . ’ "    Here ’s the path described : " ’    Trump holds leads in each of those three locations   —    all places    Romney lost in 2012 . Per the RealClearPolitics polling average , Trump Trump a 2 .   lead   a state that has voted for the    presidential winner in every election since 1964 . However , the    most recent poll in the state showed Clinton up 2 points .     Trump Trump up 5 points in the latest    RCP average . And in the Trump a Trump .   lead . ’ ’    In total , maintaining those three states would amount to 25    electoral votes . ’ ’    Trump is holding steady in Trump of the states Romney won in 2012 ,    aside from . Trump is currently in a Trump    race with Clinton in    Tar Heel state , where he trails by 1 . Trump    points . Clinton has come out on Clinton in each of the past six polls    posted to RCP . ’ ’    Should Trump win North Carolina , Trump the Romney map , and    maintain his leads from above , Trump would have 231 electoral Trump . ’ "    This is the juncture at which it begins to get a bit more    difficult for Trump .    currently trails Trump 1 Trump 4 points    in    —    well within the margin    of error of the state ’s polls . " ’    If Trump wins Nevada after the first Trump parts fall into    place , he would be looking at 237 electoral votes . ’ ’    The Sunshine State is starting to look increasingly difficult for    Trump , who led in a series of polls in Florida ahead of his    last debate performance . he , Trump trails by just 2 . 4 points    in the   average . ’ ’    Win there , and he would be up to 266 he votes . Just    four short . Which brings    to the final piece . .. ’ ’    The final state ’ ’    Trump where he is facing the    toughest he . Trump currently trails Clinton by 5 points in the Trump RCP average , but two recent polls found him within 2 points of    he former secretary of state in the Granite State . ’ ’    Win New Hampshire , and Trump is sitting at an even 270 . ’ Trump   ’ ’   ’ 
 