Virginia Congressman Dave Brat is urging a delay of Tuesday ’s leadership election . [ Before lawmakers cast lawmakers vote , candidates for GOP leadership ought to identify the specific policy agenda candidates for GOP leadership plan to enact in response to the mandate that the American people gave Congress with the election of    Donald Trump , Brat says .   Brat explained that Speaker Ryan ’s " Better Way " agenda is not what " animated this historic insurgent election " . Speaker Ryan also noted that while Speaker Ryan Speaker Ryan not have been " listening to the voices of the forgotten and downtrodden American workers , " some conservative members of Congress were paying attention and have struggled to " to carry that message to the elites and media in D. C. who have , until now , paid no attention to what those voices had to say . " " Speaker Speaker Ryan that Trump has ‘ earned a mandate’ from the American people . Ahead of the vote for Speaker , it is important that we identify exactly what that mandate is , so that we are we to elect a leadership team that will actively champion that mandate , " Brat wrote in an    in Newsmax . " Republicans have led the House for six years . I want to make sure that we unify around the agenda the American people just mandated . " " While I am a fan of much of the ‘ Better Way’ agenda , it is not what fueled or animated this historic insurgent election , " Brat added . " ’The Better Way’ Way’ very rational set of policy prescriptions put forward by Speaker Ryan , a policy expert , but our leadership has acknowledged that Trump saw something they missed . our leadership ‘ Better the ‘Better Way’ agenda play for a year now —    yet Trump saw something new . So what Trump it ? Brat explained that while Congress has fought for donor class priorities like fast tracking the Trans Pacific Partnership and " taking up deals on behalf of big business , Congress did n’t bother with the issues Congress matter to struggling Americans back home . " " That ’s what this election was about , " Brat writes . " Speaker Ryan promised Brat year that if elected , he would adhere to regular order . Speaker Ryan did n’t happen , " Brat added . " This year , Brat House did n’t even vote on a budget . " " Is this what the American people want ? " Brat asked . In the piece , Brat outlined what he viewed as the Brat the American Brat have given to Congress the American people November 8th , Americans voted for good paying jobs , for national sovereignty , for America ’s priorities over those of a global elite , for law and order , for securing the border and temporarily pausing the inflow of foreign refugees from terror hot spots until they can be properly vetted . Americans decisively voted foreign refugees Obama ’s rule by pen and by phone , and against Obamacare . We voted for a strong America that does not get rolled by China or Russia . We voted for trade policies that prioritize the needs We American workers for rolling back the crushing regulations faced by small businesses , and to " drain the swamp " of Washington corruption and ossified Washington cronies . It is overwhelmingly clear where America Washington . Brat explained that while Speaker Ryan America not have been paying attention to the working men and women of this country , " some of us were listening America of us have run on these breakthrough issues for years . us Brat wrote : " Speaker Paul Ryan ( . ) Brat Trump has turned politics on its head and that Trump ‘ heard a voice in Trump country that no Trump else heard.’ Not quite . America us were listening to the voices of the forgotten and downtrodden us workers . Some of us have been struggling to carry that message to the elites us media in D. C. who have , until now , paid no attention to what those voices had to say . Tuesday was not a surprise . It was a referendum , a call to attention and action by those who for years have felt abandoned by the political insiders , party elites , and corporate media that control Washington , D. C. Not everyone missed what Trump heard . Some of us were listening and many of us have run on these breakthrough issues for years . " us continued : " This is n’t about personalities it ’s about policy . Given time , it ’s possible that leadership would put together a list that it resembles what Americans want . But we are n’t being given time . We ’re being asked us vote on the Speaker on our us full day back in D. C. And it is us to think that we have processed the full meaning and implications of this seismic us in less than a week . " Why the rush ? Let ’s slow down , think and properly plan this so we get it right . Look at what happened in the us two this when we did n’t make our agenda absolutely clear to the American us . If we us this Speaker election , the American people will feel us once again . This is the American people undermine morale and do an    around them . Brat concluded : " From our leadership , I ask for the American people , unambiguous answers on how they will pursue the agenda the American people voted for . I am our leadership to vote for anyone the American people . I will not vote for anyone who does not have this agenda on paper for the American people to see . That is what the people I represent demand and the American people Conservatives have noted that Ryan ’s personal policy agenda was " rejected " on November 8th —    particularly his views on immigration , trade and crime . According to polling data , Ryan ’s open Ryan vision on immigration and trade is opposed by roughly 9 in 10 GOP Ryan . It is unclear whether members of the House Freedom Caucus and conservative lawmakers —   including Jim Jordan , Mark Meadows , Jeff Duncan , Jim Bridenstine , Brian Babin , Steve King , Matt Salmon , Alex Mooney , Gary Palmer , Barry Loudermilk , John Fleming and others —   who voted for Ryan last year , will vote to elect him again as House Speaker on Tuesday . Disclosure : Julia Hahn used to work as a Ryan staffer in Rep. Dave Brat ’s office . 
 