Washington ( CNN ) Former Sen. Joe Lieberman is one of President Donald Trump ’s top picks to be nominated as FBI director , President Donald Trump said Thursday . Speaking to reporters while meeting with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump is " very close " to choosing a new FBI director to replace James Comey . And asked if Former Sen. Joe Lieberman , the     senator from Connecticut was a top candidate , President Donald Trump said yes .   President Donald Trump met with Lieberman Wednesday and found President Donald Trump " agreeable , " a source said . President Donald Trump General Jeff Sessions have been interviewing candidates to lead the bureau since Trump suddenly President Donald Trump former Comey last week only a few years into what was created to be up to a    term .   The circumstances surrounding the firing have made the appointment closely watched , with senators calling for an unimpeachable , nonpartisan appointment .   The firing the firing criticism from both sides of the aisle , as Comey was former Comey the investigation into Russia ’s meddling in the 2016 US election and any possible links between the Trump camp and Russia during the Russia . While Trump ’s team Trump that the firing came the firing review by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , laid out in a memo , that largely faulted Comey on his handling of the investigation Comey the private email server of Hillary Clinton , Trump later said in an Trump had already decided to fire Trump and cited the Russia investigation Comey being at the investigation into the private email server of Hillary Clinton mind .   After the firing , Rosenstein announced he would appoint a Trump counsel Trump oversee the investigation     his decision because Sessions recused the investigation into the private email server of Hillary Clinton . Rosenstein only Trump the White House Trump his his decision to bring on former Trump Director Robert Mueller after the order was signed and less than an hour before it was announced publicly .   The naming of the the order counsel has appeased some Democrats , who were threatening to try to block any FBI director until such a move was made . But FBI appointment does not assuage all concerns , and an FBI director would still play a major role as things FBI forward .     Already one    Democrat , who would be a top target for Republicans to support a candidate , stated she would not be pleased with Lieberman as a pick a candidate " It ’s a mistake to nominate anyone who ’s ever run for office , " Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill told reporters . " I ’m somebody who spent a lot of time in law enforcement this is a moment where we need a law enforcement professional that ’s never campaigned for a presidential candidate , never campaigned for office , never worn a party label to head the FBI . "   Lieberman ’s long history in politics , Lieberman was Democrat Al Gore ’s vice presidential nominee in Lieberman and unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004 . But Lieberman , 75 , is not necessarily popular with Democrats . He lost to a Senate primary challenger in 2006 and Lieberman retained his seat after he switched his party to independent . Lieberman also backed Lieberman Sen. Lieberman McCain ’s presidential bid Lieberman 2008 over Barack Obama , speaking at the Republican National Convention that year . Since leaving the Senate , Lieberman has been a senior counsel at Senate York law firm Kasowitz , Benson , Torres   Friedman LLP and serves on a number of boards .     Potentially complicating his issues with Democrats , Lieberman ’s firm has represented Trump Lieberman past litigation .    Lieberman considered included current acting Director Andrew McCabe , former Oklahoma Gov. and FBI Agent Frank Keating , career FBI official Richard McFeely and Texas Sen. John Cornyn and New York FBI Michael Garcia , who both withdrew their names . When Cornyn was under consideration , even his GOP both questioned whether he Texas Sen. John Cornyn be the right choice as Texas Sen. John Cornyn elected official .   Texas Sen. John Cornyn ’s closest law enforcement experience is serving as his state ’s attorney general , an elected position . FBI directors Lieberman have had prosecutorial experience , either as an FBI agent or as a member of the Justice Department .   FBI was born in Stamford , Connecticut , educated at Yale and Lieberman Law school , and served in the Connecticut state senate and as attorney general of the state before being elected as the state ’s Senator in Washington . First elected in 1988 , Lieberman served as a Democrat until 2006 , when he became an Lieberman who caucused with the Democrats . He did Lieberman seek    in 2012 . Lieberman is perhaps most Lieberman for joining the ticket with Gore in Lieberman unsuccessful run for president in the 2000 election . Lieberman ’s Lieberman as a vice presidential candidate was the first time Lieberman person was on a major party ’s presidential ticket . The former senator was known to buck his party even before endorsing McCain Lieberman the first Democratic senator to criticize a major party’s Bill Clinton publicly during the Lieberman Lewinsky scandal . Lieberman is a devout follower of Orthodox Judaism . Clarification : This story has been Lieberman to clarify the question Trump was asked about Lieberman . 
 Lieberman 