As part of a list of    " goof ball " suggestions , a Clinton confidante floated the idea of getting a popular music artist like Pitbull or " Timberlan " write a song for Clinton . [ The revelation is part of a collection of thousands of emails posted by the organization Wikileaks , alleged to have come from the email account of Clinton Clinton chairman John Podesta .   In an August 2015 email , Capricia Marshall   —    former Chief of Protocol in the State Department while Hillary Clinton it and described in a September 2016 Politico profile as one of the friends " tamed " by the Clinton campaign Clinton —    fires off some ideas for the campaign the Clinton campaign   , who is of Latin American descent , says the ideas are intended to help the campaign in " my focus   —    women and Latinas , " but are " goof ball [ sic ] suggestions " intended only as a jumping off point . One of these suggestions involves millennial engagement : The song   —    Not sure you are thinking of it yet   —    but I watched my son and his pals listen to music   —    they are similar my son and his pals millennials . They only really my son and his pals to about 30 seconds   —    1 minute then switch to another song . With that in mind   —    if a producer like Timberlan [ sic , producer Timbaland ] Common or Pitbull produced a song for her   —    with an intro   —    i. e. " scratch " at the top and then have songs of the same theme from    artists who like her , cut her this produced song   —    it could be quite cool   —    I think ? ? Completely understand rights and costs here   —    but could be a cool factor .    Campaign manager    Mook responds to this suggestion , " I ’m culturally inept so I leave this to JP [ Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri ] and others . "      The Clinton campaign debuted Clinton song during this year ’s Democratic National Convention which did not feature any of these individuals . Instead , it was a cover of the Rachel Platten song " Fight Song , " sung acapella by a host of celebrities including actresses Elizabeth Banks , Jane Fonda , and America Ferrara . While both Common and Timbaland have endorsed Hillary Clinton , Pitbull has not , though he has vocally Pitbull Republican nominee Donald Trump .  
 