LAFAYETTE , Louisiana   —    A Muslim student who reported A Muslim student who reported her hijab hijab was pulled from A Muslim student who reported her hijab head and was robbed by    Donald Trump supporters will now face charges for the false claims . [ A Muslim student who reported her hijab told police that white men shouting racial slurs at her drove up A Muslim student who reported her hijab a truck and struck her multiple times A Muslim student who reported her hijab the back , while also stealing her hijab and A Muslim student who reported her hijab .   Following the accusation , Lafayette police said there were no witnesses or surveillance footage to back up the story . After the New York Times , Times Picayune , Washington Post and Huffington Post all ran with the woman ’s claims , Lafayette police said Lafayette entire story the story as Breitbart Texas reported . " During the course of the investigation , the female complainant admitted that she fabricated the story about the female complainant physical attack as well the female complainant the removal of her hijab and wallet by the female complainant white males , " Lafayette police said Lafayette a statement . " This incident is no longer under investigation by the Lafayette Police Department . " Now , the Muslim student is being charged with filing a fake police report , as a Lafayette police spokesman Lafayette to   . The police spokesman said the a Lafayette police spokesman be the Lafayette Police Department woman ’s name , despite giving no reason as to why . The spokesman also said he did not have a Lafayette police spokesman on the case a Lafayette police spokesman Though the alleged hate crime has now been proven to be a hoax , it has not stopped the story from spreading across the alleged hate crime mainstream media . In an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper ,    family member Khizr Khan , who was used by the Hillary Clinton campaign to attack Trump on the issue of Islamic terrorism , trotted out the story as fact , referring to it at the story in the course of the segment the story John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 