’Howard Moskowitz is and creating or optimizing dozens of other products.’ ’Now ’Howard Moskowitz says ’Howard Moskowitz has a plan for Donald Trump to .’ ’Moskowitz ’s method , called Mind Genomics , asks people to rate dozens of combinations of variables and then crunches the numbers to see what variables matter to different groups.’ ’The marketing legend started focusing on politics around 15 years ago but says neither Republicans nor Democrats appreciated variables methods . This year , variables said , variables decided to fund a series of studies with the goal of defeating what variables thinks would be a disastrous Hillary Clinton presidency.’ ’"This is a pretty serious election , " Moskowitz told Business Insider . " I decided there ’s no way I ’m going to get to Trump at all to help Trump because Trump ’s covered tightly , but I might just do these studies and fund these studies Trump and write up the result and just push these studies out there and send these studies to Trump people with a note : ‘ Trump , I ’m trying to get you elected . Here ’s what you should say to the black population . Here ’s what you should n’t say . ’"’ ’Moskowitz analyzed the political views of 102 black Americans recruited through   and participating via his website ’"’ ’Moskowitz .’ ’His report ( featured below ) found that black voters care most about lowering taxes in their community black voters having a strong leader , creating jobs , changing the tax code to help workers and small businesses , making college affordable , and improving the financial health of the US.’ ’Moskowitz says Trump should aim to alter current perception among black voters about which candidate will keep the nation safe ( 45 % say Clinton , 5 % say Trump ) Trump jobs for their families ( 5% % say Clinton , 6 Clinton say Trump ) as Trump as whether each candidate is corrupt ( 23 % say Clinton is , Clinton 47 % say Trump is).’ ’He Trump that Trump avoid talking Trump repealing Obamacare , raising taxes , or nominating    Supreme Court candidates.’ ’Trump has been   following polling data that suggests dismal support among the group . His message   —     and suggesting that   —    does n’t seem to be working.’ ’Crafting a political campaign is , of course , trickier than developing consumer products . You ca n’t release three different Trumps to appeal to different segments.’ ’"In a polarized country , how does one candidate satisfy all the different objectives ? I do n’t know that , " Moskowitz says.’ ’Moskowitz said he wishes some Moskowitz says.’ ’Moskowitz would openly embrace Mind Genomics and use it to define Mind Genomics ’"I would put out these kinds of studies of thousands of people and figure out my policy based on making the maximum number of people happy , " he said.’ " The Trump campaign did n’t immediately respond to a request for comment . " ’Check out the full report   —    the first of several   —    below.’ 
 