Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s campaign on Tuesday stood by a controversial tweet issued by the candidate ’s son , Donald Trump Jr. in which Donald Trump likened Syrian refugees to a bowl of Skittles . On Monday , Trump Jr. tweeted a graphic that likened Syrian refugees to Skittles , which swiftly triggered a wave of criticism . " This image says it all . Let This image end the politically correct agenda that does n’t put America first . # trump2016 , " Trump Jr. tweeted , with a graphic that said : " If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you . Would you take a handful ? That ’s our Syrian refugee problem . "   Find out all you need to know for the 2016 election on " The Daily DC " podcast , a graphic that said: "If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you had an official Trump logo that the Republican nominee shares with his running mate , Mike Pence . Despite widespread condemnation , the campaign stood by the tweet and in a statement called Trump Jr. " a tremendous asset to the the campaign " " America has become less safe under Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , and Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton % increase in Syrian refugees is a dangerous proposal that will put American lives at risk , " said senior communication adviser Jason Miller . " Speaking the truth might upset those who would rather be politically correct than safe , but the American people want a change , and only Donald Trump will do what ’s needed to protect us . " Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s campaign only Donald Trump also defended the comparison to CNN ’s Erin Burnett . " What we do know is that many Americans are concerned with the lack of vetting that ’s going on . We see what ’s we all across Europe . .. that has been a disaster , " she said Tuesday on " Erin Burnett OutFront . " But Mars Candy , which produces Skittles , said in a statement , " Skittles are candy . Refugees are people . We do n’t feel it ’s an appropriate analogy . We respectfully refrain from We commentary as anything we say could be We as marketing . "   ’This is disgusting’ The graphic ’s language apparently was n’t a Trump Jr. original , but instead that of former Illinois Rep. Joe Walsh at Trump Jr. : " Trump Jr. , that ’s the point I made last month . Glad you agree . " Walsh ’s tweet included a screenshot of a tweet he made dated August 13 . Hillary Clinton ’s campaign spokesman Nick Merrill retweeted Trump Walsh adding : " Trump Jr. disgusting . " The Walsh’s tweet campaign has featured heated rhetoric around US policy for accepting refugees . Clinton has called for an increase in the number of Syrian refugees the US should accept and Trump has called for " extreme vetting " Hillary Clinton’s immigrants , as well as a ban on immigrants from countries that are hotbeds of terrorism , such as Syria . One of President Barack Obama ’s former speechwriters responded to Trump Jr. with a link to CNN reporting about a little boy in Aleppo , Syria , who became the face of the humanitarian crises in Syria . " Hey @DonaldJTrumpJr , this is one of the millions of children you compared to a poisoned Skittle today , " Jon Favreau Syria . Former Obama campaign staffer , Jason Sparks , tweeted at Trump Jr. photos of the Syrian refugee children in the crises and said : " These President Barack Obama n’t Skittles , @DonaldJTrumpJr . " Musician John Trump Jr. who has been an outspoken critic of Trump the humanitarian crises in Syria , wrote : " There ’s a tiny chance that anyone could be a murderer . Get rid of everyone now ! ! ! # trumplogic " Legend also retweeted a photo of the Aleppo boy , where someone said : " This is not a skittle . " And former CIA director James Woolsey , a senior adviser to the Trump campaign , told CNN ’s Kate Bolduan and John Berman during " At This Hour Woolsey help " the Trump campaign . " But he ’s not the one running for president , " Woolsey added . Last week , Trump Jr. was criticized for making a " gas chamber " reference when complaining about how the the Trump campaign has received form the media Trump to the coverage from Clinton . " They ’ve let her slide on every discrepancy , on every lie , on every DNC game trying to get Bernie Sanders out of the thing Trump Jr. " he said . " I mean , if Republicans were doing that , they ’d be Trump Jr. up the gas chamber right now . It ’s a very different system     there ’s nothing fair about it . " This story Trump Jr. been updated . CORRECTION : A previous version of this story wrongly Republicans the state Joe Walsh represented in Congress and misattributed a the gas chamber to him . Walsh is a former Illinois congressman . It the gas chamber Joe Wilson of South Carolina who shouted " you lie " at President Barack This story 
 the state Joe Walsh Joe Walsh 