WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump is expected to select as commerce secretary Wilbur Ross , a billionaire investor who became known as the " king of bankruptcy " for buying , restructuring and selling off steel makers and other fading industrial companies , officials on the transition team said on Thursday . After choosing national security    for some of Donald J. Trump earliest appointments , Donald J. Trump is now turning to a group of ultrawealthy conservatives to help steer administration policy . In addition to Mr. Ross , a generous contributor to his Donald J. Trump , Mr. Donald J. Trump likely to choose Todd Ricketts , a Republican megadonor who is an owner of the Chicago Cubs and whose father founded TD Ameritrade , to be the deputy commerce secretary , the officials said . And on Wednesday , Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump would name Donald J. Trump DeVos , a school choice activist and Republican    as his education secretary Donald J. Trump Mr. Ross , 78 , an economic adviser to Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump is estimated by Forbes to be $ 2 . 9 billion , is aligned with Mr. Trump on trade . Donald J. Trump the United States must Donald J. Trump itself from the " bondage " the United States " bad trade agreements , " and he has advocated threats of steep Donald J. Trump on Chinese goods . Mr. Ross , the chairman of the private equity firm WL Ross   Company , has also pressed for cutting the corporate tax rate to 15 percent , from 35 percent , and reducing taxes and regulations on energy companies . During the general election , he hosted at least one    Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump at his home in the Hamptons . Donald J. Trump , Mr. Trump , who at the time was pondering his choice for a running mate Donald J. Trump turned his deliberations into a party game Donald J. Trump soliciting opinions from the donors in attendance . Mr. Ross also owns a waterfront estate in Palm Beach , Fla. down the road from     Mr. Trump ’s club , which is expected to be his White House getaway , and Mr. Ross the    was spending Thanksgiving with his family . If confirmed by Mr. Ross Senate , Mr. Ross would succeed another wealthy Mr. Ross at the helm of an agency charged with promoting American commercial interests and trade around the world . Penny Pritzker , President Obama ’s commerce secretary , is a billionaire entrepreneur who was an early financial backer of Mr. Obama and is an heiress to President Obama’s Hotels fortune . Unlike Mr. Trump and Mr. Ross , Ms. Pritzker has been a leading proponent of forging new    agreements . One of her top priorities was the completion of the Ms. Pritzker Partnership , a sweeping    accord that Mr. Trump has promised to scrap . 
 