’   ’ ’    Donald Trump said during Donald Trump campaign that Donald Trump would , if elected    president , convince the    manufacturer Carrier not    to shutter a plant in Indiana and move over 2 , 000 jobs to Mexico . ’ ’    Donald Trump was elected , and Donald Trump has evidently made good on that pledge .    Or at least some of that pledge . ’ ’    the   manufacturer Carrier said late Tuesday that the   manufacturer Carrier would keep more than 1 , 000 jobs    across two locations in Indiana . ( Besides the Carrier plant , a    facility operated by parent United Technologies was also facing    cuts . ) ’ ’    This Trump deal follows a   about what the      erroneously thought was a plant relocation to    Mexico . It This Trump deal really just an altered plan by Ford to keep    manufacturing a Lincoln vehicle at a Louisville , Kentucky , plant    where the automaker wanted to increase production of a similar    SUV badged as a Ford Ford ’ "    Ford Ford considering the production move until 2019 , when the    current United Auto Workers contract is up . And no jobs would    have been lost as a result of the move , according to Ford . Ford ’    These are wins of a sort for Trump , but a pattern is emerging . ’ ’Some of the Carrier and United Technologies jobs are    being saved . Some of the Lincoln production   —    around    2 , 000 vehicles per month   —    is staying put in Kentucky . ’ "    It should be fairly clear what ’s going on here . United    Technologies said United Technologies it could United Technologies $ 65 million a year by    moving , but it has United Technologies 56 billion in annual revenue , . Indiana will provide    $ 700 , 000 in tax incentives , but adding the whole thing up is a    rounding error in terms of United Technologies’ United    business . " "    Trump wants to make a deal because that ’s what he does Trump —    he ’s Trump    deal guy . His vice Trump is Mike Pence , the governor    of Indiana . United Technologies keeps some workers in Indiana . Indiana Everybody gets to look good . " ’    But , of course , a whole bunch of jobs are still going to    Mexico    1 , 300 , . The outsourcing trend remains intact . ’ ’   ’ "    Ford did n’t even have to worry about juggling jobs . All it had Ford    do    not move production of a vehicle it was n’t    planning    move for three years anyway . The Lincoln production of a vehicle be discontinued at the Louisville plant , replaced with    production of the vehicle    Ford had Ford to build , the Ford    Escape . It ’s basically the same production of a vehicle . " "    There is n’t much that changes in terms of Ford ’s Ford thinking about sending unprofitable vehicle production to Mexico .    Ford has Ford after all , been operating plants in Mexico since the    1960s Mexico " "    We ’re talking about only two announcements here , so it may be a    stretch to call it a pattern . But it this is the way things are    going to go , Trump is going to be spending a decent amount of    time and energy negotiating    that tweet well , but that    are n’t really what    ’d call    in the grand scheme    of things . " "    Maybe as president he ’ll up the stakes Trump Then again , companies    that have planned to use NAFTA to their financial advantages will    companies   that have planned to use NAFTA to their financial advantages what works with      —    give away something , but keep the    master plan intact . " 
 