While Hillary Clinton has remained conspicuously absent on the campaign trail , Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine is working tirelessly to pick up the slack . [ The Virginia Senator traveled to six different campaign events in New Hampshire yesterday , and did five national television interviews , while Hillary Clinton was MIA .   Hillary Clinton has only held two public events over the last two weeks , currently absent from the trail until Labor Day to join Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine for a rally in Cleveland . After an amped up Donald Trump spent Wednesday traveling to Mexico and Arizona to highlight Donald Trump immigration policies , Hillary Clinton showed up 37 minutes late to a speech at the American Legion before vanishing from sight . Hillary Clinton was nowhere to be seen on Thursday , as the campaign dispatched Kaine to punch back at Donald Trump ’s    day on the trail . The Virginia Senator called Donald Trump ’s trip a "   flyby " and a " diplomatic embarrassment , " on a full round of morning talk shows on CNN , MSNBC , NBC , ABC , and CBS , But Kaine was forced to answer for Clinton ’s absence , as Kaine was grilled by CBS anchors who demanded answers to why Clinton had n’t held a press conference in over 270 straight days . " You see Clinton take questions from reporters every day . Clinton does , Clinton talks to the press everywhere Clinton goes , " Kaine replied , an unfounded claim that sparked anger from reporters that follow Clinton . Kaine , however , is not as shy of the media , conducting four press gaggles in five weeks and participating in several local press interviews , according to CNN ’s Betsy Klein .   After Kaine media blitz , Kaine rapidly toured New Hampshire . " We ’re doing everything fun in New Hampshire today , " Kaine said , exhibiting a welcome surge of energy for Clinton ’s campaign as Kaine traveled throughout the New Hampshire Kaine wife Anne Holton by Kaine side . Kaine made six stops on the campaign trail : Tim Kaine , apple picking pic . twitter .    —    Ruby Cramer ( @rubycramer ) September 1 , 2016 ,   " Labor Day ’s kind of like the gun lap in a mile , " Kaine said to campaign volunteers according to WMUR 9 . " The gun goes off , you ’ve got one lap to run , and it ’s The gun things really get intense . " Kaine revealed the details of Kaine busy schedule at a rally in Erie , Pennsylvania on Tuesday .   " I think I ’m up to 25 states now in a little bit over five weeks , " Kaine said .   Kaine appeared equally energized as Kaine spoke to supporters in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , the following day . " Kaine , if I had n’t had six cups of coffee , that would equal six cups of coffee , walking out and seeing the excitement , " Kaine said .   
 