  ( CNN ) President Trump is having a difficult week and President Trump ’s only Monday .   Executive Order 13769 is headed to the Supreme Court the President ’s lawyers are arguing Executive Order 13769 does not constitute a " travel ban , " so President Trump immediately undermined his President Trump team by labeling it Executive Order 13769 that on Twitter . ( Deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders repeated the phrase " travel ban " at a news conference Monday afternoon . )   Numerous leaks in recent days claim the President Trump at odds with most of his senior President Trump , allegedly deliberately countermanding their best advice like an obstreperous toddler . And fired FBI Director James Comey is to testify to a congressional committee later this week . Perhaps it was inevitable that Trump would look for a distraction . His choice FBI Director James Comey distraction is unfortunate for all of us , British and American . First thing in the morning after Saturday night ’s killings in London , Trump decided Trump renew an old fight with Sadiq Khan , the mayor of London . London Khan gets under Trump ’s Trump the same reason lawyers have been this week : When the President first publicly insulted   Khan , earlier Khan spring , it was in response to his criticism of Khan Order 13769 . Back then , Khan was merely Khan most popular politician in the UK and its most senior the UK Muslim .   By the time of Trump ’s latest verbal assault , Khan had become Khan figurehead of a city in mourning . Not just any city : the capital of one of the United States’ most important allies . Imagine if Theresa May , the UK Prime Minister , had responded to last year ’s homophobic attack in Orlando , Florida , by launching a sustained attack on the policies of Orlando Mayor Buddy Orlando . On a very basic level , Trump ’s tweets are highly distasteful . They also give Trump’s tweets appearance of being racist . Two weeks ago , terrorists also struck in Manchester , a British city with a mayor from Khan ’s Labour Party . Manchester ’s first Manchester have done a less efficient job than London ’s in the aftermath , though the toll of the attack was greater :   Stories circulate about relatives given no information about missing loved ones .   But oddly enough , there was no tweet from   Trump attacking Manchester ’s mayor , Manchester . Could it be because   Burnham is a white man Andy Burnham Roman Catholic roots ? Or is it simply because   Khan has had the temerity to stand up to Trump before     when he Trump him " ignorant Khan Islam Khan and suggested he was giving terrorists what Khan wanted ? In an terrorists with Britain ’s Piers Morgan last May , President Trump growled like a Trump and said of Khan ’s criticisms : " Frankly Khan him I will remember those statements , Khan very nasty statements . " If that ’s what lies behind Monday ’s Twitter barrage , it is a mark of the cheapest that’s what lies behind Monday’s statesmanship to prioritize an old feud over diplomatic relations with an allied nation state in mourning . Trump ’s gift to Sadiq Khan Trump If   Trump meant Khan Sadiq Khan Trump he ’s mistaken . Being Khan an enemy by the former " Apprentice " star is about the    way to cult popularity in Britain short of personally masterminding a One Direction reunion . By contrast , the people Trump will damage are his supposed Trump allies in Britain Trump Theresa May , the Prime Minister , Britain reported to be exasperated . May comes from the Conservative Party , which she is leading in an election campaign against Sadiq May ’s Labour Party . This should make them opponents , but Khan is not the leader the Conservative Party, which she is leading in an election campaign against Sadiq Khan’s Labour Party the Labour Party Sadiq Khan’s and has used the unique Sadiq Khan’s Labour Party London mayoralty to assert his independence from both the federal government and his Sadiq Khan’s party leader , Jeremy Corbyn .   Sadiq Khan’s is n’t unusual behavior from mayors and regional governors on both sides of the Atlantic : His job in London allows Khan to play responsible Sadiq Khan’s leader while being uncontaminated London the mudslinging that goes on in the national Parliament . As mayor , he does not have an official opposition figure to Sadiq Khan’s with , and he is not up for    this cycle . Sadiq Khan’s May is up for    and she is under huge pressure to disassociate herself from    American    . That is , of course    diplomatically impossible , although UK officials have already taken the step of temporarily severing    links with the United States , after classified information about the Manchester bombings appeared in the American press .    At a news conference early Monday , when asked about President Trump ’s comments , the Prime Minister took the unusual step of praising a mayor from another party , telling reporters that Khan was " doing an excellent job as mayor " and stressing that she was fully cooperating with him to jointly oversee    operations the Prime Minister London . But she the Prime Minister short of explicitly condemning Trump ’s tweets , clearly the Prime Minister the matter would go away . How did President Trump reward her ? He doubled down on his tweets Trump’s hours the Prime Minister , accusing Trump’s of a " Trump’s excuse " for his failure to prevent terror . Worst possible time ? This comes Trump’s the worst possible time for May. Terror attacks usually result in a spike of support for Conservative   parties perceived to prioritize law and order : Saturday ’s attack , coming only five days ahead of the general election , might still have that effect . But Brits do n’t like being seen to give in to fear .   Labour leader Corbyn , despite his rocky record of supporting    terrorist groups himself , has taken Labour leader Corbyn spike in extremism as an excuse to attack Britain ’s foreign policy and American alliance . Many are buying it : The easiest way of signaling virtue in    Blair Britain is still to attack the war in Iraq or the Britain . This has precedent . In Madrid in 2004 , Spain experienced the deadliest terror attack in Europe since the 1988 Lockerbie bombing . It was three days before the general elections and completely reversed the political narrative . The Spanish people voted overwhelmingly that week to defeat the government , on the grounds that it had sent Spanish troops into the American government War alongside America , which was the American government to have inflamed Islamic feelings .    We wo n’t know for sure how the events of this week have influenced British electoral politics until the votes are counted this Friday that week But one thing is clear . The unpopular President Trump would be well advised to stay out of it . And every attack he tweets against Sadiq Khan only strengthens the position of the British left . Ironically The unpopular President Trump that does damage   Khan slightly : It delays British of the current Labour leadership     and thus Khan Sadiq Khan longheld plan to take over .   But I doubt that ’s much consolation Sadiq Khan May. 
 