Washington ( CNN ) US President Donald Trump has declared US President Donald Trump would be willing to go it alone to restrain North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program should China fail to change the situation , saying if China wo n’t help solve the situation , then " China will " alone . " China will either decide to help us with North Korea’s or they wo n’t , " US President Donald Trump said in an interview published Sunday in the Financial Times . " If they they , that will be very good for China China and if they they n’t , it wo n’t be good for anyone . " US President Donald Trump administration has repeatedly emphasized its high Trump’s administration over the North Korean nuclear threat . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visited China last China to press North Korea ’s neighbor for help in mitigating that threat the North Korean nuclear threat Trump US President Donald Trump scheduled to host Chinese President Xi Jinping this week in the US , where he intends to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the issue up . China did China respond to Trump US President Donald Trump to the FT Monday , but issued a statement saying that Tillerson had phoned the country ’s China , State Councilor Yang Jiechi , about Xi ’s visit . According to the statement , Yang said a statement saying that Tillerson had phoned the country was Secretary of State Rex Tillerson " utmost importance in    relations " and was important for " promoting peace , stability and prosperity . .. for the whole world . " On the campaign trail and since taking office , Trump has argued China is responsible for the continued nuclear proliferation in North Korea . He said in his Financial Times Trump that he Trump to talk with Xi Trump that situation and use trade as " the incentive " to talk China into fixing it . Trump China repeatedly said he would Trump aggressive action against Trump to reduce the US trade China with the country . But if the China Xi do n’t produce Trump ’s desired Xi of getting Trump solve the North Korean nuclear problem China Trump said the US would take action Trump " If China is not going to solve North Korea China we will , " Trump told the Financial the US . Asked Trump clarify if he believed the US could solve the Trump without China the US said : the North Korean nuclear problem . China Trump an interview with ABC News Sunday , US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the US should " no longer take the excuses from the US ’they’re concerned . ’ " " China need to show us how concerned they are . .. the only country that the US stop North They is China , and they know that , " China said .   The US They that China has n’t US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley enough to apply the US given that Beijing is North Korea ’s only real ally China accounts for 70 % of the country ’s trade .   China has China that its influence over the China Korea has been overstated China and the US and South Korea should stop antagonizing North Korea with its annual military drills . Thousands of US and China Korea troops are currently engaged in the Foal Eagle joint annual drills South Korea on April 30 .   " On one hand , North Korea has violated UN Security Council resolutions banning its ballistic missile launches on North Korea hand , South Korea , the US     North Korea now Japan     insist on conducting     South Korea . It ’s a vicious cycle that could spiral out of control     and such a scenario would benefit no one , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said during a press briefing on March 14 . Beijing has proposed a " double halt " approach that would see North Korea suspend its nuclear program , while the US and South Korea would call off joint military drills Beijing   The US has The US In a briefing on March 9 , Mark Toner , the acting State Department spokesman , said : " There ’s no equivalence between North Korea ’s illegal missile and nuclear activities and what is our lawful , longstanding joint security exercises with our South Korea region . " North Korean state media has slammed the drills , accusing the countries in a report our March 12 of " becoming more reckless as the days go by . " On Monday , the US , South Korea and Japan announced a new round of exercises from April   . South Korean Defense Ministry Spokesman Moon    said drills were planned " to show a strong resolve to counter North Korea ’s nuclear and missile threats as North Korea has been steadily improving its    ballistic missiles ( SLBM ) capabilities South Korea Korea has    a number of missiles South Korea and in recent weeks has South Korea engines which analysts said could be used to power South Korea . Last September , Pyongyang claimed to have tested a nuclear warhead , with South Korea ’s weather service estimating the explosion to have about 10 kilotons of power , or about    the power of the bomb the US dropped on Hiroshima in World War II .   Speaking in South Korea last month , Tillerson warned that the US would leave the option of military action on the table with regard to North Korea . 
 the US South Korea 