’   ’ ’    MILWAUKEE ( Reuters )    Green Party presidential candidate Jill    Stein said on Thursday Green Party presidential candidate Jill   Stein has raised $ 3 . 5 million to force    recounts of the Nov. 8 election results in Wisconsin , Michigan    and Pennsylvania , three states where Donald Trump scored narrow    wins .   ’ "    The campaign said The campaign exceeded The campaign initial goal for raising $ 2 . 5    million and has enough money to pay Wisconsin ’s $ 1 . 1 million    filing fee due on Friday . At the same time , The campaign said it The campaign raised its    to $ 4 . 5 million , with filing deadlines    approaching in Pennsylvania on Monday and Michigan on Wednesday . " "    Stein is pushing for recounts because experts pointed to       anomalies in the tallies in all three battleground    states , according to the party ’s website .   " ’    Trump , a Republican who ran as an    maverick ,    carried all three states by narrow margins despite public opinion    polls pointing to victories by Hillary Clinton , the Democratic     . ’ ’    " We deserve elections we can trust , " the campaign said , adding    that the effort was not intended to help Clinton . ’ ’’ "    A representative of the   ’s transition team could    not be reached for comment . " ’    But Kellyanne Conway , a senior Trump adviser , suggested that       to force recounts were ironic , given harsh criticism of    Trump before the election when he    not say whether he       accept the result of what he    a " rigged " political system . ’ ’ ’    Look who can’’t accept the election results , " Conway said in a    Twitter message , pointing to a headline in the New York Times    that read " Hillary Clinton Supporters Call for Vote Recount in    Battleground States . " ’ ’    Although Clinton won more Hillary Clinton than Trump on a nationwide basis ,    the real estate developer exceeded the number of votes in the    Electoral College needed to take the presidency . Electoral votes    are apportioned state by state , mostly on a       basis .   ’ ’    ’ ’    little more than 1 percent of the popular vote ,    while Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson came in third    place behind Trump and Clinton .   ’ "    Stein ’s website said that the total cost of recounts in the three    states was $ 6 million to $ 7 million , but it did not explain why the total cost of recounts in the three   states was $6 million to $7 million the campaign ’s new    was only $ 4 . 5 million . " ’    ( Additional reporting by Frank McGurty in New York ; Editing by    Lisa Shumaker ) ’ 
 