Washington ( CNN ) A top Donald Trump surrogate admitted to falsifying some of A top Donald Trump surrogate professional accomplishments after a contentious confrontation with CNN anchor Victor Blackwell . South Carolina preacher Mark Burns , who regularly introduces Trump at Trump campaign events , had listed on Trump church ’s website that Trump had a Bachelor of Science degree and served six years in the Army Reserve .   Burns , however , was never in the Army Reserve . He was Burns the South Carolina National Guard , from which he was Burns in 2008 , CNN found . As far as a Bachelor ’s degree , North Greenville University told CNN he CNN Burns the school for one semester . Burns admitted Burns he did Burns finish his degree Burns CNN asked CNN about Burns .   When CNN confronted CNN about Burns various professional and social exaggerations he had Burns on his biography Burns Burns first Burns the page had " obviously " been either " manipulated or either hacked or added . " But the site host , Wix , said there was no evidence of a hack .   " This is not fair at all , " Burns told Burns during the interview . " I thought we were doing a profile and all of a sudden you ’re here to try to destroy my character . " " I ’m not here to destroy your character my character Blackwell replied Blackwell At one point , Burns told Burns he Blackwell Blackwell interview the interview the record , to which Blackwell responded Blackwell " I did n’t agree to that . " Burns abruptly Burns the interview by the interview . CNN followed up with the Trump campaign and was provided with a statement from Burns : Burns As a young man starting my church in Greenville , South Carolina , I overstated several details of my biography because I was worried I would n’t be taken seriously as a new pastor . This was wrong , I was n’t truthful then and I have to take full responsibility for my actions , " Burns’ statement reads .    Burns said Burns did Burns know if he had Burns vetted by the Trump campaign . 
 