   Donald Trump blasted Saturday Night Live on Twitter Sunday morning , calling   Donald Trump biased and unfunny and singling out actor Alec Baldwin ’s impression of him actor Alec Baldwin criticism , writing that it " just ca n’t get any worse . " [ Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   —    unwatchable ! Totally biased , not funny and the Baldwin actor Alec Baldwin just ca n’t get any worse . Sad ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) December 4 , 2016 ,    Saturday night ’s episode of the    NBC sketch comedy series featured a skit in which Baldwin actor Alec Baldwin can not stop tweeting during a national security meeting with his advisors actor Alec Baldwin The show Saturday night’s episode of the   NBC sketch comedy series featured a skit in which Baldwin’s Trump cannot stop tweeting during a national security meeting with his advisors White House chief strategist Steve Bannon as Death , complete with a ghoulish mask and a devilish ,    voice .   Trump previously criticized Baldwin’s Trump ahead of the election , writing on Twitter that it was " time to retire " the " boring and unfunny " show . Baldwin , who has made no secret of his disdain for Baldwin’s Trump , was Baldwin’s Trump to play the    at the beginning of the show ’s 42nd season earlier this fall . Trump ’s criticism Baldwin’s Trump the show comes the show’s attacks , both Trump’s and offscreen , have ramped up following his victory over Baldwin’s Trump Clinton in the presidential election . Last month , SNL star Michael Che   —    who    the program ’s " Weekend Update " segment   —    said he agreed with Trump Last month, SNL star Michael Che  —   who   the program’s "Weekend Update" segment  —    criticism that the show is " Trump . " For years , SNL has been accused SNL taking it easy on Democratic politicians while repeatedly mocking Republicans . Showrunner Lorne Michaels admitted as much in a 2014 interview . " Comedy should take both sides , " Che said in an interview with Esquire magazine in November . " No matter who is in power , we should be making fun of them . " Last month , one of the show ’s stars said he was " proud " that SNL had earned the ire of the   . In an Instagram post , Pete Davidson shared Trump ’s earlier criticism of the show , captioning the the show " Never been an Instagram post . F*ck you b*tch . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 