The Republican National Committee held a press call addressing Hillary Clinton ’s statement labeling millions of Americans as a " basket of deplorables . " On a press call addressing Hillary Clinton’s statement labeling millions of Americans as a "basket of deplorables , the Trump campaign and supporters declared Clinton ’s comment reveals she Clinton’s as an " elitist " who " actually looks down on all of us . " [ Speaking at a fundraiser in New York City on Friday night , Clinton Clinton , " You know to just be grossly generalistic , you could put half of Trump Trump into what I call the basket of deplorables   …      the racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic , you name it . "   Her comments Clinton’s which later became public , are facing backlash as # basketofdeplorables has been the top trending topic on Twitter for hours , forcing Clinton to Clinton a statement late Saturday afternoon , saying she regretted Clinton of what she had Clinton . " I find it reprehensible , despicable , yet revealing that a former first lady , former secretary of state for this current administration would [ call ]    patriotic , American citizens a basket of deplorable , " Pastor Darrell Scott stated on the call , adding that " millions of Americans are insulted . " " She ’s Clinton letting us see about how she really Clinton about those who do n’t support her , Clinton he added Pastor Darrell Scott " She actually Clinton down on all of us . us Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( ) said Clinton got caught and that her statement Clinton divisive . " This is something that divides , it does This unite . " " It is inconceivable to me that Hillary Clinton Clinton referred to her fellow citizens Clinton —    people that support her opponent , Clinton who are voters   …      that she would refer Clinton them as deplorable people that support her opponent, people who are voters  …      irredeemable , " Blackburn stated . " She has given Clinton an insight into an elitist attitude and what the elites think about normal every day ,    Americans who are sick and tired of what is going on in this country and they are ready   Americans change . " Trump ’s senior communications advisor Jason Miller also joined the press call , adding that Clinton ’s " deplorable " comment reveals a real contrast between the two candidates . While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters , and while many of her supporters will Hillary vote for me , I Hillary respect them all !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) September 10 , 2016 ,   " The clear contrast here , is that Mr. Trump is Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) be president for all Americans   —    black , white , Latino , men , women , everybody   —    and what we saw from Hillary Clinton last night is what she truly thinks about Hillary Clinton and her actions , her Hillary Clinton are what Hillary Clinton truly deplorable here , " Miller declared . Trump also issued a statement , stressing that Clinton ’s " basket Hillary Clinton deplorables " statement reveals " bigotry and hatred for millions of Americans . " " Is n’t it disgraceful that Hillary Clinton makes the Hillary Clinton of the political season and instead of owning up to this grotesque attack on American voters , she tries to turn it Hillary Clinton with a pathetic rehash of the words and insults used in her failing campaign ? For Hillary Clinton first time in a long while , her true feelings came out Hillary Clinton showing bigotry and hatred for millions of Americans , " Trump stated in a press release Saturday afternoon . " How can she be President of our Hillary Clinton when she has the United States and Hillary Clinton for so many great Americans ? Hillary Clinton should be ashamed Hillary Clinton , and this proves beyond Hillary Clinton doubt that she is unfit and incapable to Hillary Clinton as President of the United States . I will be President for all of the people , and together we will Make America Great Again . all of the people 
 the United States 