In the final days of the 2000 Senate race , Bill Cosby appeared with Hillary Clinton at an election eve rally in Buffalo , a working class town where a lot of the locals thought Hillary Clinton was kind of phony . Although Bill Cosby spent millions of dollars , Congressman Rick Lazio would lose the 2000 Senate race , demonstrating how NOT to run against a woman . [ " Cosby Bill Cosby a real asshole from the minute he Congressman Rick Lazio town , " G. D. Parenti , a long time Western New York Democrat who was a volunteer on the Clinton advance team pulling the event together , told me in a recent interview . " He Congressman Rick Lazio the best suite in the city , it was nicer than Hillary ’s suite . He Congressman Rick Lazio calling it it ‘ toilet’ and said the place was a ‘ dump,’ " said Parenti , a Hillary Hillary .   " Cosby told me he would Cosby    with any of the ‘ local ’ as he called Cosby , but would instead be whisked from the holding room to the podium at the boisterous rally . Cosby would Cosby pose for pictures with local dignitaries or fans . I almost got run over by Chuck Schumer elbowing his way Chuck Schumer be in the camera shot with Cosby , Cosby said Parenti who ’s family has been in the accounting business in Western New York for 75 years . " Chelsea Clinton chewed my ass because Schumer was Chuck Schumer on her taped Chelsea Clinton we had laid out in the walk through , " he said Chelsea Clinton " ‘ Parenti . You dumb sunuvabitch,’ she bellowed Chelsea Clinton ‘ I ’m getting you fired,’ she said Chelsea Clinton She seemed Chelsea Clinton when I told her I Chelsea Clinton a volunteer . " Parenti also "‘Parenti me he spoke "‘Parenti the young woman who was the Clinton campaign volunteer assigned as Cosby ’s driver , who told him Cosby "‘Parenti Cosby to Chelsea Clinton room "‘Parenti a glass of wine and got " nasty " after she refused Chelsea Clinton veteran comedian and accused sexual predator the second time . Even now Bill and Hillary refuse to return the donation Cosby gave Cosby the Clinton Foundation , an alleged slush fund for the Clintons and their daughter Bill and Hillary It ’s ironic that Cosby is Cosby friend and donor of the Clintons . Bill Clinton Bill Bill Cosby Cosby accused of being a sexual predator . As I document in my book The Clintons’ War on Women , Bill has allegedly attacked Bill    bit , raped or exposed himself while in a Bill of arousal to Eileen Wellstone , Juanita Broaddrick , Carolyn Moffet , Liz Ward Gracen , Becky Brown , Helen Dowdy , Paula Jones , Kathy Fergusen , Christy Zercher , and Kathleen Willey among dozens of other alleged victims . This is documented by my book The Clintons’ War on Women , which is 445 pages long and backed up with 586 footnotes and a bibliography of 157 books . Just as Cosby ’s wife attacks Cosby ’s victims , Cosby has allegedly attacked those women who claim to have been sexually assaulted or raped by her husband . Thanks Hillary Donald Trump , the mainstream media wo n’t be able to sweep Bill ’s dark past , and Hillary ’s true role Hillary it , under the rug . The media will try the mainstream media the issue is martial infidelity or adultery . The media will even attack the mainstream media his own past regarding marriage . Trump this is about neither . It ’s about the crimes of this assault and rape . In every one of Bill ’s alleged sex crimes , Hillary , I would argue , is an accessory after the fact . It ’s about Hillary . It’ ’s about the Hillary terror campaigns by Hillary to discredit , degrade , Hillary silence Bill ’s alleged victims . It Bill Hillary ’s alleged abuse It’ women and Hillary to crush them to acquire power and wealth . women and willingness to crush them to acquire power and wealth 