’’ ’The New York Times published one of those stories Saturday night that can fundamentally alter a presidential race , reporting that Donald Trump .’ ’Little wonder then that ’Little ’s being called the first October surprise of the election cycle.’ ’There are several reasons why the report could amount to a devastating blow for the Republican presidential candidate.’ ’Here are the main ones :   ’ ’During Monday ’s debate , Hillary Clinton went through several reasons why Donald Trump may be refusing to release Donald Trump tax returns . Whatever the reason , Hillary Clinton concluded , it must be really bad.’ " " And I think probably Donald Trump ’s not all that enthusiastic about having the rest of our country see what the real reasons are , because it must be something really important , even terrible , that Donald Trump ’s trying to hide , " . The Times story fits right into this narrative . " ’A big part of Trump ’s narrative of why Donald Trump should be president is that Donald Trump ’s a great businessman who has managed to make lots of money throughout the years.’ ’He has vowed to transfer those business smarts to the White House . But the tax returns revealed by the Times ’ ’Times ’ ’Slate’ ’’ ’Part of Trump appeal has always been that he Trump Washington insiders have an unfair advantage over the little guy who always ends up getting the short end of the stick . But the Times story suggests Trump Trump one of those bigshots who knows how to game the system .’ ’Tax experts can very well argue ( as they ’Tax experts ) that none of what Trump Trump was illegal but that would seem to matter little when Clinton can make the argument that a man claiming to be one of the wealthiest businessmen in the planet did n’t pay any income tax while working families struggling to make ends meet had to pay up.’ ’Hidden   is a little gem about something the three pages of Trump Trump tax returns showed : " Mr. Trump Trump opportunity to contribute to the New Jersey Vietnam Veterans’ Memorial Fund , the New Jersey Wildlife Conservation Fund or the Children ’s Trust Fund.’ ’He also declined to contribute $ 1 toward public financing of New Jersey ’s elections for governor . " The Times did n’t analyze the candidate ’s federal tax returns it ’s impossible to know how much he donated to the candidate’s that year . But his failure to the candidate’s to these charities helps Clinton make the case that Trump only watched out for himself.’ ’Trump ’s failures to release his tax returns Trump hung over his campaign for Trump . Now , . And not just on how he ’s the Trump candidate in 40 years to refuse to release his returns , Trump also on how he has    Trump the issue.’ ’After all , during the primaries he had vowed Trump eventually release his returns only his returns off that promise later . Trump has said he ca n’t release Trump returns because he Trump audited , Trump everyone has called him out on that as Trump Expect to hear a lot more about this in the coming weeks.’ ’Context is everything . Maybe Trump could have brushed off Trump latest bit of news if it were n’t for the Trump that it comes at the end of what some are calling the worst week of any presidential campaign .’ ’It all began with Trump ’s terrible performance in Trump presidential debate and then continued with him trying to justify the way Trump treated a former Miss Universe Trump a 3 a. m. tweetstorm that had a presidential candidate urging voters to check out a " sex tape . " ’ ’And that ’s without mentioning other potentially devastating news that came out this week , such as   that Trump had illegal dealings with Cuba.’ Trump 