’   ’ "    There ’s an awful lot of angst in the tech industry about what a    Donald Trump administration will do , and if a   Donald Trump administration ’ll follow through    on some of the more divisive promises a   Donald Trump administration made on the campaign    trail . " "    On Tuesday , an Oracle employee working on Oracle ’s      cloud business publicly quit the Oracle George Polisner was    protesting Oracle CEO Safra Catz ’s decision to join Trump ’s    transition team . " ’    Catz was part of a room full of tech industry leaders that met    with the    last week at Trump Tower in New York .    Before the meeting , Catz said Oracle CEO Safra Catz’s " I plan to tell the      that we are with him and Oracle CEO Safra Catz’s help in any way we    we . If he can Oracle CEO Safra Catz’s the tax code , reduce regulation and    negotiate better trade deals , the U. S. technology industry will    be    and more competitive than ever . " ’ ’    Immediately after the meeting ,   even as    she remained in her post she    of Oracle .   ’ ’   ’ ’    Polisner , who is an active Democrat in his state of Oregon , had a    long list of reasons why he was his of a Trump administration ,    ranging from concerns over how Trump will change Social Security    and Medicare to policies on social issues and decisions that will    impact    environment . ’ ’    In his public resignation letter ,     explained , " I am not with    Trump and I am not here    to    him in his way . In fact   —    when his policies his on the    unconstitutional , the criminal and the morally unjust   —    I am here    to oppose him in his possible and legal way . Therefore I must    resign    this once great company . " ’ ’ told Business Insider that he is not    leaving for another job . " Right now I’’m less concerned about    income and more concerned about doing something that impacts    society in a positive way , " he said he ’ "    Catz has not released a note to the troops at Oracle explaining    her decision    be part of Trump ’s team ,   Oracle declined Oracle on Catz ’s   Catz joining    Trump ’s transition team . " ’    In contrast , Apple CEO Tim Cook   out to his troops explaining why     ’ ’   ’ ’    Polisner is hardly a lone wolf . Various employees in the tech    industry have been saying they won’’t help Various employees in the tech   industry a    hypothetical " Muslim registry . " ’ ’   ’ ’    The fears over such a registry stems from campaign promises that    Trump made about Trump Trump of Syrian refugees . Trump    has been asked Trump could be extended to a database of Muslims    in America and has never    denied it .   ’ ’    Trump than 1 , 000 people in the tech community have   not to help    with such a database .    ’    Buzzfeed also asked a few companies if they would go on the    a few companies and vow not to help with such a registry . ’ "    The companies all said they have a few companies on such a a few companies ,    but a growing number of    were willing to say they would    a few companies . This   . a growing number of them ’    Meanwhile ,     their CEO , Ginni Rometty , to take that a step further in several    ways . They want her    " respect our right their refuse participation    in any their S. contracts that violate constitutional and civil    liberties . " ’ ’    They also want her to " ’ ’ their While they her at it , they tacked on their demand for   ’ their Shortly after Trump won the election , Rometty     where she praised some of his    ideas and her ways IBM can work with the federal government    ( which is a huge IBM customer ) . ’ ’    That IBM    too . ’ 
 