’   ’ "    Documentary filmmaker Jason Pollock vehemently defended the     about Michael Brown ’s death during an    interview with CNN host Brooke Baldwin Monday afternoon .   " ’    Pollock , whose documentary , " Strange Fruit , " premiered at the    South by Southwest Festival on Saturday , claims the new security    tape featured in the film points to a    of evidence on the    part of Ferguson police , and a false narrative painted about    Brown by city officials .   ’ ’    At around 1 a. m. the night before he was shot , " you can clearly    see   Brown walking into the store , you see him   Brown make       exchange . He   Brown a little bag of weed for two boxes of       , " Pollock said when Baldwin asked him   Brown tell the    audience what the video showed . ’ ’    " We see a trade take place , " he Baldwin . " The security tape in    question then shows Michael Brown handing the cigarillos back to       employees for what Pollock Pollock is safekeeping until he Michael Brown returns the next day . Towards the end of the video , it appears    that Brown Michael Brown back to the store the following morning . Pollock Pollock implied that Brown went Michael Brown to pick up his cigarillos Michael Brown ’ ’    " Don’’t tell me that he stole Michael Brown the store the store handed him a Michael Brown bag [ of cigarillos ] that they created themselves they .. they who    sees this with their eyes can they what’ ’s happening , " Pollock    said .   ’ ’    Critics of the unearthed footage , however , have fired back    at Pollock and accused Pollock    of doctoring Pollock    video . ’ ’    " I can now confirm that the uncut video the video throwing    [ the    of marijuana ] back to Mike Brown . The filmmaker edited    it out    " said a statement by Jay Kanzler , who represents the    store and its employees . ’ ’    Pollock brushed the criticism aside . " There isn’’t another video , "    he said when Baldwin read Pollock ’s statement . " Bring it on !    Bring it on , Jay . it it on ! " ’ it    He also lambasted police department Jay for what he called    an attempt Jay cover up all the evidence . ’ ’    " [ St . Louis County Chief of Police ] Jon Belmar gave a statement    that he didn’’t know about [ Louis County Chief of Police] new footage ] , " Pollock said .    " Well , Chief Belmar , it’ ’s Jon Belmar report . So either you don’’t    read your report , or    ’s your report " ’ ’    He added : " So the real somebody’ now is : who knew about this    video , when did they know about it , who did they talk to this   video who    covered they up , who wrote the wrong this   video , and how high your report chain does this go ? " ’ ’    Pollock also leveled criticism at the press when Baldwin asked    how he first got his hands on the footage . Baldwin ’ ’ Baldwin " Brooke , I got my hands on this tape because I decided . his hands do    real investigative journalism , because I was tired    watching    how the news was reporting this issue ,    Pollock said , before    laying into the media for its handling of    Trump’ ’s    candidacy and    victory in the 2016 election      ’ ’    " And we wonder how Donald Trump got elected    a man who lies 60    to 70 % of the time . The media could have done its job , " Pollock the media , before Baldwin cut the media off .   ’ ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tProsecutor calls filmmaker Donald Trump pathetic " over new Michael Brown video .   & Brown ’s dad say " bring it on ! "   ’ ’Documentary filmmaker Jason Pollock vehemently . .. ’ ’’ ’’ Pollock    