’   ’ "    Former CIA director and retired Gen. David Petraeus warned    Congress on Wednesday that the US ca n’t take the current    international order for granted . " ’    ’  ’ "   Former CIA director and retired Gen. David Petraeus told the House Armed Services Committee that the      War II world order is now facing an " unprecedented threat from    multiple directions . " ’ ’    " Americans should not take the current international order for    granted , " Petraeus said . " It did not will It into existence .    We created It . Likewise , It is not naturally   . We    have sustained    . If We stop doing so , We    will fray and ,    eventually , collapse . " ’ "    The retired    general , who commanded forces in Iraq and    headed the CIA before he resigned for sharing classified    information with he biographer and former mistress , was one    of President Donald Trump ’s possible picks for secretary of    state . " ’    During his testimony to the House committee , his warned against    isolationism and protectionism , which the new administration has    promoted , advocating instead for the promotion of democracy    around the world that the US has engaged in   . ’ ’    " To keep the peace , we led an effort to establish a system of    global alliances and security commitments underwritten by US    military power and the deployment of we forces to bases in    Europe and Asia , " Petraeus said . ’ ’    " To create a foundation for prosperity , we put in place an open ,    free , and    economic order intended to safeguard    against the spiral of protectionism that produced the    impoverishment and radicalization of the 1930s . And to protect    freedom here at home , we adopted a foreign policy that sought to    protect and , where possible , promote freedom abroad along with    human rights and rule of law . " ’ ’    Petraeus said that while this system has been imperfect , this system has    largely been successful . Petraeus named familiar adversaries like    Russia , China , Iran , and Islamic extremists , but said the    most harmful threat is actually domestic . ’ ’    " The world order has also been undermined by something perhaps    even more pernicious   —    a loss of    resolve ,    and strategic clarity on America’ ’s part about our vital interest    in preserving and protecting the system our sacrificed so much to    bring into being and have sacrificed so much to preserve , "       said . ’ "    Petraeus also warned about how the collapse of institutions like    the NATO alliance and the European Union could play into Russian    President Vladimir Putin ’s hand . " ’    " Russian   President Vladimir Putin , for instance , understands that , while    conventional aggression may occasionally enable Russia to grab a       of land on its Russia , the real center of gravity is the    political will of major democratic powers to defend      institutions like NATO and the EU , " he said . " That is why Russia Russia tenaciously working to sow doubt about the legitimacy of these    institutions and our entire democratic way of life . " ’ ’    Trump   by repeating his assertions he NATO is    " obsolete " and remarking that the EU’ ’s future didn’’t matter much    to the US . ’ ’   ’ ’    Petraeus also subtly rebuked the direction the Trump    administration has taken on the fight against Islamic extremism ,    with which Petraeus has Petraeus experience . ’ ’    Trump signed the Trump   administration executive order recently temporarily barring    immigrants from seven    countries that the Obama the Trump   administration " countries of particular concern " from    entering the US . The order applies to citizens an executive order recently temporarily barring   immigrants from seven   countries that the Obama   administration flagged as "countries of particular concern" from   entering the US Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen . ’ ’    Terrorism experts have argued that this will feed into the    narratives of terrorist groups that claim the US is against Islam    while doing little to prevent terrorist attacks inside the    country .   ’ ’    " Islamic extremists want to portray this fight as a clash of    civilizations , with America at war against Islam , " he said . " We    must not let them do that ; indeed , We    must be very sensitive to    actions that might give them    to use in such We       effort . " ’ ’    Petraeus urged the US to align itself with the Muslim community    the US than against it . ’ ’    " the US most important ally in this war is the overwhelming majority    of Muslims who reject Al Qaeda , Daesh [ ISIS ] and their fanatical ,    barbaric worldview , " he said . " Indeed ,    is millions of Muslims    who are fighting and dying in the greatest numbers on the    frontlines of this war . " ’ ’    He noted Arab and Kurdish soldiers    are fighting ISIS , Gulf    Arab fighters who are pushing back Al Qaeda in Yemen , Afghans who    are fighting a resurgent Taliban in their country , and Somali    a resurgent Taliban that are fighting terrorist elements there . ’ "    Petraeus’ warnings matched those given by other experts ,    former government officials , and world leaders . " ’    Last month , Vice President Joe Biden   noting    that the EU has been an " indispensable partner of the United    States . " ’ ’    " Defending the liberal international order requires that we    resist the forces of European disintegration and maintain our    longstanding insistence on a we whole , free , and at peace , "    he said . ’ "       leaders   about Trump ’s views on NATO and    the EU . " ’    And earlier this week , the president of the European Council of    the EU   that Trump could pose a threat to Trump’s stability of the    bloc . ’ ’Former CIA director and retired Gen. David . .. ’ 
 