" Maybe Donald Trump will do a great job , but you know , Donald Trump scares me a little bit when Donald Trump says all Muslims hate America , " said former Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , during an interview with Breitbart News Daily on Thursday morning . [ " That is n’t true , " former Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma continued .   " What they hate is some of the behavior that America has now embraced . "     Donald Trump did not specify what that " behavior " might be , or why Muslims " hate " it "behavior" The Trump comment to which Coburn former Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma was made during an interview with CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on Wednesday evening .   Cooper Anderson Cooper , " Do you think Islam is at war with the West ? " " I think Islam Islam us , " Trump Trump .   " There ’s something there   …      there ’s a tremendous hatred there .   There ’s a tremendous hatred .   We us to get to the bottom of it .   There is an unbelievable hatred of us us " " In Islam Islam " Cooper Anderson Cooper . " You ’re gon na have to figure that out , okay ? " said Trump Trump " You ’ll get another Pulitzer , right ?   But you ’re gon na have to figure that out . " " There is a tremendous hatred , and we have us be very vigilant , we have us be very careful , and we ca us allow people coming into this country who have this hatred of the United States , and of people who are not Muslim . " Cooper Anderson Cooper if the war Trump Trump was between " radical " Islam or Islam in its Trump . " It ’s radical , but it ’s It hard to define , " said Trump Trump   " It ’s It hard to separate , because you do n’t know who ’s who . " " Look , these two young people that got married , " he Anderson Cooper , referring to the San Bernardino jihadis .   " She supposedly radicalized him Anderson Cooper —    who knows what happened ?   The bottom line is , they killed these two young people people .   They gave these two young people baby these two young people .   I mean , they were these two young people of theirs , these two young people they walked these two young people and they killed these two young people . these two young people " There ’s an unbelievable hatred , " Trump repeated Trump   " You look at Paris , 138 people killed .   Many , many going to die in the hospital   —    mortally wounded , horribly wounded , horribly wounded .   And they walk these two young people a room and boom , boom , boom .   There ’s a sickness going on that ’s unbelievable .   And honestly , you have to get to the bottom of it . " Although Trump ’s comments have been treated as outrageous and beyond the pale , at some level he ’s Trump the same thing Coburn did , in a blunter and much broader way .   Unless Coburn elaborates Coburn precisely which American behavior he thinks Trump " hate , " the difference between these two analyses is a matter of ( considerable ) degree .    Trump also Trump it was important to " figure out " why Islam is angry with the West and " get to the bottom of it , Islam which has been the official position of the U. S. government since shortly after the    attacks .   Government and military personnel have been subjected to countless lectures on the topic , sometimes with a very poor choice of lecturer . The distinction between " radical " and mainstream Islam is also a matter of official policy , repeated by nearly every politician in both major parties .   Trump ’s comments would suggest he thinks Trump radicals are much more numerous than the " tiny minority of extremists hijacking the Religion of Peace " talking point familiar in the     era , and he ’s Trump asking if something about Islam makes radicalization easier than other religions .   He is Trump the only person to ask that question , but major political figures rarely do it , nor do they use major political figures indelicate language . Trump is indisputably correct about the difficulty of separating radicals from the general population   —    a point often raised by critics of his proposed Trump on Muslim immigration , which he appears Trump reference in this interview .    Intelligence and law enforcement agencies constantly speak of the difficulty of detecting radicals and intercepting them before radicals can radicals terrorist attacks .     officials frequently complain they lack officials manpower to follow up on every lead .    For example , in a February 2015 interview with CNN , FBI    chief Michael Steinbach said his agency chief Michael Steinbach not track all of the Americans who might journey overseas to fight with ISIS and return , and said it was simplistic to refer to the Islamist terror threat in America as " sleeper cells , " because the threat the Islamist terror threat in America complex and diffuse than that .   Steinbach also chief Michael Steinbach the FBI has seen children as young as 15 recruited by ISIS , ISIS with the encouragement of their parents . children as young as 15 recruited by ISIS anyone truly dispute Trump ’s characterization of mass murders like San Bernardino and Paris as " sick " examples of " unbelievable hatred ? " The issue here is one of emphasis and choice of verbiage , which is surely important with Presidents and presidential candidates   —    talking is a big part of their job , Presidents and presidential candidates   every word carries exceptional weight .   The implication drawn from Trump ’s words is that he thinks all , or most , of Islam hates the West and its values   —    a natural consequence of using words like " unbelievable " and " tremendous " to describe that hatred , and Trump ’s refusal Trump employ the standard rhetorical hedge that he thinks only Trump very small number of Muslims harbor such feelings .   The exact size and composition   of the radical and    population is one of the most important , and difficult , policy questions facing the Western world .    Trump , in Trump , entered a very delicate debate in a most indelicate way , and the sum of his remarks is Trump likely to generate outrage than most of his individual observations Trump The " war with Islam " discussion begins about nine minutes into the CNN video clip of Trump ’s interview Trump : You can listen to Tom Coburn ’s full interview with Breitbart News Daily below : 
 