The European Union ’s ( EU ) chief Brexit negotiator has attacked Breitbart for expanding into Europe , after calling Nigel Farage and Donald Trump " clown[s ] " who work with a " ring of autocrats " including Vladimir Putin and Turkey ’s Islamist leader . [ " Not only do they like each other , they also have one thing in common , " Guy Verhofstadt said . " Bashing and destroying our way of thinking , our values , our European liberal democracy . "   In a speech to the EU Parliament , the former Belgian Prime Minister went on to attack " Trump ’s strategic adviser [ Stephen K. ] Bannon [ who ] wants to launch the former Belgian Prime Minister    website Breitbart in Paris and Berlin to undermine French and German elections . " " the former Belgian Prime Minister has already done this in the U. S. , " the former Belgian Prime Minister added . Plenary speech on    relations   —       cronies of Erdogan , Putin and also Trump are undermining Europe from within . Let ’s not allow this to happen . Let ’s fight back . My speech during today ’s plenary . Posted by Guy Verhofstadt on Tuesday , 22 November 2016 ,    Guy Verhofstadt also claimed Guy Verhofstadt was financing " nationalist , populist and   " movements in the EU . " And let ’s face it , Trump is no better than that , " Trump continued . " The cronies of Erdogan , Putin and also Trump are undermining Europe from within . Let ’s not allow this happen . Let ’s fight back , " he added Putin Twitter . He also Putin the prospect of Nigel Farage promoting British interesting in the U. S. " I think one clown in Washington is more than enough , " he blasted Putin repeating the statement on Twitter shortly Twitter . " Trump wants even to take over the task of Trump Majesty the Queen by appointing the ambassadors in the future for Britain , " Trump added . "   …      It should be interesting that Trump should tell us that [ Trump is ] ‘ taking back control’ in Britain . Britain One clown in Washington is more than enough # EPlenary https :   .    —    Guy Verhofstadt ( @GuyVerhofstadt ) November 22 , 2016 ,   Mr. Verhofstadt —   Guy Verhofstadt (@GuyVerhofstadt) with Mr. Farage and other Eurosceptics in the past and will work alongside the notoriously    French diplomat Michel Barnier to represent the European Commission in talks with the UK . Yesterday , Mr. Verhofstadt told —   Guy Verhofstadt (@GuyVerhofstadt) conference that , " It is impossible to find a solution [ to Brexit ] that would destroy the    four freedoms . " " These four freedoms are the   four freedoms are a basic element of the   four freedoms European Union : the freedom of movement of goods , services , capital and of people , " he said . " —   Guy Verhofstadt (@GuyVerhofstadt) will certainly never accept whatever development where these four freedoms are put at the   four freedoms 
 