’   ’ ’    Donald Trump boasted in 2005 to Billy Bush about being able to    " grab " women " by the     " because " when you’’re a star they let    you do it , " in a shocking audio and video recording that emerged    Friday . ’ ’    The recording , which was picked up by a hot mic and   on Friday , happened while    Trump was talking with Billy Bush of " Access Hollywood . " The two    were aboard a bus and were arriving on the set of " Days of Our    Lives " to tape a segment for Trump’ ’s upcoming cameo on the soap    opera . ’ ’    The video of the incident includes Trump saying a litany of crude    remarks . ’ ’    In a Friday statement from Trump , which came almost immediately    after the story was published , Trump called Trump commentary    " locker room banter . " ’ ’    " This was locker room banter , a private conversation that took    place many years ago , " Trump said . " Bill Clinton has said far    worse to Bill Clinton on the golf course   —    not even close . I apologize if    anyone was offended . " ’ ’    In an extraordinary rebuke of the party’ ’s presidential nominee ,    Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus said in a    statement : " No woman should ever be described in these terms or    talked about in this manner . Ever . " ’ "    The tape began with Trump discussing a failed attempt to seduce a    woman . a   woman name was not mentioned in The tape . " ’    " I moved on her and I a   woman , " he said . " I’’ll admit it . " ’ ’    ’ ’    Post , the The tape recorded several months after    he married his third he , he . ’ ’    " I did try and      her , " Trump a   woman said . " She was married . a   woman ..    And I moved on her very heavily . a   woman fact , I took her out    furniture a   woman . She wanted to get a   woman furniture . I said ,    ’’ I’’ll show you where they have some nice furniture . ’’ " ’ ’    " I moved on her like a       a   woman I could n’t get there , " he    continued . " And she was married . a   woman all of a sudden I see her ,    she a   woman now got a   woman    phony      and everything . She’ ’s totally    changed her look . " a   woman ’    At that point , Trump and Bush noticed an actress , Arianne    Zucker , who was waiting to take them onto the set . ’ Trump and Bush    " I’’ve got ta use some tic tacs , just in case I start kissing her , "    Trump said I’’ve " You Trump Trump attracted to beautiful   —      I just start kissing them . It’ ’s like a magnet Trump and Bush Just kiss . I don’’t    even wait . " ’ ’    " And when you’’re a star they let you do it , " Trump and Bush continued .    " You can Trump anything . . .. Grab them by the     . You can Trump and Bush    anything . " ’ ’       presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’ ’s campaign called    the tape " horrific . "    ’    " This is horrific , " the campaign tweeted from her account . ’s campaign    can Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’ allow this man to become president . " ’ "    The release of the audio comes two days before Trump and    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton are scheduled to    meet for the second of three debates . Clinton during the first    debate brought up Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s history of crude comments about women Trump    Earlier this week , Trump suggested many of those past comments     Trump ’ ’ 
 