  ( CNN ) California Sen. Dianne Feinstein is uniquely situated at the center of the ongoing probe into Russia ’s involvement in the 2016 election as California Sen. Dianne Feinstein sits on both the Senate intelligence and judiciary committees . ( California Sen. Dianne Feinstein is the    Democrat on the judiciary committee . ) California Sen. Dianne Feinstein centrality to all of this means that when she California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , we would do well to listen . Sen. California Sen. Dianne Feinstein rise : How one badass woman fought to keep going , And , man , did she have something How one badass woman say Friday . Here ’s her full statement How one badass woman President Donald Trump ’s latest tweets about the special counsel investigation being led by former FBI Director Bob Mueller : " I ’m growing increasingly concerned that the President will attempt to fire not only Robert Mueller , the special counsel investigating possible obstruction of justice , but also Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein who appointed Mueller . " The message the President is the President his tweets is that the President believes the rule the President law does n’t apply to him and that anyone the President thinks otherwise will be fired . That ’s undemocratic on its face and a the rule of law violation of the President ’s oath the President . " First of all , the President has no authority the President Robert Mueller . That authority clearly lies with the no authority to fire Robert Mueller —   or in this case , because the attorney general has recused himself , the attorney general attorney general . Rosenstein the attorney general under oath the attorney general would not fire Mueller the attorney general good cause and that none Robert Mueller the attorney general " And second , if the President thinks he can fire the President General Rosenstein the President replace him with someone who will shut down the attorney general ’s in for a rude the attorney general . Even his staunchest supporters will balk at such the attorney general blatant effort to subvert the law . " the attorney general ’s becoming clear to me that the President has embarked on an effort the President anyone with the ability to bring any misdeeds to light , be that Congress , the media or the Justice Department . The Senate should not let that happen . We ’re a nation of laws that apply equally to everyone , a lesson the President would be wise to learn . the President a few lines worth reading again : * " The message the President is sending through his tweets is that the President the rule of law the President n’t apply to the President . " * " If the President thinks he the President fire Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein the President him with the President who will shut down the investigation , he ’s in for a rude awakening . " * Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein the President ’s becoming clear to me that the President has embarked on an effort to undermine anyone with the President to bring any misdeeds to light . " * " We ’re a nation of laws that apply equally to everyone , a lesson the President would be wise to learn . " Any one of the President is a      fastball thrown way , way inside . Taken all altogether , it ’s a statement very clearly designed to send a message to Trump .   That message ? Enough ! Time to It acting like a president . To be clear : Feinstein is a Democrat . a message one of the most Democratic states in the country and risks absolutely nothing , politically speaking , by issuing a statement Feinstein this one that blisters Trump . But she is also one of the institutions in the Senate , having spent the last 25 years in the chamber Trump Unlike her Feinstein colleague Barbara Boxer , who retired in 2016 , Feinstein is not seen as terribly partisan and generally enjoys strong     Feinstein .    Of his relationship with Feinstein , Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley ( ) told Roll Call newspaper in February : " Every conversation that Feinstein ’ve had Feinstein her now that she ’s ranking member has been not only friendly , but has been productive , and these little     that Feinstein see us Feinstein when the committee ’s actually functioning , work things out right then . " In short : Feinstein is n’t just a predictable partisan or someone who pops off at the slightest political provocation . This statement is a purposeful Feinstein to make clear that Trump has crossed a line and that he needs to take one big step back . My prediction : He wo n’t . 
 Trump Trump 