It ’s a    tradition for politicians to deny any interest in the vice presidency . But this year , with the possibility of Donald J. Trump as the Republican nominee , they really mean this year . " Never , " said Chris Schrimpf , a spokesman for Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , who is still running against Donald J. Trump as the Republican nominee . " No chance . " " Hahahahahahahahaha , " wrote Sally Bradshaw , a senior adviser to Jeb Bush , when asked if he Jeb Bush consider it . " Scott Walker has a visceral negative reaction to Trump Donald J. Trump as the Republican nominee , " said Ed Goeas , a longtime adviser to the Wisconsin governor . Or , as Senator Lindsey Graham put it , " That ’s like buying a ticket on the Titanic . " A remarkable range of leading Republicans , including Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina and Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona , have been emphatic publicly or with their advisers A remarkable range of leading Republicans, including Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina and Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona allies that they do A remarkable range of leading Republicans, including Gov. Nikki Haley of South Carolina and Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona want to be considered as Mr. Trump ’s running mate . The recoiling amounts to a rare rebuke for a   : Politicians usually signal that they are Politicians interested politely through back channels , or submit to the selection process , if only to burnish their national Politicians . But Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s singular track record of picking fights with obvious potential running mates like Senator Marco Rubio of Florida , who has indicated a lack of interest in the vice presidency generally and has yet to reconcile with Mr. Trump publicly Mr. Trump’s Haley and another potential pick , Gov. Susana Martinez of New Mexico , have sharply criticized Mr. Trump at recent Mr. Trump’s and do not want to be associated with his    tone , according Mr. Trump’s advisers and close associates who have spoken with these Republicans . Several Republican consultants said their clients were concerned that Several Republican consultants Trump ’s unusually high Mr. Trump’s with all voters and his unpopularity among women and Hispanics Mr. Trump’s doom him as a general election candidate Mr. Trump’s damage their own future political prospects if all voters and his unpopularity among women and Hispanics were on his ticket . all voters and his unpopularity among women and Hispanics , elected Mr. Trump’s do have a way of coming around to the vice presidency , and Mr. Trump said in an interview on Saturday that he was in the early stages Mr. Trump mending fences and building deeper relationships with leading Republicans . And in a sign of growing acceptance that Mr. Trump is their likely nominee Mr. Trump Republicans made he was in the early stages of mending fences and building deeper relationships with leading Republicans clear that they would join him on the ticket several Republicans they think Mr. Trump can win , or several Republicans they Mr. Trump the call to serve as several Republicans duty . Newt Gingrich , the several Republicans House speaker , as well as Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and the retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson , said in interviews that they would consider joining the ticket if Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, as well as Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and the retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson Trump offered . Two governors , Chris Christie of New Jersey and Mary Fallin of Oklahoma , have also told allies that they were open to being Mr. Trump allies running mate . " If a potential president says I need you , it would be very hard for a patriotic citizen to say no , " Mr. Gingrich said . " People can criticize a nominee , but ultimately there are very few examples of people turning down the vice presidency . " Mr. Trump , who could well become Mr. Trump prospects and has no favorite in mind , he said in the interview . Mr. Trump said he wanted someone with " a strong political background , who was well respected on    Hill , who can help me with legislation Mr. Trump and who could be a great president . " He declined to discuss potential picks in any detail , but he briefly praised three governors as possible contenders   —    Mr. Kasich Mr. Trump Mr. Christie and Rick Scott of Florida   —    Mr. Trump said he would also consider candidates who were women , black or Hispanic . ( A spokeswoman for Mr. Scott said he was focused on Mr. Trump governor . ) Asked if he was surprised about the array of Republicans Mr. Trump mate Rick Scott of Florida   Mr. Trump said : " I do n’t care Rick Scott of Florida   Whether people support or endorse me or not , it makes Rick Scott of Florida   influence on the voters . Historically , people do n’t vote based on who is vice president . I want someone who can help me govern . " A cross section of leading Republicans agree that his most sensible choice would be an experienced female governor or senator , given that he would most likely face Hillary Clinton in November and need support from a someone who can help me govern of white women to offset her strong support among blacks and Hispanics . Yet someone who can help me govern Clinton is currently ahead of Mr. Trump with white women by    percentages , according to a recent CBS Hillary Clinton . The pool of Republican women in major Hillary Clinton relatively small , and Mr. Trump has already alienated some of them . Governor Haley denounced him for not quickly disavowing support from the former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke , and Governor Mr. Trump criticized his remarks about Hispanics . Republican women governors endorsed Senator Rubio Governor Haley president a Martinez spokesman said she " is n’t interested in serving as vice president , " while a Haley Governor Martinez declined to comment . " There are some Republicans who would ’ve Governor Martinez yes to a Martinez spokesman with Romney or McCain or Bush but would say no to Trump , " said Curt Anderson , a Republican strategist , referring to the party ’s last three presidential nominees . " The issue is , no one knows what we ’re dealing with here . Is it possible that Trump faces a historic landslide loss ? Sure . Is it possible he beats the hell out of Clinton ? Sure . No one knows   —    no one has Trump Trump right for a long time . " Even Governor Fallin Trump Oklahoma , who has not ruled out running with Mr. Trump , has expressed uncertainty about what he would Trump like as a leader , according to close associates who have spoken to her . Ms. Fallin , in a Trump , would not discuss Mr. Trump , Trump said the nation ’s challenges were too great for " business as usual " political solutions . " Any discussion of other service I might be asked to Trump my country is flattering but premature , " she said . David Winston , a veteran Republican pollster , said Mr. Trump ’s first challenge in finding a running mate was lowering his unfavorability ratings of 60 percent or more , Ms. Fallin prominent politicians Mr. Winston if he Trump turn those figures around . Mr. Winston dismissed the notion   Trump    put forward by some Trump advisers   —    that the candidate could improve his Trump by picking Trump woman , a Hispanic , or other figure with demographic appeal . " He simply wo n’t be able Trump convince any    candidate to run with him if he ca n’t get those unfavorable the candidate down , " Mr. Winston said . Mr. Trump ’s best hope may be Republican enmity for the candidate Clinton , some Republicans strategists said . They predicted that Mr. Trump would the candidate have the candidate options than his skeptics might assume because Trump ultimately unify in June and July with a deep and shared determination to beat her , and the traditional thrill Trump considered for some Republicans strategists president could then kick Trump . " I think he may have more choices than many people would suspect , because a lot of people will be flattered to be asked , " said Russ Schriefer , a Republican adviser to the Romney campaign in Trump and to Mr. Christie during his 2016 presidential bid . Mr. Schriefer emphasized that he had not talked to Mr. Christie about the vice presidency , but other Christie confidants Mr. Schriefer spokesman , asked about the governor ’s willingness , pointed to Mr. Christie ’s response about Mr. Christie vice presidency at a recent news conference , Mr. Schriefer he said he would Mr. Christie offer " for any position in government . " As a political other Christie confidants , Mr. Trump will be widely judged on whom he chooses   —    and how and Mr. Christie he chooses the person   —    Mr. Trump and other Republican Mr. Christie to Mr. Trump pick to the vice presidency for the kind Mr. Trump advisers he would Mr. Christie as Mr. Christie . " This is a big deal because it Mr. Trump the first major Mr. Trump he ’ll be making as the Mr. Trump , and it ’s important that the American public see his    process and how he goes through Mr. Trump such a big decision , " said Scott W. Reed , the U. S. Chamber of Mr. Trump ’s senior strategist . Mr. Trump than elected officials , Mr. Trump also said he was open to people with This national security experience   —    which some Republicans think should be his top This . " What Donald Mr. Trump is the most Mr. Trump , most qualified foreign policy mind in Washington , and somebody that would immediately bring calm to the Mr. Trump political waters that always seem Mr. Trump around him , " said Joe Scarborough , a former Republican congressman from Florida who now hosts " Morning Joe " on MSNBC . He suggested Robert M. Gates , the former defense Mr. Trump , but was more circumspect Florida asked if he was willing to be Mr. Trump ’s running mate himself . " I Mr. Trump have a lot of strong opinions about who it should be . ( Not me ! ! Mr. Trump , " wrote Mr. Mr. Trump who served on the House Armed Services Committee and who has a good relationship with Mr. Trump . Other Republicans were more open about joining Mr. Trump on the ticket . Senator Sessions , who is advising Mr. Trump on foreign policy , said he would send his Mr. Trump information to the Trump campaign if it wanted to Mr. Trump . Mr. Carson , who was a Republican presidential candidate and Mr. Trump Mr. Trump before dropping out and Mr. Trump him , Mr. Trump he would prefer to remain Mr. Trump outside adviser to Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump added that he was willing to join the ticket if he would " Mr. Trump that other people would n’t bring Mr. Trump " For Mr. Trump , the singular experience of being vice president Mr. Trump his personal tax information administration is still hard Mr. Trump imagine . Buttonholed on Capitol Hill last Mr. Trump , two prominent Republican senators , Tim Scott of South Carolina and Susan Collins of Maine , almost giggled when asked if they would Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s running mate . " I ’m the ticket by my phone , " Ms. Collins said . Mr. Scott , whose appeal as a black Republican could be an advantage for Mr. Trump , repeatedly Mr. Trump he would be willing to run with Mr. Trump . Finally , asked if he would not rule himself out , he replied , " I ’m not ruling myself in . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump two prominent Republican senators, Tim Scott of South Carolina and Susan Collins of Maine Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Susan Collins of Maine 