  ( CNN ) Donald Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , personally assured skittish acquaintances the    did n’t really believe some of the more outrageous claims Jared Kushner was making , according to a new New York magazine profile .   " Back when Donald Trump was spinning birther conspiracy theories , which were lapped up by gullible Republicans , one person who talked to Jared Kushner says Donald Trump offered assurances that Donald Trump     did n’t really believe that stuff , " the report says . Kushner , a key adviser to Donald Trump , is expected to play an influential role in the new administration and is reportedly taking steps toward preventing conflicts of interest from his own real estate business dealings . It ’s unclear whether his and wife Ivanka Trump will hold official positions , but wife Ivanka Trump team is confident that , at a minimum , the   ’s daughter and     can act as informal advisers once his ’s in the White House . One sign they the  ’s daughter and     serious : the    family recently settled on a home in Washington , DC . The    is expected to address his The    and his The    ’s participation in his The    in a news conference this week . Ivanka Trump ’s husband was raised in New Jersey , the son of Charles Kushner , who found success in the residential real estate industry . The elder Kushner went to prison for nearly a year in the early 2000s for criminal tax evasion and witness tampering . Jared The elder Kushner his political interest at a young The elder Kushner   —    Charles Kushner was a prominent The elder Kushner The elder Kushner President Al Gore attended a fundraiser at the family home ,     Jared introduced the candidate , one attendee told New The elder Kushner magazine . When his     announced his presidential bid , Kushner ultimately The elder Kushner guide the The elder Kushner to victory , The elder Kushner a data operation the candidate tech    feel that influenced the campaign ’s decisions from advertising to fundraising to voter targeting .   In a December meeting of business leaders for the Partnership for New York City , Kushner told the crowd he will now take a The elder Kushner , not policymaking The elder Kushner , attendees told the magazine . Per the report , Kushner suggested the new administration would take a " The elder Kushner " position on immigration . He predicted infrastructure investments from roads and bridges to The elder Kushner cars , Rice reported .   As Kushner takes a victory lap and prepares for Washington The elder Kushner , his belief in Trump and his message has n’t The elder Kushner . " People say The elder Kushner Trump ) is unhinged , " Kushner told an associate Trump the report . The elder Kushner I think he unhinged everyone else . " 
 The elder Kushner 