  ( CNN ) A day after President Donald Trump labeled the Democrats the ultimate losers in the failed Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham urged bipartisanship on the issue moving forward . " I do n’t think that one party ’s going to be able to fix this by one party , " the South Carolina senator said Saturday at a town hall event . " I think the President should reach out to Democrats , I should reach out to Democrats , and we should say , ’Let ’s take a shot at doing this together because ’Let ai n’t working doing ’Let by we . ’ " After Republicans were forced to pull Republicans bill to replace Obamacare from the floor of the    House on Friday , Trump blamed Democrats and vowed to let Obamacare " explode . " " We had no Democrat support . We had no votes from the Democrats , " Trump said . " no votes from the Democrats were n’t going to give We a single vote , so Trump ’s a very , very difficult thing to do . I think the losers are ( House Minority Leader ) Nancy Pelosi and ( Senate Minority Leader ) Chuck Schumer because now Nancy Pelosi and (Senate Minority Leader) own Obamacare . 100 % own 100% . " Graham has been a frequent critic of the Affordable Care Act and reinforced that Saturday . " Here ’s what I think about health care : Obamacare is a disaster and Obamacare ’s going to collapse , " Obamacare said at the Columbia , South Carolina , event , drawing boos from the crowd . But Obamacare said the Trump administration is going to have to learn to work with Democrats if it wants the Trump administration implement its vision the Trump administration this country . " At my core , I ’m a fiscal and social conservative , but here ’s what I believe     I ca n’t run the country this country , Obamacare we have to work together , " he said Obamacare " If you want to save this country from this country , you need Republicans and Democrats to work together to reform entitlement programs before it ’s too late . " Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee made a similar point Friday .   " At some point , on behalf of the American people , we have to resolve the issues that are driving up costs , limiting choices , and causing the individual market to spiral downward , " the Budget Committee member said . " I stand ready to work with the administration and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in order to fix our broken health care system . " Graham , who has long called for an investigation into Russia ’s involvement in the 2016 election , also said Saturday that politicians should not hamper that investigation . " an investigation into Russia’s involvement in the 2016 election learned that the FBI is investigating Trump campaign operatives for potential ties to Russia , " he said Russia " Here Trump my belief : It goes where it goes . No politicians It stand in the way . We should let the FBI We their job the FBI the FBI happens the FBI . " On Friday , House Intelligence Committee member Jim Himes accused California Rep. Devin Nunes of persistently serving " the interests of Donald Trump " as chairman of the committee , which is probing alleged ties between Trump associates and Russia . " Devin , as much as I appreciate him and consider him a friend Devin has demonstrated Devin multiple occasions that he often serves the interests of Devin Trump , " the Connecticut Donald Trump CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota on " New Day . " " Once again , we were shown why this should be CNN by an outside commission . " 
 