  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Tuesday signed an executive order curbing the federal government ’s enforcement of climate regulations , a move that represents a sharp reversal from President Donald Trump predecessor ’s position . The Obama administration put in place a number of programs that attempted to address the impact of climate change , including rising sea levels and temperatures .   President Donald Trump said those actions harmed American businesses . " With today ’s executive action , I am taking historic steps to lift the restrictions on American energy , to reverse government intrusion and to cancel    regulations , " President Donald Trump said at an event marking the signing of the executive order . Here ’s a look at six climate change policies affected by President Donald Trump executive orders : What Trump President Donald Trump executive order on climate change means for the world , Climate Action Plan   This 2013 plan rolled out by President Barack Obama focused on three areas : cutting carbon pollution in America , preparing infrastructure for the impact of climate change and making the United States a global leader on efforts to combat climate change . It This 2013 plan called for reduction of greenhouse gases , a strategy on methane and a commitment to protect forests .   Trump ’s executive order rescinded the plan .   Executive order on climate change , Obama instructed the federal government to prepare for the impact of climate change in a 2013 executive order .   It the federal government a Council on Climate Preparedness and Resilience , charged with overseeing such a national effort . The a Council on Climate Preparedness and Resilience made up of representatives from across the the federal government work with a task force of state , local and tribal leadership also created by Obama Obama . On Tuesday , Trump revoked Obama ’s Obama . Clean Power Plan , This 2015 plan limits carbon pollution Clean Power Plan . It sets goals of reducing greenhouse emissions 32 Clean Power Plan from 2005 levels by 2030 . It also requires states to meet specific carbon Clean Power Plan reduction standards based on their individual energy consumption and offers states incentives states early deployment of renewable energy . The Clean Power Plan is not in effect Clean Power Plan the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit . Critics , including EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt , say it was the Obama " administration ’s effort to kill jobs across this country through the Clean Power Plan . " Under Trump ’s executive order Clean Power Plan review three of the rules in the plan and decide how EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt deal with them .   Moratorium on federal Clean Power Plan , The Obama administration placed a moratorium Trump’s executive order coal leasing on federal lands in 2016 . the Obama "administration’s n’t affect leases already in effect but paused new applications .   Environmentalists had long criticized the practice , saying coal companies paid so little for their leases that the US government and taxpayers were subsidizing coal production , which harmed health and coal companies environment .   The former administration wanted more transparency , including a public database on the carbon emitted from fossil fuels developed on public lands . Trump ordered Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke to lift the moratorium . " My administration is putting an end to the war on coal , " Trump said .   The former administration ’s ’growing threat to national security’ This presidential memo in 2016 outlined Trump " growing threat to national security " that climate change poses . It stated that federal government policy was " to ensure that the current impacts of climate change , This presidential memo in 2016 those anticipated in the coming decades , be identified and considered " in terms of national security policies and plans . That memo and two others were revoked Tuesday . Waters of the United States , This 2015 rule put the Environmental Protection Agency in charge of protecting streams and wetlands , with the aim of protecting water sources from " pollution and degradation , " according to an EPA statement at the time . It gives the government the authority to protect ponds and other small the Environmental Protection Agency of water from pollution . an EPA statement at the time signed an executive order in February calling for a review of the rule . " The EPA ’s    ’Waters of the United States’ rule is one of the worst examples of federal the Environmental Protection Agency the Environmental Protection Agency he said on February the rule " very destructive and horrible . " There was no mention of the rule ’Waters of the United States’ rule review by Trump on Tuesday but ’Waters of the United States’ rule said the measures he was taking enhance the environment . " This will allow Trump EPA to focus on its primary ’Waters of the United States’ rule of protecting our ’Waters of the United States’ rule and protecting our water , " he said . 
 ’Waters of the United States’ rule the EPA our 