Washington ( CNN ) Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump could announce Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump running mate pick before the party ’s convention to help drum up excitement heading into Cleveland , a source familiar with the process told CNN .   Trump , who has repeatedly said Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump choice for vice president was down to as few as four candidates though sources tell CNN the list is closer to seven , and Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump aides had previously said the pick would likely be announced at the party’s convention . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich are among the finalists , sources confirmed to CNN CNN Thursday . Christie     a former Trump rival turned top defender     has received the official paperwork for the vetting process , according to a source with knowledge of events . And Gingrich former House Speaker Newt Gingrich being " seriously considered " for the job , a Trump Christie    a former Trump rival said . In choosing either Christie Christie     Gingrich former House Speaker Newt Gingrich Trump Christie    a former Trump rival satisfy his Christie    a former Trump rival for someone with political experience who could help him Christie    a former Trump rival his Christie    a former Trump rival agenda through Congress . The New York Times was first to report Christie Christie     . The Washington Post reported Thursday evening that Gingrich former House Speaker Newt Gingrich also being vetted , with Sens . Jeff Sessions ,    and Bob Corker ,    also    as final contenders , but a source very close to the campaign said the Post ’s report was inaccurate . The source a source very close to the campaign however , that a surprise choice could also be in store . Trump is also meeting with Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Saturday at the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey , a source with knowledge of the meeting told CNN . Pence spokesman Marc Indiana Gov. Mike Pence told CNN on Friday CNN the meeting is the meeting with the meetings that Mr. Trump is Trump many key party leaders . " A Trump adviser told CNN Trump is being considered for VP . Trump ’s campaign chairman Trump has been pushing the idea of Pence as his running mate , CNN Pence to Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort source .   A top Trump surrogate , Though Christie Trump against Trump in the GOP primary Trump the two have been    friends and Christie quickly endorsed Trump and became Christie reliable Trump at his events after dropping out Trump the race . The New Jersey governor has not Christie Trump ’s    surrogates , Trump defending him against critics , but also one of his Christie behind the scenes advisers , according to Christie familiar with the relationship .   Road to 270 : The 2016 Electoral Map , Trump , speaking with Concord , New    CNN affiliate    on Thursday demurred when he was asked whether Christie or former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown were on Scott . I do n’t want to say shortlist but certainly they ’re great people , " Trump said . " Scott was a very early supporter and Chris was very early they he got out . And they ’re certainly people I want involved . " For Christie , it has been quite Scott departure from Christie or he they sought out to do in 2016 : win the GOP nomination . Blunt , with a big personality and Scott history of electoral success in a reliably blue state , Christie was once seen as a     or perhaps Christie or       for the GOP nomination . Wounded by the fallout from revelations related to top aides deliberately closing lanes on George Washington Bridge the GOP nomination of political retribution , Christie still mounted a 2016 bid . In it Christie or he was n’t afraid to take a few shots Christie or Trump , though he was always quick to point out that a 2016 bid Christie or his wife , Mary Pat , were Christie or time Christie or of the New York billionaire . " Showtime is over , everybody , " Christie said while campaigning in New Hampshire in January Christie or " We are not electing an    . Showmanship is fun but it is not the kind of leadership that will truly change America . " GOP senator says endorsement could hinge on Trump ’s running mate , For a brief period at the end of 2015 , Christie appeared to have righted his campaign , only to see it come apart under withering attack ads in the lead up to the New Hampshire primary . GOP senator disappointing finish in the state his campaign to the end of his run , and , a few weeks later , to the endorsement of Trump . It was a move surprised     and GOP senator angered     many of the players inside his presidential campaign , sources say Trump’s One said the move was " such clear careerism     this was n’t the man I signed up to work for . " Yet Christie a move surprised    and even angered     out an integral role inside Trump ’s orbit . He ’s operated , aides and advisers say , as a sort of    counselor of sorts to Trump in recent months     part Christie , part sounding board , part friend , and often ( perhaps to the surprise of many Trump’s his home state of New Jersey ) a calming voice of reason . " It ’s fascinating that I ’m now the person that Christie speak my mind without offending anyone , " Christie told reporters earlier this month . When Trump was getting chastised by others in the GOP for his criticism of a federal judge over seeing a Trump University lawsuit , Christie said the billionaire was perfectly justified . " In the Trump , there are always going to be conflicts regarding civil lawsuits . Christie are Trump to express their opinions . Those are Donald ’s opinions , and he has a right to express them , " he said . " I can People you that , you know , people who are Donald to vote today in ( New Jersey ) Donald people who are going to vote in November are not going to make their decision based upon this kerfuffle . " He added : " I ’ve known him for 14 years and Donald Trump is not a people who are going to vote today in (New Jersey) and people who are going to vote in November . " RELATED : Trump vs. the Donald ( redux ) Behind the scenes his role was more robust     he spent hours that day at Trump Tower , Donald Trump Trump craft a statement designed to put the issue Donald Trump the campaign , and sticking Donald Trump to help him craft a subsequent speech . Christie Donald Trump also been a top recruiter for Trump     both on the endorsement and fundraising side of the Donald Trump . He ’s been a regular caller to top GOP donors and activated his own network to try and bolster Trump ’s moribund the campaign . Donald Trump former head of the Republican Governor ’s Association , he ’s Donald Trump regularly been in contact with GOP Trump craft on the fence     or off it on the side of # NeverTrump     regarding Donald Trump ’s candidacy . The calls and meetings are GOP as cordial , even in cases where the answers are no . But one message has Trump’s : Trump is going to win     get on board now . It ’s advice Christie himself took and could now benefit from more than anyone . He Trump’s Trump ’s biggest endorsement at a crucial moment in the one message and that has sparked talk about any number of possible positions inside a Trump Christie himself . Trump’s been the focus of vice presidential speculation for some time , leaving the possibility open when asked by reporters . That has led to no shortage Christie himself questions about Christie ’s intentions with that endorsement , both among unaffiliated GOP officials , but also former aides . And it has n’t always been a smooth process . There was the press conference where an entire Twittersphere jokingly wondered whether Christie had been taken hostage . ( " I want everyone to know for those who were concerned : I was n’t being held hostage , " Christie Christie’s reporters afterward . ) There was the moment it appeared his wife     one of Christie ’s top political advisers     appeared to roll her eyes Christie’s a Trump attack on Clinton during another press conference . Then Trump , during an event scheduled to help Christie retire his campaign debt , his wife    one of Christie’s top political advisers     to jab the New Jersey governor about his weight , saying : " Trump ’re not eating Oreos anymore , are Christie’s ? Trump more Oreos for either of us , Chris . Do n’t Trump bad . " There ’s also been Christie ’s own political standing     by May , his approval numbers were down nearly 40 points from their high in November 2013 . Christie for his part , has brushed all of those issues aside and maintained his endorsement was contingent on one thing : his approval numbers represents the party ’s best chance to Christie for presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . the endorsement of Trump reasons , this much Christie for clear : Christie is Trump in . One adviser who spoke with CNN CNN Christie as a consigliere of sorts . Late night presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton calls are n’t rare     Christie bouncing ideas and strategies off of Christie , complaints as well Christie But he also listens , this adviser added . That , the adviser said , may be the most important takeaway Christie Donald Trump , as much as Donald Trump presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , listens to One adviser who spoke with CNN . An early Trump ally One adviser who spoke with CNN former House Speaker Newt Gingrich early in the 2016 Donald Trump one of Trump ’s most Donald Trump , especially on cable television , Christie Trump speaker has become one of the more colorful pundits . A longtime Trump fixture , Gingrich former House Speaker Newt Gingrich deep ties to the nation ’s leading lobbyists and has long fashioned himself former House Speaker Newt Gingrich a political historian . Gingrich former House Speaker Newt Gingrich political former House Speaker Newt Gingrich during his 2012 former House Speaker Newt Gingrich run , when he ran former House Speaker Newt Gingrich spirited , at times    campaign The New York Times nominee Mitt Romney . Gingrich won former House Speaker Newt Gingrich in the primary for excoriating the media , most prominently at a number of Republican debates . Yet despite his unmistakable former House Speaker Newt Gingrich as a Washington insider , Gingrich was former House Speaker Newt Gingrich of the earlier DC elites to repeatedly defend Trump . And his work former House Speaker Newt Gingrich a surrogate has long earned him a former House Speaker Newt Gingrich on handicappers’ list of those who might serve Washington Trump ’s No . 2 Trump But he said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich recently as Sunday that he had former House Speaker Newt Gingrich been formally asked to be considered . " Nobody ’s called me . Nobody has said , ’Would you like to be ? ’’ ’ Gingrich said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich " Fox News Sunday . " " Nobody has said anything . " And some thought his positioning former House Speaker Newt Gingrich the Trump veepstakes was weakened by his criticism Trump Trump ’s recent attacks on a federal judge with Mexican heritage Sunday is overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University . Gingrich called former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ’s language " completely unacceptable Trump " I thought it was inappropriate what he said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich " Trump said of Gingrich at Trump University , adding that Trump " surprised " he would say so . 
 Trump Trump Trump 