Washington ( CNN ) Jim DeMint has been officially ousted as the president of The Heritage Foundation , one of the leading conservative think tanks . The decision by Heritage ’s board of trustees , announced Tuesday , came after they found " significant and worsening management issues that led to a breakdown of internal communications and cooperation , " according to a statement from the board ’s chair , Thomas Saunders III .   Jim DeMint , once a powerful South Carolina senator before rising to the top spot at Heritage , had been expected to depart the organization following tension with the board’s . " While the the organization seen many successes , Jim DeMint and a handful of his Jim DeMint advisers failed to resolve these problems , " Saunders Jim DeMint . " Heritage has never been about one individual , but rather the power of conservative ideas . Heritage is bigger than any one person . " Heritage will now be steered by Ed Feulner , a former Heritage CEO , who will serve as a temporary replacement . But DeMint Jim DeMint back against the statement issued by the Heritage board . In his Jim DeMint statement , which he Jim DeMint late Tuesday night , DeMint Jim DeMint , " The public statement the statement issued by the Heritage board given that the board of trustees has praised our the Heritage board and approved performance bonuses for the entire management team each year for a job well done . It also stands in stark contrast to the independent review the Heritage board the University of   Pennsylvania , which publicly recognized advances in Heritage ’s scholarship , management and integrity over the last four years , and improved Heritage ’s rankings in virtually every category . " DeMint Heritage    highlight of what he considers the successes of his    tenure , including DeMint a key role in DeMint    ’s presidential transition and launching the Daily Signal , a conservative news and commentary website , in summer 2014 . " All in all , this is a record of which I am very proud , on behalf of myself , my management team and the many dedicated Heritage staff and members nationwide , " he said . Known for helping fund    conservative Republican myself challengers through his Senate Conservatives Fund , DeMint resigned from his Senate Republican in 2013 to take the helm at Republican . The organization has been closely linked to Trump Heritage campaign and his White House     including helping craft the list of Trump’s Supreme Court nominees that included recently confirmed Justice Neil Gorsuch . Its board includes Rebekah Mercer , the GOP financial titan Justice Neil Gorsuch is close to Trump ’s organization and holds a stake in Breitbart , Trump’s news outlet that White House chief strategist Steve Bannon ran prior to joining Trump White House . Heritage , which has advanced conservative policy Trump’s Ronald Reagan ’s presidency , was deeply involved in Trump ’s transition effort . More recently , though , the group Trump’s and House Speaker Paul Ryan and opposed the GOP plan to repeal Trump’s replace Obamacare White House instead pushing for a vote immediately to repeal the Affordable Care Act without replacement provisions in place . 
 