’   ’ ’    Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean is putting Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean back in the    running for chair of the Democratic National Committee . ’ ’    In a tweet on Thursday , chair of the Democratic National Committee said the party needs to    rehabilitate its technology the party develop a strategy that    does    just play in battleground states following the the upset    loss    Donald Trump .   ’ ’    " The dems need organization and focus on the young . Need a fifty    State strategy and tech rehab . I am in for chairman again , " Dean    said . ’ ’      ’ "    The former Dean    echoes his strategy when he Dean       the Dean    in the    to the 2008 presidential election . " ’’ ’    Dean   courted    Dean    activists within the party while clashing    occasionally with party leaders    arguing that the party should    try the party every    in play , instead of focusing on key    battleground states . ’ "    Though he was criticized for not raising enough money to compete    with the Republican National Committee , the former governor also    focused on upgrading the party ’s voter file and data operation ,    which the DNC believed it had the advantage on going into 2016 . " ’    Speaking with Business Insider on Wednesday , DNC Vice Chair RT    Rybak said Dean’ ’s attempt to build a coalition and broad support    within the party during his initial bid for chair in 2005    " put more democracy into the DNC . " ’ ’ DNC The best time it seems the DNC did that was when    Howard DNC used his campaign apparatus to run for chair Howard Dean "    Rybak said . ’ ’    " One thing we should be asking ourselves is if we had a chair we    is we representative of what was happening in the community and    was perceived to be not listening , then maybe we should actually    have more democracy we where there    more    where the chair    actually has    go out and win a constituency and mobilize    people . I hope that does    break along    lines ,    because that would    the worst    , but I do think it ’s a    really good time to have one of those big raw family discussions    like we ’re all going to have over the Thanksgiving table , where    there ’s a lot of heat but we hug on the way out the we . " ’ "    Dean is n’t the only Democrat vying for the spot . " ’    The Huffington Post   that Rep. Keith Ellison , one of the more outspoken    progressive voices in the House of Representatives , is also    jockeying for the DNC chair position . He garnered    an endorsement from Sen. Rep. Keith Ellison, one of the more outspoken   progressive voices in the House of Representatives, is also   jockeying for the DNC chair position Sanders    Thursday . ’ 
 