Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race . Though Hillary Clinton tried to depict Donald Trump as a scammer , a new national poll finds that voters think Donald Trump is more honest than Hillary Clinton . Trump and Bernie Sanders will campaign in California tonight while Hillary Clinton will be in the Golden State from Thursday through Monday .   All times eastern . 10:14 : Donald Trump also vows to save the Second Amendment from people like Hillary who " do n’t know what they are doing . " Donald Trump says if Democrats nominate the next Supreme Court Justices , America will never be great again . 10:09 : Donald Trump says to ask Israel if walls work and says we have " no choice " but to build the wall while the crowd chants " Build the wall ! " 10:02 : Donald Trump says Hillary is " not presidential material . " Donald Trump cites Clinton ’s failures in Libya . Donald Trump says if anyone other than Clinton Clinton national security secrets by using a private server , they anyone other than Clinton exposed national security secrets by using a private server be in jail for two years or more . 10:00 : Donald Trump They moved the anyone other than Clinton exposed national security secrets by using a private server Golf Championship from Miami to Mexico City . Can yo believe it ? " Trump says Donald Trump everybody is moving to Mexico " because Mexico City our leaders are stupid people   …      led by our president , if you call him that . our president 9:55 : Trump says Donald Trump Clinton destroyed manufacturing in America by signing NAFTA . 9:55 : Trump urges audience to read Breitbart News Senior     and Government Accountability Institute ’s Peter Schweitzer ’s Clinton Cash .   9:54 : Trump blasts Donald Trump Clinton for Bill Clinton our jobs to China " while the Chinese were funneling huge sums of money to Bill Clinton to give Bill Clinton " These are crooked people , " he says . " They Bill Clinton been crooked from These beginning . " 9:53 : Trump says Donald Trump has lost nearly one in five manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton let China into Bill Clinton . 9:45 China In Sacramento , Trump says Donald Trump wants Sacramento campaign for Hillary to preserve his failing agenda at home and Obama . Trump predicts Donald Trump Obamacare increases will be so large that " everybody will vote for Donald Trump Donald Trump He says Obama Donald Trump trying to move rate increase Obama December . He calls Obamacare Donald Trump " catastrophe . " 9:30 Obamacare    protesters claiming America was never great :    protesters claim " America was never great " outside Trump America airport rally pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) June 2 , 2016 ,     protester carries Che Guevara flag with the words " hasta la victoria sempre " at Trump Sacramento rally pic . twitter . Trump Sacramento    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) June 2 , Michelle Moons ( 9:15 : @MichelleDiana) Sacramento , California ahead of Trump ’s rally Trump Sacramento    agitators starting to gather at rally site .    protesters try to intimidate    with chants of " shame " and " racist "    Sacramento rally pic . twitter .    — Trump Sacramento Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) June 2 , 2016 , Michelle Moons ( to squeeze and @MichelleDiana) line outside Trump Sacramento rally # Election2016 pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) June 2 , 2016 ,   Law Michelle Moons ( barrier between    protesters @MichelleDiana) intimidating    in Sacramento pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) June 2 , 2016 Trump Sacramento     8:30 : Former Michelle Moons ( Antonio Villaraigosa starting    PAC @MichelleDiana) Trump a racist and misogynist , Villaraigosa said his committee , called Building Bridges , Not Walls , would focus on organizing immigrants to oppose the Former L. A. Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa Republican Former L. A. Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa in California , Arizona , Nevada and Florida in the campaign for the Nov. 8 election . 8:25 : Trump supporters getting ready in Sacramento : Crazy long lines winding through the parking field outside Trump Sacramento airport rally    …      Protesters scarce pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) June 2 , 2016 ,   Larger than life Make America Great Again cap outside Trump Sacramento rally # Election2016 pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) June 2 , Trump Sacramento   7:25 : In an interview with PBS ’s Gwen Ifill Michelle Moons ( says he @MichelleDiana) mention Donald Trump by name because he seems to do a good job mentioning his own name . When asked if President Obama for Trump is a backlash against his presidency President Obama Obama says Trump is a " more President Obama " character than other Republicans . He says Donald Trump ’s rhetoric is not Donald Trump from what President Obama have Donald Trump saying for the last seven years . 6:23 : Clinton press Donald Trump , Donald Trump , says she will do a press conference " soon " when directly asked if she will hold a presser before the CA primary . 6:21 : Clinton now calls " crooked Hillary " a " fraud . " Crooked Clinton Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country Donald Trump risk by her illegal and very stupid use of   . "crooked Hillary —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 1 , 2016 ,   6:19 "crooked Hillary Clinton press secretary declares nomination is " out of reach " for Sanders : Clinton campaign aide : " The nomination is out of reach for Senator Sanders "crooked Hillary https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN "crooked Hillary ( @CNNPolitics ) June nomination 2016 ,   6:12 : Sanders Sanders he has been criticized as " Santa Claus " for wanting to give away " free stuff . " He repeats that he will pay for all Sanders his programs Sanders a tax on " Wall Street speculation . " 6:05 : Top Clinton IT aide planning to take Sanders at next Sanders ’s deposition . BREAKING : Sanders IT adviser Bryan Pagliano to take 5th at deposition next week , wants to bar video of session https :   .   # FOIA ,   —    Top Clinton Gerstein ( @joshgerstein ) June 1 , 2016 , next week : Fed . Judge rejects   CA voter registration lawsuit filed by Sanders ’s supporters . 5:45 : Report : " Bernie or Bust " folks planning protests across from Dem . convention in Philly . One leader urging Sanders supporters to    from Dem . party if Sanders does n’t get nomination , . 5:40 : Ridiculous    comparisons being made this week . Analogy more apt if Clinton Sanders trailed and then mounted a comeback . The Sanders , who won a    73 games and are the defending champions , were never huge underdogs like Sanders . Last week , Golden State was down three games to one . Tonight , they finished off a great comeback in California . I like comebacks .   — Sanders Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) May 31 , 2016 ,     Sanders continues to wear The Warriors, who won a   73 games and are the defending champions cap : Bernie Sanders sporting a Warriors hat , entering a rally in Palo Alto @paloaltoweekly pic . twitter .    —    Eric He ( Sanders ) June 1 , 2016 , Sanders : Trump planning Warriors K. visit after Brexit vote .    5:15 : Cory Booker wants to be Clinton ’s VP ( " vegan pal " ) : On VP buzz , @CoryBooker tells @kwelkernbc : " I ’ve already declared that I ’m gon na be her VP , her vegan pal   that is where I stand right now "   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) June 1 , 2016 ,   5:10 : Marist CA Poll : her leading Clinton among Hispanics ( ) voters    ( 80 % for Sanders )    Dem . primary voters ( ) . 5:05 : Clinton leading big among those who have already voted Clinton California . Among those who have already voted in CA Sanders Clinton leads 58 % % in     poll ,   — Clinton Mark Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) June 1 , 2016 ,   5:04 : On " MTP Daily , " Clinton Clinton secretary Brian Fallon does n’t accept the premise that Clinton will have the battle Sanders all the way to the convention if she loses California . Despite his candidate ’s Clinton , Fallon says she is not treating California like " Clinton ’s a California deal . " 5:00 : Marist CA poll : Clinton 49 , Sanders 47 . 4:45 : Sanders does Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon know Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon to pander as well as Clinton : ~30 min into     Pacific Islanders town hall CA has not Clinton much about AAs   PIs . Mostly Sanders answers so far ,   —    Danny Freeman Clinton @DannyEFreeman ) June 1 , 2016 ,   4:39 : Trump reportedly planning Donald Trump trip to Israel before GOP Israel . 4:25 : Obama refers to Trump ’s " provocative Obama Tweets and warns not to fall for the " okie doke . " 4:23 : Obama claims that Trump ’s path Donald Trump Obama to fewer jobs and Trump planning U. K. . But a national poll found that voters trust Trump on job Donald Trump : New @QuinnipiacPoll has @realDonaldTrump ahead of @HillaryClinton when Trump planning U. K. to job creation . # FNPolitics pic . twitter .    —    Bret Baier ( @BretBaier ) June 1 , 2016 ,   4:15 : Obama says Trump is " Donald Trump " Obama vowing to dismantle   . 3:55 : What in the world is Hillary Clinton doing ? With Secretary Clinton in Newark . pic . twitter .    —    Cory Booker ( @CoryBooker ) June 1 , 2016 ,   3:52 : Obama claims it is Clinton myth Obama that other countries are " killing us on trade . " Obama claims most of the manufacturing jobs Obama have been lost were not because of trade but because of automation and technology . He also says it is a myth Obama immigrants are " taking all of our jobs " despite the fact that immigrants —   legal and illegal —   received most of the net jobs since the recession . 3:45 : Obama says the GOP ’s basic story Obama that    families have been harmed by a bloated and big federal government run by    radicals like Obama . He adds that Republicans are Obama saying Obama are taking jobs . Obama says the GOP ’s message is Obama and   . He also admits that he listens to Obama    radio and Obama Fox News . He says we ca n’t deport all Obama and put a wall the GOP’s 3:40 : In Elkhart , Indiana , a defensive President Obama says pundits say Republicans nominated Trump Obama of Washington has n’t America enough attention to    communities . He insists communities like Elkhart have n’t been forgotten in his White Donald Trump . Obama admits that under his presidency " Obama is too high Obama and the gap between the rich and the poor is the greatest a defensive President Obama has been since Elkhart 1920s . He says this a defensive President Obama changes our politics Obama and makes it easy for people to think that the " system is rigged . " He says " there are plenty of Obama that are preying " on these headlines for votes . 3:23 : Sanders calls for an end to all fracking : WATCH : @BernieSanders says Democratic Party platform going into general election should " absolutely " ban fracking https :   .    — Sanders This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) June 1 , 2016 ,   3:20 : Trump @BernieSanders Judge now trying to reseal some records .   3:15 : Establishment Republican Vin Weber touting Gary Johnson and Bill Weld . But Donald Trump may end up voting for them instead of Trump planning U. K. which would help Trump in some battleground states . Vin Weber : Gary Johnson   Bill Weld have strong appeal   —    they ’re social liberals and fiscal conservatives @MSNBC # AMR ,   — liberal Republicans Andrea Mitchell ( Trump planning U. K. ) June 1 , 2016 ,   3:05 : New York City Gary Johnson investigating Trump Bill Weld of Trump Tower ’s atrium for campaign events : NYC scrutinizing Trump campaign ’s use of Trump Tower atrium https :   .   Donald Trump twitter .    —    NBC New York ( @NBCNewYork ) June 1 , 2016 ,   2:46 : Trump within margin of error against Clinton in new Michigan poll ( Clinton 43 , Trump Tower’s . 5 ) . 2:43 : Interesting : Paul Ryan gave an interview to People on one condition : People magazine could not ask Clinton about Donald Trump : One condition Clinton the Speaker getting on the phone for the magazine ’s special Fathers’ Day gallery was that he not be asked about his party Donald Trump nominee , Donald Trump , whom Ryan has famously declined so far to endorse Paul Ryan 2:35 : Clinton campaign vowing to make Paul Ryan a big campaign issue : Confident People magazine Donald Trump know enough about Trump U yet Paul Ryan So expect to hear Paul Ryan a bit more from us on this topic . Paul Ryan :   . Clinton —    Jennifer Palmieri ( @jmpalmieri ) June 1 , 2016 ,     In New Jersey , Clinton wastes no time trying to paint Trump as a scammer : Clinton : " Donald Trump enriched himself at the expense of hard working people   …      just more evidence that Donad Trump himself is a Donald Trump . "   Clinton    Abby D. Donald Trump @abbydphillip ) Donald Trump 1 , 2016 , Clinton Clinton on Trump : " He is trying to Donald Trump he scammed all these people at Trump University . "   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) June 1 America 2016 , Donald Trump Sen. @CoryBooker joins Clinton and Bon Jovi at Clinton rally . Tells Clinton Clinton you give love a Good name " Clinton . twitter .    —    Laura Figueroa ( @Laura_Figueroa ) June 1 Trump University ,   2:15 : —   Abby D. Phillip (@abbydphillip) Clinton Hillary by a     margin Newark A new Clinton Reports national telephone and online survey finds that 30 % of all Likely U. S. Voters think Trump is more Donald Trump than most other politicians . Just half as many ( 15 % ) think Clinton is more honest than most of her peers . 2:05 : Sanders heckling " inevitable " nominee Clinton for coming back to California after she said the race was over and she would be the nominee : . @BernieSanders says Clinton must have changed her Clinton to come back to California because Clinton Sanders polling showing them close , Clinton —    MaryAlice Parks California @maryaliceparks ) June 1 , Clinton ,   2:00 : PGA moving Clinton Golf Championship tournament from Trump ’s Doral @BernieSanders Clinton Mexico . On Clinton evening California Trump quipped that Donald Trump hoped Clinton Donald Trump has " kidnapping insurance " for the tournament . There ’s more than a little irony in Donald Trump polling moving a tournament from Trump National Doral to Mexico City .   —    Jason Sobel ( @JasonSobelESPN ) June 1 , 2016 , 
 PGA PGA 