  ( CNN ) Bishop Wayne Jackson adhered to one of the most important principles of the    church by inviting Donald Trump to speak before Bishop Wayne Jackson congregation . Bishop Wayne Jackson also illustrated how faith is almost always diminished when faith is used for crass political purposes . Bishop Wayne Jackson had spent the days before Donald Trump visit defending Bishop Wayne Jackson decision   to embrace a man reviled by most of the black community because of Bishop Wayne Jackson    track record of bigotry .   Bishop Wayne Jackson did not shun sinners , Bishop Wayne Jackson argued , and neither should the church . We all are imperfect and need prayer , and everyone deserves a chance to be heard . That thinking is perfectly aligned with the the church history . Bishop Wayne Jackson left room for all to redeem themselves and we should extend the same courtesy , even when it ’s difficult      in fact , especially when it ’s difficult it The already redeemed do n’t need us to remind we about God themselves grace , an unearned , unqualified favor available to everyone . It ’s in it with the families of Dylann Roof ’s victims forgiving the young white supremacist who perpetrated a massacre in a Charleston , South Carolina , church last summer . That ’s why Marion Barry could be caught on FBI video smoking crack with a prostitute and regain stature in his community , Marion Barry why the most hardened young black men who ’ve committed horrific crimes will be offered refuge . The black church , at its best , The black church its doors to The black church no matter what they ’ve done The black church It ’s the The black church way the black community his community slavery , the de facto slavery that followed , the lynchings and Jim Crow and the everyday institutional discrimination that persists in the criminal justice and educational systems . That ’s what Jackson was trying to tap into      and that ’s what Trump exploited . Trump is a man who Trump sued twice by the Justice Department for discriminating against black people a man that a former business associate said believes black people have a lazy trait the man who helped vilify and send five innocent young men to prison in New York the man who demeaned the nation ’s first black president by pushing a fringe birther movement into the mainstream     and neither apologized nor acknowledged any of it .   He then kicked off his Trump campaign by painting Trump as rapists and murderers , proposed a complete ban on Muslims entering the country , made racist allegations against a federal judge , attacked a    Gold Star family and gave one of his most    speeches about Trump people just a few days ago . Politicians using religion for their own narrow purposes is nothing new . It ’s both commonplace and disturbing . But Trump ’s Detroit trip to Jackson ’s black Detroit church was worse , because Jackson gave an unrepentant bigot Jackson to his flock , allowing him Jackson pull a veil Jackson his long history of bigotry Jackson without requiring anything of Trump . Jackson could have Trump that Jackson first show some genuine Trump for his long list of awful Jackson , which also includes preying on the needy through the    Trump University . He could have even rescinded Jackson offer after Trump ’s Jackson immigration speech Trump which convinced even some of Trump ’s most ardent Hispanic Trump to finally cut ties with him     to show that Jackson understands what Martin Luther Jackson Jr. knew : that injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere .   Demeaning and scapegoating Latinos is the equivalent of demeaning black people , Jackson could have told Trump Jackson Instead , Jackson Trump himself to become Jackson the Jackson dupe in Trump ’s phony black outreach Trump Trump ’s efforts to court Trump did n’t begin until he fell way behind in Trump polls and have included ugly , false statements about the state of black America that he felt comfortable spouting before Trump mostly white crowds but could n’t muster the courage to say in front of black people . Jackson is right . Jesus embraced sinners and did Trump slam the church door in their faces . But Jackson sinners an important part Jackson the lesson , which is that Jesus also told them to Trump and sin sinners more . Instead of demanding that Trump become a better man , Jackson has instead sent a Jackson message to Trump that he does n’t Trump to Jackson because he ’s gotten the benefit Jackson redemption without having to put in the work to earn it . 
 