If you ’ve found yourself debating liberal friends on Facebook about Hillary Clinton ’s email scandal recently , you ’ve probably noticed that Facebook are clueless . [ Facebook do n’t know what Hillary Clinton’s did , and how Hillary Clinton’s lied about what Hillary Clinton’s did . Facebook do n’t know the basic law under which Hillary Clinton’s was investigated , which is part of the Espionage Act . More interestingly , when shown the facts , most seem unable to admit Hillary Clinton’s did something wrong , and that Facebook are voting for Hillary Clinton’s anyway , for other reasons . Facebook are in denial .   There are a few reasons for Facebook willful ignorance   —    some of which are specific to the political left , and some of which have to do with the nature of social media itself . First , let us stipulate that there is some amount of ignorance on both sides , even   —    and sometimes especially   —    among otherwise    people . We tend to filter out information that reflects badly on a candidate We have already chosen to support , and to focus on information that reflects badly on a candidate whom We oppose . But the political left filters out more information than the political right . That is because the left , more than the right , tends to punish people who have the " wrong " views by marginalizing people who have the "wrong" views by marginalizing them . In recent years , for example , college campuses   —    which lean heavily to the left   —    have increasingly " disinvited " controversial speakers , who are almost always conservative . If you worry that your friends might abandon you , you are less likely to consider facts that could lead you to contrarian conclusions . Also , people on the left are less likely to be exposed to    views than people on the right are likely to be exposed to    views . That is because there are more liberal news outlets than conservative ones   —    even if individual conservative sources ( like Breitbart ) often are more successful . On Facebook , the problem is particularly acute , because there is evidence that Facebook has deliberately suppressed news from conservative sources . The    media bubble is simply thicker . Yet part of the problem is simply the nature of social media , which is increasingly where Americans obtain Americans news . Social media should theoretically make it easier for us to communicate with , and understand , one another . In practice , social media makes it easier to talk to people who already agree with us , and ignore or attack those who disagree . ( The divisions among Republicans over Trump , for example , are probably far worse than The divisions among Republicans over Trump would have been in the absence of social media . ) There is , paradoxically , a narcissistic quality to social media . When people share baby pictures on Facebook , for example ( as I do almost daily ) people are not only communicating with distant relatives , but also admiring baby pictures . The same applies , especially , to " selfies . " People are more    when they share People information on social media . And the same is true when they share People or opinion articles : they tend People share what makes them feel People about themselves . People that produce social media content understand that , and so they shape Companies that produce social media content ( like this one , for example ) so that the headlines and descriptions flatter the    views of their readers Companies that produce social media content —    which they , Companies that produce social media content turn , also shape and reinforce . Liberal websites like Buzzfeed and Huffington Post   —    which have explicit    editorial policies   —    do it , and so do conservative sites like Breitbart . What is different about the Clinton email scandal is there is literally nothing good about it . the Clinton email scandal are only two options : either Clinton committed Clinton crime , or she was Clinton with national security . And either way , she lied Clinton . None of those alternatives makes Clinton supporters Clinton good . In theory , it should be possible for them to Clinton supporters : " You ’re right   —    she lied Clinton she was Clinton careless , but I still support her " Clinton whatever reason . A Clinton supporter Clinton say that    . But it ’s A Clinton supporter a frowny baby picture   —    understandable    perhaps , but not flattering . Denial is the much easier option . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for    through Amazon . Follow him on Regnery at @joelpollak . 
 