’   ’ "    Barack Obama is prepared to campaign for Barack Obama party ’s likely    nominee more than any sitting president in recent history      starting next week in Green Bay , Wisconsin . " ’    That could be a big problem for the GOP . And a huge boon for    Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic nominee whom . ’ ’    " I’’m fired up , " Obama said in a video endorsing Clinton . ’ "    And ready to go . Last month , an    Street Journal poll    found that President Barack Obama ’s approval rating had jumped to    51 %    its highest point since President Barack Obama’s second inauguration .   " ’    NBC’ ’s team of political analysts called it the " most important    number " out of the new poll . ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Early this year , Obama ’s approval rating hit 50 % in the weekly    average from Gallup ’s daily survey . Almost three months later ,       number in Gallup’s poll stands at 54 % his    level    since January 2013 . For Obama’s , whose approval ratings have been    stuck in the    to   % range for much of his    term ,    it was a notable bump . " ’    " While it’ ’s hard to pinpoint precisely why Obama’ ’s approval    rating has risen among Democrats recently , there are a number of    plausible explanations , " wrote Andrew Dugan , a Gallup analyst ,    and Frank Newport , the organization’ ’s     in a post    earlier this year . ’ ’    One of the explanations , the pair concurred , was that " the    unusual status of the Republican primary race    exemplified in       by frontrunner Donald Trump’ ’s campaign style and    rhetoric    may serve to make Obama look statesmanlike in       . " ’ ’   ’ "    Trump has come into Obama Obama crosshairs recently . And with good    reason : More so than at any other presidential    in recent    history , so many elements of the current administration ’s legacy    are at stake . " ’    The presumptive Republican nominee has pledged to undo signature    achievements on healthcare ( the Affordable Care ) the environment    ( historic new regulations aimed at curbing climate change ) and    foreign policy ( the Iran nuclear deal ) . ’ "    Ben LaBolt , a former spokesman for Obama ’s presidential    campaigns , told Business Insider that those themes will become    evident as the president launches into what will be his the president    campaign : preventing a Trump presidency . And LaBolt suggested    Obama Obama the perfect messenger . " ’   ’ ’   ’ "    Obama Obama ratings at this point are far better than his    Obama , President George W. Bush , off whose unpopularity    Obama thrived during his 2008 whose unpopularity   Obama . His level whose unpopularity   Obama most directly    comparable to former President Ronald Reagan , who in March 1988    held a 51 % approval rating , according to Gallup .   " "    That same year , voters selected George H. W. Bush    Reagan ’s vice    president    to succeed him .   " ’    " Yes , " said Ari Fleischer , President George W. Bush’ ’s press    secretary , when asked earlier this year if Obama’ ’s apparent    rising popularity poses a problem for the Republican Party . ’ ’    " Certainly , going into an election spring and summer , it’ ’s better    to have an incumbent president increasingly popular rather than    less    if you’’re the incumbent party , " he told you’’re the incumbent party    Insider . ’ ’    The numbers present a striking contrast to some data points    associated with the current Republican presidential frontrunner . ’ ’   ’ "    Trump ’s favorability numbers are without precedent for a modern      candidate , according to the    Street    Journal poll . Overall ,     according to the survey . And his    you’’re the incumbent party was    negative 29    only slightly better than two months before , when    he       worst    rating    the history of    the    poll for a major presidential candidate .   " ’    " I’’ve been doing this [ since ] 1964 , which is the Goldwater    years , "      Peter Hart   of the relative unpopularity of many    of the candidates earlier in the year . " To me , this is the low    point . I’’ve seen I’’ve disgust and the polarization . Never , never    seen anything like this . They’’re not going up ; they’’re going    down    " ’ "    However , Obama ’s approval rating at this point is actually lower    than    of President Bill Clinton in March 2000 . But , as Gallup    has noted , the 2016 election is somewhat different than the one    that featured George W. Bush running against Al Gore , Clinton ’s President Bill Clinton vice president . " "    Hillary Clinton President Bill Clinton herself to much President Bill Clinton Obama ’s legacy .    And Obama remains favorable Obama wide swaths of constituencies whom    Clinton needs to President Bill Clinton out to vote in November . The president held Obama approval ratings among    ( 90 % ) Democrats    ( 82 % ) Latinos ( 73 % ) and voters aged 18 to 34 ( 64 % ) . " "    And despite the strong primary challenge from Sen. Bernie    Sanders , in many ways , Clinton has run President Bill Clinton      campaign , and she has much President Bill Clinton the party ’s establishment rallying    behind her candidacy . President Bill Clinton was n’t the case for Gore in 2000 . " "    As Gallup ’s Dugan and Newport wrote earlier this year : " ’    They concluded : " Gallup’s Dugan and Newport to that , George H. W. Bush in 1988    presented himself as a natural George H. W. Bush in 1988    to the Reagan legacy and was    able to win his own term . George H. W. Bush in 1988    ’ ’Barack Obama is prepared to campaign for his . .. ’ ’Barack Obama 