Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump on Thursday did n’t appear to be in the mood to ease tensions with the Australian Prime Minister , even as President Donald Trump counterpart down under looked to move past a contentious phone call . Less than an hour after White House press secretary Sean Spicer offered assurances the US would uphold a deal to take in 1 , 250 refugees from Australia , Trump continued to fume about the agreement , which had sparked the heated conversation with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull this weekend . The President again cast doubt on whether the US would uphold the agreement , while Turnbull Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to reassure Australians that Trump Trump promised in their Australians call to honor the agreement , negotiated by the Obama administration . " I just said , ’Why ? ’ " I just wanted to ask a question , " Trump Trump describing his Trump with Turnbull Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Saturday , which had been scheduled for an hour but ended after 25 minutes when Trump Trump frustrated . " I said , ’Why ’Why we doing this?’ So we we see what happens , but the the Obama administration something , you have to respect that . But you can also say , ’Why are we ’Why this we ’ " Trump Trump . The White House appeared to be trying to smooth over the diplomatic dustup , which has become a flashpoint in relations between the two nations . Australian Ambassador to the US , Joe Hockey , met with top administration officials Reince Priebus , White House Chief The White House ,   and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Thursday . " Mr. Priebus and Mr. top administration officials Reince Priebus, White House Chief of Staff,  and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon with the Chief Strategist Steve Bannon at the White House , " officials said . " They conveyed the President ’s deep admiration for the officials people . " White House press secretary The White House Spicer , also assured Australia that Trump would honor the deal to take in 1 , 250 refugees from Australia " out of respect for " the Prime Minister Australia though he made clear that Trump was " unbelievably disappointed " the Prime Minister " does not Trump it . " Earlier in the day , Trump referred to reports of combative conversations he had with Trump and the Mexican president over the Trump as " tough . " " We have to be tough . It ’s time we ’re going to be a little tough folks . We ’re taken advantage of by every nation in the We , virtually . It ’s not going to happen anymore . It ’s not going to happen anymore , " he It in remarks at the National Prayer Breakfast . Trump The Australian Prime Minister , meanwhile , scrambled to reassure Australians that Trump had promised in their phone call to honor the agreement , negotiated by Australians Obama administration . Turnbull took to the radio Thursday morning to debunk reports that Trump had hung up on him to end the contentious Trump , though he would Turnbull divulge other details of the conversation . Turnbull As far as the call is concerned , I ’m very disappointed that there has been a leak of purported details of the call in Washington , " he said in a radio interview with 2 GB ’s Turnbull Fordham . " But I want to make one observation about it . The report that the President hung up is not correct . The call Turnbull . " The White House , for the call in Washington , did not criticize the leaking of the conversation . The White House source told CNN on Wednesday that Trump expressed concern as to how the refugee agreement from the Obama administration would go forward given his executive order the day before temporarily suspending the US refugee program Trump abruptly ended the call because he was unhappy . Turnbull also scrambled to assure his constituents that Trump had pledged to Trump the deal . " Trump committed to Trump a deal done by his predecessor that no Trump he would say that he would not Trump done himself . But Trump committed to stick Trump the deal that President Trump has done Trump " Turnbull said in the radio interview . " As far as the Trump of the discussion , it was very frank and forthright . I stand up for Australia ’s interests . I make Australia ’s case as powerfully and persuasively as I can , wherever Australia’s . " Pressed to explain how that jibed with Trump ’s tweet late Wednesday night describing the deal as " dumb , " Turnbull could offer up little the deal that President Obama has done : " Well , that Trump his tweet . I ’m telling you what has been said to Trump and what ’s been said by his spokesman and what has been said by his embassy . " Trump White House on Thursday appeared poised to Trump to clean up the diplomatic dustup , as Spicer assured Australia that Trump would honor the deal " out of respect for " the Prime Minister , though he made clear that Trump was " unbelievably disappointed " and " does not the Prime Minister it . " Trump an unrelated meeting Thursday that reporters attended , Trump described the deal , which would take in Thursday seekers held in offshore Trump detention facilities after they were rescued or captured by Australian naval forces , as one that would allow " well over 1 , 000 illegal immigrants who were in prisons . " " And they though they were going to bring them and take them to this country , and they just said , ’Why they ’ " they said . " We have to be treated fairly also . " 
 