( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 .   Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton clashed on terrorism , jobs , race relations and , above all , basic issues of honesty and trustworthiness during Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton first presidential debate . If you missed it , let us help you catch up with a few highlights and us rigorous fact checks of the candidates’ assertions . And watch clips from the debate above . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Houston suffered through a mass shooting . The authorities said that a heavily armed man wearing a uniform emblazoned with a Nazi symbol opened fire at random in a residential area near a mall . a heavily armed man wearing a uniform emblazoned with a Nazi symbol injured nine people , two of them seriously , before the police shot and killed a heavily armed man wearing a uniform emblazoned with a Nazi symbol . Officials said a heavily armed man wearing a uniform emblazoned with a Nazi symbol was a lawyer and had experienced troubles at a heavily armed man wearing a uniform emblazoned with a Nazi symbol firm . In Washington State , a     Turkish immigrant confessed to killing of five people at a shopping mall on Friday . a heavily armed man wearing a uniform emblazoned with a Nazi symbol motive remains unknown . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Nationally , there was good news and bad news . good news and bad news . The bad : F. B. I. figures showed homicides skyrocketing 10 . 8 percent from 2014 to 2015 , the largest    rise since 1968 . But most of the country was far safer . The killing was largely limited to a few neighborhoods in cities like Baltimore , Chicago , St. Louis , Washington and Milwaukee , all plagued by gun violence among young    males . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Syrian and allied Russian forces intensively bombed    areas of the tormented northern Syrian city of Aleppo for the fourth day straight , ignoring accusations of war crimes and " barbarism " at the United Nations . Hundreds of people have been killed there since Thursday . Efforts to revive a    have been abandoned . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . How often do sports teams appear to make decisions based on their player ’s welfare ? Chris Bosh , one of the N. B. A. ’s top players , says the blood clots sports teams cut his last two seasons short should n’t stop him from playing this year , but the Miami Heat ’s president , Pat Riley , said Bosh ’s career with the his " is probably over . " They ’ll have to pay him some $ 76 million over the next three seasons , but will get the chance to raise the team ’s spending his . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . Why is the fashion world obsessed with RuPaul ’s " Drag Race , " a platform for those hoping to be " America ’s next drag superstar " ? Sure , there ’s affirmation and visibility for the   . But there ’s also drama , courage and sometimes unbelievably great looks . " I ’ve seen every episode , " said the designer Marc Jacobs , who has also served as a judge . " It makes me laugh , it makes me cry . " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The admitted mastermind of the Bridgegate scheme testified for It first time about how he came up with the idea to create a catastrophic traffic jam in New Jersey to punish a Democratic mayor for refusing The admitted mastermind of the Bridgegate scheme endorse Gov. Chris Christie ’s    bid . David Wildstein , a Christie ally , also testified about how many top Christie operatives he told . He said his exchanges with a Christie aide made it clear the mayor " needed to fully Christie that The admitted mastermind of the Bridgegate scheme would be The admitted mastermind of the Bridgegate scheme difficult The admitted mastermind of the Bridgegate scheme him in the second Christie term than it a Democratic mayor in the first . " _ _ _ _ _ 8 . The admitted mastermind of the Bridgegate scheme wants a moment of    that the child may say his first word .     is never ‘ war’   is never ‘ death.’   So wrote the Colombian poet Maruja Vieira years the child , hoping for this day . A signing ceremony brought an official end to the    war with the Marxist insurgency known as the FARC , the last major war in the Americas . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . President Obama welcomed hundreds of Native American leaders to his annual Tribal Nations Conference , a gathering he pioneered . Protests continue in North Dakota over a pipeline that Native Americans object President Obama , and which his administration has partly President Obama . Above , Mr. Obama was presented with a traditional blanket and hat . _ _ _ _ President Obama 10 . Finally , multiple generations of President Obama up many of the thousands upon thousands of people who have visited the Smithsonian ’s National Museum of African American History and Culture in its opening days . For some , the import resonated as a bookend of the final days of President Obama ’s final term , and as a marker for an unfinished fight for racial equality . " The timing is prophetic   —    you ca n’t visit here and not think about what ’s going on today , and the sense of history and struggle , " said a Maryland pastor . _ _ _ _ _ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Your Evening Briefing back ? Here ’s the Weekend Briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 Your Evening Briefing 