’   ’ ’      Donald Trump met with former CIA Director David    Petraeus on Monday to . ’ ’    " Just met with General Petraeus   —    was very impressed ! "   shortly after the meeting . ’ ’    Much has been made of the fact General Petraeus   pleaded guilty in 2015 to    a misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified information , and Donald Trump Donald Trump lambasted Democratic presidential nominee Hillary    Clinton for doing what he Donald Trump was worse while she Democratic presidential nominee Hillary   Clinton    secretary of state . ’ "    In comparing both situations this summer   —    following his Donald Trump announcement that the FBI would not pursue charges against    Clinton   —    FBI Director James Comey explained at a congressional    hearing why the case involving Petraeus compromising classified    information was different from the investigation into Clinton   Clinton    use of a private email server . " ’    The the case involving Petraeus compromising classified   information Petraeus importantly the distinction to    this case    the case involving Petraeus compromising classified   information FBI Director James Comey at the hearing , held by the House    Oversight and Government Reform Committee . ’ ’’ ’ days before , Comey FBI Director James Comey the    investigation yielded no evidence that Clinton deliberately    attempted to mislead    . He FBI Director James Comey that even though he FBI Director James Comey described Clinton as being " Clinton careless " with sensitive    information , her    did not Clinton the threshold used to    prosecute past violators who shared classified information over    unclassified channels . ’ ’    Petraeus had disclosed classified information to his biographer . ’ Petraeus    Trump said shortly after Comey’ ’s announcement about the Clinton    investigation that he believed Petraeus got Trump trouble Petraeus " far    less . " ’ ’    " The system is rigged , " Trump wrote on Twitter Trump " General Petraeus    got in trouble for far less . Very very unfair ! As usual , bad    judgment . " ’ ’    Petraeus kept highly "General Petraeus    in a set of notebooks    at his private residence , Petraeus said . The Petraeus contained    identities notebooks    officers , war strategy , and discussions with    the president , and Petraeus disclosed the information with "General Petraeus       biographer , with "General Petraeus    he was also having an "General Petraeus    . ’ ’    " The Petraeus case to my mind "General Petraeus    perfectly the kinds of    cases the Department of Justice is willing to prosecute , " Comey    said . " Even there they prosecuted him for a misdemeanor . " Comey    ’    Petraeus " not only shared "General Petraeus    classified information ] with someone    who was not allowed to have it , but we found it in a search    warrant it the insulation in his attic , and then he    to us    about    in the we , " it said . ’ ’    He said Petraeus obstructed justice and Comey intentional    misconduct and later admitted it was the wrong thing to do . ’ ’    " You have a perfect illustration of the kind of cases that get    prosecuted , " he said . ’ ’    Comey by Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland whether the    Clinton investigation was more damning than Petraeus ’’ case , Comey    said , " No , it’ ’s the reverse . " ’ ’    " His conduct to me illustrates the Comey    of behavior that    marks the prosecutions that are actually brought , " Comey said . ’ 
 Comey    