Washington ( CNN ) Jill Stein ’s bid to seek a vote recount in three key Rust Belt states is gaining steam as pressure builds among liberals to challenge the presidential election results . The Jill Stein campaign said The Stein campaign needed to raise over $ 2 million by Friday to pay for recounts     a goal The Stein campaign quickly met . a goal it quickly met was then upped to $ 4 . 5 million , which it also a goal it quickly met . The current a goal it quickly met 7 million . Stein , the Green Party nominee , and others are seeking an audit and recount of the November 8 voting results in Michigan , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin , following reports that voting security experts alerted Hillary Clinton ’s campaign to the possibility of hacks in key counties in those states .   " Over the last    hours , reports have come in from experts , cyber experts , who are reporting to us some very troubling news about the possibility of security breaches in voting results across this country , " Stein campaign manager David Cobb said in a video posted to Stein ’s Facebook page Stein .    Donald Trump claimed Pennsylvania and Wisconsin     wins that helped push him comfortably over the threshold Donald Trump 270 Electoral College votes needed for victory     while Michigan remains too close to call , more than two weeks after Election Day .   While the loss of those states played a large part in Clinton ’s downfall , her lead in the popular Clinton has continued to grow . She now has close to Clinton million more votes than Trump     and pressure has been mounting among liberals for an investigation into what happened on Election Day .   " Election Day audit . Make the call , " filmmaker Joss Whedon tweeted late Tuesday , with a picture of Clinton reading " She Won . "   It ’s an ironic twist from just a month ago , when Trump was cautioning that the election Trump     would be " rigged " and that he may not accept the outcome Trump     Stein , who ran as an independent ,    candidate in 2012 and 2016 , does not stand to benefit personally from the proposed recounts     she received only 1 . 1 Clinton of the vote in Wisconsin and less than 1 % in Pennsylvania . She launched her effort after computer Clinton reportedly Clinton Clinton campaign officials that the election may have indeed been rigged     in Trump ’s favor .   However , her website said the recount attempt Clinton not intended to help Hillary Clinton , " adding : " Clinton are part of an election integrity movement to attempt to shine a light on just how untrustworthy the U. S. election system is . " The group of voting scientists     including University of Michigan ’s J. Alex Halderman and voting rights activist John Bonifaz     alerted the campaign that Clinton ’s tallies fell 7 % shy of Clinton counties that used electronic voting machines . Clinton fell about 27 , 000 votes shy of Clinton in Wisconsin and 60 , 000 in Pennsylvania       margins in both states , which together account for 30 Electoral College votes . Votes still are being tallied in Michigan , which CNN has not called for either candidate yet . However , famed political statistician Nate Silver was skeptical , tweeting that the voting patterns reportedly questioned by computer scientists " are    by demographics     not hacking . " An analysis published on Silver ’s FiveThirtyEight website said that the hacking claim famed political statistician Nate Silver n’t check out " statistically and that there was " no clear evidence that the voting method used in a county     by machine or by paper     had an effect on the vote . " The Clinton campaign has yet to return requests for comment on the reports . Halderman did not return CNN ’s calls for comment Wednesday and his voicemail was full when a reporter attempted to contact him .   " A realistic attack on the election his voicemail probably going to be honing in on whichever state ends up having the closest margin , " Halderman said in an interview on    one month before Halderman election .   Halderman is    in election security the election gained some Halderman after he    his students at the University of Michigan successfully Halderman Washington Halderman Board of Elections in 2010 during a trial run of its online voting system .   People who voted using the Board of Elections were greeted with the University of Michigan ’s fight its online voting system placed there by the University of Michigan city council Michigan scrapped plans for the system after that . 
 its online voting system 