Washington ( CNN ) The Office of Government Ethics Wednesday sent a series of four tweets outlining The Office of Government Ethics procedures examining incoming Trump administration officials     right in the middle of a contentious Senate hearing about Rep. Tom Price ’s stock transactions . a series of four tweets outlining its procedures examining incoming Trump administration officials    right in the middle of a contentious Senate hearing about Rep. Tom Price’s stock transactions did not specifically cite Price , his financial OGE or the Senate hearing Senate The tweets a series of four tweets outlining its procedures examining incoming Trump administration officials    right in the middle of a contentious Senate hearing about Rep. Tom Price’s stock transactions than an hour after Price       Donald Trump ’s nominee to be secretary of Health and Human Services     defended himself against questions Price      Donald Trump’s nominee to be secretary of Health and Human Services     his stock transactions Price      Donald Trump’s nominee to be secretary of Health and Human Services     a Senate hearing and Senate the ethics office the Office of Government Ethics questioning about his investments , Price      Donald Trump’s nominee to be secretary of Health and Human Services     cited the Office of Government Ethics and its " diligence " in its the Office of Government Ethics reviewing all Cabinet nominees’ the Office of Government Ethics records . " We have agreed to every single recommendation that they ’ve made to divest of whatever holdings we have that might even give We appearance of a possible conflict , " Price said . CNN reported on Monday that financial disclosures show Price invested in a medical device manufacturer days before introducing a bill that would benefit that company . Democrats including Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer have called for an investigation into whether Price may have violated the law .   Price has said the stocks were Price through a broker and that he did not know which stocks he owned .   He repeated he he did nothing he and pointed he disclosures he made to OGE that were he off on in the nomination process .   The ethics office ’s tweets came shortly thereafter , with messages outlining what it does     and does n’t The ethics office do . " OGE ’s focus is prevention IGs OGE misconduct   @TheJusticeDept prosecutes criminal violations , " OGE tweeted shortly thereafter .   " OGE oversees the executive branch # ethics OGE , while Congress   the Courts have their own ethics programs , " they Congress  the Courts . " OGE does not Congress  the Courts complaints of misconduct OGE Please learn where   how to report # fed employee misconduct , " the agency wrote , including links to its missions and procedures . OGE did not comment on the tweets OGE the record . Though the tweet did not specially refer to Price , the OGE has tangled with the incoming OGE before . The office ’s Twitter account has been vocal in advocating for full divestment by    Donald Trump , which Trump is not opting to do , and the incoming Trump administration chief of the office has been vocal about his concerns The office An expert on ethics and the chief of the office Federal Election Commission general counsel said Price ’s submission to OGE would not have been scrutinized for past actions .   " The Office of Government ethics reviews his current situation for potential conflicts of interest and the chief of the office an agreement with how he should handle ( divestment ) in the future the chief of the office " Larry Noble , general counsel at the Campaign Legal Noble does not look at his past activity . " Noble also said that the chief of the office the stock through a broker alone would n’t mean there are no ethical questions     saying Price would need to assure he and the broker did not discuss the stock the chief of the office the bill .   " The fact of the matter a broker alone I have had no conversations with my broker about any political activity at all other than her congratulating me on my election , " Price a broker alone the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions a broker alone . Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy said that Price appeared to have invested in a number of drug companies before taking action to " inflate " those firms’ Price .   " Why would n’t you at least tell her , ’Listen , stay clear of any companies that are directly affected by my legislative work ? ’ " Murphy asked .   " Because the agreement that we have is that she ’d provide a diversified portfolio , Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy is exactly what virtually every one of you have in your investment her , and make certain that in order to protect one ’s assets , that there ’s a diversified arrangement for purchase of stocks , " Price said . " I knew nothing about those purchases . " Correction : The OGE tweets did not specifically cite Price , his financial holdings or the Senate hearing . 
 OGE 