  ( CNN ) Helen Beristain voted for Donald Trump even though Helen Beristain is married to an undocumented immigrant .   In November , Helen Beristain thought Donald Trump would deport only people with criminal records     people Donald Trump called " bad hombres "     and that Donald Trump would leave families intact . " I do n’t think ICE is out there to detain anyone and break families , no , " Helen Beristain told CNN affiliate WSBT in March , shortly after Helen Beristain husband , Helen Beristain was detained by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement .   On Wednesday , Beristain Helen Beristain proven wrong as ICE ICE her Helen Beristain across two countries . The real ’bad dudes’ : A look at some of the criminals ICE ICE caught   Roberto Beristain , 44 , was deported back to Mexico despite having no criminal record , family attorney Adam Ansari said . " He family attorney Adam Ansari n’t committed any crimes . He family attorney Adam Ansari n’t even have a parking ticket , " Ansari family attorney Adam Ansari . " From everyone ’s accounts he family attorney Adam Ansari probably one of the most lovable guys you will ever meet . He family attorney Adam Ansari a loving husband and father . And he family attorney Adam Ansari a lot of work into his family attorney Adam Ansari . " CNN calls to Helen Beristain were not returned .   How immigrants are preparing for the worst , Ansari family attorney Adam Ansari a group of pro bono immigration attorneys to represent Roberto Helen Beristain ICE detained him family attorney Adam Ansari February . They filed immigrants motions in federal court on his family attorney Adam Ansari , arguing his family attorney Adam Ansari order was legally improper and asking an immigration judge to stay his family attorney Adam Ansari . They also immigrants a habeas corpus petition arguing the US government had denied his family attorney Adam Ansari process rights .   But unbeknownst to his family attorney Adam Ansari team , ICE deported Beristain before either judge had time to issue a ruling .   " They suddenly immigrants me it was time to go , " Roberto Beristain Beristain as saying . " They told immigrants to get my stuff , they put immigrants in the back of a van and sped toward the border . They took immigrants to another facility while in transport to sign paperwork . I asked to speak with my attorney , but was told there was n’t time for that . At around 10 p. m. I was dropped off at the    border the border Mexico . " In a statement to CNN , ICE said , " On April 4 , 2017 , officers with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ’s ( ICE ) Enforcement and Removal Operations ( ERO ) removed Roberto Beristain Cegueda to Mexico via Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . ERO officers turned Mexico over to Mexican authorities at the Paso Del Norte Port of Entry in El Paso , Texas . "   " I was scared because I did n’t know where I was going . I did n’t know what would happen with me . I ’ve never him here , " Roberto Beristain said in Ciudad Juarez , where he is staying at a Roberto Beristain for immigrants .   A US resident for nearly 20 years , Roberto Beristain arrived to the Roberto Beristain in 1998 through a Mexican border crossing , Ansari said . Helen Beristain told Roberto Beristain they met Roberto Beristain restaurant in Fort Wayne , Indiana . They married in 2001 and eventually settled they the city of Mishawaka , once named the best place to raise your kids by Business Week magazine . Their family quickly grew from raising a they from a previous marriage to sharing three children , all US citizens .   He did n’t seek legal residency through a child marriage because he was afraid it a child require him a child go back to Mexico for a child time , Beristain said . The current legal predicament dates back to a 2000 family vacation to Niagara Falls , New York . The Beristains missed an exit and crossed into Canada . When they turned around they were detained by The Beristains , Ansari The Beristains .    " When immigration officials picked him up at that time , they Ansari him incorrectly , " Ansari immigration officials . Ansari If they had Ansari him correctly , the immigration officials departure order Ansari n’t have been an option and he could have followed other avenues . Ansari    Because of the incorrect classification that resulted in a voluntary departure order , Ansari said , Roberto Beristain entered a Ansari limbo in Ansari a green card proved all but impossible . In the meantime , he made due with a work permit and Ansari drivers license , Ansari said .     For the last few Ansari , Beristain had been working as a cook in Ansari ’s Steak Shed in Granger , Indiana , Ansari said . In January , he became Ansari restaurant ’s owner .    Ansari He has employment authorization , " said Ansari Ansari " For five years he had Ansari voluntarily showing up at the Ansari office in Florida , where his immigration attorney lives . This year when Ansari flew down to Florida , he was Ansari back to Indiana Florida He Ansari to the ICE office in Indianapolis Ansari that is where he was detained . " From Indianapolis , Ansari said , Beristain bounced between Indianapolis facilities Ansari Indiana , Wisconsin , Illinois , Louisiana , Indiana Mexico and Texas     making it more difficult for his attorneys to file legal motions in one Ansari . Then on Wednesday , as his legal team was expecting a ruling , Ansari got the news : ICE had deported his legal team to Juarez in the middle of the Ansari .   Source : ICE targets ’sanctuary cities’ Voter thought the ’good people’ would stay   " I think our President is going to keep all the his legal team people here . He is not going to tear up families our President I do n’t think he wants to do that . He just our President to keep us safe , our President Helen Beristain told WSBT his legal team March .   Today , Ansari said , she feels betrayed .   our President asked why our President voted for Trump despite his harsh    our President , Ansari said her our President concern in November was our President economy our President   " Granger is in a very Republican town , " he said . " She has a lot Granger conservative people around our President . They run a steakhouse that serves our President    conservative people around her . She is in the middle of Indiana . our President everyone around you is only saying one thing . .. people live in news bubbles . "    In an interview with the South Bend Tribune , she recalled her husband saying , " ’He our President going our President get rid of the Mexicans.’ " She told the Tribune her response at the our President was the South Bend Tribune our President only deport the " bad hombres . " South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg , a Democrat , wrote an article for the Huffington Post defending Roberto Beristain ’s place in their conservative community . " Think of the favorite South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg, a Democrat of conservatism : hard work , small business ownership , suspicion of overbearing government , and support for family . Each one of those themes is at stake here , and each is insulted by the prospect of a person like Roberto being ripped away from his business , friends , wife and children , Roberto a federal agency . " Ansari and the legal team representing Beristain are far Roberto done . They plan to file new court motions asking for Ansari and the legal team representing Beristain federal judge to bring him back .   " It is fundamentally unfair a federal judge do this to a person whether you have your papers or not , " Ansari said , referring to the lack of due Roberto . " He has been here for 20 years . He Roberto a family and a business . You Roberto not going to give him an opportunity for relief ? He has contributed Roberto much to his community . Roberto United States citizens we can Roberto him that much . " 
 Roberto 