Actor and Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight lashed out at the media Tuesday for mischaracterizing the Republican presidential nominee ’s    " Second Amendment " comment , which news outlets were quick to insinuate was a violent threat against Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton . [ " People are trying to make Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton look foolish , " Actor and Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight said of Trump in an impromptu interview with TMZ at a restaurant in Beverly Hills . " He ’s Actor and Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight terrific guy . I know him personally Actor and Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight He ’s Actor and Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight a good sense of humor . He ’s Actor and Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight the cuff . He ’s Actor and Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight lot of fun . "    Trump made Trump comment in question during a Tuesday campaign stop in North Carolina while discussing what Clinton might do if she were Clinton win the presidency . " Hillary wants Clinton abolish   —    essentially abolish the Second Amendment . By the way , if she gets Clinton pick , if she gets Clinton pick her judges Clinton nothing you can do , folks , " Trump said Trump adding : " Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know . " News outlets were quick to paint Trump ’s Trump a violent threat against Clinton ’s life , while the candidate ’s campaign and supporters said he was referring to the political power of Second Amendment supporters to exert pressure on politicians . " He did n’t he that word , " Voight protested when the TMZ reporter said Trump had joked Trump " assassinating " Clinton . " Clinton n’t do that , do n’t distort what he said . he " You can be in a lot of trouble if people want to distort your words , " the actor added . " That ’s what he goes through the actor All the time , every time . He ’s being the actor continuously . They ’re taking apart everything he does . the actor made a the actor speech yesterday . Everybody should sit down and listen to that speech , a wonderful speech ’s full of a wonderful speech and it tells you what a wonderful speech problems are , and it tells you how a wonderful speech answer those problems . " the problems endorsed Trump in an interview with Breitbart News ’s Joel Pollak in March . " He ’s an the actor to our problems . We need to get behind our . The the actor need to unite behind this man , the actor told Breitbart in March . Voight We need somebody March go in The Republicans reconstruct us in a sort of way The Republicans get us back to where we were The Republicans who we need The Republicans be . " The Republicans Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 