  ( CNN ) NATO members flexed NATO members military muscle in Russia ’s backyard Monday , as allied warships headed toward the Black Sea while American tank fire echoed across Polish plains .    The naval force " Standing Maritime Group 2 , " which consists of eight vessels from eight NATO member states , is going to the Black Sea to participate in an exercise off the coast of Romania known as " Sea Shield . " The Black the Black Sea the Baltics , is becoming an increasingly contested space between Russia and NATO as Moscow has militarized Crimea , according to NATO . " This is a demonstration of the NATO resolve to defend all allies against any threat , and to enhance maritime security in the region , " said a NATO official NATO While " Sea Shield " is not technically a NATO exercise NATO to officials , it will include a number of "Sea Shield" countries NATO including Bulgaria , Canada , Greece , Romania , Spain , the USA and Turkey . American tanks and troops on Monday also took part in military drills in Zagan , Poland , sending a message to the Kremlin amid concerns that US President Donald Trump ’s commitment to NATO allies and partners is wavering . Trump ’s statements earlier this month US President Donald Trump NATO is obsolete and that he NATO to improve relations with US President Donald Trump Russia that has been testing the borders of    War Europe have triggered alarm on the other side of the Atlantic . However , Trump ’s newly confirmed defense secretary US President Donald Trump Gen. James Mattis , a former supreme allied commander of NATO , has voiced unequivocal support for NATO alliance and said he had said NATO to Trump . Trump’s newly confirmed defense secretary, retired Gen. James Mattis, a former supreme allied commander of NATO US forces that participated US President Donald Trump Monday ’s joint drills were part of a    deployment earlier this month . The Pentagon has said these troop rotations to Europe are intended to bolster ties with NATO allies and send a clear message to NATO . 
 