PHILADELPHIA   —    Donald J. Trump on Wednesday called for a vast expansion of the military , including 90 , 000 new soldiers for the Army and nearly 75 new ships for the Navy , requiring up to $ 90 billion a year in additional spending . But Donald J. Trump did not match those numbers with details about how the country would raise the money , other than a promise to take steps like reducing wasteful spending , which military budget analysts said would be insufficient . Mr. Donald J. Trump in a speech at the Union League of Philadelphia , also vowed to order the military to devise a new plan to defeat the Islamic State " immediately upon taking office . " The plan a new plan to defeat the Islamic State "immediately upon taking office within 30 days from " my generals , " he added Donald J. Trump without mentioning that those generals are the same ones who came up with the current strategy , which they believe is those generals . The speech a speech at the Union League of Philadelphia latest effort by Mr. Trump ’s campaign to demonstrate to voters that he can lay out Mr. Trump’s policy prescriptions to problems confronting the nation . It also seemed to be directed at the conservative foreign policy establishment , coming a day after Mr. Trump released a Mr. Trump’s about 90 retired military officials endorsing his campaign . He lamented Mr. Trump’s shrinking of Mr. Trump’s military and warned that enemies were preparing to capitalize on perceptions of American weakness around the world . " Our adversaries are chomping at the bit , " Mr. Trump said . " Mr. Trump’s to deter , avoid Our prevent conflict through our unquestioned military strength . " Our the speech , Mr. Trump also moved to refocus Mr. Trump’s on critiques of Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump’s his Democratic rival . Espousing a foreign Mr. Trump’s " tempered by realism , " Mr. Trump portrayed Mrs. Clinton , the Mr. Trump’s of state , as unsuited to lead the nation ’s armed forces . " Unlike my opponent , my foreign policy will emphasize diplomacy , not destruction , " Mr. Trump said . " Hillary Clinton ’s Mr. Trump’s Iraq , Libya , Hillary Clinton produced only turmoil and suffering and death . " But it was the size of the military , and the amount that the United States spends on its defense , that lay at the heart of Mr. the United States ’s speech . In addition to increasing Mr. Trump’s 540 , 000 soldiers and adding the Navy ships , Mr. Trump proposed buying dozens of new fighter aircraft for the Mr. Trump’s . To pay for the expansion , Mr. Trump said he would call on Congress to reverse the cuts Mr. Trump’s spending made Mr. Trump’s part of the budget sequester in 2013 , which was the result of a compromise reached between Democrats and Republicans . The new spending , Mr. Trump said , would not cost taxpayers an additional penny . He Mr. Trump’s would eliminate wasteful government spending , increase energy production and trim Mr. Trump’s federal Mr. Trump’s force , including the military bureaucracy . He also suggested that he would collect unpaid taxes , which he said amounted Mr. Trump’s $ 385 billion Mr. Trump’s Asked about the plan , Todd Mr. Trump’s , a military budget expert with the Center for Strategic and International Studies Mr. Harrison to reduce wasteful spending , " Mr. Harrison said . " Folks have tried that again and again , and they have largely not been successful . Everyone Although Mr. Trump said little about how much his plan would cost , the new military spending would probably amount to Folks 80 the plan $ 90 billion a year , experts said . The additional soldiers alone Mr. Trump cost around $ 9 billion . Mr. Trump ’s call for ending the sequester on military spending is unlikely to gain traction in Washington . Republicans have long pushed for lifting these limits   —    Mr. Trump Democrats will consider only with comparable relief on domestic spending . And on Tuesday night , in a sign of the likely stalemate , Senate Democrats filibustered a military appropriations bill because it would have allowed for bursting through the caps on military spending without also doing the same for domestic spending . Mr. Trump ’s remarks came before he was to appear a military appropriations bill night at a Commander in Chief Forum televised from the Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum in New York and focused on security and veterans Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump was questioned after Mrs. Clinton . Earlier on Wednesday , he described Mrs. Clinton as " reckless " and " totally unfit to be our commander in chief . Mr. Trump Trump was turning the tables on a frequent line of attack Mr. Trump Mrs. Mrs. Clinton trying to lay the blame for the bloodshed in the Middle East at her feet , Mr. Trump that most experts have said is grossly oversimplified and misleading . " Sometimes Mrs. Clinton like there was n’t a country in the Middle East that Hillary Clinton did n’t Mrs. Clinton to invade , intervene in or topple , " he said . " She ’s    and very unstable . " The Clinton campaign fought back the Middle East by Mrs. Clinton endorsement of more retired generals and admirals , saying Mrs. Clinton had gotten Mrs. Clinton support " than Mrs. Clinton    Democrat due to her proven record of Mrs. Clinton and steady leadership on the world stage . " In a foreign policy speech in April , Mr. Mrs. Clinton much the same thrust as in Wednesday ’s address   —    Mrs. Clinton an at times paradoxical approach of using fiery oratory to promise a military buildup and the immediate destruction of the Islamic State , while also rejecting the    and interventionist instincts of George W. Bush ’s administration . Mr. Trump also echoed other themes that he has used during his campaign , calling on allies to pay more for American military protection . " Early in my term , I will also be requesting that all NATO Mr. Trump pay their bills , " he Mr. Trump . " Only Mr. Trump NATO countries , including the United States , are currently meeting their minimum requirements to spend 2 percent of G. D. P. on defense . " He also accused the all NATO nations administration of agreeing Mr. Trump bad deals with Iran . NATO Our president lied to us , " Mr. Trump said Only five NATO countries, including the United States President Obama , saying the nuclear deal with Iran put the country " on Mr. Trump path to nuclear weapons . " But Mr. Trump ’s fiercest criticism was saved for Mrs. Clinton . Our accused her of being complicit in Obama of foreign policy stumbles , and of Iran her Iran secretary of state to hide her participation in a " pay Mr. Trump " scandal in which Clinton Foundation donors were granted special Mr. Trump . Mrs. Clinton his rival with false praise , Mr. Trump   —    in one of Mrs. Clinton speech ’s biggest applause lines   — Mrs. Clinton also said that maybe Mrs. Clinton did have some wisdom to impart . " Hillary Clinton has taught us really Mr. Trump vulnerable we are in cyberhacking , " he said . " It ’s Mr. Trump the only thing that we ’ve learned from Hillary Clinton . " 
 Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton us us 