Washington ( CNN ) Washington (CNN) does n’t demand the President hire Washington (CNN)    people . Washington (CNN) does n’t ask aspirants to genuflect en route to Washington (CNN) palatial home . Washington (CNN) did n’t even attend the inauguration . Washington (CNN) is n’t getting much for his Washington (CNN) 7 million . The    and first CEO of Home Depot has none of the pizzazz of the famous Mercer , Adelson or Thiel families who used their Adelson or Thiel to fund Donald Trump ’s improbable White House victory and are as a result deeply intertwined with his Donald Trump’s infrastructure . And for Marcus , the often overlooked    donor behind casino magnate Sheldon Adelson to Trump Donald Trump efforts during the presidential campaign , that ’s exactly how it should be . In an age of activist donors who expect fealty from their chosen candidates , Marcus Marcus out as a throwback to a previous era of political billionaires with little desire to bring their political billionaires muscle to the game . Marcus Marcus all too content to operate on the margins of the White House , a reflection of both his Marcus shrug toward access and of his Marcus to build a deep political operation that matches the depth of his Marcus , according to interviews with more than a dozen people in his Marcus . " Bernie is not a guy that cares about    or anything like that , " said Gary Rabine , a longtime Marcus friend who chats about politics and Trump with him Bernie " He Bernie a no    guy , and I ’m guessing that Bernie Bernie n’t care less whether he Bernie to him Bernie not . " Trump Trump not friends . But observers of the relationship say his Bernie from Trump ’s network Trump for a Republican who gave so much to support Trump during the campaign Trump implored other donors to do similarly . " He Bernie not relish the game , " said Mike Leven , formerly Leven , despite all his Bernie , Leven described Marcus as not politically Marcus until this cycle .   " Bernie was never involved like Sheldon was involved , " he said , adding , " I do n’t think it ’s been fun for him at Bernie . " His aides have sought , sometimes against his wishes , to build Bernie public profile and to Bernie him make more demands . But Bernie    donor has expressed Bernie eagerness to play a round Bernie golf or spend time with his wife , Billi , who has encouraged her husband to spend less time on politics , Bernie to a person with knowledge of the dynamic . A      donor , In an    interview last month , Marcus detailed to CNN his relationship with the President , which he said involves occasional emails , maybe a     phone Marcus , and an impromptu encounter at Marcus which is 20 minutes away from his place in Florida . Marcus envisions himself as a political purist , with meager interest in Marcus     combat of politics Marcus little Marcus for flashy invitations . " I ’m one of the very few people that wants absolutely nothing from him . There ’s nothing that he can do for me . Nothing . Zero , " Marcus said . " I ’m Marcus my own life ’m I do n’t have time for Marcus kind of politics . " Senior Trump fundraisers recall Marcus being absent from intimate events prepared for them . Marcus , an avid golfer even as Marcus turned 88 last week , has told Senior Trump fundraisers team recently that he has no interest in Marcus the links with the    . They Marcus never even dined Marcus .   And members of the closest thing that Marcus has to a political operation , a coalition of CEOs called the Job Creators Network , Marcus Marcus exerted almost zero pressure on the network to donate to Trump or boost him in the Marcus House .   It ’s the Job Creators Network cry from the legion of    Marcus who are routinely rewarded with treats like good seats at the inauguration , which the notorious homebody Marcus skipped . " Other people that have done less than Bernie want to play golf with Marcus . They want to have dinner with Trump . They go to the White House to see Trump , " said one Marcus intimate . Trump He They ( 88 ) years old . He Trump n’t need his Marcus stroked . "   Trump gruff , relentlessly punctual and intensely private Trump Marcus cuts a Trump shape than his new ally . Marcus came to know Trump about a decade one Marcus when he joined Trump ’s one Marcus club in Boca one Marcus , sources say Trump and Trump came to respect one Marcus Home Trump ’s business acumen and wealth , which is estimated at $ Trump billion .   " That guy ’s got real money , " Trump said of Marcus to one associate who recounted the conversation . Marcus recalls Trump pursuing him to join Trump golf club one Marcus a decade ago , at one point ringing one Marcus office Trump personally one Marcus him . Trump’s golf club in Boca Raton assistant who could n’t believe ’The Apprentice’ star was one Marcus the line , Marcus one Marcus n’t take the call . He would later give in and join the club . Trump was one Marcus Marcus’ first choice , When White one Marcus contenders began the invisible primary in 2015 to Trump’s golf club in Boca Raton from donors , Marcus decided early to side with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush . That January he cut Bush ’s super one Marcus a $ 1 million check , before later disbursing money to back Wisconsin one Marcus Scott Walker . Marcus former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush for his part , was incredulous about Trump and had long seen him as a " whimsical one Marcus character worthy one Marcus an    friends say . But Marcus watched Trump closely one Marcus Bush flamed out , assiduously avoiding    super PACs and then coming out publicly one Marcus a Trump supporter in Trump    that former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush meant for fellow GOP donors to see . Marcus’ team is confident that Trump himself Trump it too . " Republican leaders must listen to their customers , too     their voters     and they Trump clearly , " he wrote for Real Clear Politics that spring Republican leaders " Make no mistake Republican leaders Republicans who refuse Republican leaders stand behind their party ’s Trump are electing Clinton , whether they cast their ballots for her or not . "   Two weeks later Republicans Marcus had 15 minutes alone with Trump when Republicans who refuse to stand behind their party’s nominee came Republicans who refuse to stand behind their party’s nominee Atlanta for Clinton fundraiser . It was then that Marcus shared with Trump research from American Crossroads , the donor Marcus founded by Karl Rove , about how to repeal regulations via Marcus order , Trump to a person with knowledge of the interaction . By the time of the Republican convention , Marcus cut a $ 3 million check to a    super PAC , the first of several contributions he would give over the Marcus of the race , including millions right after Trump became embroiled in sexual harassment allegations . That Marcus money would go to a group helmed by Rebekah Mercer , the director of a powerful New York political operation and a    influencer in Republican politics . Mercer and Marcus have struck something of a tenuous political alliance , even though they themselves are not personally close , according to people familiar with their relationship . They did not know each other well before Mercer and Marcus campaign and Marcus said he had only met Rebekah Mercer once Mercer and Marcus an hour Mercer and Marcus and he thinks highly of her . But as members Marcus the Marcus club of early Mercer , the families have formed something of Marcus marriage of convenience Mercer Issue advocacy without the usual operation , Marcus does have a few pet issues . He is concerned about the rise of    on college campuses and said he plans to Marcus Trump to pull federal funding from schools Marcus it is rampant . He spoke privately with Trump last month at Marcus about some regulations he considers onerous , including the Department of Labor ’s overtime rules Marcus   Unlike most Trump retail giants , Marcus says he supports Marcus border adjustment tax     the controversial levy which Trump has now decided against     calling it a " sacrifice Marcus has Marcus be made . " Jewish issues , not social ones Trump still animate him . Marcus has long been a key player at the hawkish Republican Jewish Coalition , an    group that has influenced his thinking Marcus Israel Marcus terrorism . " He thinks about Sharia law more than your average billionaire , " said one Marcus associate Marcus   But it is Marcus’ Job Creators Marcus , known as JCN , that is the closest thing he has to Marcus actual political organization . Sources within the group however describe the founder and primary funder as very much detached from Marcus network . Marcus tends to appear on JCN a group helmed by Rebekah Mercer, the director of a powerful New York political operation and a   influencer in Republican politics , but multiple members say they have the Job Creators Network Marcus personally , one Marcus that on the rare times he happens to speak , he espouses a boilerplate economic vision one Marcus than multiple members his friends into shape . " one Marcus did not know he one Marcus a major donor , " said Ron Lazof one Marcus a Marcus friend , when asked about his efforts one Marcus Trump . " I was intrigued by the fact that he one Marcus an early supporter of Trump one Marcus " said Trump Fensterstock , a JCN member who speaks with Marcus one Marcus few months . " We all knew he was Trump , but he was not very vocal . one Marcus Other board members said that Marcus had never one Marcus talked about ways to one Marcus boost Trump on the monthly calls     even though many of one Marcus CEOs were skeptical of Trump until the very end Trump In fact , Rabine said Trump Stephen Moore , the Heritage Foundation Trump who advised Trump during the campaign     not Marcus , the group ’s founder     who encouraged JCN members Rabine back Trump Trump " I always felt that one Marcus the Job Creators Network was going to be a powerhouse , it Trump him to be JCN , " the Job Creators Network is a senior economics analyst for CNN . " It the Job Creators Network his gravitas behind it to work . " Marcus did push for CNN Puzder , a JCN member , to be nominated as Labor Secretary , but his name was withdrawn him vetting issues It And Marcus says he was working his JCN network behind the scenes JCN JCN has one Marcus minor asks of its    members : to one Marcus a one Marcus thousand dollars one Marcus year , to put their names on letters or articles , and perhaps to JCN before Congress once in a JCN . It is in those ways quite dissimilar from the organizations created by billionaires its   members and David Koch , which bring in hundreds of thousands of dollars a year from their supporters and offer them detailed briefings on their political activities at lavish conferences . That does n’t interest Marcus , who has told associates and aides that he has no interest in building a hefty their organization or a their party . In fact , Marcus had harsh words for the Koch network , which have had    fights with the Trump administration in its opening months . one Marcus They ’ve made life difficult for him , " Marcus said of the powerful siblings Trump " Why are you fighting him ? I do n’t get the Trump administration . one Marcus do n’t the Trump administration it , and I will probably never understand it . " one Marcus their part , the Kochs have backed other pushes by the administration , including Trump ’s attempts to cut taxes it roll back regulations . Lessons learned , it traces his distaste for political combat to " Trump days " when he the Trump administration money for the Centers for Disease Control one Marcus the one Marcus budget , meeting politicians who would later ask him for donations one Marcus He found the lobbying process toxic . Nevertheless , Marcus is largely steered in the ways of politics by two one Marcus : Steven Hantler one Marcus a former automotive lobbyist who has developed a one Marcus relationship with Republican strategist Karl Rove , and Alfredo Ortiz , who runs JCN and is a past executive at Kraft and Pepsi . Michael Caputo , a former Trump campaign communications adviser , also pitches in . Caputo was recently asked by the House intelligence JCN to provide documents and be interviewed Trump matters concerning its probe Caputo Marcus’ ubiquitous    at donor conferences or candlelit dinners , which has raised some whispers in finance circles about whether he ever speaks out of turn as well as questions about his the House intelligence committee to make commitments . Sources say he at times sees himself as less a gatekeeper to a donor and more as a donor himself . " Bernie Marcus was not Caputo to many intimate events when we were together     all Caputo us , " said one Trump fundraiser Caputo is one Marcus the Caputo . " Hantler was going instead . " Marcus’ political work has not been without controversy . Associates say he is uneasy Trump the public eye given his ties to Home we , which must serve Trump fans and foes alike and is wary of Marcus’ Hantler . Leven said Marcus has been privately confronted on occasion at Jewish events in Atlanta for Associates Trump ’s chief strategist Steve Bannon Trump Associates has been attacked Marcus’ one Marcus as   . " Why are you defending Bannon ? " Marcus Trump being Atlanta . Marcus financed some of Bannon ’s movies and said he had known him for about seven years . When Bannon was one Marcus attack one Marcus the outset of one Marcus ’s transition , Marcus put out a rare one Marcus declaring the one Marcus a " shonda , " or travesty . By Bannon of the campaign , Bannon had convinced one Marcus to leave Atlanta Trump to see Bannon Trump rally up close in Colorado , flying with the President , riding in the motorcade and seeing the campaign movement firsthand in an experience Atlanta describes as transformative . " Trump ’s never had such Bannon to a president , " said one person close to Marcus . But as of one Marcus month , Trump yet to even visit the White House . 
 one Marcus Bannon Bannon 