In an appearance on CNBC on Thursday ,    network personality Larry Kudlow took on former Rep. Barney Frank ( ) over what could happen in the 2016 presidential political cycle .   According to network personality Larry Kudlow , there is a pathway for current GOP presidential    Donald Trump to win the nomination . " First of all , I think if   Donald Trump finishes second in Iowa , if he   Donald Trump New Hampshire and he   Donald Trump South Carolina , and I think those are plausible scenarios , he   Donald Trump going to be the GOP nominee . He   Donald Trump going to be the the GOP nominee " Kudlow said . " I think he   Donald Trump very close to getting to that spot , running TV ads as you know . " Kudlow went Kudlow add if it were a Trump versus Democratic presidential    Hillary Clinton    in the 2016 general election , he   Donald Trump Trump winning Trump versus Democratic away because Clinton is   Hillary Clinton flawed candidate . " I think Trump beats Trump versus Democratic ,   Hillary Clinton , " he   Donald Trump " I think that Hillary is a weak candidate . She ’s Hillary so many weights around her neck Hillary ankles , including her husband Hillary including Barack Obama , including her flawed Hillary with respect to Iran and Libya , including the al Qaeda issues , including by the way , the economy . Let ’s face it . the economy have a    president , alright . Then the person succeeding that    president inherits the presidency . So she has Hillary inherit Obama ’s presidency . I think Obama is Obama unpopular today and will become more so . I think those are big minuses for Mrs. Clinton Hillary drew the ire of Frank , who called Kudlow ’s argument a " partisan diatribe " and insisted Trump would n’t be the nominee and that if he were , the nominee would defeat Hillary easily . Hillary as follows : FRANK : Well , I think the more interesting thing that occurs to me is Larry versus reality . Frankly I ’m disappointed . I never heard such a partisan diatribe in what ’s supposed to be a thoughtful conversation . KUDLOW : That was n’t a diatribe . I actually mean that . FRANK : Larry FRANK please Larry n’t interrupt me . Come on , look . KUDLOW : I KUDLOW serious , ’m ’m serious . ’m : can FRANK get ground rules set here . Larry , the Larry interruptions , it really is n’t helpful . KUDLOW : Yeah KUDLOW FRANK : It FRANK a diatribe against Hillary Clinton including great exaggerations on all counts in terms of diplomacy with Iran , let ’s start with that . As a matter of fact , the greatest progress Iran was making Iran regard to nuclear weapons uninterrupted was under George W. Bush . I would have liked to have had an earlier or even better resolution , but the Obama record regarding Iran is better Iran the Bush record regarding George W. Bush . There Iran realities that you have to deal with . As to the economy , once again , comparison very much favors the Democrats between the bush years and where we are today . And the argument that Donald Trump is going to beat Hillary Clinton is fantasy . He has unpopular Hillary Clinton very , very high , huge segments of the electorate are n’t there . There are already Republican candidates who said they could n’t support him . So Hillary Clinton I said , as a Democrat I would love to see Trump . I Donald Trump n’t think it would be the best thing for the country . The notion that he is going Hillary Clinton win   —    he is   Hillary Clinton    here is what I will make this prediction : Unrealistically trump is the nominee it ’s going Unrealistically trump put Republican candidates for Congress and governor all over the country in the country bind they were in since Republican candidates Goldwater with a similar result . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 