  ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan was asked    Thursday by a woman whose parents brought    to the US as an undocumented immigrant at age 11 , and who has remained in the country for 21 years since : " Do you think that I should be deported ? " " I can see that you love your daughter and you ’re a nice person who has a great future ahead of you , and I hope your future ’s here , " House Speaker Paul Ryan responded during a CNN town hall in Washington moderated by Jake Tapper .    Donald Trump has pledged to repeal President Barack Obama ’s executive actions that allowed undocumented immigrants brought into the country as children and their undocumented immigrants to remain in the the country fear of deportation . House Speaker Paul Ryan said lawmakers are talking with Trump ’s Donald Trump about those immigrants     and said Trump ’s focus Donald Trump violent criminals and building a    border wall . " That ’s the problem House Speaker Paul Ryan wants to focus on . This is not the focus . And Trump’s focus we have to do is find a way to ensure that you can get right with the law , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said . " We have to figure out how to fix this , but to do that , people need to have confidence that our laws are being followed We people know who ’s coming and going and we need to have a secure border . " " What we have to do is we out how to have a humane solution to this very legitimate , sincere problem , and respect the rule of law , " Ryan said . Tapper asked Ryan if Republicans would seek Ryan law barring the federal government from using information submitted by those allowed to remain in the US through Obama ’s executive actions to deport those individuals . Ryan responded that though some Ryan a deportation force , " it ’s not happening . " Tapper responded that Trump had actually talked of creating a " deportation force " on the campaign trail . " I know , I know , " Ryan said , laughing . Ryan But I ’m here to tell you , in Congress , it ’s not happening . " He did , however , Ryan a hard line on " sanctuary cities " that do n’t deport undocumented immigrants . " Sanctuary cities are a violation of the rule of law , and they are not to be Sanctuary cities , " he said .   " Ryan means if you want federal assistance , you ’re not going to get it . You ’ve got federal assistance enforce the law , " Ryan law referring to Ryan that adopt such policies . 
 