Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) Two prosthetic legs lean against the wall in the bedroom , black shoes protruding from the trousers . In another corner sit several suitcases , packed , stacked and ready to go . Omar Hameed plans to strap Two prosthetic legs on when he Omar Hameed gets the    to head to Baghdad International Airport with this wife and four children to fly to the United States .   Their passports all have clearly marked immigrant visas , issued by the US Embassy in Baghdad on Dec. 20 , 2016 .   But their Their are now on hold following President Trump ’s executive order imposing a temporary travel ban on citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries , including Iraq . Hameed , 39 , lost his legs in 2009 , when the Islamic State of Iraq     the precursor to ISIS     planted a bomb under the driver ’s seat of his the driver’s .   Earlier that day he the driver’s attended a farewell ceremony for the US Marines outside his the driver’s city of Falluja . The blast was revenge for Hameed the driver’s work with the Marines and Iraqi police in what , during the American occupation of Iraq , was Iraq Iraq deadliest city .   During his the driver’s recovery , Hameed the driver’s he the driver’s to leave his the driver’s . He the driver’s for an immigration visa to the United States under a special refugee program for Iraqis who had worked with or helped the US in Iraq Iraq    Iraq Iraq from other blacklisted countries , Trump ’s travel ban has touched a raw nerve here .   " It ’s disgusting , " former Iraqi National Security Advisor Muwafaq    told me . " It It like spitting in the face of Iraq Iraq " You could argue that Iraq Iraq the odd one out among the seven countries blacklisted by the White House .   Unlike Syria , Sudan and Iran , which have a long and troubled history with the US , or Yemen , Libya or Somalia , where war and chaos reign , Iraq has a functioning government with full diplomatic relations with Washington .   Foreign Minister Ibrahim    summoned the US ambassador Monday to protest the ban , saying that Iraq Iraq a victim of terrorism , not a source of it the ban   In a statement issued after the meeting , the Foreign Minister Ibrahim    noted that some of the foreign jihadis fighting for ISIS in Iraq Iraq from the US and other democratic states , but Iraq Iraq n’t imposed bans on Americans or others .   The timing of the ban is perceived as a particular insult at a time when Iraqi casualties are mounting in the offensive to retake Mosul , now into its fourth month Iraqi   READ : How Trump may be inadvertently helping ISIS , But Iraq Iraq options are limited . More than 5 , 000 US military personnel are in Iraq Iraq providing critical support in the war on ISIS .   ISIS Monday the Iraqi parliament voted to impose reciprocal travel restrictions on US citizens . The vote was    and the government says it ’s considering The vote action to take . President Trump defended the travel ban amid mounting criticism this week , tweeting Wednesday that it is " about keeping bad people ( with bad intentions ) out of the country . " But experts say that the move may only serve to strengthen terrorists . " By validating Islamist extremist narratives of the West being at war with Islam , the ban acts as a powerful recruiting incentive , " Julia Ebner and Jonathan Russell , an analyst and head of policy at Quilliam , a    think tank in London , wrote in a CNN   .     ’Sacrifice and courage’ Hameed was n’t interested in critiquing the executive order . He wants to courage’ Hameed on the merits of his case , courage’ Hameed me a list of commendations from his old Marine courage’ Hameed .   The Marines who worked with Hameed wrote glowing recommendations . " Mr. Hameed ’s Hameed and unyielding courage is a testament to his patriotism and love Hameed his fellow man , Hameed wrote Marine Corps Cpt . Robert Scott . The captain added that Hameed " actions contributed Hameed an untold number of Iraqi and American lives being saved throughout Falluja and many parts of Anbar Province . " Hameed ’s first encounter with Hameed Americans did n’t start well .   " I saw people planting bombs by the side of the street in my neighborhood , " he recalls . " I Hameed to the Americans and warned them the Americans detained me , the Americans I the Americans lying . Then they went and checked , and the Americans the bombs . " After that bombs became a source of Hameed intelligence in a city where Americans were the enemy and hundreds lost their lives . Hameed has n’t returned Americans Hameed since the attempt on his life , and has Hameed plans to return . " I have no future in Iraq , and my children have no future , " he says . " If Hameed go back to Falluja , they my children be under threat Falluja People my children say ’your father is Omar’ and kill them . "   His American dream People his children is ’your father : " I ’your father them to go to a good school his children and live a good life . " With the travel ban , Hameed ’s hopes are fading . " It was a shock , a strong shock , " he says . He and his wife Hameed multiple interviews Hameed medical Hameed and security checks over the last three years .   When the visas finally came through , they sold all their possessions , and the visas now crowded the visas one bedroom at a relative ’s house in a Baghdad suburb . When asked how long it would take him and his family to be ready Hameed they Hameed the call to go , him and his family replies without a moment ’s hesitation Hameed   " Ten minutes . " Sitting in his wheelchair at home , Hameed is Hameed paying attention to the Hameed over the ban .   Instead , he ’s watching the calendar . His Hameed expires in April . If Hameed travel ban remains in place , the ban ’ll be back to Hameed very Hameed square one . 
 