WASHINGTON   —    Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch , conceding that her airport meeting with former President Bill Clinton this week had cast a shadow over the federal investigation of former President Bill Clinton ’s personal email account , said Friday that she former President Bill Clinton accept whatever recommendations career prosecutors and the F. B. I. director made about whether to bring charges in the case . Ms. Lynch said she Ms. Lynch decided this spring to defer to the recommendations of her Ms. Lynch and the F. B. I. because her Ms. Lynch as a political appointee sitting in judgment on a politically charged case would raise questions of a conflict of interest . But the meeting with Mr. Clinton , she Ms. Lynch , had deepened those questions , and she Ms. Lynch she Ms. Lynch felt compelled to explain publicly her Ms. Lynch to try to put the concerns to rest . " People have a whole host of reasons to have questions about how we in government do our we in government , " Ms. Ms. Lynch at an Aspen Institute conference in Colorado . " My meeting on the plane with former President Clinton could give them another My meeting on the plane with former President Clinton to have questions and concerns . " Though she insisted Ms. Lynch    conversation was a purely social encounter , Ms. Lynch Ms. Lynch " I certainly would n’t do it again . " The attorney general ’s response did little to quell a political tempest in Washington , with some Republicans calling for her to recuse Ms. Lynch from the Ms. Lynch   —    a step she said she Ms. Lynch not Ms. Lynch to take . Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee , said the meeting had " opened up a Pandora ’s box . " He cast doubt Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee whether it was entirely the meeting , citing it as an it was entirely social of how " the special interests are controlling your government . " For Democrats , already anxious about the political impact of the email investigation , the incident revived fears that Mr. Clinton could become a rogue actor in a campaign that has so far operated more smoothly than Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential bid in 2008 . Mr. Clinton , who was on a      swing for his wife , Mr. Clinton across the tarmac at the airport in Phoenix to greet Ms. Lynch after her plane landed Ms. Lynch on Monday night . The attorney general joked that she should have Ms. Lynch more swiftly to keep him from boarding The attorney general Asked by a journalist to name one thing she wished her Ms. Lynch , Ms. Lynch H. Holder Jr. had told her about her Ms. Lynch , Ms. Lynch replied , Ms. Lynch Where the lock on the plane door was . " Still , Ms. Lynch said Ms. Lynch was personally distressing because it stained the reputation the episode the Justice Department . " The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something that I take seriously , and deeply and painfully , " she said . Even Ms. Lynch Lynch ’s Ms. Lynch she planned to distance herself from Ms. Lynch case   — Ms. Lynch without recusing herself   —    required further Ms. Lynch . " The case will be resolved by the case   that ’s been working on it from the beginning , " she the case   in Aspen . But Ms. Lynch Justice Department spokeswoman , Melanie Newman Ms. Newman Lynch accepted the recommendation of Ms. Lynch , she would be the Ms. Lynch making the Ms. Lynch . " She ’s the head of the department Ms. Lynch " Ms. Newman said , Justice Department with that comes ultimate responsibility for any decision . " The White House declined to comment on Ms. Lynch ’s decision . President Obama Ms. Lynch this matter should be handled without regard the decision the press secretary , Josh Earnest , said . The F. B. I. is investigating whether Mrs. Clinton , her aides or anyone else broke the law by setting up a private email server for her to use as The F. B. I. of state . Internal investigators have concluded that the server was used to send classified The F. B. I. . For the Justice Department , the central question is whether the a private email server for her to use as secretary of state the legal standard for the crime of mishandling classified information . Ms. Lynch , whom Mr. Clinton appointed to be a United States attorney in 1999 , said that the meeting with the former president was unplanned and largely social , and did not touch on the email investigation . " He said hello and we basically said hello , and congratulated him on his grandchildren , as people do , " Mr. Clinton Ms. Lynch , who was traveling with her husband . Mr. Clinton That Mr. Clinton to a conversation about those grandchildren . " Ms. Lynch, whom Mr. Clinton appointed to be a United States attorney in 1999 jet , such airport socializing is common . Last month , he ran into Senator Orrin his grandchildren , Republican of Utah , after speaking at the funeral of Muhammad Ali in Louisville , Ky. The two chatted before their Mr. Clinton took off . He has also greeted Representative Paul D. Ryan , the House speaker , and Arnold Schwarzenegger , the former Republican governor of California , on the tarmac . And Mr. Clinton Mobile , Ala. he chatted with Senator Ted Cruz , the Texas Republican who has called for Mrs. Clinton ’s imprisonment . This meeting , however , created a particularly awkward situation Mr. Clinton Ms. Lynch , a veteran prosecutor who was nominated from outside Washington ’s political circles . During her confirmation , her allies sought to contrast her with her predecessor , Mr. Holder , an outspoken liberal voice who clashed frequently with Republicans who accused him of politicizing the office . her Lynch ’s reassurance that her will her overrule her investigators is significant . When the F. B. I. sought to bring felony charges Mr. Holder David H. Petraeus , the her I. A. director , her mishandling classified information her lying about it , Mr. Holder stepped in and reduced the charge to a misdemeanor . That decision opened a deep   —    and public   —    rift . Two other political appointees will review the findings of the email investigation before a final decision is made : John P. Carlin , the assistant attorney general for national security , and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates . But both have also pledged to follow the recommendations of the career prosecutors and the F. B. I. Ms. Newman said . The F. B. I. is expected to make a recommendation to the Justice Department in the coming weeks , though agents have yet to interview Mrs. Clinton . While some legal experts said they believed that criminal indictments in the case were unlikely , the investigation continues to cast a shadow over Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential campaign . Beyond the     workings of the some legal experts Department , there is precedent for relying on career officials to make politically charged decisions . When the Justice Department was considering whether to recommend sanctions against former Bush the Justice Department approved waterboarding , Mr. Holder relied on his most senior career prosecutor to make the decision . No the Justice Department . For Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential campaign , the incident in Phoenix resurrected questions about how the campaign would rein in Mr. Holder irrepressible husband . With approval ratings among Democrats of over 60 percent , Mr. Clinton is one of his wife ’s most potent surrogates . He has traversed the Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign a breakneck schedule Mrs. Clinton’s campaigning and raising money for Mrs. Clinton , traveling with a    staff Mrs. Clinton’s detail . Mr. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s his chief of staff , Tina Mrs. Clinton’s , are in frequent contact with John D. Podesta , chairman of the Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s and Robby Mook , the campaign manager . He often listens in on campaign Mrs. Clinton’s calls from the family ’s home in Chappaqua , N. Y. But his unpredictable and sociable nature can also cause problems for his wife ’s candidacy . David Axelrod , Mrs. Clinton’s former senior adviser to Mr. Obama , said on Twitter that he took Mr. Clinton and Ms. Lynch Mrs. Clinton’s at their word " that they had not discussed Mrs. Clinton’s investigation , but added that it was " foolish to create such optics . " 
 Mrs. Clinton’s David Axelrod, the former senior adviser to Mr. Obama David Axelrod, the former senior adviser to Mr. Obama the investigation 