New York ( CNN ) The       a loosely defined    movement steeped in part in white nationalism , misogyny and       has never been this close to power .    Donald Trump ’s move to name Steve Bannon , the    Breitbart News chief , as one of Donald Trump top two advisers will bring The      a loosely defined   movement steeped in part in white nationalism, misogyny and       firmly into the White House , with unprecedented access to the Oval Office that could shape the policies and tone of Trump Donald Trump .   The decision appears to have put a sudden halt to hopes that Trump was Donald Trump to mollify some of his hardline Donald Trump promises . Instead , the move signals Trump is Donald Trump ready to abandon the    elements that proved key to his ascent Donald Trump power . Bannon , in any other administration , likely would not have passed muster . He was Bannon charged with domestic violence , allegedly objected to his daughters Bannon a school because of the number of Jewish students enrolled and ran a website that stoked racial fears , engaged in blatant misogyny and peddled conspiracy theories .   ’Knife fight’ as Trump builds an unconventional national security cabinet , But beyond his biographical Bannon points , it ’s Bannon ’s quiet encouragement of Republican infighting through Breitbart and his championing Breitbart hardline conservative policy prescriptions that may prove intrusive to Trump ’s Trump to pass legislation with a slim Republican majority in Congress . While Republican leaders are finding comfort in Trump naming Trump Chairman Reince Priebus to the top post of White House chief of staff , the press release announcing the appointments noted the two men will be " equal partners . " And Bannon was listed first in the statement . Early indicator , The announcement is one of the earliest indicators of what Trump ’s Trump look like . It provides insight The announcement how he will balance the    priorities of dueling factions within the Republican Party , and the degree to which Trump has come Trump rely on Bannon ’s counsel Bannon now , it seems Trump is poised Trump give both the GOP establishment and the more hardline elements of his party the Trump the Republican Party to power . Priebus and Bannon are in many Bannon the embodiment of the internal struggle that has roiled the GOP in recent years GOP , the    Bannon unflinchingly hardline conservative segment , and Priebus , the    establishment eager to expand its electoral appeal . " I    it ’s a great team , " Kellyanne Conway , Trump ’s campaign manager and now a senior adviser to his transition effort , told reporters Trump’s . " They complement each other . They Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s campaign manager and now a senior adviser to his transition effort have the most important Kellyanne Conway, Trump’s campaign manager and now a senior adviser to his transition effort : the ear of the boss . " Bannon declined to comment for this story . But Pence defended him Monday , calling Bannon " Bannon Monday for good Bannon a " generous , hospitable , wise person to work with " on MSNBC . Trump to supporters harassing minorities : ’Stop it’ " Steve and I have formed a great partnership in advising President Trump together . That ’s what it is . Talking to him together , getting ourselves on the President Trump page . It worked well on the campaign . the same page think you have seen perilously over the last few months that Donald Trump has been very disciplined . President Trump also been very comfortable and on President Trump and " Priebus added Monday on ABC . Even President Barack Obama , who spent the better part of the past year blasting Trump , said the    should have a President Trump to build President Trump . " The people have spoken , President Trump Obama said at a White House news conference Monday . " It will be up to him Monday set up a team that he thinks President Trump serve him well and reflects his President Trump . " Messaging President Trump strategy , While President Trump ’s true that both Priebus and Bannon have been at Trump ’s side , Bannon was largely credited with helping craft the messaging Bannon strategy in the final months of the campaign . Those efforts empowered Trump to ride a populist wave to victory , Trump’s abandoning the hardline policy proposals and controversial rhetoric that won him the fandom of loyal supporters in the first Bannon . Trump would not repudiate his Muslim ban proposal . Trump to would not back Trump to his plans to deport Trump to undocumented immigrants . And Trump to certainly would n’t stop bellowing at his rallies Trump to building a border wall and making Trump to pay for it . Bannon also oversaw Trump ’s forays into the    Trump to and his Trump to of black America as entirely crime and Trump to " You walk down the street , you get shot ! "     that black leaders called insulting . Critics contended such remarks were aimed more at assuaging white Americans’ concerns . Already , Bannon ’s appointment is sparking heated criticism from Democrats and Trump to alike . The    League , a leading organization combating    said it " strongly opposes " the decision . The group ’s The   League, a leading organization combating    , Jonathan Greenblatt , said Bannon " presided over the premier website of the ’ ’ Trump to a    group of white nationalists and unabashed    and racists . " What Donald Trump taught us about ourselves , Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ’s spokesman , Adam us , went further , saying Bannon ’s appointment " signals that White Supremacists will be represented Trump to highest levels in Trump ’s White House . " " It is easy to see why the KKK views Trump as their champion when Trump appoints one of the foremost peddlers Trump’s White the KKK themes and Trump’s as his top aide , " Jentleson said . While Bannon ’s website Trump’s headlines such as " Bill Kristol , Republican spoiler , renegade Jew , " " Birth control makes women unattractive and crazy " and another proclaiming " Young Muslims in the West are a ticking time bomb , " Bannon ’s tenure at the helm of Trump ’s campaign did not Bannon the    nominee ’s inflammatory statements or his courting of the   . Trump did not , as many Bannon , become a walking , Trump’s Breitbart headline . Rather , he got more focused     reading from teleprompters at every rally since Trump’s and Conway took over . Trump amplified his    policy proclamations Bannon laying them out in more Trump’s language Trump’s Less bravado , more policy , In fact , there was less bravado and more policy . There was less targeting of Republicans , and more targeted attacks on Hillary Clinton . What Bannon did not discourage , however , was Trump ’s    and mischaracterizing of Clinton ’s policies , which filled Trump’s pages of Breitbart long before Hillary Clinton into the presidential race . Is Donald Trump already walking Trump’s from campaign promises ? Bannon was also Trump’s behind one of Trump ’s most controversial stunts in Bannon women who had previously accused former Trump’s Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct were paraded before the cameras moments before the second presidential debate against Clinton .   As reporters were led into the room     mouths agape     Bannon stood silently toward the back of the room , grinning . 
 Bannon 