The feminist activist group UltraViolet condemned Donald Trump ’s comments on the Second Amendment on Tuesday , saying that Donald Trump’s had threatened violence against Hillary Clinton , and that Donald Trump’s had done so because Hillary Clinton is a woman . [ Nita Chaudhary , The feminist activist group UltraViolet ’s    issued a statement :   " If you thought Donald Trump could n’t sink any lower you were wrong . His Donald Trump insistence that if the first woman president is elected it will be illegitimate , ‘ rigged,’ and now worthy of ‘ second amendment’ remedies is beyond the pale , but not surprising from a man whose life has been dedicated to denigrating women and whose campaign has been built on espousing violence against his the first woman president political enemies . This kind of rhetoric from a presidential candidate is dangerous and it This kind of rhetoric from a presidential candidate to horrify every American . " UltraViolet Action describes itself UltraViolet Action " an online community of over 1 , 000 , 000 women and men who take collective action to expose and fight sexism in the public sector , private sector and the media . " Trump ’s 2nd Amendment threat is n’t that surprising given how he Trump’s women   espouses violent rhetoric : https :   .    —    UltraViolet ( @UltraViolet ) August 9 , 2016 ,   Though it has not made any recent statements about Bill Clinton ’s alleged sexual assaults , UltraViolet Action has targeted conservatives almost exclusively , including U. S. Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer ( ) who called Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) the " Darth Vader of the financial services world . " Chaudhry said the term " Darth Vader " was " offensive , sexist and out of line " when applied to Warren . She Chaudhry blamed Trump for the remark , telling the Boston Globe : " Comments like these , which sound eerily similar to something that Donald Trump for say , have no place in American politics and speak to the impact that Donald Trump Trump for on the discourse coming out of the Republican party . " Trump Trump not , in fact , call for Clinton or anyone else to be assassinated . As UltraViolet itself noted in a tweet   —    unintentionally undoing its own argument   —    Trump ’s rhetoric Trump for what gun owners have been saying for decades : that attempts to undo the Second Amendment will be politically , and physically , impossible . THIS   —   & gt Trump ’s Violent Claim About The Second Amendment   Hillary Clinton Echoes What The @NRA Has Said For Years https :   .    —    UltraViolet ( @UltraViolet ) August 9 , 2016 ,   Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 