After an acclaimed    run , " The Good Wife " comes to an end on Sunday , May 8 . And as the television show ’s creators , the     team of Robert and Michelle King , and its star , Julianna Margulies , gathered at a SoHo hotel for an interview in    just three days after filming the 156th and final episode of the CBS drama , it was clear ’s creators, the    team of Robert and Michelle King, and its star, Julianna Margulies had n’t quite decompressed yet . " Someone said ‘ You must feel great , you wrapped,’ " Ms. Margulies said . " And I said , ‘ I feel like I ’m in a dream.’ I ’m not quite there yet . " [ The cast of " The Good Wife " on favorite moments from the show ] " The Good Wife "   —    initially inspired by the spectacle of      news conferences like those involving Silda Wall Spitzer , married to the disgraced governor of New York   —    traced the professional and personal    of Alicia Florrick ( Ms. Margulies ) the wife of a discredited politician forced to resume Alicia Florrick (Ms. Margulies) the wife of a discredited politician legal career to support Alicia Florrick (Ms. Margulies) the wife of a discredited politician family . With wryly literate writing , complicated characters and timely explorations of issues like abortion , gun rights , gay marriage and government surveillance , the hourlong drama was an outlier among the procedurals and nighttime soap operas of the broadcast networks . And shows of its kind   —    serialized dramas stretching nearly two dozen episodes each season   —    may well be a vanishing breed as actors and writers tire of the grueling    filming schedules , preferring the shorter seasons of prestige cable and limited network series . The Kings’ next TV endeavor is the    " BrainDead " on CBS this summer , a satirical    of    horror and Washington politics . During a nearly    interview , Ms. Margulies and the Kings often finished one another ’s sentences and joked about working together again   —    on a    show about a female Stalin . In these edited excerpts , Ms. Margulies and the Kings chatted about Ms. Margulies and the Kings goals for the finale , the changes in Alicia and the challenges of shooting sex scenes for broadcast television . Earlier this year , there were rumblings that " The Good Wife " might return for an eighth season even though the Kings were leaving . How did the decision to end the show come about ? JULIANNA MARGULIES I felt like I was put between a rock and a hard place . I was getting messages from all over the place that if you want to keep doing the show , CBS will do it the show And in the beginning of the year , Michelle and Robert came to me and said we Michelle and Robert writing the the show if it were the show , because we ’re Michelle and Robert . So suddenly I felt like I was put in this very precarious position . If I say yes , I ’m screwing them over , because they had them vision for the show the show it ’s their the show . them if I say no I say network ’s going CBS angry , and so is the cast and the crew . But then CBS made that decision for me , and I did n’t have to do a thing . David Stapf , who is the head of CBS Studios , called me and he said , ‘ The David Stapf, who is the head of CBS Studios thing that I would want of the show that has been a feather in CBS ’s cap for seven CBS is for the eighth year , without the Kings , to be the one where critics start saying they should have ended when critics Kings did.’ And he the Kings . I David Stapf, who is the head of CBS Studios they were honoring the Kings’ intentions critics ROBERT KING Plus , we were sabotaging things . We kept starting trash fires in we writers’ room . [ Everyone laughs . ] Finales can be tricky endeavors , given how viewers chime in on social media . What was your vision for the ending of " The Good Wife " ? MICHELLE KING The only thing I ’ll say is that the show has always been all about Alicia . So the finale just had to honor the end of Alicia ’s journey . ROBERT KING Alicia of the things we wanted to do is show how much that character had changed . Not just a    change but progressively over seven seasons . That ’s why there are some memories in some of the shows we ’ve done this year . we were the biggest changes for Alicia ? MARGULIES I think her Alicia change was not caring Alicia people thought . Which enabled her to forge ahead . She Alicia worrying about being the Alicia girl , even though deep down inside that ’s who she ’ll always be , inherently Alicia And as Alicia started to become better at Alicia job , she managed to Alicia who she Alicia in her private life Alicia MICHELLE KING Alicia do think she Alicia a different person . MICHELLE KING for the series , it ’s all about what are the consequences of even unfortunate things in your life . Alicia started with something horrible , Alicia she was publicly humiliated . Her Alicia cheated on her with Alicia . But that Alicia what pushed her to have this new and Alicia life . Is bad news always bad news ? I think you ’ll see that question raised all over . How else did the show change during its seven seasons ? MICHELLE KING In Season 1 , it was more    in terms the show    cases versus serialized stories .    then the show became more serialized . And it ’s tricky to do . the show ’s a reason that serialized shows live more on cable and streaming than they do on network . Because shows ’s really hard to top yourself 22 times and not get to melodrama . " Scandal " embraces it , and good for them Scandal They do n’t try to live them reality . But if you try to live in reality , like " The Good Wife " does , that ’s a difficult thing to do . ROBERT KING You could n’t keep throwing the bombs that we could throw in the fifth season when we knew Josh Charles [ who we Will Gardner , Alicia ’s erstwhile boss and love interest ] was leaving and that we could break up Alicia and we , knowing we Alicia going to kill him we the 15th episode . Josh Charles [who played Will Gardner, Alicia’s erstwhile boss and love interest] we could n’t kill someone every we . That ’s why networks like hospital shows . There can be blood on the floor in every episode . For shows that are n’t formulaic procedurals like the " NCIS " clan or a nighttime soap like " Scandal , " does the departure of " The Good Wife " herald an end of an era ? MICHELLE KING If it is an end of an era , and I do n’t know if it is , it ’s because it the actors it is The actors , rightly , do the actors to work that many episodes if there ’s an option . To do 13 or 15 episodes and have a life , and do your best work , I think a lot of stars are now saying that ’s where I ’d like to live , please . ROBERT KING One of the reasons why networks struggle with it is because it ’s hard to maintain a voice it 22 episodes . So maybe it is the last , only because it ’s really insanely hard work . MICHELLE KING It could be that    stories remain on networks , because that ’s what they do really well . And I think they can be a lot of fun they these strictly procedural ,    shows that do n’t live and    on the quality of the acting . Part of it is a puzzle element or a mystery . Julianna , what would it take for you to commit to another network show with 22 episodes a year ? MARGULIES There ’s no amount of money in the world . ROBERT KING Is that true ? Even if you like the part ? MARGULIES Even if I like the part MARGULIES ROBERT KING So you the part do ROBERT KING , but you ’d do cable ? MARGULIES In a heartbeat . I would MARGULIES cable for sure , because it ’s four months . It ’s like doing a movie . If a it would do 11 episodes and then have a    break and then do 11 [ more ] I could do it . Because it ’s not just a commitment of time on it . I ’d come home at the end of a    day , I have a family to tend to , and then I have nine pages of dialogue to learn . So it just never ends . What characters or plot lines saw their arcs changed or dialed back over the course What characters or plot lines the show ? ROBERT KING Christine Baranski ’s character [ Diane Lockhart ] at the very start of the show , was supposed to be kind of the show boss to Alicia . It was playing off of one premise , which is the mentor who comes to sabotage her mentee . If anybody ’s met Christine Baranski , though , you can only go so far with that before you embrace just how wonderful she is . She had this incredibly good funny laugh Christine Baranski we would Christine Baranski in the dailies between the takes . Why are we sending her off in this kind of direction ? we ’s Christine Baranski other people be villains . One we cut we was because he got another job . we was Jason O’Mara [ who played Damian Boyle ] . He was more of a gang lawyer , a little he . What was supposed to happen was that when Will died , he was someone who really stepped up . Then he he a job , on " Complications . " he KING That happened a lot MICHELLE KING n’t it ? If you ’re trying to do a serialized story with actors who are not your regular cast , you have to be a bit nimble . MARGULIES They had a whole idea MARGULIES Oliver Platt , but then he got a series . MICHELLE KING He was a very he MICHELLE KING conservative businessman , and it he allowed us to play with issues with the Diane character being such a liberal . And yet to be able to see them as intellectual equals and be very respectful of one another even when they had different opinions , that was really interesting to explore . them it was a great pity when we could n’t have access to that . ROBERT KING One of us things we wanted to pursue on the show more and more is there us a real    bias the show , which I ’ve heard about . [ Everyone laughs . ] You watch TV , and if there ’s a priest , you know he ’s going to be a child molester . There ’s a predictability a priest It ’s not even trying to be propaganda for the right it ’s just that there should be an honest discussion that shows that It people on the other side of abortion or on the other side of gay marriage , there ’s an intellectual argument there . What was it like having to hew to broadcast network standards and practices ? ROBERT KING There is a problem standards and practices has with thrusting . MARGULIES Did you just say thrusting MARGULIES ROBERT KING The thrusting issue . And we would have to delicately go ROBERT KING of thrusting in    that anybody would have . We ’d even have to morph images because we would n’t get a take we was clean of thrusting . But it we kind of amazing how much CBS let us do . CBS first episode of the second season was about oral sex we What did the departure of Josh Charles allow you to do differently ? ROBERT KING The loss of Josh seemed like it would be catastrophic to us , but I thought it Josh Charles us a The loss of Josh lease on who Alicia we , with the underpinning The loss of Josh mourning we How does a [ series ] show the fact of someone dying , as opposed to a lot of these shows that kill off someone every week ? Is there any merit to the rumblings of a feud between Julianna and Archie Panjabi [ who played the private Julianna Kalinda Sharma ] that they did n’t film their scenes together toward the end of her run on Julianna and Archie Panjabi [who played the private investigator Kalinda Sharma] show ? MARGULIES Julianna and Archie Panjabi [who played the private investigator Kalinda Sharma] ’s Julianna silly gossip MARGULIES and I do the show to go there . If the show were to continue , what are some of the issues that you the show to deal with ? ROBERT KING Trump and populism . How American democracy is veering a little more toward European populism , both on the left and on the right . The right wing is tending to be    and the left is looking toward socialism . MICHELLE KING I was just stumbling over the MICHELLE KING the left certain companies that have manifestoes online about how proud they are for the number of people they fire . And I just thought , oh , that ’s an episode . And yet there they no more to write . And if there were one more plotline for Alicia , what would it be Alicia MARGULIES One of the things I found interesting this year was what Eli [ this year adviser to Peter Florrick ] kept saying , that Alicia ’s the star . Because Alicia does n’t see herself that Alicia , at all Alicia So even though there was this jilted run for state ’s attorney that she got thrown under the bus Alicia , I would love to see how far that could go . Especially in the environment of Hillary [ Clinton ] right now , I think that would be really interesting . 
 