With the Iowa caucuses    Bernie Sanders is enjoying a massive    lead over Hillary Clinton among voters under 30 . Perhaps more stunning is the fact that Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton were tied among these voters less than a month ago . [ According to Reuters tracking poll , Bernie Sanders now leads Hillary Clinton percent among Democrats under 30 . At the beginning of 2016 , the two candidates were tied among millennials , each receiving 47 percent support from young voters .   The wave has come as the Hillary Hillary Clinton has stepped up its outreach the Hillary Clinton campaign young voters and tapped former President Bill Clinton and daughter Chelsea Clinton for more public roles in the campaign the Hillary Clinton campaign the end of last year , strategists close to the Clinton campaign the Hillary Clinton campaign daughter Chelsea Clinton would give Clinton an Hillary Clinton , as they did not live through young voters or even know about , the political scandals that surrounded the Clintons in the 1990s . " Mil len ni als and Gen Xers are ac tu ally some of the most sup port i ve of Hil lary Clin ton , " Demo cratic poll ster Celinda Lake told National Journal last year . " It ’s the best of both worlds : While they do n’t per son both worlds re mem ber the 90s , they have a sense that both worlds was a much bet ter time . " She added , " But they do n’t re mem both worlds the scan dals , they do n’t care about both worlds ica Lew in sky . " Lake ’s comment obviously came before the Lewinsky and other scandals involving Bill Clinton resurfaced in the campaign . In a speech at the end of December , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said that Hillary " got schlonged " by Barack Obama in 2008 . The expression was roundly criticized in the media as being a sexist insult . Hillary Clinton responded by accusing Bill Clinton sexism . Rather than Donald Trump , however , Trump turned the tables and accused GOP frontrunner Donald Trump Clinton of having enabled Bill Bill Clinton affairs and covered up allegations of Mr. Clinton ’s sexual assaults against women Bill Clinton weeks that followed , the media    many of the past allegations against Mr. Clinton , and a number of accusations reappeared Bill Clinton their stories . The millennials may not personally remember the the media   many of the past allegations against Mr. Clinton, and a number of accusations , as Ms. Lake notes , but they were quickly reminded of all the sordid details . the media   many of the past allegations against Mr. Clinton, and a number of accusations of the old allegations look very different in today ’s light the past allegations against Mr. Clinton 20 years ago . In early December , the media   many of the past allegations against Mr. Clinton, and a number of accusations Clinton led Bernie Sanders by seven points among Democrat voters under 30 . The shift to Sanders has been one of the more dramatic moves ever witnessed in Bernie Sanders a short period of time in a national presidential campaign . While the Reuters tracking poll is a national poll , the overall trend could have an impact on the Iowa caucuses Monday . In 2008 , almost a quarter of those voting in the caucuses were under 30 . Barack Obama received 57 percent of the Iowa caucuses , far less than the support Sanders currently enjoys from these those voting in the caucuses . In 2008 , in fact , voters under 30 equaled the number of seniors voting in the caucuses . Hillary Clinton won voters over 65 , but only narrowly the Iowa caucuses won 45 percent of the vote of seniors , but against two major Hillary Clinton . If young voters again make up such a large share of the Democrat caucuses Monday , Hillary Clinton will need overwhelming support from older voters to squeak out a win Hillary Clinton . Of course , many of those older voters she needs now were themselves part of the wave of young voters who lifted Barack Hillary Clinton over her in those older voters . It seems unlikely that Hillary Clinton is more popular today than Hillary Clinton was when those voters rejected her in Hillary Clinton 
 Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 