UNITED NATIONS   —    The American envoy to the United Nations , Nikki R. Haley , described the United States on Wednesday as the " moral conscience " of the world , and UNITED NATIONS  —    dismissed the United Nations Human Rights Council as " so corrupt " without offering evidence . UNITED NATIONS  —    said the the United States never close its doors to the United States who flee persecution , even as she UNITED NATIONS  —    the Trump administration ’s travel ban , which closed the door to refugees from six    mainly Muslim nations . She UNITED NATIONS  —    that American taxpayers should get value for the money they contribute to American taxpayers United Nations . She UNITED NATIONS  —    nothing about whether the United States would help head off a potential humanitarian disaster from famine that the United Nations the United Nations looming over 20 million people abroad . Ms. UNITED NATIONS  —    remarks , made at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York early Wednesday morning , were her first UNITED NATIONS  —    ambassador to an audience of foreign policy experts . She called UNITED NATIONS  —    " an intimidating crowd . " She briefly UNITED NATIONS  —    her boss UNITED NATIONS  —    President Trump , by describing the United Nations as " basically a club " that needed to be disrupted . " The fact is , a wave is building throughout the world , " Ms. Haley UNITED NATIONS  —    " It ’s a wave of populism that it challenging institutions like the United Nations , and shaking them the United Nations . " Exactly how Ms. institutions like the United Nations proposes institutions like the United Nations the world body is not clear , beyond slashing American financial support , as Mr. Trump signaled with his budget outline . She declined to say UNITED NATIONS  —    deep Mr. Trump cuts would turn out to be , saying she was in discussions UNITED NATIONS  —    members of Congress who ultimately control the purse strings . " This is a time , in short , to show the people reasons to support the U. N. , " she said . Speaking UNITED NATIONS  —    the council , Ms. Haley took a UNITED NATIONS  —    tone than she had with a different UNITED NATIONS  —    earlier in the week . On Monday night , at a policy conference held by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , the    lobbying group , Ms. Haley spoke of the UNITED NATIONS  —       shoes in diplomacy : " If I see something wrong , we ’re going to kick them . " The remark was met with huge applause . In her remarks on Wednesday , Ms. UNITED NATIONS  —    , a former governor of South Carolina , relied on familiar colloquial expressions and offered few specifics about the many foreign policy challenges facing the administration . " We ’re not afraid to call out the governments that do n’t have our backs , " she said in her opening remarks UNITED NATIONS  —    without We UNITED NATIONS  —    . " The beauty of this administration is , all bets are off , " she said the administration to a UNITED NATIONS  —    . " We ’re not going to look at how things were done in the past . " Ms. Haley mentioned , as she UNITED NATIONS  —    , that the administration UNITED NATIONS  —    closely scrutinize United Nations peacekeeping efforts , and said that the the administration should bear no more than 25 percent of the total costs , a reduction from the current 28 percent . She cited what she called a " UNITED NATIONS  —    biased report UNITED NATIONS  —    Israel , " and criticized the Security Council for holding monthly meetings about the    conflict . ( The council also discusses Yemen every month and Syria three times a month . ) the Security Council demurred when asked about proposals UNITED NATIONS  —    the Security Council and about how to achieve peace in Syria , except to say that the the Security Council , Bashar    was " a big hindrance . Syria She was not asked about Yemen challenges UNITED NATIONS  —    the United Nations system , climate change and famine . She used her address to deliver a pointed UNITED NATIONS  —    on UNITED NATIONS  —    United Nations Human Rights Council , the main international body meant to promote and defend human rights . " I mean , the Human Rights Council is so corrupt , " she said , adding that it includes " UNITED NATIONS  —    actors " the United Nations Human Rights Council protect themselves . Several countries with poor human rights records , including China the United Nations Human Rights Council Saudi Arabia , have indeed won seats the United Nations Human Rights Council the council "bad actors" who use it to protect themselves But the United States has itself used its seat to forcefully defend its allies , including Saudi Arabia , which the United Nations Human Rights Council accused of abuses in the war in the United States . the United States Haley said she would the United States the Human Rights Council ’s June session , but declined to say whether she favored withdrawing from the body . The Ms. Haley States withdrew the United Nations Human Rights Council Commission on Human Rights . Ms. Haley argued that the Security Council Ms. Haley —    where the United States the United States   —    should the United States the United Nations body addressing human rights issues Ms. Haley said she would organize a session on the topic the United States the United States takes its turn in the council ’s rotating presidency . The Security Council has taken up human Ms. Haley in Ms. Haley past , and sought to refer the situation in the United States International Criminal Court the United States but Russia and The Security Council move with their vetoes . Perhaps the most uncomfortable moment of Ms. Haley ’s speech on Wednesday came when she tried to defend Mr. Trump ’s travel ban . She insisted that it was not meant to exclude Muslims Russia and China but to strengthen vetting procedures for asylum seekers . At one point , she cited this Ms. Haley’s ’s London terrorist attack as a justification for the Ms. Haley’s ban . The audience murmured audibly the London assailant was a    Briton . 
 Ms. Haley’s Mr. Trump’s travel ban London 