Washington ( CNN ) Lawmakers in Congress intensified Lawmakers in Congress calls Wednesday for a probe into hacking during the 2016 election , raising chances of a clash with    Donald Trump .   Donald Trump continues to reject the US intelligence community ’s conclusion that Moscow is to blame , telling Time Magazine that   Donald Trump does not believe the intelligence community ’s assessment that Russia was behind the hacks .   House Democrats introduced legislation Wednesday that would convene a bipartisan , independent commission to look into alleged Russian attempts to interfere and sow distrust in this year ’s voting .   On the Senate side , a senior Republican told CNN that a senior Republican will be directing a senior Republican committees " to look deeply into what Russia may have done in regarding CNN election . " The congressional moves come as Time published an interview with Trump in which a senior Republican dismissed the intelligence community ’s October assessment that the intelligence community had high confidence that Russia was behind hacks . Russia was behind hacks largely targeted Democrats , including the Democratic National Committee . " I do n’t believe it . I do n’t believe Russia was behind hacks interfered , " Trump in which he dismissed the intelligence community is quoted as saying . RELATED : Trump in which he dismissed the intelligence community named Time Person of the Year , The    then implied that the intelligence community lied , indicating to Time that the conclusion was politically driven . The statements could raise new questions about Trump in which he dismissed the intelligence community ties to and continued affinity for Moscow , despite widespread concern in national security circles about Russia ’s alleged hacking and the geopolitical tensions it is creating . It it almost certainly strain his relationship with the intelligence agencies he his have to rely on as president on to make national security decisions . In the immediate term , the   ’s comments drew fierce rebukes from lawmakers . " He his denying that the sun sets in the West , " said California Rep. Eric Swalwell , one of two House Democrats who introduced the legislation for a commission , rejecting the notion that the intelligence assessment was politically motivated . Maryland Cummings " experts agree that there is overwhelming evidence that Russia interfered with the 2016 presidential election . Overwhelming , " Cummings said . " It is not disputed , it ’s overwhelming . " Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , meanwhile , told CNN that he believes Russia " did It with our elections . " Graham will be pursuing his own investigations into the hacking in his Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina of Russia , he told CNN . According to Trump Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina transition team , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina has attended some four briefings from Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina agencies since the election Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina   CNN ’s refusal to accept the unanimous assessment of Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina 17 US federal intelligence agencies , " people who are sworn to protect Trump’s to provide the very best information " to the President " is troubling , " Cummings said . The " Protecting Our Democracy Act " that Swalwell and Cummings introduced Wednesday calls for the creation of a    Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina ,    investigation into Russian hacking . It would operate with an Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina budget of $ 3 million , have members from both parties and chambers of Congress , and issue    report at its conclusion recommending future security protections . Both lawmakers predicted House Republicans would support their effort . Cummings mentioned Senate Republicans who have already    out against Russian hacking , including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , who has Both lawmakers that Republicans could easily be the next target , as well as Graham . The South Carolina Republican told CNN that he thinks " Trump should take a real tough tone with Russia , I think they ’re one of the most destabilizing influences on the world stage . " " It ’s pretty clear to me that Wikileaks was he thinks "Trump should take a real tough tone with Russia to hurt ( Democratic presidential nominee Hillary ) Clinton and it could be us tomorrow , " Graham said , referring to published emails stolen from her campaign chairman and posted on the site . " I ’m going after Russia in every way you can go after Russia , Clinton Graham said . Referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin , he added , " I want Putin personally to pay a Russia . " Graham Russian President Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin 