’LONDON   —    Donald Trump has said ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump is unlikely to have a good relationship with David Cameron because the British prime minister cast the US presidential candidate as " divisive , stupid , and wrong " for proposing a temporary ban on Muslims entering the US.’ " After ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump call for an entry ban on Muslims , Cameron David Cameron Trump ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump the British Parliament and suggested that Trump , who is now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , would unite Britain against him David Cameron he David Cameron . " ’"It looks like we’’re not going to have a very good relationship , who knows , " Trump ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump Britain’ ’s ITV television station in an interview that aired Monday when asked how ties would be if he David Cameron power in the November 8 presidential election.’ ’"I hope to have a good relationship with him ’"I but it sounds like he’ ’s not willing to address the problem either , " Trump ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump , though earlier in the interview he ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump he ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump care about the Cameron comments.’ ’The US is Britain’ ’s closest ally , and political leaders from both nations often speak of how the countries ’’ enjoy a special relationship . Cameron earlier this month refused to retract his Cameron divisive , stupid , and wrong " comment but said Trump ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump respect for making it ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump the grueling Republican primary process.’ ’"We have a tremendous problem with radical Islamic terror , " Trump ’LONDON  —   Donald Trump ITV when asked about the proposed ban on Muslims . " The world is blowing up , and it’ ’s not people from Sweden that’ ’s doing the damage , OK . So we have a real problem . " ’ " Trump , who had initially wished newly elected Mayor Sadiq Khan of London well , said he newly elected Mayor Sadiq Khan of London offended by Khan Sadiq Khan that he was Sadiq Khan about Islam . " ’"He doesn’’t know me , never met me , doesn’’t know what I am all about , " Trump said . " I think they are very rude statements . Frankly , tell him I Trump remember those statements very rude statements are very very rude statements statements . It is ignorant for him to Trump that . " ’ " After Khan ’s Sadiq Khan Trump had told Trump New York Times that he could make Trump exception for Khan , who is a Muslim , to visit the US . " ’When asked about Britain’ ’s membership of the European Union , Trump said : Trump I’’ve dealt with the European Union , the European Union , very bureaucratic , it’ ’s very , very difficult it’ In terms of Britain I would say , ’’ What do you need it for ? ’’ But again , let people make up their own mind . " ’ people   —    Donald Trump has Trump is . .. Trump 
 