Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) addressed thousands of ecstatic supporters at the Fresno Fairgrounds on Sunday evening , with an overflow crowd spilling outside the    Paul Paul Theater . Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) message : Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) expects to win the California primary . [ " We ’ve now won the primaries and caucuses in 20 states , " Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said . Based on the turnouts that I have seen this week all over California , we ’re gon na win California , and win it California ! " Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) told the crowd .   Breitbart News has predicted that Sanders , who has caught Hillary Clinton in recent polls , will likely win more pledged delegates on June 7 , primarily by running up margins of victory in    urban congressional districts . However , if Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) continues Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) statewide surge , and wins rural districts , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) could indeed win by a large margin   —    though Clinton Hillary Clinton lead in " superdelegates "   —    party officials with independent voting powers   —    will still provide her Hillary Clinton more delegates from the state . Sanders signs   —    Fresno edition pic . twitter .    —    Dan Gallo ( @dangallo ) May 30 , 2016 ,   Sanders Sanders through many of his Sanders talking points , from the injustice of economic inequality to the urgency of campaign finance reform . He Sanders backed the right of farm workers to organize ( a hot topic in the Central Valley , where workers are in fact struggling for the right not to organize ) . He Sanders mocked Republican Donald Trump ’s recent statement that " There is no drought " in California . Sanders Sanders that " we do n’t fully appreciate the genius of Donald Republican Donald Trump’s " Earlier in the day , Sanders Sanders a rally in the rural town of Visalia , a Central Valley town that Bill Clinton also visited earlier in the month as the two campaigns battle for votes among the region ’s Latino workers and liberal stalwarts . Sanders Sanders made a stop in Delano , the historic home of the United Farm Workers ( UFW ) and the site of an historic hunger strike by Cesar Chavez . Though the UFW the United Farm Workers (UFW) Clinton , many of its members are the United Farm Workers (UFW) to show support for Sanders Sanders Photo : File , Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Joel B. Pollak Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 