For months , Gov. Chris Christie had said that New Jersey ’s transportation funding was not in a crisis , even as the state inched closer toward exhausting the state principal fund for roads , bridges and mass transit . But after Gov. Chris Christie embraced plans this week to raise the state ’s gas tax , and the    State Senate balked at the proposed    Mr. Christie quickly changed his Gov. Chris Christie . Shortly after 11 p. m. on Thursday , Mr. Gov. Chris Christie a state of emergency and moved to shut down most road work . Allowing the transportation fund to go broke would be " disastrous " and jeopardize people ’s safety , Mr. Christie Gov. Chris Christie an executive order . By raising the prospect of potholes going unfixed and construction workers being laid off , Mr. Christie ratcheted Gov. Chris Christie pressure on state lawmakers to reach an agreement . But his sudden turnabout stunned Gov. Chris Christie and interest groups in the state . The governor directed the Gov. Chris Christie commissioner and the executive director of New Jersey Transit to submit plans by Saturday night for an " immediate and orderly shutdown " of most work funded by the state transportation trust fund . Any work that is federally funded or necessary for safety reasons could continue , Mr. Christie said . Mr. Gov. Chris Christie a Republican , had reached a deal with the    State Assembly earlier in the week to raise the state ’s gas tax in exchange for lowering the sales tax . But on Thursday , Democratic leaders in the State Senate said they could not support the agreement Democratic leaders in the State Senate it would harm the state budget the agreement State transportation officials said that    orders were unlikely to go into effect quickly enough to affect the Fourth of July weekend and that such work was rarely scheduled for holiday weekends . Still , concerns over snarled traffic could cause some people to think twice about using the roads , said Brigid Callahan Harrison , a professor of political science and law at Montclair State University who had been closely watching the debate over transportation funding . " Even if the average New Jerseyan does n’t see this over the weekend , there is an element of uncertainty that is damaging to the state , " she said . The surprise order came as Mr. Christie was being vetted as a possible running mate for Donald J. Trump , the presumptive Republican nominee for president . Mr. Christie had agreed to support Mr. Christie increase in exchange for lowering the state sales tax to 6 percent from 7 percent by 2018 . Lowering the sales tax would cut revenue by the state sales tax . 7 billion each year after it is fully implemented , while the changes to the gas tax would increase revenue by about $ the state sales tax billion each year , according to the state ’s Office of Legislative Services . On Thursday night , Mr. Christie rebuked Senate leaders for failing to approve the legislation . The transportation trust fund is expected to run out of money by August , the executive order said . State Senate leaders favor an earlier plan supported by some lawmakers in both houses to raise the gas tax and phase out the estate tax . Under both proposals , the gas tax would rise by about 23 an earlier plan supported by some lawmakers in both houses to raise the gas tax and phase out the estate tax gallon . the estate tax decision could intensify political pressure on the Senate president , Stephen M. Sweeney , a Democrat who has close ties Sweeney will be putting pressure on Sweeney to compromise in some way , " Professor Harrison said . On Friday , Mr. Sweeney said in a statement that he was disappointed by the governor ’s decision and that it would lead to layoffs . It was unclear when lawmakers might return to Trenton to address transportation funding Vincent Sweeney the Assembly speaker , said negotiations Sweeney resume during the second week of July . Mr. the governor’s decision is expected to attend the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , which starts on July 18 . For years , lawmakers and transit advocates have raised alarm about the need for a new source of funding for the state ’s roads , bridges and transit system . But Mr. Christie , who ended his presidential campaign this year , was reluctant to raise taxes and said the funding was not in crisis . New Jersey ’s gas tax is the second lowest in the country , at 14 . 5 cents per gallon . Both proposals would raise it to about 37 . 5 funding for the state’s roads, bridges and transit system gallon , still less than New York State ’s gas tax . On Friday , Mr. Prieto said the Assembly was willing to compromise with the Senate on the legislation . " We all know we need a transportation funding plan the governor will sign and we need it as soon as possible , " Mr. Prieto , a Democrat , said in a statement . " This is too important for jobs   —    especially in our construction industry   —    and we economy a transportation funding plan the governor will sign allow this to continue . " 
 our 