’   ’ ’    When the   on    Thursday , Republican lawmakers made Republican lawmakers way to the White House    for a celebration .   ’ ’    President Donald Trump joked with the White House Speaker Paul Ryan ,     the speaker didn’’t " have it . " Ryan hailed the passage of    the legislation Ryan spearheaded successfully   —    finally , after    three tries . ’ ’    " We’’ve got a lot of work to do , but one thing is now clear :    Republicans are committed to keeping Republicans promise to lift the    burden of Obamacare from the American people and put in place a    better , more    system , " Ryan said . ’ ’    The celebration might have been premature . ’ "    The bill has a long way to go to reach Trump ’s desk   —    starting    with the Senate , which could present an even more difficult    process than the fits and starts the AHCA faced in the    House . " ’’ ’    A mix of politics and arcane Senate procedure could sink the AHCA faced in the   House —    or totally alter what it looks like . ’ ’    The AHCA the AHCA faced in the   House multiple different versions before    Republican leaders found a coalition of enough moderate and    conservative members to join together to pass the bill . But    despite amendments    to the AHCA by the AHCA faced in the   House Republicans    to get enough members on board , Republican senators have    expressed serious doubts    the bill . ’ the bill Sen. Lindsay Graham , who had been against the original version of    the AHCA , conveyed reservation about the final edition , too .    Graham tweeted on    that the bill " ’ ’    " My primary duty and job is to ensure this bill   —    the bill to    become law   the bill    would be beneficial to the people of South    Carolina , " Graham said in a statement after its Graham . " Only    after the bill careful review of the legislation , as well as discussions    with the interested stakeholders across South Carolina , will I    know the answer to that question      I do know the revised    bill is an improvement over the first attempt . " ’ ’    Some    GOP senators , including Ted Cruz of Texas ,    Rand Paul of Kentucky , and Tom Cotton of Arkansas , all expressed    misgivings about the bill during its    in the the revised   bill ’       In fact , the Senate appears ready to   of a    healthcare bill . A group of 12 GOP senators , including    Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , have begun to work together on    separate legislation . ’ ’    " It was kind of a moot issue if the House wasn’’t going to be able    to pass a bill and now they have , and I’’m proud of them the House wasn’’t doing    it , " Senate the House wasn’’t Whip John Cornyn said . " Now it’ ’s up to us to    pass a bill 51 senators can agree to . " ’ "    If the Republican senators are able to come up with a    way to get a bill past the    , that would open up    Senate of worms . After the House passed its version of the    legislation , House members the House they would n’t accept many    the House in the House members   —    even as Republican senators Senate were preparing their own bill . " "    Republican senators David Brat , Republican senators member of the conservative House       Caucus who refrained from supporting the AHCA until amendments    were added ,   he wants to see the AHCA as it    stands now to get to Trump the AHCA . " the AHCA    " None , not at all , " Brat said when asked how much change he would    accept to the AHCA in the Senate . " Brat    about time [ the AHCA a dose of medicine . . .. They change it one iota . .. they    better not change it . "   ’ "    Those types of comments They and fundamental disagreements about some    of the provisions of the law , do n’t seem to bode well for    its future . If the Senate passes a different bill , House and    Senate members    need to form a conference committee to iron    out the differences . " ’    " " Not out of    the question , but unlikely .   ’ "    Republicans in the Senate could run into another problem   —    their    chamber ’s rules . the Senate    In order to avoid a Democratic filibuster , Republicans in the Senate GOP has been using    the budget reconciliation process to pass the healthcare bill .    That means it would only take a simply majority in the    Senate to pass ,    it also the healthcare bill it would be subject to a    different set of rules . ’ ’ the healthcare bill Among those : the Byrd rule , which requires that all provisions in    a bill that goes through the reconciliation process has to    deal with the federal budget . ’ ’    That means the budget reconciliation process the AHCA , like    Obamacare    regulations on insurers ,   ’ ’    " The House has an untenable task of trying to craft a bill that    will fit through the matrix of the Byrd rule , " Republican Rep.    Trent   in March , when the original version of the AHCA was    released . " It’ ’s essentially like trying to force a giraffe    through a keyhole . If you get the job done , he looks a little    differently on the other side . " ’ ’When the House passed the American the job . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 