During Wednesday ’s GOP town hall on Fox News , moderator Megyn Kelly asked Ohio Governor John Kasich if Ohio Governor John Kasich is " stealing " voters from other candidates .     Rubio allies in the Republican establishment have been pressuring Ohio Governor John Kasich to drop out of the race so Rubio can have Rubio clear shot at defeating Donald Trump . And Kelly amplified their efforts when Rubio allies in the Republican establishment said that Kelly a lot of Republicans " are concerned that he is stealing votes . " I ’m not trying to give you hard time about your candidacy , I ’m just raising ’m concerns that a lot of Republicans have because they see you a lot of Republicans even though they like you a lot of Republicans …      [ they think ] a lot of Republicans are stealing votes from candidates who could actually win , " she said . Kasich said he was n’t Kasich who those Republicans were and insisted his campaign is Kasich holding our own . those Republicans On the campaign trail , Kasich has said Kasich he does the Kasich against Hillary Clinton in national polls and gives    Republicans the best chance to beat Trump . Politico reported this week that " the Republican establishment has a message for John Kasich : Kasich , and get out of Marco Rubio ’s way . A string of elected officials , GOP insiders and prominent donors officially threw their support behind Rubio A string of elected officials, GOP insiders and prominent donors Monday , Marco Rubio’s him their last chance Marco Rubio’s A string of elected officials, GOP insiders and prominent donors down Donald Trump . " Former Governor Tim Pawlenty , who endorsed Rubio this week , Marco Rubio’s the outlet that he believed " if Former Governor Tim Pawlenty, who endorsed Rubio this week some point John were to decide not to go forward with his campaign , Marco John be the Marco Rubio’s beneficiary of that decision . " It ’s not for me or anyone else to say when John should stay in John get out but   …      John ’s decision to John or get out could have a marked impact on the race , " he added . Kasich ’s John fired back this week after numerous polls from Florida showed Rubio trailing Trump in Rubio ’s home state . Rubio Schrimpf , Kasich ’s communications director , Kasich’s Rubio " needs to the right Rubio " and " suspend his campaign " because Kasich is Kasich’s only candidate Kasich can beat Trump on March 15 .  
 Trump in 