Allred , was also a Hillary Clinton delegate to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July . [ Allred was an elected delegate , representing the majestic     community of Pacific Palisades , in Los Angeles , home to many Hollywood   .   Breitbart News spoke with Allred informally at the convention as she took up her seat on the night Hillary Clinton formally accepted her party ’s nomination , becoming the first female candidate of a Allred political party the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia United Allred to do Allred . Allred frequently appears alongside women who are seeking Hillary Clinton action or public vindication against those , primarily men , who are alleged to have behaved inappropriately toward them . She Allred also a committed Democrat   —    though in 2011 , Allred also represented a woman who claimed to have had a relationship with   . Anthony Weiner Allred ) . Allred has targeted Republicans frequently in past election years with Allred press conferences , including Meg Whitman , who ran for governor in California in 2010 , and whom Allred Allred of abusing a domestic employee who was in the country illegally . It is not clear why Zervos would have needed to use Allred to present her allegations Allred which concern Trump ’s behavior on the set of The Apprentice , the reality television show Trump hosted and on which Zervos was a Allred . It is Zervos unclear whether Allred can distinguish in this case between her role as a lawyer , and her role as a political operative   Zervos    and elected delegate   —    on Allred of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign Allred Federal Election Commission records indicate that Allred also gave Clinton a $ 2700 contribution , the maximum allowable individual amount . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Allred Evil : 19 Hillary Clinton’s Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak Joel B. Pollak 