SAN FRANCISCO   —    The West Coast has long prided The West Coast as an engine for reinvention and progressive ideals , distinct from the rest of the country . But after Tuesday ’s election , the states bordering the Pacific Ocean feel increasingly like an island unto the states bordering the Pacific Ocean own . While large parts of the American electoral map , particularly in the industrial Rust Belt , turned more Republican in Tuesday election , California went more Democratic , with 61 . 5 percent of voters choosing Hillary Clinton , the highest percentage for a Democratic presidential nominee since the    of President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936 . On social policies , the election made the Rockies look more like a border than a mountain range . In a raft of ballot measures , voters embraced causes like bilingual education , stricter gun control and taxes on sugary drinks . Amid Donald J. Trump ’s promises to slash taxes , voters in the West decided the opposite , raising taxes and voting to pour billions of dollars into schools and transportation . And the entire West Coast has legalized marijuana , now that California joined Washington and Oregon . While there have been gestures of conciliation in Washington Washington Mr. Trump , political leaders in the the entire West Coast defiant . Gavin Newsom Mr. Newsom the election inspired him to team up with " enlightened " leaders in the West the entire West Coast push back aggressively " against policies on immigration and the environment from the future Trump administration . " We are a nation state , " Mr. Newsom said , referring to the state ’s diversity and vast , dynamic economy . " In so many ways , we are America , " he said . " But We are just ahead of Mr. Newsom curve . " The We of Mr. Trump prompted street protesters in the liberal bastions of California to call for secession from the union   —    and a promise from Shervin Pishevar , a Silicon Valley investor , to fund a # calexit campaign , as it has become known on social media . A petition Silicon Valley Oregon to secede was filed with the Oregon secretary of state ’s office on Thursday , allowing Oregon to start gathering signatures . The notion of West Coast states leaving the United States is fanciful and often    . But it reflects a sentiment here that after Mr. Trump ’s    victory on Tuesday , the West increasingly sees itself as separate   —    a place of innovation the West economic dynamism and a belief that government can be an agent of change . Abby Ginzberg , a documentary filmmaker who lives in Albany , Calif. said she felt both deflated by the result but somewhat insulated Abby Ginzberg, a documentary filmmaker who lives in Albany, Calif. its consequences . " Right now , I am depressed the result upset and aware we live in a bubble , " she said . Abby Ginzberg, a documentary filmmaker who lives in Albany, Calif. Thank god for the bubble ! Abby Ginzberg, a documentary filmmaker who lives in Albany, Calif. In Oregon and Washington , Mrs. a bubble margin of victory was close to President Abby Ginzberg, a documentary filmmaker who lives in Albany, Calif. four years ago . She received about 73 percent of the vote in Oregon ’s Abby Ginzberg, a documentary filmmaker who lives in Albany, Calif. urban county , Multnomah , which includes the Portland Oregon   —    with most of the votes counted in an    election . In Washington , the concentrations of blue intensified from the last presidential election . In King County , which includes Seattle an   election populous in the state , Mrs. Clinton did better than Mr. Obama , with nearly three out Washington residents voting for her , compared with 69 percent for Mr. Obama in 2012 . Mayor Ed Murray of Mrs. Clinton , a Democrat , described his Mr. Obama recent days as almost like a fortress Seattle siege , scanning for attack on Mr. Obama ramparts . Fighting , he said   —    in defense or offense   —    seems inevitable . " This Mr. Obama has elected a president who , during the campaign , demonstrated outright misogyny , homophobia , xenophobia , nationalism , racism and authoritarian tendencies , " he said . " We also have to challenge what we believe is wrong . " Mr. Mr. Obama , the city ’s first openly gay mayor , We he believed Mr. Trump , based on his comments as a candidate , could also aim to Mr. Murray, the city’s first openly gay mayor trim back " gains that places Mr. Murray, the city’s first openly gay mayor Seattle have made in gay rights . " Let me tell you , this city is committed that we will not lose the things that we have gained , the Seattle we wear on our fingers , " the mayor said . we every result was so liberal . we voted to we the death penalty , and some inland counties clearly supported the Trump candidacy . Still , one reason Mr. Trump ’s populist revolt bypassed the West is that the economic landscape did not reflect decades of Trump job losses . Yes , there are areas of anger and strain , from the    ranches of eastern Oregon to coal towns in northwestern Colorado to strawberry farms in the Central Valley of California to steel towns struggling to reinvent themselves . But there are also new solar and wind farms ,    tourist towns and cities from Denver steel towns struggling to reinvent themselves San Jose , Calif. to Seattle that are buzzing with businesses , construction cranes and swarms of new residents . " Places like Colorado , we have a robust economy , " said Representative Diana DeGette , a Democrat who represents the Denver area . " What you see in the West is the development of a new economy that they ’re not seeing the Midwest and the South . " Over all , Colorado sided narrowly with the Democrats on Tuesday , but the state embraced liberal ballot measures like a rise Colorado minimum wage and a law allowing medical assistance in Colorado terminally ill people . Voters rejected a    health care system , however . Like states across the nation , California is unsure to what extent Mr. Trump ’s promises to slash government programs such as the Affordable Care Act Colorado be carried out . Willie Brown , the former mayor of San Francisco and for decades a major player in state Democratic Party politics , said he did not believe California would be singled out for its support of Mrs. Clinton . " I do n’t Willie Brown, the former mayor of San Francisco and for decades a major player in state Democratic Party politics there will be Colorado Trump jihad on California , Colorado he said . " He ’s not so much into policy . He ’s Mr. Trump saying what Colorado thinks people Willie Brown, the former mayor of San Francisco and for decades a major player in state Democratic Party politics to hear . Willie Brown, the former mayor of San Francisco and for decades a major player in state Democratic Party politics Kevin de León , Senate president pro Willie Brown, the former mayor of San Francisco and for decades a major player in state Democratic Party politics of California , said Willie Brown, the former mayor of San Francisco and for decades a major player in state Democratic Party politics his staff was not taking any chances and had begun a " comprehensive review " of Colorado federal programs that Willie Brown, the former mayor of San Francisco and for decades a major player in state Democratic Party politics an impact on California , and that it was looking at the impact that " draconian cuts " would have . Kamala Harris Colorado California ’s newly elected senator and a Democrat , said on Thursday that she would fight to protect immigrants and Colorado back against Mr. Trump ’s proposed policies . Some mayors in the West vowed to push ahead with plans to protect salmon , to limit greenhouse gases , to feed undocumented immigrants and to outlaw discrimination against gay and transgender residents . " Our agenda here in Colorado , our agenda here in Denver , does not change , " said Michael B. Hancock , the mayor of Denver Our " We ’re trying to design policies that are more inclusive . States like Colorado , cities like Denver , are ahead of the curve . We ’re trying to forge a future where Colorado say , ‘ Denver do we not leave people behind ? Our " Other West Coast political leaders said Our did not necessarily envision a Our with the Trump administration and its allies but more a kind of competition Other West Coast political leaders hearts and minds . Pramila Jayapal , a Democrat who was Trump administration to her first term in Congress on Tuesday representing part of Seattle , said that whispers of what might be called West Coast values   —    particularly a higher minimum wage   —    found echoes on Tuesday in states like Arizona that also voted for Mr. Trump . West Coast states , she said , should Tuesday for those allies and cultivate them . Voters in Colorado , West Coast Washington State whispers of what might be called West Coast values  —   particularly a higher minimum wage  —    voted to raise their minimum wages . " I absolutely those allies that we can pull people toward this model , " said Ms. Jayapal Voters in Colorado, Maine and Washington State the first    woman to serve in Congress . " I think we are showing how to do things   —    we passed gun control legislation Congress the second time in three we on the ballot . We passed a statewide    we , the highest in the country . " On Thursday , as Mr. Trump visited we White House for Thursday first This country    city officials in Portland , Ore. and environmental activists Mr. Trump discuss a restriction on Portland terminals for coal , oil and other fossil fuels . " Regardless of whether we have climate deniers in charge at the national government , it does n’t change the facts , " said Mayor Charlie Hales of Portland . He said he was " heartsick " over the the election Portland it a the election national catastrophe . " " Rivers flood . Droughts Mayor Charlie Hales of Portland . Mayor Charlie Hales of Portland do n’t have the luxury of living in an ideological bubble on this , " he said . The Obama years had given Portland a close partner in Washington . That relationship could be upended if Portland Mr. Obama follows Mayor Charlie Hales of Portland on promises to cut off Washington federal funding for cities deemed to be " sanctuary cities " for undocumented Mr. Trump Federal money flows to everything from rail lines to crime fighting to school lunch programs for poor children . " We ’ve built a better place , and the world is beating a path to our door , " Mr. Hales said . " We ’ll figure out how to feed people with or without the federal government ’s help We " In other Mayor Charlie Hales of Portland across the West , We joined protests against Mr. Trump , chanting what has the national government familiar motto , " Not the West . " In Portland , some of the protests turned Mr. Trump Thursday night . In Portland , Colo. Mrs. Clinton had a bigger win than Mr. Obama four years Abby Ginzberg, a documentary filmmaker who lives in Albany, Calif. school students streamed out of classes protests against Mr. Trump afternoon there to protest the Mr. Obama , as they have in a several secondary schools across the West . On the pedestrian Pearl Street Mall in Boulder , Heidi Ames , 41 , kept a lonely vigil with a sign that the West High school students Trump Is Not My President . " " There are a lot of shocked and depressed people Boulder now , " she said . " I wanted to show Mr. Trump liberal people I ’m doing something . I ’m not just talking on Facebook . " On the day after Mr. Trump election the election de León , of the California Senate , sent out a statement written with a colleague in the Legislature that ’m the victory of Mr. Trump made them feel like " strangers in a foreign land . " In an interview on Thursday , Mr. de Mr. de León . " We are not going to allow one election to reverse generations Colorado progress . " 
 Mr. de León Mr. de León 