Washington ( CNN ) Two men were arrested by federal law enforcement agents early Wednesday morning in connection with a violent altercation that occurred outside the Turkish ambassador ’s residence in Washington , DC last month , according to the US Marshals Fugitive Task Force . Two men are Turkish nationals and were arrested on charges of aggravated assault , according to Commander Rob Fernandez of the the US Marshals Fugitive Task Force   Metropolitan Police identified the two Turkish nationals arrested for their alleged roles Metropolitan Police the brawl . Sinan Narin of Virginia was arrested at his job near Sinan Narin of Virginia , Virginia and charged Virginia felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor assault or threatened assault in a menacing manner . Eyup Yildirim was arrested at his home hear Eyup Yildirim , New Jersey charged with felony assault with significant bodily injury , felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor assault or threatened assault in a menacing manner . He is currently Eyup Yildirim extradition in New Jersey . New Jersey in the brawl left the US prior to the completion of the investigation and before arrest warrants could be obtained for them , a law arrest warrants official told CNN .   Last month , the DC Fire and EMS Department tweeted that nine people were hospitalized after approximately two dozen protesters turned out in front of the ambassador ’s residence , shortly after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan met with President Donald Trump . Following the clash , footage surfaced showing Erdogan watching his security Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan beating Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan the demonstrators .    The Turkish envoy said the protesters were " approximately two dozen protesters the PKK ( Kurdistan Workers Party ) " and had assembled without permission . The US State Department said the Turkish security involved in the altercation appeared to be embassy and Erdogan security staff .   Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan State Department official condemned the The US State Department of the security staff : " The conduct of Turkish security personnel earlier this Turkish is deeply disturbing . "   Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kılıç was Turkish to the State Department the week after The US State Department a senior State Department official told CNN .   " The US State Department of Turkish security personnel earlier this Turkish is deeply disturbing , " the official said . " The State Department has a senior State Department official concerns about these The US State Department highest levels and a The US State Department investigation that will allow us to hold the responsible individuals accountable is of the utmost importance to us . " Likewise , the US Ambassador to Turkey was summoned us Turkish officials who objected to the way the situation was handled .   Turkey said that the " lapses of security " during Erdogan ’s Turkey were " caused by the inability of US authorities to take sufficient precautions at every stage of the official program . " 
 