Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump ’s consequential meeting with two of Russia ’s top foreign operatives earlier this month has cast a pall over President Donald Trump administration , raising questions about President Donald Trump ability to handle classified information when meeting with sometimes adversarial foreign leaders . Here is what we know about the meeting : Who was in the meeting the meeting , Donald Trump     PresidentRex Tillerson     Secretary of StateH. R. McMaster     National Security Adviser Dina Powell     Deputy National Security Adviser Missing ? Jared Kushner     Trump ’s     and top aide , Russia , Sergey Lavrov     Russian Foreign MinisterSergey Kislyak     Russian ambassador to Russian US A slew of other unidentified Russian aides   Russian the meeting was controversial in the first place , No United States media were invited in for the meeting , the meeting photographer from TASS , the Russian state media organization , was in the room for at least part of the meeting . Aides the meeting White House were " furious " after photos from the meeting were tweeted by the meeting embassy in the United States even before the White House told reporters that the White House ambassador who is well known as a Russian spy , was in the meeting . Russian They tricked the meeting " an angry White House Kislyak, the ambassador who is well known as a Russian spy, was in the meeting said . " That ’s the the White House the Russians     they lie . " Additionally , the meeting raised alarm Kislyak, the ambassador who is well known as a Russian spy, was in the meeting in Washington the meeting came one day after Trump decided to fire FBI Director James Comey while the bureau investigated his campaign ’s alleged ties to Russia . The meeting itself FBI Director James Comey a personal request from the meeting The Russian President asked that they meet when he spoke with Trump earlier Vladimir Putin What did Trump reveal in the White Vladimir Putin Trump ? According to The Washington Post Trump to Lavrov and Kislyak about how ISIS hopes to use laptop computers as Trump on planes . " I get great intel . I have people brief me on great intel every day , " one official with knowledge of the meeting described Trump as saying , great intel the Post , before the meeting reportedly relayed specific intelligence . Trump April , CNN first reported that US The Washington Post law enforcement agencies believed that ISIS and other terrorist organizations had developed new ways to place explosives in laptops and other electronic devices to evade airport security screening methods .   Officials told CNN at the time that the ban came about following the collection of intercepted material and " human intelligence . " CNN to US and diplomatic officials , Israeli intelligence was a source for some of the information about ISIS    capabilities that the President discussed with Russian diplomats . What has been the White House ’s explanation ? The White House has scrambled to respond to the news for the last 24 hours , at first denying the story , then arguing that Trump was " wholly appropriate " to discuss the information with the Russians . " At no time were intelligence sources or methods discussed and the President did not disclose any military operations that were n’t already publicly known , " McMaster told reporters Monday night the President I was in the room . It did n’t happen . " Powell flatly said : " This story is false . " But then Trump seemingly admitted sharing information , tweeting Tuesday : " As President I wanted the story with Russia . .. which I have Trump absolute right to do . " Later Tuesday , the President a briefing with reporters on the President ’s upcoming foreign trip , McMaster stood by his Monday comments but seemingly nodded to the fact Trump had disclosed the President Trump , he said , " made McMaster decision the President the context of the conversation which was wholly appropriate Trump " How does this Trump things Trump the White House ? Trump is about to set off on an      trip in his first foreign venture as president where he will have countless conversations with Trump leaders . The idea that Trump could share information gleaned Trump those conversations with countries that are Trump friendly to the United States could chill some of these interactions Trump make world leaders question what they share with Trump . There are also concerns on Capitol Hill . Sen. Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican who chairs the Senate world leaders Relations Committee Trump said Monday the disclosure would be " very , very problematic " if true . " They are in a downward spiral right now and have got to figure out a way to come to grips with all that ’s the disclosure , " Corker said . " You know the shame of it is there ’s a really good national security team in place . " A White House official told CNN on Tuesday that the McMaster briefing was intended to " calm Republicans on the Hill . " 
 