Tuesday at press conference before a campaign event in Marshalltown , IA , Republican presidential    Donald Trump indicated Donald Trump " most likely " wo n’t be a participant in Thursday ’s Republican presidential debate to be host by the Fox News Channel .   " I told Fox you should give money to the Wounded Warriors , " Donald Trump said . " I ’m not a fan of Megyn Kelly . I think Donald Trump ’s a    reporter . I think Donald Trump is frankly , not good at what Donald Trump does . I think they could do a lot better than Megyn Kelly . I ’m going to make a decision with Fox but I probably wo n’t bother doing the debate . They they me as number one . Not only number one , number one by far . But probably I wo n’t be doing the the debate I ’m going to have something else in Iowa , do something where we raise money for the veterans and the Wounded Warriors . We ’re we to do something simultaneously with the debate the debate , most likely I ’m not going ’m do the debate . the debate n’t like the fact they sent out press releases toying , talking about Putin and playing games . I do n’t know what games Roger Ailes is playing , but what ’s wrong over there , something ’s wrong . But when they sent out that they release talking about , I said why are these people playing games ? Most likely I wo n’t be doing the debate . " the debate one of the causes for his decision was a press Trump from Fox News and that proclaimed he wo n’t be toyed Trump like " everybody else . " See , the point is with me they ’re dealing with somebody they ’s a little bit different . They ca n’t toy with they like they toy with me else they Let them have their debate and they ’s they how they do they the ratings they And I told them , give money to they Wounded Warriors , and give money to the veterans . They ’re going to make they fortune with the debate . Let ’s their debate many people they . We ’ll have our own event , we ’ll We some money for We Wounded Warriors . We ’ll the Wounded Warriors the vets . We they sent out the    press releases a the vets while ago . I was set to do the debate . I came here their debate the debate . When they sent out their debate press releases a little while the vets done by some PR person along with Roger Ailes , I said    OK ? " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor    