Washington ( CNN ) Now that Hillary Clinton is " out of the woods , " the former Democratic presidential nominee has become more vocal about Hillary Clinton experiences during the 2016 election . Earlier this month , Hillary Clinton shared Hillary Clinton thoughts on Russian interference in the 2016 election , media treatment and sexism in an interview with CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour at a " Women for Women International " event in New York . Friday , Hillary Clinton compared President Donald Trump ’s presidency to that of Richard Nixon ’s in a fiery commencement speech at Hillary Clinton alma mater , Wellesley College . And in an interview with journalist Rebecca Traister , the former secretary of state revealed details about Hillary Clinton     life following a tumultuous political year . Here ’s a roundup of the most interesting things we learned about Clinton ’s life after the election from the New York magazine cover story , published Friday . 1 . Hillary Clinton does n’t shy away from dishing gossip , President Donald Trump ’s inauguration may not have been easy for Clinton Clinton sit through , but Hillary Clinton had others sitting by Hillary Clinton side to help . " It was a really painful cry to his President Donald Trump supporters that he President Donald Trump n’t changing , " Hillary Clinton said . " The ’carnage’ in our country ? It was a very disturbing moment . I caught Michelle Obama ’s eye , like , What is going on here ? I was sitting next to George and Laura Bush , and we have our we differences , but this was beyond any experience any of us we ever had . " After Trump ’s inauguration , some outlets reported that former President George W. Bush allegedly reacted to Trump Trump’s by saying " That was some weird    . "   When asked by Traister if she overheard Bush say former President George W. Bush , Clinton only " raise ( d ) her eyebrows Clinton grin ( ned ) . " 2 . She ’s Clinton really into therapy , " That ’s not how I roll , " she said Clinton " I ’m all for it for anybody who ’s at all interested in it . it ’s it not how I deal with stuff . " However , she said Clinton and Clinton President Bill Clinton " had some marital counseling in the late ’90s , around our very difficult time . " 3 . She struggles Clinton layering clothing , Traister describes following Clinton at former President Bill Clinton event in    during which Clinton " former President Bill Clinton fretting about everyone ’s wardrobe     she said Clinton ’d Clinton moved her winter Clinton out of her closets Clinton was still struggling with layering . " 4 . She spends Clinton free Clinton doing a lot of normal , everyday activities , " She speaks Clinton these days of the benefits of rest and good food and being outdoors , " Traister wrote . " She answered Clinton and had scores of       meetings , and she and Clinton saw most of the shows currently on Broadway . They have she and Bill together and spend time with their grandchildren she and Bill " 5 . She has Clinton views on Easter candy , When chatting with Gov. Andrew Cuomo at an event , Clinton and the New York politician exchanged opinions on Easter candy Easter " They talked Clinton and the New York politician Easter , Easter how she ’d Clinton to fill some of those plastic eggs for the kids but Chelsea told her that Clinton ca n’t yet eat jelly beans , " Traister wrote . " Cuomo suggested doing ’those marshmallow things instead.’ It was all very ordinary and     until you remembered that Donald Trump is President and Hillary Clinton is discussing the merits of Peeps versus jelly beans . " 
 