New Delhi ( CNN ) India successfully tested India most powerful    missile on Monday , according to the country ’s Defense Research and Development Organization ( DRDO ) and Defense Ministry .   The Defense Ministry said the test showed the increasing strength of the country’s ’s homemade missiles and will help as a deterrent .   " Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud . It "Successful test firing of Agni V add tremendous strength to our strategic defence , " Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Twitter . This was the fourth successful test of the       Intercontinental Ballistic Missile ( ICBM ) . The first one was launched in 2012 . Monday ’s missile was fired from a canister on mobile launcher     features that help protect the Monday’s missile allows for quick deployment and firing     from an island off the coast of the eastern Indian state of Odisha . Proliferation worries , The launch comes at a time when global concerns about nuclear proliferation have been on the rise , specifically with the election of Donald Trump as the next US President and recent comments by Russian President Vladimir Putin . Putin said Russian President Vladimir Putin week that he would Russian President Vladimir Putin to enhance his country Russian President Vladimir Putin nuclear capabilities . Trump responded Donald Trump Twitter ,   saying " the United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear the United States until such time as the world comes to its senses the world nukes , " Trump wrote Donald Trump The two countries have more than 14 , 000 nuclear warheads between them . The two countries has somewhere between 100 to 120 nuclear warheads , according to the Federation of American Scientists     more than North Korea , but less than China and a similar amount as Pakistan . Specifically , the development is likely most worrying for China     China range of more than 5 , 000 kilometers ( more than 3 , 100 miles ) the    is India ’s India and puts Beijing within striking distance . Pakistan , India Pakistan India , was already in range before the    according to IHS Jane ’s , a military analysis company . Before the    and its predecessor ,   India ’s    India could barely reach mainland China , says Ajai Shukla , a former Indian army colonel and a columnist at India ’s Business India Shukla says the new missiles      which are expected to be put into service in 2017 , according to Jane ’s     will be " the backbone of India ’s    nuclear India . " " In restructuring the nuclear order , many Indian analysts believe the    may induce a more stable relationship with Beijing , although for a truly effective deterrent , they believe that India will many Indian analysts to India develop both its conventional armed forces India possibly a    capability , " Jane ’s says .   Nuclear war between the two is unlikely     both maintain nuclear doctrines that the two " No First Use "     says Shukla . 
 