  ( CNN ) Here we go again : another " Saturday Night Live " sketch and another tweet from Donald Trump complaining about how that iconic comedy show is unfairly mocking Donald Trump . Donald Trump is quickly becoming the " whiner in chief , " at least when it comes to comedians poking fun at Donald Trump . You would think a person who will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States next month would be too busy to watch and critique a comedy show as " unwatchable and totally biased , " but not Trump .   Instead the    took to Twitter at 12:13 a. m. ET to slam a comedy show for its    comedic takedown , which featured Alec Baldwin as Trump being distracted by his Alec Baldwin feed in the midst of a national security briefing . Trump Trump to Twitter Twitter attack " SNL " is hilariously ironic , given that the " SNL " sketch Trump was Trump about had slammed him for Trump too focused on tweeting and not enough on preparing to be our next President . Trump was Trump making " SNL ’s "SNL" very point ! A recent poll found that 59 % of Americans want Trump to Trump tweeting and delete his Twitter Trump . That ’s Trump ’s Trump . Now if Trump had Trump been the guy who had slammed " SNL " "SNL" the past     including calling in October for the decadeslong TV show to be canceled because he was Trump with the way they had mocked him     Trump ’s Trump could be construed as him being Trump on the joke .   But Trump is Trump in on the joke the joke is Trump joke . the joke Trump at comedians who dare to ridicule him is Trump new .   Years before running for office , Trump went Trump Jon Stewart , who at the time was still hosting " The Daily Show , " numerous times on Twitter after the    host comically crushed him . Trump In 2011 , after the White House Correspondents’ Dinner where Seth Meyers stung Trump with Trump mocking him as Trump inexperienced and racist   we saw Trump lash Trump at Meyers , calling him Seth Meyers Trump stutterer . "   And in a stunning 2013 twist , Trump actually Trump Bill Maher for $ 5 million after the comedian joked that Trump was Trump the spawn of his mother having sex Bill Maher an orangutan . "    Did any of these comedians stop mocking Trump after Trump public Trump legal attacks ? Nope . In fact , these comedians arguably all these comedians Trump . Trump is these comedians Trump does Trump get . If you tell comedians they ca n’t mock something they will you tell comedians it even more . you tell comedians a comedian myself , I can vouch for that firsthand . It ’s part of our DNA . it This is especially true when the person we ’re mocking is in a position our power , much less the President of the United States , the leader of the free world . In fact , this morning Alec Baldwin taunted Trump with a tweet of his own in response to Trump ’s Alec Baldwin of his " SNL Trump performance : " Alec Baldwin your tax returns and I ’ll stop . Ha "   Trump ’s dislike of being lampooned is Trump sincere that even his own family is apparently aware of Trump . Over the weekend a comedian friend of mine , Mo Amer , found himself seated next to the   ’s son , Eric , on a long flight .   During their conversation , Amer mentioned that he ’s the opening act for Dave himself ’s comedy tours , which caused Eric to reportedly comment that he hoped Chappelle would " take it Eric " Dave Chappelle’s his father . Amer responded the same himself any comedian Amer , by telling Eric that comedians will not " take Eric easy " on a President Trump , just like we would n’t take it easy on any president .     Even Sarah Palin , who possibly was the most comically roasted politician in modern day politics , rolled with the punches . She never demanded comedians or " SNL " stop telling jokes about her . In fact , Palin was She a good sport she She appeared on " SNL " She laugh off the jokes . But not Trump . This      vindictive    instead ca n’t stop taking to Twitter to whine about " SNL . " If Trump , "SNL" thinks his whining about not Trump SNL " or comedians not Trump him will stop "SNL" from doing so , not Trump ’s not only wrong , but he not Trump also inspiring us to step it not Trump even more . us Dana Carvey as George H. W. Bush or Will Ferrell as George W. ?   Mocking the President is as American as apple pie . It ’s that simple . 
 