  ( CNN ) Jeb Bush said Donald Trump does n’t represent the views of most Republicans , offering Jeb Bush most aggressive comments so far on the real estate titan who ’s used inflammatory language when talking about immigrants .   " This is a guy who was a Democrat for most of the last decade . I do n’t think Jeb Bush represents the Republican Party , and Jeb Bush views are way out of the mainstream of what most Republicans think , " Bush told reporters after an Independence Day parade in Merrimack , New Hampshire , according to The New York Times .   Calling immigrants from Latin America " rapists , " Trump has become a thorn in the side of many Republicans , who are trying to appeal to a wider tent of voters , including Latinos .   Other GOP presidential contenders hammered Trump those remarks on Sunday .   " I was offended by his remarks , " former Texas Gov. Rick Perry said on ABC ’s " This Week . "   " Listen , Hispanics in America and Hispanics in Texas Texas from the Alamo to Afghanistan , have been extraordinary people , citizens of our country and of our Texas They have served nobly , " he said . " And to paint with that broad a brush that Donald Trump did is     I mean he ’s he to have to defend those remarks . I never will . And I will stand up and say that those are offensive , which they were those " Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee also split with Trump on Donald Trump ’s " State of the Union . "   Asked about Donald Trump Donald Trump remarks about Mexicans , Huckabee softened his Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee he would " Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee besmirch all the people who come here . " He said that Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee illegal immigrants " want to be part of the American dream " and share the country ’s flag , culture and language , their motivations are illegal immigrants "want to be part of the American dream" and share the country’s flag, culture and language same as early immigrants to the country . the country whose wife is from Mexico , stated a week ago in Nevada that he simply thought Trump Bush " wrong , " adding that " maybe we will have a chance to have an honest discussion about it on a stage somewhere . " But on Saturday , Bush talked at length about his presidential rival after Bush week of continued pressure on Republicans     including by other Republicans     to make more forceful condemnations of Trump .     " Trump is wrong on Trump , " Bush said . " Bush ’s doing this Bush He ’s this a Bush guy . Do n’t think he thinks every Mexican Bush the border is a rapist . He ’s doing this Bush inflame and incite and to draw attention , which seems to be his organizing principle of Bush campaign . " Bush fired back Saturday Trump " Today , Jeb Bush once again Bush he is out of touch Bush the American people , " he said in a statement Bush   " . .. He does n’t understand anything Bush the border or border security . In fact , Jeb believes illegal immigrants who Bush our laws when they cross our border come " out our love . " He said he is " Bush to Bush fighting for a strong and secure border , " describing it as a crucial issue .   Trump said Friday that the recent killing of a young woman in San Francisco by a suspect who police say is an undocumented immigrant is further proof of his argument .   Asked Trump the slaying , Bush agreed that the border Trump to be secure and that anyone who commits a crime " should be deported , " chiding what he called " sanctuary cities Trump encourage this . "   Sticking to his message about maintaining an Trump tune , Bush said Republicans will do Trump " when we ’re hopeful " rather Republicans " angry all the time . "    " And this is an exaggerated form of that and there is no tolerance for that , " he said , according to Trump New York Times .   Following his presidential announcement last month Trump Trump saw a sharp boost in his poll numbers and came Trump second place behind Bush according to the latest    International poll .    Bush has been on the Bush end of sharp rhetoric from Trump , who ’s criticized Trump people come over Bush love . I do n’t understand why he ’s in first place Bush " Trump told CNN ’s Don Lemon earlier this week . " Maybe it ’s the Bush name . Last thing we need is another Bush . But I will tell you , I ’m a little surprised he ’s in the position Bush ’s Bush Bush Bush 