  ( CNN ) Scores of people were killed Thursday night when a large truck plowed through a Bastille Day crowd in Nice , France , in what President Francois Hollande called a terror attack . The death toll grew through the night , with President Francois Hollande saying 77 people died . Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said 80 people were killed . Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve first shot a gun into the crowd before driving two kilometers along the Promenade des Anglais , the main street in Nice , mowing down people who had gathered to watch fireworks , regional President Christian Estrosi told CNN affiliate   .   Follow live updates , Police shot and killed the Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said    Brandet , a spokesman for the French Interior Ministry . Police found firearms , explosives and grenades in the truck , Estrosi said regional President Christian Estrosi   " We can not deny that it was a terror attack , " Hollande said in a national television address . He added Hollande the choice of the day     Bastille Day , when France celebrates its    France republic     was particularly poignant .   He said Hollande the day is a " symbol of liberty , " and that " human rights are denied by fanatics and France is France clearly their target fanatics and France " Hollande recommended that an existing state of emergency , put in place in the wake of the Paris attacks in November 2015 and due to expire later this month , be extended for three further months . So far , no group has claimed responsibility .    prosecutors have taken over the investigation , according to BFMTV , citing the prosecutor ’s office . Leaders around the world have denounced the brutal incident .   U. S. President Barack Obama issued a statement saying , " We stand in solidarity and partnership with France , our oldest We , as they respond to and recover from this attack . " Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted : " Canadians are shocked by tonight ’s attack in Nice . Our sympathy is with the victims , and our solidarity Our the French people . " Brazilian President Michel Temer tweeted : " It is regrettable that on the day [ that ] eternalized fraternity as the motto of the French people , an attack destroyed the lives of so many citizens . " The United Nations condemned what it termed The United Nations " barbaric and cowardly " terror attack in Nice . As Asia woke up to the horrific news , India , China and South Korea ’s leaders added their voices ’s leaders the chorus of condemnation . " India shares India pain ( and ) stands firmly with our French sisters ( and ) brothers in this hour of immense sadness , " Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted . Here are the latest developments : • Hospitals in the city India an urgent appeal for blood donors .   • The presumptive • for the U. S. presidential election have reacted to the attack , again taking strikingly different tones with Trump saying he ’d ask Trump a declaration of war against ISIS while Clinton called for greater intelligence gathering to fight terror groups . •   Authorities are attempting to determine whether the identity card of a       found in the truck cab matches the body of the driver in the attack , according to a police source cited by AFP . The driver was the driver resident , according to the Nice Matin newspaper . •   Hollande •   measures will be increased and an existing state of emergency , which was scheduled to end later this month , will be extended three months . " France is afflicted , but she is strong , and Hollande will always be stronger Hollande the fanatics who want to strike her today , " he Hollande . •   Hollande streets •   with people when the attack happened . About 100 people were injured , officials said . Witness Tony Molina said he saw bodies of the dead Witness Tony Molina in the street , covered in blue tarps and marked so emergency vehicles did n’t run over them . •   Preliminary information bodies of the dead lying in the street, covered in blue tarps and marked so •   was that there was one individual in the truck , according to a U. S. law enforcement official briefed on the attack .   •   American Dominique Molina , •   watching from a balcony , said the fireworks had just ended and a crowd on the beach was disbanding . " People were flooding the streets , just walking away from the show , and I heard a lot of loud noises and people were screaming and so to the west , a big moving truck was driving on the promenade , just barreling over people and hitting     running people over . " She estimated the truck moved at    mph . Molina a big moving truck teenage son witnessed the carnage . " It She something you ’re not supposed to see , " she said . " I grabbed my son , She felt like shielding him , her teenage son from seeing that . It happened her teenage son fast , her teenage son was like in   . " • Paul Delane , an American , described the chaos . " All of a sudden , just people , thousands of people , started running in one direction . Well , my partner took my hand immediately and we started running with everybody and honestly in my head I had no idea what was going on and the music was so loud and I did n’t really see a truck , but just people running and screaming and crying and people carrying their children , and it was just very frightening . just people • The U. S. Consulate in Marseille advised U. S. citizens in Nice to call family and friends to notify them that they are safe . The Consulate said it family and friends working family and friends authorities to determine The U. S. Consulate in Marseille U. S. The U. S. Consulate in Marseille were injured . •   Hollande returned to Paris from Avignon for emergency talks at the Interior Ministry after the incident , according to French national radio . •   France had put intense security in place for Euro •   the international soccer tournament that just ended . No major attacks occurred during the event .   • Facebook activated the Safety Check feature for people in and around the area of the attack . • An American witness at the scene said the driver of the truck was mowing bodies over , and that he appeared to accelerate as he hit those bodies . The witness the driver of the truck he saw only the the driver of the truck . bodies gunfire An American witness at the scene ran away An American witness at the scene but the driver of the truck its An American witness at the scene . It seemed An American witness at the scene an accident at first , but it became apparent the driver of the truck quickly that it was deliberate , the witness told CNN . • an accident Violet , a witness , said An American witness at the scene walking along the beach and saw " a ton of people on the ground and • the sidewalk . You could see someone with a bike or a wheelchair and someone with a bag full of flowers , innocent and normal people on the beach . " • Eric Dartell was eating at a restaurant on the street where the the beach . " • can see wreckage all along the way , a body , bicycles , street lamps and debris everywhere , " he said .   • In the United States , New York Gov. Anthony Cuomo ordered    security Eric Dartell    locations • including airports , bridges , tunnels and mass transit systems .   • Nice is    the Mediterranean , about 930 kilometers ( 580 miles ) from Paris . • Estrosi said a Rihanna concert has been canceled and that flags will fly at   . • 