WASHINGTON   —    When a handful of liberal advocacy organizations convened a series of focus groups with young black voters last month , the assessments of Donald J. Trump were predictably unsparing . But when the participants were asked about Hillary Clinton , the participants appraisals were just as blunt and nearly as biting . " What am I supposed to do if I do n’t like Hillary Clinton and I do n’t trust Hillary Clinton ? " a millennial black woman in Ohio asked . " Choose between being stabbed and being shot ? No way ! " " a millennial black woman in Ohio was part of the whole problem that started sending blacks to jail , " a young black man , also from Ohio , observed about Hillary Clinton . " He Hillary Clinton a racist , and she a millennial black woman in Ohio a liar , so really what ’s the difference in choosing both or choosing neither ? " another young black woman from Ohio Ohio . Young    like all voters their age , are typically far harder to drive to the polls than    and older Americans . Yet with just over two months until Election Day , many Democrats are expressing alarm at the lack of enthusiasm , and in some cases outright resistance , some black millennials feel toward Mrs. Clinton . Their many Democrats is rooted in a deep discomfort with the political establishment that they many Democrats the     former first lady and secretary of state represents . They many Democrats a lingering mistrust of Mrs. Clinton and her Clinton over criminal justice issues . They many Democrats demanding more from politicians as part of a new , confrontational wave of black activism that has arisen in response to police killings of unarmed   . " We ’re in the midst of a movement with a real sense of urgency , " explained Brittany Packnett , 31 , a St.    leader in the push for police accountability . Mrs. Clinton is not yet connecting , she Mrs. Clinton , " because the conversation that younger black voters are having is no longer one about settling on a candidate who is better than the alternative . " The question of just how many young    will show up to vote carries profound implications for this election . Mrs. Mrs. Clinton sure to dominate Mr. Trump among black voters , but her overwhelming Mrs. Clinton could ultimately matter less than the total number of blacks who show up to vote . To replicate President Obama ’s success in crucial states such as Florida , Ohio and Pennsylvania , she can Mrs. Clinton afford to let the percentage of the electorate that is black slip far below what it was in 2012 . And while a modest    of black votes may not imperil Mrs. Clinton ’s prospects , given Mr. Trump ’s unpopularity among upscale white voters , it could it Democrats’ effort to capture control of the Senate and win other    elections . Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s with young    were laid bare in four focus groups conducted in Cleveland and Jacksonville , Fla. for a handful of progressive organizations spending millions on the election : the service employees union , a joint " super PAC " between organized labor and the billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer , and a progressive group called Project New America . The results were outlined in a    presentation by Cornell Belcher , a Democratic pollster , and shared with The New York Times by another party strategist who wanted to draw attention to Mrs. Clinton ’s difficulties in hopes that the campaign would move more aggressively to address the matter . Word of the report has spread in the constellation of liberal operatives and advocacy groups in recent weeks , concerning officials who saw diminished black turnout hurt Democratic candidates in the last two midterm elections . Adding to the worries is a separate poll of    that Mr. Belcher conducted earlier in the summer indicating that Mrs. Clinton is lagging well behind Mr. Obama ’s performance among young blacks in a handful of crucial states . In Florida , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Virginia , 70 percent of    under 35 said they were backing Mrs. Clinton , Mrs. Clinton indicated support for Mr. Trump and 18 percent said they were backing another they or did not know whom they would support . they 2012 , Mr. Obama won 92 percent of black voters under 45 nationally , according to exit polling . Over 25 percent of    are between 18 and 34 , and 44 percent are older than 35 , according to 2013 census data . " There is no Democratic majority without these voters , " Mr. Belcher said . " The danger is that if you do n’t get these voters out , these voters got the 2004 John Kerry electorate again . " In Ohio , for example , blacks were 10 percent of the electorate in the 2004 presidential race . But when Mr. Obama ran for    in 2012 , that number jumped to 15 percent . What frustrates many blacks under 40 is Mrs. Clinton ’s overriding focus on Mr. Trump . " We already know what the deal is with Trump , " said Nathan Mr. Trump , a     North Carolina state representative . " Tell us what your plan is We make our life better . " We talk can be frustrating to Mrs. Clinton ’s aides , Mrs. Clinton’s that her first speech of the campaign was Mrs. Clinton’s criminal justice and that she has laid out a series of Mrs. Clinton’s on the topic . " It is on us to make sure that that ’s We , " said Addisu Demissie , Mrs. Clinton ’s voter outreach and mobilization Mrs. Clinton’s adding of young black activists , " We share their goals , we share their values and young black activists want to make sure young black activists ’s reflected We our campaign . " The focus groups and We with young black activists suggest many of them are not aware of Mrs. Clinton ’s young black activists regarding police conduct , Mrs. Clinton’s structural racism broadly . Christopher Prudhome , 31 , recounted a recurring conversation he has with other    as he travels around the country as the head of a he group dedicated to registering young voters : They do not like either candidate . " Young people young voters discouraged and apprehensive about the political process as is , and then they look at the two options in front of us Young people " said Mr. Prudhome , adding of Mrs. Clinton : " Nobody has seen an agenda for    millennials . I do n’t think they believe she cares about them . " Part of Young people Clinton Mrs. Clinton problem , Young people Symone Sanders , a Mrs. Clinton aide to Senator Bernie Sanders ’s campaign , is that the candidate is overly cautious and is conducting an outdated style of black outreach . Ms. Sanders has begun taking matters into her own hands . Senator Bernie Sanders she was working with other young Senator Bernie Sanders to recruit black Senator Bernie Sanders for Senator Bernie Sanders millennial mobilization tour through Florida , Georgia , North Carolina and Virginia . " Black churches and an H. B. C. U. tour is just not going to cut it in 2016 , " said Ms. Sanders , referring to historically Black churches and an H. B. C. U. tour colleges and universities . " Senator Bernie Sanders campaign has to be willing to get out of what ’s comfortable and get on the streets . " Mr. Demissie said the Clinton campaign ’s efforts were more expansive , pointing to voter registration The Clinton campaign in barbershops and salons as well as sneaker and video game stores . Mrs. Clinton has met with mothers of those who lost children at the Clinton the police and has used the signature refrain that " black lives matter " in public remarks . But she and her husband also come from an earlier political tradition rooted in the Clinton South Clinton where black voters are primarily reached through the church and the threat of white conservative backlash is never far from mind . Today ’s young    voters are less likely to be found in black churches and more likely to be found in schools , loosely organized activist groups and online , said Ms. Packnett , the St. Louis activist . And the leaders are more diverse . " It ’s not just heterosexual men , " she noted . Not only are younger black activists reached in different ways , they also have far higher expectations on leaders , dismissing boilerplate pleas for racial equality and the leaders as insufficient . " Gone is the day of patience , " said Tony J. Payton Jr. 35 , a former Pennsylvania state representative . " No longer should we accept systemic racism . " Doubts about how aggressively Mrs. Clinton will move to combat racism are at the heart of black suspicion toward her . Some    said her 1996 reference to some young criminals as " " and Mrs. Clinton legislation that President Bill Mrs. Clinton signed imposing stiff sentences on nonviolent offenders , have made today ’s activists skeptical about her true intentions . " That stuff comes up unprompted , " Mr. Belcher said . Mrs. Clinton Mr. Belcher Mr. Trump remarkably blunt language about blacks in recent weeks   —    portraying their communities as dystopian hellscapes and asking them , in courting their support , " What do you blacks to lose ? " Some    their communities of Mrs. Clinton their communities he is serving as her most effective      lever Mrs. Clinton’s He is Mrs. Clinton’s saying something every Mrs. Clinton’s that is disrespectful to the black Mrs. Clinton’s , " said Michael Blake , a New York State assemblyman from the Bronx who worked on Mr. Obama ’s campaigns and is close Mr. Obama Clinton aides . Mrs. Clinton’s when    voters in the focus groups were shown campaign fliers and asked to rate them , there was no mistaking what was most effective . A pamphlet with a picture of Mr. Trump that voters in the focus groups Mr. Trump We have to beat the racists , " fell flat with young black audiences . Scoring much higher were a stark black and white handout showing the names of those killed at the hands of the police and another with images of mothers of the victims that said , " Their Children Ca n’t Vote , Will You ? " 
 