CNN ’s most senior political journalists could barely contain most senior political journalists outrage on Friday morning after Republican nominee Donald Trump used an event that most senior political journalists expected to be about Birtherism to showcase Republican nominee Donald Trump support from veterans , Medal of Honor winners , retired flag officers , and Medal of Honor winners . [ CNN ’s Jake Tapper complained about a " political Rick roll . " Gloria Borger furiously accused Trump of " a breathtaking act of political expediency . " Anchor Ashleigh Banfield slammed Trump for " Birther crap , " and complained that Trump staff had prevented a CNN journalist from joining a CNN journalist on a tour of a CNN journalist new hotel . CNN ’s chief national correspondent John King summed it up best : " I do n’t know what to say here    …      We got played , again , by the @realDonaldTrump campaign . "   it began on Thursday evening and Friday morning , the media played up expectations that Trump would address the Birther issue , which the media had brought up increasingly in recent days . Hillary Clinton had also attacked Trump for Hillary Clinton role in 2011 in pushing the theory that President Barack Obama had been born in Kenya , prompting President Barack Obama to release the " " birth certificate from Hawaii that President Barack Obama had previously withheld . President Barack Obama was born in America , plain and simple . Trump owes him and President Barack Obama American people an apology .   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) September 16 , 2016 ,   Clinton , of course was partly responsible for the Birther theory in 2008 , when her supporters Clinton the idea that he was not born in the U. S. and therefore might not be eligible to be President of the United States . That theory the Birther theory turn , likely resulted from Obama ’s own claims   —    via his literary agent Obama —    that he had been Obama born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii . " On Thursday and Friday , Trump declined to say whether he believed Obama Trump born Obama the U. S. even though the Trump campaign had Trump a statement that he believed Obama Trump , Obama fact , born in Hawaii . The Hawaii played up the contradiction . Trump , pressed for answers Friday , actually Friday his hand , Trump a journalist " we have to keep the suspense going . " What Trump had in Trump was something of a prank at the media ’s expense . He opened his Trump with Trump endorsements from senior , experienced veterans and national security activists , who not only explained why Donald Trump was Trump for     but also mocked Hillary Clinton by calling themselves " deplorables . their One , for example , drew applause by declaring : " We ’ve dedicated our lives to the We of our nation , as deplorable as we are . " We also spoke about Trump sacrifices of Gold Star families   —    going some way toward undoing the lingering damage of the Khizr Khan controversy . Trump eventually concluded his Trump by declaring Trump Clinton had started the Birther controversy , the Khizr Khan controversy finished it in 2011 Clinton adding : " President Barack Obama was born in the United States , period . Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again . Thank you very much . " Journalists shouted questions , to no avail , as Trump greeted members of the audience . The CNN panel that followed was a paroxysm of rage . Political correspondent Dana Bash , for one , vowed to " keep this discussion going , at least in the near future,"asserting that the Trump campaign would only be able Trump move on to other issues once it answered every detailed question about the Trump campaign Birther controversy . No one believes that , which is why Trump ’s setup on Friday hit Trump mark . Trump knows , as other Republican Trump candidates only realized too late , that the mainstream media use such contrived controversies for the sole purpose of helping the Democrats and their nominee . The media expected other Republican presidential candidates see Trump the mainstream media his rising poll Trump brought low Trump . Trump used the CNN and the Trump ’s eagerness against them , commandeering their coverage to broadcast his message . them is mad Trump but it only CNN itself to blame . CNN B. Pollak CNN Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 