’   ’ ’    WASHINGTON ( Reuters )    A top aide to    Donald Trump    said in an interview aired on Sunday that the White House may    have disproportionately punished Russia by ordering the expulsion    of 35 suspected Russian spies . ’ ’    Incoming White House press secretary   that      Donald Trump    will be asking questions of U. S. intelligence agencies    after President Barack Obama imposed sanctions last week on two    Russian intelligence agencies over what   Donald Trump    said was two   Russian intelligence agencies    involvement in hacking political groups in the 2016 U. S.    presidential election . ’ ’    Barack Obama also ordered Russia to vacate two U. S.    facilities as part    of the tough sanctions on Russia Russia ’ ’    " One of the questions that we have is why the magnitude of this ?    I mean you look at 35 people being expelled , two sites being    closed down , the question is , is that response in proportion to    the actions taken ? Maybe it was ; maybe it it but you have to       about that , " Spicer said . ’ ’      ’ ’ ’ ’    Trump is to have briefings with intelligence agencies this week    after he Trump to New York on Sunday . ’ ’    On Saturday , Trump Trump continued skepticism over whether    Russia was responsible for computer hacks of Democratic Party    officials . ’ ’ ’    I think it’ ’s unfair if we don’’t know . It could be somebody else .    I also know things that other people don’’t know so we can not we    sure ,    Trump said . ’ "    He said he Trump disclose Trump information on the issue on    Tuesday or    , without elaborating . It is unclear if , upon    taking office on Jan. 20 , he would seek Trump roll back Obama ’s    actions , which mark a    War low in U. S.   ties . " ’    Spicer said that after China in 2015 seized records of U. S.    government employees " no action publicly was taken . Nothing ,    nothing was taken when millions of people had their private    millions of people , including information on security clearances that    was shared    Not one thing happened . " ’ ’    " So there is a question about whether there’ ’s a political    retribution here versus a diplomatic response , " he added . ’ ’   ’ ’    U. S. intelligence agencies say Russia was behind hacks into    Democratic Party organizations and operatives before the    presidential election . Moscow denies this . U. S. intelligence    officials say the Russian cyber attacks aimed to help Trump    defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton . ’ ’    Republican John McCain , chairman of the Senate Armed Services    Committee , has scheduled a hearing for Thursday on foreign cyber    threats and has said that Russia must be made to pay the price    for attacks " on our very fundamentals of democracy . ’ ’    The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said on the    same ABC program that Congress would push for an even harsher    reprisal against Russia and warned Russia against undoing Obama ’s    sanctions . ’ ’    " We think that more has to be done . We don’’t think We frankly    the steps that have been taken are enough of a deterrent , " said    Representative Adam Schiff , a California Democrat . " And you’’re    going to see bipartisan support in Congress for stronger    sanctions against Russia . " ’ ’    Senator Tom Cotton , a Republican from Arkansas , said on " Fox News    Sunday " that Obama’ ’s sanctions were not enough . ’ ’    Russian President Vladimir Putin decided not to expel anyone in    retaliation , saying he would consider ’ ’   Russian President Vladimir Putin actions of Trump when    deciding on    steps . Trump , who has repeatedly praised    Putin , said the Russian leader ’ ’   Russian President Vladimir Putin smart " for holding back . ’ "    Russian diplomats who were expelled by Obama left Washington on    Sunday , Russian news    reported , Russian Russia ’s embassy . " ’      ’ ’    ( Additional reporting by Richard Cowan in Palm Beach , Fla. ;    Editing by Mary Milliken ) ’ 
 