President Trump and a    Congress tried and failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act . Now , President Trump and a   Congress have to decide whether President Trump and a   Congress want to work with it or sabotage it . Both President Trump and a   Congress acknowledged on Friday that they would not bring President Trump and a   Congress repeal bill back President Trump and a   Congress a vote any time soon . That means that , as Speaker Paul Ryan said , " we ’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future . " Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump reiterated their criticisms of the Mr. Ryan and Mr. Trump and set the stage for watching it collapse and blaming the law Democrats for the aftermath . " I ’ve been saying for the last year and a half that the best thing we can do politically speaking is let Obamacare explode , " Obamacare Trump said from Mr. Trump Office . " It is exploding now . " Mr. Ryan said that Obamacare ’s architects would Obamacare that the bill was allowed to live on , given what he described as its inevitable failure Mr. Ryan In fact the bill Obamacare is not on the Obamacare of " explosion . " Enrollment in its insurance marketplaces is steady Obamacare and several independent analyses suggest that insurance prices have stabilized after a sharp market correction this year . But the structures it set up to provide health this year to    Americans are vulnerable . Insurance companies have struggled to make money in the early years of the new markets , and many have backed out . Others remain tentatively committed and skittish . Mr. Trump will need to decide , quickly , whether his goal is to knock over Mr. Trump    markets , or help prop them up . If he decides to topple them , Mr. Trump year could be them messy . Insurers are making their decisions right now about whether Insurers enter the markets for next year and about how much next year their customers . Signals from the administration Insurers the next few weeks about whether he will help or hurt them will almost certainly guide insurers’ choices Insurers The biggest immediate decision concerns a court dispute between the House and the administration over subsidies to help    the administration pay their deductibles and   . The House has insurance buyers that the money for those subsidies was not properly authorized . The Obama White House fought the case . The House whether Mr. Trump ’s lawyers will do the same . The availability of those subsidies , used by a majority of Obamacare customers , is critical for insurers in the markets . Without the subsidies , all the insurers will lose some money , and many smaller carriers will face bankruptcy . If Mr. Trump does not fight the court case , the Obamacare Mr. Trump most states will unravel quickly , leaving millions without insurance options on his watch . Many of the beneficiaries are Trump voters . There Mr. Trump smaller decisions ahead , too , about Mr. Trump to administer programs , whether to enforce the law ’s individual mandate , and whether to recruit insurers to participate in markets where competition is thin . So far , Mr. Trump ’s secretary for health and human services , Tom Price Mr. Trump taken every opportunity to gloat about the health law ’s setbacks , even as he is administering its programs . Mr. Price , perhaps more than Mr. Mr. Trump , has the health law been committed to the Affordable Care Act ’s Mr. Trump But now he will have to manage the law ’s many programs . Obama administration officials Mr. Trump insurers , cajoling and the health law . If Mr. Trump wants the markets to be vigorous , he could use Obama administration officials      Mr. Trump woo insurance companies into the stabilizing markets . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Price can make peace with the health law , there are opportunities to steer it in a more conservative direction . The law gives broad authority to the executive branch the health law shape health care policy . So the health law the health law has been driven by Obama administration priorities , but that could change . A the health law changes have begun that process . The Trump administration plans to make it harder for people to sign up for plans midyear . It has given insurers more wiggle room to raise their deductibles . It may be able to make alterations The Trump administration loosen up benefit requirements   —    though insurers wo n’t be able to completely eliminate them , as Republicans sought to do at the last minute in the failed bill . The administration will insurers have enormous power to allow states to reshape their Medicaid programs   —    and even their local insurance markets   —    through waivers to existing The administration . Seema Verma , the    administrator The administration the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , was a consultant who helped states write pathbreaking conservative proposals for their Medicaid programs . She is ideally positioned to approve many more such waivers from    states , allowing Seema Verma, the   administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Medicaid impose premiums Seema Verma, the   administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services    and even work requirements for Medicaid beneficiaries . A new Obamacare waiver program Seema Verma, the   administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services just gone into effect : It would allow states to Medicaid their entire health insurance markets if they can show that their revised plans A new Obamacare waiver program cover as many people . states process could allow Ms. Verma states Mr. Price to states state plans that hew more closely to the Republican vision for health care . New powers granted under the Affordable Care Act allow the Department of Health and Human Services to make major changes to the Medicare program , through demonstration projects meant to lower costs and improve patient care . The Obama administration set a precedent of imposing " mandatory " projects on large portions of the country to test policy ideas . So far , Mr. Price has looked askance at such efforts . But the provision could give him power to reshape what Medicare pays for and how seniors receive their care . Nicholas Bagley , a Mr. Price professor at the University Medicare Michigan , has criticized the Obama seniors for stretching its legal authority with some of its Obamacare choices . But those choices have the Trump administration for the Trump administration the Trump administration stretch the health law in the Trump administration own direction . " its Obamacare choices think Congress is done , and you do n’t want to provoke a reaction anymore the health law then you own this , " he said . " You will be judged as an executive on the performance of Obamacare . " For years , opposing you think Congress is done, and you don’t want to provoke a reaction anymore has been a rallying cry for Republicans . But if Republicans ca n’t Obamacare Obamacare , they could instead    Obamacare . There are opportunities for Trumpcare yet . 
 Obamacare Republicans 