’   ’ ’    This is very simple : The idea that tax cuts " pay for themselves "    is false . ’ ’    But it is persistent , having been firmly planted in the political    discourse by    economists decades ago and becoming all    the rage during the Reagan administration . ’ "    And   And ’s coming back in force with President Donald Trump ’s tax    plan . " ’      economists argue that tax cuts spur economic growth ,    and that the growth offsets any increased deficit resulting from    the government taking in less revenue . ’ "    It did n’t work that way for Ronald Reagan or for George W. Bush    20 years later . " "    For all his preaching about fiscal responsibility , The Gipper    presided over an expansion of the federal government and The Gipper       increasing budget deficit , barely managed to close loopholes , and    used a trick called dynamic scoring , which accounts for    imagined future revenue to pretend that some growth down the line    will close any gaps created by a budget . ( And if that does n’t    work ,    also allows for planners to assume a future Congress    will fix things . ) " "       did n’t work for Reagan , and    ’s not going to work for Trump . " ’    Take a look at the chart below . This is the federal budget    deficit as a percent of GDP . The farther that blue line is away    from the black line , the bigger the deficit ( relative to the    economy ) . If tax cuts spurred enough growth to " pay for    themselves , " the line would rise . It doesn’’t in the period when    Reagan was president , and It doesn’’t when Bush was president . ’ "    That period where It is above the line ? That ’s when Bill Clinton    was president . The shaded areas where it dives are recessions . " ’   ’ "    Trump ’s and House Republicans’ plans look similar , except   Trump ’s    plan cuts taxes more aggressively . Each calls for an overhaul of    the corporate system and wants to : " ’    The Tax Foundation , a conservative think tank , estimates this    would add up to $ 3 . 9 trillion to the federal deficit over the    next 10 years . That estimate includes the benefit of dynamic    scoring . ’ "    Analysts at Bank of America wrote in a recent note that Analysts at Bank of America    think a tax proposal written by House Republicans is more likely    to pass . According to the Tax Foundation , the Tax Foundation ’s revenue neutral   —      also using dynamic scoring   —    even though the Tax Foundation also cuts the    corporate tax rate from 35 % to 20 % . " "    Bank of America ’s analysts are n’t convinced this would lead to    economic growth , and that is partly because of how the Tax    Foundation does the Tax   Foundation calculations . " ’    Under this plan , companies can immediately expense , rather than    gradually deduct , depreciation for all capital spending . the Tax   Foundation thinks that would make businesses want to invest ,    ultimately adding 9 . 1 % to GDP . ’ ’    Bank of America was not impressed with this logic : ’ "    With the House plan this plan likely to see this same effect , but    this all may happen more slowly than anyone initially thought .    Analysts think Washington could    busy doing other things   —    like    repealing the Affordable Care      —    until 2018 , leaving investors    hungry for reform waiting    " "    And the more that Republicans squabble over the tax plan , the    less likely infrastructure spending seems .   and it seems , per Bank of America ’s    analysis , that Wall Street is coming around to that , too . " ’This is very simple : The idea that tax cuts . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 