New York ( CNN)"I’m sorry . " With those simple words , Hillary Clinton , who thought she would wake up Wednesday as the first woman    but crashed to a stunning election defeat to Donald Trump , ended she White House quest and likely she political career . The Democratic nominee unequivocally conceded the presidential race , and said that the Constitution requires a peaceful transfer of power . " Last night , I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with Donald Trump on behalf of our country . I hope that Donald Trump will be a successful president for all Americans , " Clinton said . " Donald Trump is going to be our president . We our him Donald Trump open mind and a chance to lead , " said Clinton , who was composed and dignified even as she Clinton how painful her Clinton was in her Clinton public comments on the result of the election . " This is not the outcome that we our and we our so hard for , and I am sorry that we our not win this the election " Clinton told supporters and campaign workers in New York . Clinton also Clinton the historic achievement for which she twice Clinton in losing presidential campaigns . " I know we our still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling , but someday , someone will , and hopefully sooner than we our think right now . " " And to all the little girls who are watching this , never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and to achieve your own dreams . " Clinton ’s Clinton devoid of bitterness and seemed at times to be an attempt to inspire her supporters about Clinton virtues of public service and of fighting for what they believe . But she also put Clinton on notice that the core American values which many Democrats believe Trump abhors , Trump on his proposals for Trump on ban on Muslim immigration and rhetorical assaults on female journalists during his campaign , Trump on not be forgotten . " Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power and we do n’t just respect that , we cherish it we It also enshrines it things : the rule of law , the principle that we are equal in rights and dignity , freedom of worship and expression . We respect and cherish these values too and we must defend We . " these values flowed , Much of the seating at Clinton ’s remarks was for staff and aides and the campaign was treating it as a the campaign to the people who have spent the better part of two years working on her behalf , Clinton aide said . Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine also was on hand . The Virginia senator Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine Clinton Tuesday night Clinton’s " I ’m proud of Hillary , because she loves this country , Hillary said Kaine , who had tears in his eyes , as he Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine introductory remarks . Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine throughout the ballroom were sobbing during Clinton ’s remarks Clinton’s moments in the speech were filled with tears , sniffles and some sobs . Clinton ’s top aides Clinton’s seated in the front row , were almost all crying . Robby Mook , Clinton ’s campaign manager Clinton’s wiping away tears . Nick Merrill , Clinton ’s traveling press secretary Clinton’s weeping . The most somber moment in Clinton ’s speech was when she Clinton’s her impact to women Clinton’s girls . Clinton’s To all the women and especially the young women who put their faith in this campaign and in me , all the women and especially the young women who put their faith in this campaign and in me want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion , " Clinton said , her voice breaking with Clinton’s . There Clinton’s audible cries     and some sobs     throughout the room . Bill Clinton , while working the ropeline Clinton’s away tears . Huma Abedin cried during the speech but kept a stoic face during much of the ropeline . Clinton worked the ropeline after the event the ropeline from tearful conversation to the ropeline . She first spoke with Anastasia Somoza , the Clinton’s old woman diagnosed with cerebral palsy and spastic quadriplegia who interned for Clinton ’s Senate office .   Bending down Clinton’s Somoza , Clinton told her , " You were so wonderful Clinton’s every Clinton’s . I love you . " " Thank you for all your work , " Clinton told Somoza ’s mother . She hugged Joel Clinton’s and John Anzalone , two Somoza her pollsters , who acknowledged to other aides last Clinton’s that they did n’t see the Trump wave coming . She hugged Jim Margolis and Mandy Grunwald , who Clinton’s many of the campaign ’s television ads . Clinton left somewhat unceremoniously , departing through a blue curtain to the left of the room and later to her motorcade . End of a campaign , Her speech marked a bitter Clinton to a campaign that will be remembered Clinton failing to fully energize Democratic voters and for squandering the party ’s traditional heartlands in states like Pennsylvania and Wisconsin . It also marked what could be the final act on the national stage of the Clinton double act , the political partnership between Bill Clinton and the former first lady and secretary of state that had seemed poised for a remarkable comeback , 16 years after they left the White House . Campaign staffers had spoken throughout Clinton ’s presidential bid of the extreme pressure many of them felt in Bill Clinton , whom Clinton argued was temperamentally and intellectually unfit Campaign staffers the presidency and to be in Bill Clinton of the US nuclear arsenal . Now she is under pressure to call on a nation , split almost exactly down Bill Clinton middle , to unite behind the next president . Jason Miller , a Trump campaign spokesman , lauded her speech . " Very classy speech from @HillaryClinton . Important step in bringing Bill Clinton country together , " he tweeted . It was not the first time Clinton has tasted the pain of ending a defeated presidential campaign . In 2008 , she folded her primary bid against Barack Obama in Washington and bemoaned her failure Bill Clinton break Bill Clinton " highest and hardest glass ceiling " by becoming Bill Clinton first female president . That was to be her fate again in 2016 , though the personal recriminations are likely to be Bill Clinton more intense this time given that Trump is seen by many Democrats as antithetical to American values . Clinton called Trump in the early hours of Wednesday to concede defeat after he shattered her Trump firewall in the Midwest and swept to victory after the Clinton vitriolic Clinton election in generations . But she did not appear at her election night party in New York . At Clinton time , her campaign Clinton John Podesta explained that the campaign wanted to ensure that every Clinton in still undeclared states was counted     though her position already seemed hopeless . Trump ’s campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , Clinton Wednesday that she was with Conway her boss wanted to Clinton to the   . " I handed him the Clinton and they had a maybe    conversation , very gracious , very warm . I heard Mr. her boss ’s side of the phone , " Conway told CNN ’s Alisyn Camerota Trump’s New Day . " Trump’s commended her for being smart and tough and running a very    campaign . And Clinton am told Secretary Clinton her boss Donald Trump on his victory , and conceded to him , " Conway said . Trump’s Trump’s Conway Secretary Clinton 