Aerial banners bearing the message " Rescue UNborn Children " and a 15’ x 100’ photo of a baby aborted at 15 weeks will be flying over Cleveland , Ohio when the Republican National Convention gathers next week . [ The # OperationRNC campaign   —    whose goal is to have the Republican National Convention defund Planned Parenthood in the Republican National Convention defund Planned Parenthood 2016 platform   —    will fly [The #OperationRNC campaign  —   whose goal is to have the Republican National Convention defund Planned Parenthood in its 2016 platform  —    banners over downtown Cleveland July 13 to 21 for three hours daily , weather permitting .   Mark Harrington , national director of Created Equal , is leading # OperationRNC . The organization will be present in Cleveland , running a series of rallies and public outreach events in the days leading up to the convention . Republican platform delegates are gathering in Cleveland Monday and Tuesday to finalize the language in the party ’s platform . " Created Equal will increase the presence of these horrifying pictures of abortion leading up to the convention , July 18 through 21 , " says Harrington . " Our goal is to send a strong signal to the RNC to rescue the unborn   —    beginning with a commitment to defund Planned Parenthood . " " There ’s been a lot of debate about the platform   —    whether there will be any changes , " Harrington Harrington Breitbart News in an interview . " Not just on the    issue , but homosexual marriage , LGBT issues , and so on . So , until it ’s written , we ’re obviously concerned . " " The presumptive nominee has been unclear in some ways on his The presumptive nominee regarding abortion , and so , we ’re going to keep the pressure on , " Harrington Harrington . " What we we is a provision and a plank to defund Planned Parenthood and redirect the half a billion dollars that ’s given to Planned Planned Parenthood federally accredited health services or health clinics around the country . " While Donald Trump has said he has Donald Trump from being    to    and that he would Donald Trump Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood organization continues to provide abortions , he has also Donald Trump the abortion business for helping " millions and millions " of women . He has also Donald Trump he would consider Donald Trump the RNC platform to include exceptions to abortion for rape and incest . # OperationRNC wants to see the $ 540 million in taxpayer funding   —    currently given to Planned Parenthood   —    redirected to 13 , 000 federally licensed health clinics which provide true comprehensive women ’s health care . Rep. Diane Black ( ) a member of the House ’s Select Investigative Panel on Infant Lives which has been investigating Planned Parenthood , Planned Parenthood year , " For every one Planned Parenthood facility , Planned Parenthood 20 federally qualified health centers . Planned Parenthood is trying to Planned Parenthood message out there that if they went away , all these Planned Parenthood would n’t have care . " A report on Black ’s website notes that FQHCs " provide women with the same preventative services offered by Planned Parenthood , plus the many Planned Parenthood do not offer : mammograms , women care , treatment of diabetes , hypertension , arthritis , depression , etc . " " In states where the state legislature has defunded Planned Parenthood ,    women are still able to access the same preventative services offered by Planned Parenthood in addition to many others Planned Parenthood FQHCs as well as community health centers , " the report continues . " These health care providers far outnumber the number of Planned Parenthood locations , which are primarily located Planned Parenthood urban areas . " Another    banner will fly over the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia bearing the message " Defend UNborn Children . " The Democrat Party and its presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton have fully embraced abortion The Democrat Party Planned Parenthood in the party platform , vowing to Planned Parenthood on taxpayer funding of abortion . Clinton has said unborn babies have no constitutional rights . Hillary Clinton 