On Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump talked about the difficulty of getting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump message out through a media clearly biased in favor of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump opponent . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump described media bias as one element of a corrupt system , which had to be heavily rigged merely to keep Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail , instead of answering indictments in a federal court . [ " So we have some things that are   —    we have the right points , and the press has been unbelievably unfair to we , " Trump said . " You know , when you talk about different things , a lot of things they just make up . You ’ll make a statement that is a perfect statement , and they ’ll find a way to take that statement , chop that statement up , and make that statement bad . that statement ’s incredible , actually . that statement ’s incredible . "   Trump noted the press has given very little coverage to scandals like Clinton ’s involvement in the sale of twenty percent of America ’s uranium to Russia , even though Trump said that " there has never been anything like it . " " To me , that ’s one of the worst things , and I do n’t know , it that does n’t seem to get picked up by anybody , " he me . " They do n’t pick up a lot of things . They They n’t pick up all the things that came out yesterday . Now , one thing I will say : the WikiLeaks seem to be getting worse and worse . Do you agree with that ? I mean , it seems like the initial ones were bad , but they the initial ones to be getting worse and worse . "   " You know , one that you may disagree with me me but to me me was very important : when Donna Brazile had the answers to the debate , or the questions to the the debate and she Donna Brazile them the initial ones Hillary Clinton . And Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton the initial ones and did n’t turn them the initial ones . I thought that was incredible , " Trump exclaimed .   " That was , in terms of honor   —    so Donna Donna Brazile the questions to the debate , the debate gave Donna Brazile questions to Hillary Clinton   —    this came out in WikiLeaks also , as you know   —    and Hillary Clinton , instead of Hillary Clinton ‘ I ’m sorry , I ca n’t use these’ and turning them in , Hillary Clinton used them and only Hillary Clinton because of them . I thought that was a WikiLeaks one , to be honest with you , " he said . Trump said media collusion Hillary Clinton Clinton cheating are part of his complaint Hillary Clinton a " rigged election Trump " " It ’s voter fraud , too . But it ’s also the media . And It ’s also the fact that she It even allowed to run , Trump he argued . " Hey , look Trump the FBI looked at many , many criminal events , including the deletion of 33 , 000 emails after she got a subpoena . She got Trump subpoena . She got Trump subpoena from the United Trump Congress , and then after getting the subpoena , she probably said , a subpoena , Trump got ta get rid of this stuff.’ They deleted 33 , 000 emails . I mean , if you look at nothing else , I usually use that because it ’s so simple . You know , that ’s like , simple . " " Nobody ’s allowed to do that , " Trump pointed out . " And the private server , that came off the private server . I ’ll tell you the private server emails contained boffo information . Those emails , they have got things on there that those emails —    those emails them to do that , and then ‘ bleach’ the emails those emails a very expensive process , on top of it . Get rid of her iPhones with a hammer    …      even getting rid    the phones , and they smashed them with a hammer . " Breitbart News Daily the phones on the phones Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 