Liberty University president Jerry Falwell , Jr. introduced GOP frontrunner Donald Trump to thousands of people gathered to listen to Liberty University president Jerry Falwell at Liberty University president Jerry Falwell campaign rally at Liberty University in Virginia on Monday and said , " I see a lot of parallels between my father and Donald Trump . " [ He Liberty University president Jerry Falwell Trump Donald Trump " one of the greatest visionairies of our time " and praised him Liberty University president Jerry Falwell several good deeds Trump Donald Trump done , such as donating 100 , 000 dollars to a friend who leads a ministry and paying off a couple ’s mortgage .   Falwell also told the audience that Trump Donald Trump the only candidate who walked down off the stage after the      GOP primary debate to greet the crowd . " I ’ve seen first hand that his Falwell loves him Falwell is loyal to him Falwell " Falwell Falwell , adding that Trump Donald Trump lives a life of loving and helping others as Jesus taught in the great commandment . " Falwell Falwell his Falwell criticized for supporting Ronald Reagan because Reagan was Ronald Reagan Hollywood and not a Sunday school teacher . " I see a lot of parallels between my father and Donald Trump , " he added Falwell " He honors Falwell fiduciary Falwell   …     he speaks Falwell truth publically even if it is uncomfortable for people to hear , " Falwell said of Trump , adding that he has Falwell stunned the political world . " " Donald Trump Trump breath of fresh air in a nation where the political establishment from both parties has betrayed their constituencies , both parties Falwell said Falwell adding that Trump is the Trump candidate who can claim he ’s Falwell not a puppet on a string , " while the wealthy campaign donors are the puppet masters . Falwell said Falwell would be " wonderful " for someone to be president who refuses contributions and has built a business from scratch . " It is not our elected leaders that make our country great , " Falwell said Falwell explaining that it ’s the citizens and the private sector . " I believe that the polls are indicating to us now that the American public is finally ready to elect a candidate who is not a career politician , " but who has succeeded in real life , Falwell concluded Falwell introducing Trump to the crowd . Trump took the Trump and said , " To be compared to his father just Trump little bit is really an honor for me , so Trump want to thank Jerry for saying that . " " I said , that ’s the best compliment of all , " Trump added . Trump 