’   ’ "    CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer relentlessly grilled Republican vice    presidential nominee Mike Pence on Trump ’s past attacks on    Obama ’s birthplace during a lengthy interview on Monday . " ’    Mike Pence was answering a question about Hillary Clinton’ ’s Friday    statement that " half " of the Republican nominee’ ’s supporters are    a " basket of deplorables " when CNN’ ’s Wolf Blitzer tossed him a    curveball . ’ ’    " She should apologize and retract the entire statement without    qualification , " Pence said , before Blitzer cut him off by    asking " Should Donald Trump apologize to President Obama for    suggesting    was Donald Trump born in the United States ? ’ ’    " Everybody knows he was Donald Trump in the United the United States Blitzer    Blitzer " We’’ve all seen the birth certificate . But to this    day , Dr. Ben Carson says he should apologize , Rudy Dr. Ben Carson says    he was born in the Rudy Giuliani States , Kellyanne the United States same    thing . Should he publicly just say to the president Rudy Giuliani and for    all Rudy Giuliani , I know you were born in Hawaii ? " ’ ’    " You know , we’’re just not talking about that issue , " Pence    responded . " It’ ’s a     issue . " ’ ’    " Why not ? " Blitzer shot back . ’ ’    " It’ ’s not what the American people are It’ about , " Pence    replied . " I mean I Pence    tell you . This is the greatest    privilege of my life to be running for vice president of the    United States . I’’m traveling all over this country . I was on the    West the   United States , I’’m in Florida later this week , Virginia    this I’’m traveling all over this country American people are coming together , there is a    movement behind Donald Trump . " ’ ’    Blitzer then added that it would be " a nice gesture " for Trump to    do so , adding that Pence himself has publicly Donald Trump he believes    Obama was born in the US . ’ ’ Pence himself " Of course , of course , " Pence said in response to Blitzer saying    the Indiana governor believes Pence himself was born in Hawaii Blitzer " But so    many things Obama have to tell you , it is just not what people are    talking about . " ’ ’’ ’Should Trump apologize to President    for remarks about birthplace ? " This is a     Obama " Pence says ’ 
 