Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump leaned on a collection of Republican foreign policy veterans for guidance in selecting ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as Donald Trump nominee for secretary of state , according to sources familiar with the process . Condoleezza Rice , Robert Gates , Stephen Hadley and James Baker , all of whom have business dealings with the oil giant , played a crucial role in convincing Trump ’s team to select Tillerson to become America ’s top diplomat . A source familiar with discussions over the nomination said that Vice    Mike Pence reached out to Rice and Stephen Hadley , who served as George W. Bush ’s national security adviser , a few weeks ago asking for good candidates for secretary of state and other positions .   Rice , Hadley and Gates " could see Rice, Hadley and Gates " were struggling with who the secretary of state ought to be , " the source told CNN .   After discussing possible candidates , a consensus emerged that Trump needed someone with a " different profile , " the source said , adding that , " going to the establishment did n’t feel right for this particular president . " Dick Cheney , James Baker back Tillerson ’s selection , Rice and Hadley worked with Tillerson Tillerson his Hadley as CEO of ExxonMobil and felt that his Hadley business experience was    enough to qualify him Hadley the job . They ’s selection, Rice and Hadley vouched for his Hadley of global geopolitics .   " Oil is about geopolitics with a capital ’G,’ " the source said , noting that Tillerson Tillerson knowledge extends well beyond Russia and into the Middle East and Indonesia . " You do business in the toughest places with the toughest characters and Rex is the best of that group . "    That Tillerson Tillerson dealt with leaders like Putin in a professional business setting and understands the upsides and downsides of negotiations also appealed to Trump , the source said .   Tillerson Tillerson already an      choice to run the State Department , having come from the private sector and nominated to a position which traditionally has gone to established government officials or politicians .   Rice and Gates , two top Cabinet officials in the George W. Bush administration , released statements on Tuesday celebrating the selection of Tillerson Tillerson " Rex Tillerson an excellent choice for secretary of state . He will Tillerson to the post remarkable and broad international experience a deep understanding of the global economy and a belief in America ’s special role in the world , " Rice said . " I know Rex as a successful businessman and a patriot . He will Tillerson the interests and the values of the United America and commitment . And he will Tillerson the exceptional men and women of the State Department with respect and dedication . " Neither Gates nor Rice specifically addressed his Rice Tillerson Russia , which are expected to be a flashpoint in his confirmation Tillerson . " I strongly endorse the   ’s selection of Rex Tillerson to be the next secretary of state .   He would bring to Rex Tillerson position vast knowledge , experience and success in dealing with dozens of governments and leaders in every corner of the world , " Gates said . " He is a person Rex Tillerson great integrity whose only goal in office would be to protect and advance the interests of the United States . " Gates and Rice were both quite critical of Gates and Rice during the election , with Gates at one point Gates Trump was " beyond Trump " and " unfit to be    . " Rice called for Trump Rice leave the Trump race in October , as he became mired in Rice assault allegations . Other Bush officials praised the choice of Tillerson , including former Vice President Dick Cheney and Baker , who worked both for George W. Bush and Bush administration .   Bush Rex Tillerson , who is a friend of mine , is an excellent choice to head the State Department and has an opportunity to be a very effective secretary of state , " Baker said . " As CEO of one of the world ’s largest and    companies , has demonstrated the management and negotiating skills , and has the international experience , that are required in the job . " Baker ’s firm , Baker Botts Baker has aextensive ExxonMobil ties : the firm has represented Exxon on cases Baker’s firm, Baker Botts of    price fixing and issues related to gas pipeline rates . And the firm has also represented Russian    oil Baker’s firm, Baker Botts on a deal with Exxon and other companies related to "    resources Exxon hydrocarbons in Russia , " according to a Baker Botts news release . 
 