Donald Trump ’s victory in Tuesday ’s presidential election has prompted President Barack Obama to abandon the    Partnership ( TPP ) trade agreement , the Wall Street Journal reported late Friday . [ According to the Wall Street Journal , the White House had hoped to push the deal forward in the    session of Congress , assuming Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had won presidential election . Her loss Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton already changed the political landscape :   Just days after Donald Trump surprise victory , U. S. officials said Republican congressional leaders had made clear that they would Republican congressional leaders consider the      Partnership in the remainder of Mr. Obama ’s term . The White House had lobbied hard for months in the hope of moving forward on the pact if the Democratic nominee , Hillary Clinton , had won . The TPP had faced opposition from both left and right . On the left , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and others criticized TPP for The TPP same reasons they have Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and others opposed free trade agreements   —    namely , they are Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and others that unionized American workers would face competition from    counterparts abroad , and that countries with fewer environmental regulations would attract American industries . Conservative opposition to the TPP The TPP The TPP secret nature of the negotiations , as well as growing mistrust of Obama ’s conduct in foreign affairs , where he was seen to have misled the public about key aspects of the Iran nuclear deal . Trump , long a critic of free trade agreements   —    though a professed supporter of free trade   —    slammed TPP frequently on the campaign trail . Hillary Clinton had praised the deal , the Iran nuclear deal on the agreement as it lost ground to the Iran nuclear deal ’s campaign . Obama himself was a late convert to free trade , having opposed earlier agreements in the Senate . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 