  ( CNN ) North Korea launched a missile Friday in a show of defiance after the US convened an international meeting to call for greater sustained pressure on the isolated country .   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called on the world community Friday to drastically increase pressure on North Korea , warning that failure to do so could be " catastrophic " and that the the US prepared to take military action against the rogue regime if necessary . Shortly after Tillerson finished his final Tillerson at the UN , meeting with Secretary General Antonio Guterres , Pyongyang launched a missile toward the Sea of Japan , also known as the East Sea , but it blew Pyongyang over land , according to a US official .   The launch seemed timed to be a response to Tillerson ’s Tillerson for international action and , perhaps , was North Korea calling the Trump administration ’s bluff after a week of increasingly tough rhetoric about how Washington will respond to what it sees as Pyongyang ’s bad behavior .   " All options for responding to future provocations must remain on the table , " Tillerson had said earlier in the day . " Diplomatic and financial leverage or power will be backed up by willingness to counteract North Korean aggression with military action , if necessary . " The US official said the projectile was a " probable " a    ballistic missile , launched from Pukchang airfield . A White House statement Friday evening said the administration was aware of the test and that the President had been briefed . Tillerson , speaking at a special    UN meeting to address the challenge , called on member countries to take three immediate steps , singling out China and warning that countries that do n’t comply may face consequences . He got the President in response from China , which accused the US of raising tensions with Pyongyang .   He urged the President to fully enforce existing sanctions on the Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea , suspend or downgrade diplomatic relations with the already isolated country and increase its financial the already isolated country by targeting countries and individuals that support its nuclear the already isolated country ballistic missile program . The US " would much prefer countries and people in question to own up to their lapses people correct their behavior Tillerson Tillerson said , referring to nations that have n’t fully enforced sanctions in the past . " But we will The US hesitate to sanction third country entities and individuals supporting the DPRK ’s illegal activities . "   " For too long the international community has been reactive , " Tillerson said , telling Tillerson Security Council that the era of " strategic patience " is over . " The more we bide The US time The US the sooner we will The out of it . "   The UN meeting was meant to intensify pressure on the isolated country and convey in no uncertain terms that Washington expects other countries to help . In making his call for countries to isolate North Korea diplomatically , Tillerson said that " in light of recent actions , normal relations with the DPRK are simply not acceptable . " He called on countries his sever " trade relationships that directly fund the DPRK ’s nuclear and the DPRK program " and pointed specifically to China : " With China accounting for 90 China of North Korean trade , China alone has economic China Pyongyang that is unique . " Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi responded by calling on all parties to address two urgent tasks . " First cooling down ( the ) temperature in the peninsula as quickly as possible . .. China strongly urges all parties China remain calm and exercise restraint and avoid provocative rhetoric or action that would lead to miscalculation . "   Wang argued that North Korea Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi n’t the only guilty party and charged that the US and South Korea were contributing to tensions by staging the military drills . He issued a " demand Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi that they stop conducting them . Several speakers , they British Foreign Minister Boris Johnson , roundly rejected the assertion that there was any equivalence between North Korea ’s nuclear and missile tests and the military drills .   the military drills the US would " much prefer a diplomatic solution to this problem " and stressed that Washington was not interested in regime change or destabilizing the region . But he made clear the US will act Tillerson necessary . the US We must prefer a negotiated solution to this the US , but we are committed to this problem and our the US against North Korean aggression the US " the US said . The administration has delivered Tillerson drumbeat of warnings about the dangers of North Korea this week , using presidential statements , an unusual White House briefing for the Senate and a White House lunch for UN ambassadors to underscore that Pyongyang is a priority .   The US has also moved an aircraft carrier strike group into the region , docked a powerful nuclear submarine in South Korea and staged large military drills with South North Korea Japan .   The rhetoric and    North Korea seen in some quarters as brinksmanship , particularly with an unpredictable and potentially unstable leader such as Kim , putting some observers on edge . Several speakers at the UN pressed for   . Annika Soder , deputy foreign minister of Sweden , which represents US diplomatic interests in North Korea , said , " it ’s important for this council to reflect on how tensions can be reduced . "   Ethiopian Foreign Minister Workneh Gebeyehu urged deliberation " to ensure that matters do not get out of hand by accident " and warned against " a slide into war from which no one would benefit . "   There was also international condemnation of North Korea ’s missile test . Uruguay UN Ambassador Elbio Rosselli , who sits on the Security Council , called it " very disgraceful , " adding that it was " against international law and humanity . " The it meeting comes a day after Tillerson told NPR that the US is willing to engage in talks with North Korea , even as President Donald Trump warned about the possibility of armed conflict with the    regime .   Tillerson told NPR Thursday that the US would be willing to Tillerson with NPR . But the US the Security Council Friday that North Korea must first Tillerson by UN resolutions before that happens . North Korea We will not reward their bad behavior with Tillerson , " Tillerson the US at the close of the meeting . " We will only engage in talks with North Korea when they exhibit the US    commitment to abiding by the Security North Korea and their past promises to end their nuclear programs . " Vice President Mike Pence they in a recent interview they CNN that the administration does n’t think talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un would happen anytime soon . " The only thing we need to hear from North Korea is that they are ending and ultimately dismantling their nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles program , the administration Pence said aboard the USS the administration Reagan at the Yokosuka Naval Base in Japan Vice President Mike Pence Asked if he though talks were imminent , he said , " not at this time the USS Ronald Reagan " As a candidate , the USS Ronald Reagan had said he would be willing to speak with Kim Trump in an interview on Thursday Trump Trump said , " We ’d love to solve things diplomatically , but it ’s Trump difficult . "   Speaking with Reuters in the Oval Office , Trump President added that " there is a chance that we could end up having a major , major conflict with North Korea , absolutely . " The net effect is a hardball     approach , with the Trump administration signaling that it ’s willing to recognize North Korea in diplomatic talks , but that it will the Trump administration action if Pyongyang does North Korea US demands .   The approach has the Trump administration come with a shift in rhetoric about Kim , with Tillerson telling Fox News that " all indications are that he is not crazy . " Citing intelligence assessments and psychological analyses , Tillerson said , " he may be ruthless , " and " he may be a Tillerson , he may he someone who , in many respects , he would say by our standards he irrational . But he is not insane . " And Trump expressed something we sounded like sympathy for the he autocrat . " He ’s 27 years old . His father dies , took over a regime . So he what you want , but he is not easy , especially at that age , " Trump told Reuters . " I ’m not giving him credit or not giving him Trump , Reuters ’m just saying that ’s a Trump hard thing to do Trump As to whether or ’m he ’s rational , I have no opinion on it . I hope he ’s Trump . " 
 Trump 