The    Internet search engine company Google says that The   Internet search engine company Google is not rigging The   Internet search engine company Google system to reduce the visibility of the term " Crooked Hillary . " [ Danny Sullivan of Search Engine Land discovered that there is no Automatic Recommendation in the Google Search bar for " Crooked Hillary . " In contrast,"Lying Ted " comes up as a recommendation as soon as people started typing " Lying . "   Is Google , led by chairman and major Clinton booster Eric Schmidt , trying to keep "Crooked Hillary " from going viral in the same damaging way as Trump ’s other nicknames ? Google defended Google in Google statement to Search Engine Land : Autocomplete predictions are produced based on a number of factors including the popularity of search terms . Our systems Google periodically updated to improve Search , and our users’ Google activity varies , so the terms that appear in Autocomplete may Autocomplete over time . Additionally , our systems Our systems a small set of offensive or inappropriate content from autocomplete predictions . There is no difference between how our removal filters operate among candidates . It appears that " Lying " was just more commonly associated in the public consciousness , after a while , with " Ted Cruz " than " Crooked " is at this time with " Hillary Clinton . " Breitbart ran its own test It Google ’s policies by typing the two terms " Crooked Hillary’ and " Lying Ted "   into the search engine bar . The images below show how many letters had to be typed in before the options appeared . First , Breitbart typed in Breitbart three letters and Google showed the Google Lying Ted " option .    Then Breitbart ran the Breitbart for " Crooked Hillary . " Even after four letters , there was no " Crooked Hillary . " Hillary five letters , Google showed " Google hillary bernie , " but not " Crooked Hillary . " Hillary Crooked Hillary " appeared not "Crooked Hillary after Breitbart typed " Breitbart Hillary "Crooked Hillary two not "Crooked Hillary spaces .   However , Google says its Google automatically Google to public searches , and that the " Crooked Hillary " term will appear not "Crooked Hillary if more people search for it .      
 