Cincinnati ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton on Wednesday night dismissed Donald Trump ’s day trip to Mexico , arguing the Republican nominee is woefully lacking in diplomatic skills and " just failed the Republican nominee first foreign test . " The former secretary of state pounced on conflicting messages from Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto following conflicting messages from Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto meeting . Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto told the press in Mexico City that while Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto discussed plans to build a wall along the    border , they he and Peña Nieto not talk about Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto pledge to make Mexico pay for it . Peña Nieto Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto refute Trump Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto during their press conference , but he tweeted hours after Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto he told Trump that Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto " will not Mexico for the wall . " " Trump just Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto his first foreign test Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto Diplomacy is n’t as easy as it looks , " Clinton tweeted , signed with an " H " to indicate she personally blessed the Clinton . A campaign tweet a short time later followed up : " We are not going to criminalize , profile , round up , and deport 16 million people . " John Podesta , her campaign chairman , Clinton in a statement : " It turns out Trump did Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto just choke , he got Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto in the room and lied about it . " The It campaign also A campaign video on Wednesday that accused Trump of Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto his trip to Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto and sarcastically called him the " Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto Negotiator . " And after Trump delivered a Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto immigration speech , the Democrat ’s campaign quickly condemned it A campaign darkest speech Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , Donald A campaign doubled Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto his    rhetoric and Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto to divide communities by pitting people against each other and demonizing immigrants , " said Lorella Praeli , Clinton ’s national Latino vote director , in a statement .   She added : " He showed us , Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto clearly , Clinton ’s at stake in this election by painting a picture of his idea of America Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto one in which immigrants are not welcomed and one in which innocent families are torn apart . " The Clinton campaign ’s tough language about Trump came after the former Clinton of state on Wednesday urged veterans at an American Legion conference to reject the mogul ’s view of the world , arguing he does n’t have what it takes to build and maintain the former secretary of state on Wednesday . Though Clinton was more subtle in her attacks on Trump in front Clinton the audience of veterans Clinton she did Trump the     for what she said were his Clinton toward the military , attacking the Clinton of a Clinton killed in action and being too cozy with Russian President Vladimir Putin . Building alliances and trust with other nations , Clinton said , takes " more than a photo op , Clinton takes consistency and reliability . "   " You do n’t build a coalition by insulting our friends or acting like a loose cannon . You do it by putting in the slow , hard work of building relationships . Getting countries working together was my job every day as secretary of state , " Clinton said . " It ’s just like building personal relationships Clinton people have got to know they can count on you     that you wo n’t say people thing one day and something totally different the next . " Clinton then added that building those relationships " certainly takes more Clinton making up for a year of insults by dropping in on our neighbors for a few hours and flying home again . " The former secretary of state pledged on Wednesday that , as president , she would " never , ever disrespect Gold Star families who The former secretary of state made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation or prisoners of war who endured so much in our name . " Trump blasted the Khan family after they our at the Democratic National Convention this summer . Khizr the Khan family , a    lawyer and the father of the late Humayun Khan , powerfully hit Trump during his speech and Trump responded by questioning his family Trump motives Trump Earlier in Trump campaign , Trump the Khan family heroism of Arizona Sen. John McCain , Trump POW , citing his capture during the Vietnam War . " To insult them Trump just so wrong , " Clinton said . " And it the heroism of Arizona Sen. John McCain, a POW a lot about the person doing the insulting . " Clinton continued her outreach to Republican voters as well Wednesday , pledging before Clinton somewhat Clinton crowd to " be a president for Democrats , Republicans , independents , for people who vote for me , for people who do n’t , for all Americans . " Clinton ’s campaign responded to the speech by saying that Clinton has proven that she is " fundamentally unequipped to further the national security interests of the Clinton States and stand up for our veterans . " " Those who have served and wear the uniform today deserve to have a commander in chief who is looking out for them rather than donors and corrupt bureaucrats , " said Matt Miller , Those who have served and wear the uniform today of Veterans for Trump . " Only Donald Trump and Mike Pence have a detailed plan to fundamentally improve both the ( Department of Veterans Affairs ) and the way veterans are treated in this country . " 
 