’   ’ ’      Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin    went back and forth making public statement about   this week , days after    President Barack Obama   to warn Russia against    continued hacking . ’ ’    And on Wednesday ,   almost all    communication channels between Moscow and the US were frozen . ’ ’    While it seemed tensions were high between the two    countries , the incoming Trump administration seemed to be looking    to soothe relations with the Kremlin . And Putin    appeared open to that possibility . ’ ’    At Putin       press conference on Friday , Putin    said Putin       believed that " a substantial part of the American people share    similar views with us on the world’ ’s organization , what us ought    to be doing , and the common threats and challenges us are    facing . " Putin    noted that shared values could provide a " good    foundation " to " build relations between two such powerful    countries . " ’ ’    Putin    also   which    Trump fawned over in a statement issued Friday . ’ ’’ ’    In the letter , Putin    extended Putin    " warmest Christmas and New    Year greetings " to " Putin    excellency Donald Trump " and offered    " sincere wishes to you and your family of sound health ,    happiness , well being , success , and all the best . " ’ ’    It all seemed to indicate an opening for increased    diplomacy between the US and Russia despite recent tensions . ’ ’    " At Putin’ ’s    conference today he struck a softer tone on    a number of issues   —    nukes , Ukraine , etc . , " Boris Zilberman , a    Russia expert at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies ,    told Business Insider in an email . ’ ’    "   Trump also signaled a willingness to reassess    the relationship between DC and Moscow in Trump release of Putin’ ’s    letter , " What will be important to    watch is the way in which both sides approach both sides very real and    very thorny issues in the relationship   —    which Putin said at Putin    conference currently ’’ can’’t be worse . ’’ " ’ ’    Putin saying that current relations " can’’t be worse " seems to    indicate a hope for improvement . ’ ’    " Starting at such a low point presents an opportunity   —    through    small verifiable confidence building measures   —    to explore how    these deep conflicts in the relationship might be addressed , "    Zilberman said . " The warmer tone from the incoming White House    and the Kremlin are a play to explore those possibilities . " ’ ’    Nuclear proliferation might end up being a key issue in      relations going forward . ’ ’    On Thursday , Putin boasted about the strength of Putin military ,    claiming    was more powerful than any potential    aggressor . Trump tweeted hours later the US must    " expand the US nuclear capability " until " the world comes to the US    senses . " ’ ’    And on Friday , Trump went even further . MSNBC host Mika    Brzezinski said that when Trump asked Brzezinski if Brzezinski    tweet might spur other countries to increase other countries    nuclear arsenals ,   ’ "    While most experts agreed that Trump ’s statements about nuclear    proliferation were dangerous , the Kremlin might actually be    happy to rise to the challenge . " ’    " I think Mr. Putin will be delighted , " James Acton ,      of the nuclear policy program at the Carnegie Endowment for    International Peace , told Business Insider on Friday . ’ ’    " Mr. Putin has for a long time called for strengthening Russia’ ’s    nuclear deterrent remaining within the limits of arms control .    But this is fantastic from Mr. Putin perspective because this legitimizes    a lot of the dangerous and destabilizing action he’’d like to do    with Russia’ ’s nuclear arsenal . " ’ ’    A supposed military challenge from America could play well    domestically in Russia , Acton said . ’ ’    " From his own perspective , that’ ’s not such a bad thing , Acton Acton " The Putin regime in recent years has been founded upon     . A threat from America is a useful thing for him    to Putin domestically . " ’ ’    At the end of the day , Trump " is clearly [ Putin’ ’s ] man in    the White House , " Acton said . Acton ’    " Russia ’s position for the next few months is going to be to not    wind up Trump , to Trump " to get a level relationship with him , " Trump " Acton said Acton Acton " a bromance is not a good relationship on    which to build    relations . " ’ 
 