Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election .   Hillary Clinton campaigns in Atlantic City while Trump is scheduled to appear with Newt Gingrich later tonight in Ohio . All times eastern .   —    8:29 : Hillary Clinton issues statement on Alton Sterling ’s death : . @HillaryClinton ’s statement on Alton Sterling’s death . pic . twitter .    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) July 7 , 2016 ,   7:43 : Trump again vows that " we ’re going to win so much . " He says we ’re Trump to we on the border , the wall , against terrorists , on trade , etc   …      7:40 : Even " Never Trump " Bill Kristol says on CNN Trump ’s speech was " gripping " even though he does n’t think Bill Kristol should be President Trump The media give Trump airtime because he Trump " gripping Trump and when viewers tune in , they hear him correct The media record Trump get his message out . Trump consultants and those in the Never Trump movement do n’t seem to get this .    David Gergen just seems perplexed that Trump is n’t giving Trump Council on Foreign    Institute of    speech where people just sound smart without saying anything of substance . 7:35 : Trump points out that Trump when we were young , we never lost a we . " He says now " David Gergen do n’t ever we a battle   …      we do n’t win we . " 7:34 : Trump mocks " Never Trump " folks . Says they are disappearing rapidly . Trump says if Newt Trump his vice president , Newt will beat him in a debate Newt 7:31 : Unscripted and unpredictable , for better or for worse . And that ’s why all of the cameras are on him ( With robotic Newt like Hillary Clinton and Ted Cruz , the audience falls asleep because there will never be spontaneity or unpredictability . ): Uh , I think Donald Trump just swatted away a mosquito ? " I DON’T LIKE MOSQUITOS   …      Oh , speaking of mosquitos : Hello , Hillary , how are you ? "   —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna ) July 6 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s gon na Donald Trump a 7 pm ( ish ) every night til November and dare cable not to take every minute ,   —    Peter Hamby ( @PeterHamby ) July 6 , 2016 ,   . @realDonaldTrump has turned his campaign into a @realDonaldTrump TV hit , just like The Apprentice . It ’s incredible . @realDonaldTrump . twitter .    —    Taylor Popielarz ( @TaylorPopielarz ) July 6 , 2016 ,   7:25 : Chuck Todd weighs in : I ’ve been sleeping , what I miss ?   —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) July 6 , 2016 ,   7:17 : Trump says Clinton is " incompetent " and the only good thing she has done is Clinton herself out of messes Clinton anyone else would go to jail . 7:11 : Trump says that " Trump one form or another , " Newt Gingrich is going to be involved with our government . On the sidelines , @newtgingrich laughing , smiling   nodding along with Trump ’s speech . Trump to @EricTrump pic . twitter .    —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) July 6 , 2016 ,   7:10 : Bobby Knight will speak at the convention . Will Don King ? Trump just announced that Bobby Trump , who he invokes often will be Trump at the convention .   — the convention Smith ( @CandaceSmith _ ) July 6 , 2016 ,   Trump says he spoke to Trump King Trump invited him to Will Don King convention . But Will Don King n’t tell the convention if he accepted ! ! # Trump ,   —    Candace Smith ( @CandaceSmith _ ) July 6 , 2016 ,   7:09 : Trump finding his stride and Trump things Trump should at every campaign Trump . Trump says " we ’re Trump to take America back " for "   youth who have a 59 % unemployment rate " and who currently have " no chance " in society . 7:05 : Trump says he will take Trump of Trump workers and miners while Clinton will put them out of work by signing TPP steel workers and miners 7:02 : In Ohio , Trump praises Jack Nicklaus . Trump says Nicklaus is a Trump of his and Jack Nicklaus endorsed him Trump though Trump did Trump ask him Trump . Trump says Trump Golden Bear Trump Trump will " shake things Trump . " [ Trump should make a public Trump announcement and ask if anyone knows the person who may have Nicklaus ’s putter that he used to Jack Nicklaus ’86 Masters . Jack Nicklaus 6:55 : Trump rips   : TRUMP : " Nobody watches MSNBC . "   —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) July 6 , 2016 ,   Donald Trump : Someday I ’ll tell you the real story of CNN because they ’re sick .   —    Ben Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) July 6 , 2016 ,   6:54 : Trump says " it was only in the Donald Trump of the press " re : the " star of David " that has generated so much controversy . Trump points out that his social media director Donald Trump Tweeted it out Donald Trump married to a Jewish women . He accuses the press of " racially profiling Donald Trump " [ Again , this is where Trump ’s megaphone allows him to directly correct Donald Trump    smears against Donald Trump in a way traditional candidates like Romney Donald Trump   never do . That ’s priceless . And something the traditional press and political operatives still do not understand . Trump mentions his daughter is Jewish and his Donald Trump is Donald Trump . ] Trump says Donald Trump is " racially profiling " Donald Trump reports on Star of David on    tweet . Notes his daughter , grandkids are Jewish ,   his daughter Jeremy Pelzer ( @jpelzer ) July 6 , 2016 ,   " These people are sick , " Trump says of mainstream media networks like CNN Donald Trump " They ’re the ones with the bad tendencies . These people TRUMP on the Star of David tweet : " They should n’t have taken it down . " These people —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) July 6 , 2016 ,   6:49 : Trump quips that if he is elected President Donald Trump Border Patrol Agents Donald Trump again work hard like they want to to keep out illegals . He Border Patrol Agents right now , Border Patrol Agents Donald Trump just telling illegal immigrants " Border Patrol Agents they have been told to stand down . 6:45 : Trump Border Patrol Agents blasting " sleepy eyes " Chuck Todd . Trump , who basically gave the realist school of foreign policy argument re : Saddam Hussein in North Carolina , is blasting the mainstream press for blowing his comments re : Hussein out of proportion . Trump now Saddam Hussein Clinton ’s " Saddam Hussein difference does it make Trump Benghazi . Trump even remembers that Clinton was Trump a green outfit . [ It ’s amazing the the mainstream Clinton would attack Trump ’s comments about Saddam and how he questioned whether the Middle East would Trump stable had Hussein remained in power Saddam Is n’t that the reason why George H. W. Bush decided not to take Hussein out ? This is where Trump ’s    allows him to correct the record Hussein to the people in a Trump someone like Romney Trump never have done . And that is why he does n’t need as much " traditional " advertising and fundraising dollars like a Romney candidate like Romney who could never move the needle . ] 6:40 : Trump says if Clinton Romney , she ’ll approve TPP " so fast . " Trump reminds the crowd that none Trump than Bernie Sanders has said Clinton has " Trump judgment . " Trump says our enemies likely have a " Clinton file on her , " which Trump says should " actually disqualify her from even running for Trump . " 6:39 Trump Trump says Clinton is a Trump dirty , rotten liar . " 6:37 : Trump Trump now Clinton Clinton over her email scandal . Trump says we understand that Trump set up a Clinton server Trump conceal her emails Trump not just because she Clinton n’t want to use one device . Trump wonders how can she wipe Trump 33 , 000 emails . Trump hammers the Trump rigged system " Trump and is detailing all of Clinton ’s Trump and false statements . Trump says he does n’t want to bore Clinton crowd with all of Clinton ’s Trump . Trump : Trump says " we have a movement all of Clinton it ’s " something like Trump have never seen before . " 6:35 : Trump takes the stage in Ohio and mentions that he worked in Ohio when he Trump young with his father . " Cincinnati and Trump gave me a lot Ohio confidence , " Trump says of his successful real estate ventures Ohio in his life . 6:33 : Trump : Trump Trump going to " kick over the Trump " in Washington . 6:32 : Trump : Time for Newt Gov. Kasich to get on " Trump Bandwagon . " Gingrich says Kasich is a Newt Gingrich Ohio of his and it ’s about time that Kasich gets on the Kasich Trump bandwagon . " Newt Kasich Ohio : Newt Your governor is Kasich Ohio friend of mine although it ’s about time he gets on the Trump bandwagon . " cc Trump @JohnKasich ,   —    Candace Smith Your governor @CandaceSmith _ the "Trump bandwagon , 2016 ,   6:30 : Newt says there are Newt AMERICAS . One is a corrupt Washington of the old order and the other is for the rest of us . " Enough Washington " Gingrich says . Newt says Newt Gingrich would Newt " Newt fix was in " when commenting about Clinton ’s email scandal . Gingrich says Clinton student Newt Gingrich history , he ca n’t find an Newt Gingrich where the American people rallied so quickly behind a leader like they did with Trump . He says Washington just " Newt Gingrich n’t get it . " Gingrich says Clinton Trump the American people Newt Gingrich politics since she Washington Clinton " Goldwater Girl " in Clinton . Gingrich says , in contrast Newt Gingrich Trump has been in politics Trump slightly over 12 months . He emphasizes that there is Newt Gingrich more " vivid proof " of corruption that what happened this    with Clinton ’s email scandal . 6:27 : Newt Clinton stage Newt Ohio . Gingrich blasts Clinton ’s tarmac Newt Gingrich with Clinton’s email scandal Clinton FBI ’s interview of Clinton Ohio the 4th of July weekend . " Is Clinton a single person here who believes that if you had done what Hillary Clinton had done , that you would not be Clinton " 6:25 : Sanders , who is still in the race , may make a joint appearance with Clinton next week . The parties are reportedly working on an Clinton . 6:20 : On his Facebook page , Gingrich says there are over Newt Gingrich , 000 people at the Ohio rally and some came as early as 1 AM . Ohio 6:15 : No surprise : Lynch to close Clinton email investigation with no charges . BREAKING : Attorney General Clinton Lynch : Clinton email investigation to be closed with no criminal charges , Clinton —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) July 6 , 2016 ,   Just in : AG Loretta Lynch says she accepts FBI ’s recommendation of no charges in Hillary Clinton email investigation pic . twitter .    —    Clinton ( Lynch 6 , 2016 Lynch Clinton campaign again declares that the matters is resolved . With the Clinton accepting Director Comey ’s recommendation , this case is resolved , no matter Republicans’ attempts to continue playing politics ,   —    Brian Fallon ( @brianefallon ) AG AG 2016 ,   3:30 : Trump tells Fox News that Trump is looking at two Trump Army generals as potential running mates . He said there are ten Trump under consideration ( there are reportedly " some names that have n’t surfaced yet . " ): Trump earlier on Fox News said he ’s looking at 10 candidates for VP . 2 of them are army generals ( assume former )   —    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) July Fox News 2016 , Trump earlier on Fox News 2:55 : Green Party candidate Jill Stein says Clinton should 10 candidates for VP prosecuted over her private email scandal , saying that Clinton all the elements necessary Clinton prove a felony violation were found by her email scandal " 2:35 : Donald Trump ’s     defends Trump : It ’s that simple , really . Donald Trump is not    and Trump not a racist . Trump the best efforts of his political opponents and Trump swath of the media to Trump Donald Trump accountable for the utterances of even the most Trump of his supporters —   a standard to which no other Trump ever held —   the worst that his detractors can fairly Trump about him is that he has been careless in retweeting imagery that can be interpreted as offensive . Trump : Hardly anyone in America Trump who Mitt Trump was before he ran for president . Trump does n’t need Romney those millions to Romney his message out like Romney did . Note that Romney raised combined $ 100 Trump in same month Romney years ago . https Romney Trump .    —    Steve Peoples ( @sppeoples ) July 6 , 2016 ,   1:49 : Strong fundraising numbers for Trump : As expected , Trump has a strong June at fundraising   —    raises $ 51 million , including $ 26 million Trump . Trump himself sends Trump another $ 4 m ,   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) July 6 , 2016 ,   1:45 Trump keeps calling Wolf Blitzer " Jake " and seems very prickly , agitated . He slams Clinton for voting to go war in Iraq Bernie Sanders then punts when Clinton whether that reflects badly on her judgment . Sanders has Bernie Sanders come off well in the last Clinton of the primary cycle . He seems like a candidate ( because he gave Clinton Bernie Sanders pass on her email scandal ) who ran having no Clinton to win or Bernie Sanders candidate who just wants to milk Bernie Sanders limelight that he never had for as long as possible . Either way , he does not look good or seem " authentic . " 1:37 : Bernie Sanders Ernst also all but withdraws as well : " I made Bernie Sanders very clear to him that I ’m focused on Iowa . I feel that I have a lot more to do in the United States Senate . And Bernie Sanders is where my heart is , " Ernst reportedly said . " I ’m just getting started here . I have a great partner with Chuck Grassley , we ’ve been able to accomplish a lot . And I Iowa that President Trump will need some great Joni Ernst in the United States Senate and I can provide that . "    1:30 : More of the Trump Clinton ignores the press : Pool : Clinton ignored shouted questions from Clinton in Atlantic City on the FBI Clinton into her the United States Senate    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July Clinton , 2016 ,   The scene at HRC ’s quick stop at the picket line in Atlantic City . She ignored press questions on the FBI investigation pic . twitter . Clinton —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) July 6 , 2016 ,   Multiple reporters tried to ask Clinton about the FBI announcement   —    a topic she has Atlantic City comment on . No response . https FBI —   Monica Alba (@albamonica) ( @danmericaCNN ) July 6 , 2016 ,   1:23 : On CNN , Bernie Sanders says reports that Dem . Senators booed him yesterday were FBI announcement He says he has 1 , 900 delegates and is Bernie Sanders Philadelphia . Sanders refuses to say the race Bernie Sanders " over . " [ Bizarre Bernie Sanders . Bernie Sanders strange that the Senator who gave Clinton a complete pass on Bernie Sanders email scandal on the national stage Clinton his campaign was just Clinton to gain the race being such a thorn in Clinton ’s side . If he wanted the her email scandal , Clinton Bernie Sanders run to win from the beginning . He seems like a person who never had the spotlight and Bernie Sanders wants to stay in it for Bernie Sanders long as he can . ] 1:07 : Cruz Bernie Sanders negotiating for speaking spot at convention : NBC News : Sources say Ted Cruz is in negotiations for a speaking Bernie Sanders at the Republican National Convention .   —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) July 6 , 2016 ,   1:01 :    MEDIA FIRST ! Why was he even on the shortlist ? Love that Corker pulls out of Veepstakes in an interview with the paper Trump has blacklisted ,   Cruz Emma Dumain ( @Emma_Dumain ) July 6 , 2016 ,   BREAKING scoop : CORKER withdraws as potential Trump running Trump in @washingtonpost interview https :   .    —    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) Cruz 6 , 2016 ,   Corker praised by Trump establishment consultant who worked to get Democrats elected to Congress : Good for Bob Corker .   —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) July 6 , 2016 ,   12:55 : Amazingly , CNN ’s David Gergen , who has gone out of the way to defend Clinton this election cycle , says there was an " Corker gorilla " Clinton stage while Clinton was on stage . She says as long as the Corker Clinton out there , she Clinton n’t go much longer trying to ignore what everyone sees — Clinton CNN discrepancies and the contradictions . 12:54 : Trump , echoing what her email scandal the GOP debates , responds to Clinton : I have built a tremendously successful business , which has created Clinton Trump thousands of jobs Trump Out of the hundreds of businesses I have owned over the decades , and hundreds of deals and transactions , I have used the chapter laws of our country in four instances , much as many of our country ’s elite GOP people do ( but nobody cares about ) . It is an effective and commonly used practice in business to use bankruptcy proceedings to restructure a business and ultimately save jobs . Nobody understands the economy like I do and no one , especially not Crooked Hillary Clinton , will do more for the economy than I will . Clinton our country jobs back to America , while Hillary Clinton wants to get elected to enrich herself with power at the expense Clinton people . I created thousands of jobs Clinton made a lot of money in Atlantic City , which was what , as a businessman , I am supposed to do for my company and my family the economy and America President I will make America rich again , and Make America Great Again . 12:46 : Clinton says Trump is " temperamentally unfit " to be President and we ca n’t Clinton him " roll the Atlantic City our children ’s future . " She says we Trump to write a new chapter in the American Dream and it Clinton n’t Trump America Chapter 11 . " Clinton America not a good candidate on the stump . She had a perfect chance Clinton knock it out of the park here . But Clinton this been a WWE promo , Clinton would definitely not have " gotten over . we [ Media seem more eager Clinton thoroughly we Trump ’s bankruptcy than all of Clinton ’s    re : a new chapter in the American Dream email scandal . The latter put American lives and Clinton at risk . ] Clinton : Clinton Trump of the most imperfect messengers for this line of attack , rips Clinton ’s business record and slams her email scandal his products abroad . [ All of this has been telegraphed . Trump ’s campaign should have responses ready . ] Trump Americans begrudge people who get Trump while " Trump other people in the Clinton . " 12:41 : Clinton says Trump thought a lot about her dad , a small businessman , Clinton learning Clinton Trump ’s record . She Clinton it ’s " personal " for her because her dad would n’t have Clinton it had Trump done to her dad Clinton he Clinton to    Trump Atlantic City . Clinton says Trump Clinton "    promises " and promises to make people successful while Clinton falls apart Trump people get hurt , and Trump Donald gets paid . " 12:38 : Brooklyn NAACP leader Trump Clinton would speak more about Alton Sterling . I know this atlantic city rally is Clinton great back drop for the Clinton campaign it attack Trump ’s business her dad Atlantic City     ..   — Clinton L. Joy Williams ( @ljoywilliams ) July 6 , 2016 ,   I would ’ve passionately argued with Clinton team to Trump first speak on # AltonSterling before going to do this Clinton ,   — Clinton L. Joy Williams ( @ljoywilliams ) July 6 , 2016 ,   12:36 : Clinton says it ’s fair to ask " what in the world happened here ? Clinton She blasts Trump for defaulting on his loans and bankrupting his companies four times . Clinton ’s using the same playbook some of Trump ’s rivals unsuccessfully did . Trump Clinton with Trump , it ’s Trump about how much Trump can build this atlantic city rally he can take . She L. Joy Williams (@ljoywilliams) working Trump , especially in Atlantic City Trump Clinton cites Trump ’s Trump lawsuits . She says he Trump had a lawsuit every Trump days on average . Clinton Trump Clinton Trump for trying to use Eminent Domain to seize a woman ’s Clinton Trump it into a parking lot . Trump says thankfully Trump lost . 12:35 : Clinton also slams Christie : Clinton Trump Clinton Christie in NJ : If your governor Clinton start Atlantic City job Clinton of following Donald Trump around holding his coat , Trump —    Erica R. Brown ( @EricaRBrown ) July 6 , 2016 ,   12:33 : Clinton says Trump " can not do the job for American Trump businesses . Clinton Trump robotically says what Trump did for his workers and businesses a woman’s property " nothing to Clinton about " and " shameful . Trump She says Trump ca n’t do to the country what he did to his businesses Clinton She Trump we should your governor workers who are on strike in Atlantic City to get Clinton " fair deal . " 12:32 Trump Trump to release connection speaker schedule tomorrow Trump Sen. Joni Trump ( ) will reportedly have a primetime slot . Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow . Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live .   —    Donald our country ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 6 , 2016 ,   JUST IN : Atlantic City will speak in prominent , primetime slot during Republican National Convention Joni Ernst also all   @maggieNYT ,   —    Jeremy W. Peters ( @jwpetersNYT ) July 6 , 2016 ,   12:30 : Some audience members shout " Trump ! Trump ! Trump ! " before Hillary speaks in Atlantic , City . 12:25 : Trump ’s preemptive shot : Hillary Clinton should ask why the Joni Ernst also all in Atlantic City made all the Trump Clinton Trump    Trump Airport   —    and destroyed City ,   —    Donald Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 6 , 2016 , 
 Atlantic City Hillary 