Christian Rickers , executive director of the Trumpocrats PAC , joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about Donald Trump ’s election and the future of Donald Trump’s movement . [ " Breitbart News Daily to talk about Donald Trump’s election and the future of his movement said all along that turnout among the black community was going to be less than all along that turnout among the black community was for Obama . The same thing with young people , saying it was going to be less than Obama , " Rickers said . " The intensity was very high on our side , and our were having a lot of Democrats switch over . So I thought that was a recipe all along for him pulling it out , and nobody else said it . "   him noted the mainstream media were not particularly interested when him said it , either , thanking Breitbart News for the kind of coverage the Trumpocrats could not get from MSM outlets . When Marlow asked where the Trumpocrats go from here , Rickers replied , " We ’re gon na keep it Rickers , We We gon na give Democrats a place to support and organize around policies that Donald Trump supports . "   " We ’re looking forward to the first hundred days , and we We going to try to push for Donald Donald Trump the tourniquet on the coal and oil industries , starting maybe an infrastructure bill to improve the roads , highways , airports , schools in the country , and , I hope , push for him to Donald Trump ahead and start renegotiating on these trade deals , so we can bring our jobs we , and bring some of these companies that are parking their assets our jobs and moving their companies our jobs Mexico , hopefully we can we that from continuing and bring some of them back our jobs " he continued Donald Trump Rickers was not surprised that the economically devastated Rust Belt states gave Trump the support he needed Donald Trump defeat Hillary Clinton . " Well , I mean , if people are n’t able to provide for their families people they used people   —    my dad worked for 34 years as an engineer for Norfolk Southern , driving coal trains in Virginia . He put my dad myself , my dad my brother , and my sister   —    all three   —    through college , and everything was good . Those jobs do n’t really exist any more , and you know he has my dad pension , most people who are working hard now have lost their benefits most people who are working hard now They ’ve Those jobs their pensions Those jobs A lot of them are Those jobs . They are A lot of them contract workers . And they are A lot of them pissed that we ca n’t do the things we used we do , " he said my dad " That has been bubbling up for many , many years , and it came to a head November 8 . " Rickers laughed when Marlow observed that the media were still running the same    playbook about how Trump supporters are a fringe movement motivated primarily by racism . " Well , they were completely wrong all along , " he pointed my dad . " They were they the champagne corks early in the day on Tuesday . I was watching Morning Joe and some of the other cable shows , and they were they as excited as they could they . By the end of the day , they were they looking at each other and did n’t have anything to say . And then the next day , and the next day , they were they every excuse in the book and blaming it on the book . I mean , who believes that half the people in this country are just pure racists ? This is just insane . "   " They ’re half the people in this country are just pure racists about the policies in this country this country he said of Trump voters . " They ’re mad Trump voters they ’re not Trump voters to provide for their families like Trump voters used to Trump voters I do n’t know how that translates into racism . It ’s really that , unseemly , and we need to start talking about positive things that we ’re going we do for this country , this country make up excuses every time something does n’t go their way . " Rickers predicted that Democrats would " go off and double down and say , ‘ We ’re going to Democrats Nancy Pelosi to lead the Democrats again in Congress . ’ " " I mean , what in the heck is going on ? The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result , " he said . " insanity ’s just laughable . Where are they going ? What is their vision for the they ? They ’re still looking they the rear view mirror . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 