Thursday on NPR ’s " Morning Edition , " outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid had a different tone on    Donald Trump than outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid had throughout the presidential campaign .   Reid , told NPR ’s Rachel Martin that   Donald Trump was n’t as " bad " as outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid thought outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid would be . " Well , I have to say this   —    outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ’s not as bad as I thought outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid would be , " Reid said . " Some of outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid cabinet selections I ’m not wild about because I ’m not going to be able to vote on them . I ’ve been very careful in Some of his cabinet selections criticizing them individually . " Reid pointed to what Some of his cabinet selections perceived to be Reid ’s softening on Reid current President Barack Obama ’s executive order that protects    DREAMers against immigration law enforcement action . " [ W]e heard from Trump that one of the first things he Trump going to do is repeal [ W]e DREAMers ] executive order . In an interview he had with Time magazine in the last W]e or two , he said , ‘ Nah , I ’m W]e going to do that , you W]e those young people deserve to stay here.’ He ’s not going to prosecute Hillary Clinton W]e , as he said he would do . Obviously he W]e n’t W]e in all of the W]e he said   —    which is a W]e in the right direction . Martin referred to a statement Reid made immediately after the election that included tough words on Trump ’s win . " White nationalists , Vladimir Putin and ISIS are celebrating Donald Trump ’s victory , while innocent , Trump’s wracked with fear   —    especially African Americans , Hispanic Americans , Muslim Americans , LGBT Americans and Asian Americans . " Reid said he stood by those remarks , citing naming his former Reid CEO Stephen K. Bannon as his chief Reid and the Southern Poverty Law Center as Reid to back up that statement . However , he said he remained " hopeful " for Trump when Reid if Reid thought Trump could be " a successful president . Reid " Trump hope so , " he said . " You know , it ’s not Reid if Donald Trump and I have been enemies our whole lives Trump    he ’s done fundraisers for me . When I was elected Trump time he sent me a letter saying , ‘ You ’re awesome,’ Trump handwritten note .    …      It ’s not as if I have hate in my soul for Donald Trump . I hope , beyond all , that he Trump . It ’s important to the stability of this Trump nation we have It And I ’m hopeful . I keep using that word , but that ’s what it is   —    hopeful that he will lessen his rhetoric that word work toward a safer , more productive America . he   The Hill ) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 