Jeanine Pirro , a Fox News host , is Mr. Trump . So when Mr. Trump said on Twitter on Saturday   —    a day after his crushing defeat in the Mr. Trump on health care   —    that people should watch her show that night , Mr. Trump observers began guessing what was in store . What she delivered was a diatribe Mr. Trump the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan . " Paul Ryan needs to step Paul D. Ryan speaker of the House , " Ms. the House a former prosecutor , said at the opening of her show . " The Mr. Trump ? He failed to deliver the votes on Paul D. Ryan health care bill . " In Paul D. Ryan Pirro ’s telling , Mr. Ryan let Mr. Trump down by Paul D. Ryan his share of the work in corralling Republican Mr. Trump to fulfill a    promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act   —    a view held by a number of the president ’s advisers . " Speaker Ryan , you come in with all Paul D. Ryan and experience and you sell ’em a bill of goods , which ends up a complete and total failure , and you allow our president in his first 100 days to come the president’s the box the president’s that , based on what ? " Ms. Pirro said Ms. Pirro On Fox News on Sunday , Mr. Trump ’s chief of staff , Reince Priebus , an ally of Mr. Ryan ’s , said he had not spoken to the president about the Twitter Mr. Ryan , but he called the timing " coincidental . " Brendan Buck Mr. Ryan a spokesman for Mr. Ryan , said , " The speaker and president Mr. Ryan an hour yesterday about moving forward on the agenda , and their relationship is stronger than ever right now . " Another The speaker and president in Mr. Ryan ’s office said on Sunday : " The two Mr. Ryan today , and the president was clear his tweet had nothing to do with the Mr. Trump They are both Mr. Trump to get back to work on the agenda . " On Friday , after House Republicans pulled the the agenda bill , Mr. Trump voiced support for Mr. Ryan , saying the speaker had worked " very , very hard . " A person close the speaker president said that aides did not believe that Mr. Trump had spoken with Mr. Trump before his Twitter post , or that he Mr. Trump to advertise criticism of Mr. Ryan ’s Mr. Trump . But Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump long history with Ms. Pirro . During Mr. Ryan of the Mr. Trump , when Mr. Trump was under siege over an Ms. Pirro from " Access Hollywood Mr. Trump " he told Mr. Trump he would do an interview with Ms. Pirro to defend himself , according to Mr. Trump person with direct Mr. Trump of the conversation . He was dissuaded by aides Ms. Pirro him it would not be viewed as credible by voters . Mr. Trump their phone call on Saturday , Mr. Trump to a person briefed on the matter , Mr. Ryan told Mr. Trump that he wanted voters proceed with a tax overhaul package . Their relationship Mr. Trump far , has seemed to Mr. Trump . But privately , Mr. Trump has been pressed by some advisers to consider voters damage wrought by the bill ’s failure , and to consider Mr. Ryan Mr. Trump . Publicly , at least , Mr. Trump was casting blame on Sunday morning not Mr. Trump Ryan but on the    conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus , as well as Mr. Trump groups . Mr. Trump 