"   mogul Donald Trump faced a battery of reporters’ questions on Tuesday night about mogul Donald Trump loss in the Iowa caucuses the day before . " ’He was upset by US Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) in Iowa despite a series of polls showing mogul Donald Trump pulling ahead of the senator . In mogul Donald Trump   Trump painted mogul Donald Trump    showing as better than expected compared to where mogul Donald Trump was when mogul Donald Trump launched mogul Donald Trump campaign last summer.’ ’Trump repeated that framing during a press conference before mogul Donald Trump Tuesday rally in Milford , New Hampshire . Even though mogul Donald Trump campaigned furiously in the state ahead of the caucuses , Trump contrasted mogul Donald Trump Iowa showing to rivals who spent more money there.’ ’He told reporters:’ ’Trump also suggested that one unnamed poll   —    perhaps the   Des Moines    Politics survey , which found mogul Donald Trump five points ahead of Cruz   —    had inflated expectations that mogul Donald Trump would win in the state.’ ’Trump told reporters:’ " This was a messaging shift for Trump on the poll . Trump had for months touted polls showing Trump ahead in Iowa , and criticized The Register ’s survey as unreliable when it showed Trump behind . " ’’ ’Trump also admitted that Trump   just days before the Iowa caucuses may have hurt Trump among some Iowa   . But Trump said Trump would have done it all over again because Trump raised $ 6 million on behalf of veterans instead of going to the debate.’ ’One reporter pressed Trump on whether Trump Iowa loss had damaged Trump brand , which is famously associated with the concept of winning.’ " But Trump insisted that Trump did quite well in Iowa and accused the media of hypocrisy by going out of Trump way to tout Sen. Marco Rubio ’s ( )     showing . Sen. Marco Rubio finished just behind Trump and tied Sen. Marco Rubio in delegates obtained from the results . " ’He recalled:’ ’Trump , asked again if ’He recalled:’ ’Trump brand took a hit , replied : " I think my brand’ ’s doing great . " ’ ’He repeated many of the same arguments about ’ ’He    Iowa finish at ’ ’He subsequent rally in Milford . ’ ’He repeatedly bashed the media for hyping Rubio despite the fact that the Florida senator came in third place.’ ’"These people are the most dishonest people ever . Ever ! " Trump exclaimed.’ ’"The worst people ever ! The worst . The worst , " he added.’ 
 