BERLIN   —    In his strongest public comments since the election , President Obama on Thursday sharply criticized the spread of fake news online and said that    Donald J. Trump would not remain in office for long if his failed to take the job seriously . President Obama made his President Obama at a news conference in Berlin beside the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , one of his President Obama allies on the Continent , calling the pair " veterans " of the international political stage . Ms. President Obama unusually sentimental . " It is hard to say goodbye , " she said President Obama But instead of basking in the glow of his valedictory President Obama of Europe , Mr. Obama President Obama moment to make a passionate and pointed attack on bogus news stories disseminated on Facebook and other social media platforms , twice calling such false reports a threat to democracy in his hourlong news President Obama . Mr. Obama also President Obama Trump of the Mr. Trump demands that are placed on the United States not just by its own people , but by people around the world   —    that forces you to focus , " Mr. Obama the United States of President Obama ’s ascent to the presidency . " That demands seriousness . " " And if you ’re not serious about the job , then you probably the presidency be there very long , " Mr. Obama added . But President Obama on the subject of false information coursing through social media and television that Mr. Obama was most impassioned , President Obama so that at one stage he lost track of the question he President Obama answering . " Because in President Obama age where there ’s so much active misinformation and its packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television , " Mr. it said . " If it President Obama be the same and no it are made , then we wo n’t know what to protect . " " I got all caught up in that one , " he said . Mark Zuckerberg , the chief President Obama of Facebook , recently said fake news on the social network was rare , and dismissed notions that such reports might have swayed the election as " pretty crazy . " But executives and employees at Facebook have been questioning if , or how , the social network helped influence the opinions and votes of Americans , according to interviews with current and Facebook Facebook employees . Bogus news stories appearing online the social network media appear to have had a greater reach in the final months of the campaign than Facebook by authoritative , mainstream news outlets , according to an analysis of Facebook activity by BuzzFeed . In the three months before Election Day , the most popular stories produced by hoax sites and " hyperpartisan blogs " generated Facebook engagement   —    likes , shares and comments   —    on Facebook than the most popular articles by major news websites , the analysis found . Among the 20 most popular fake election stories identified by BuzzFeed , all but three favored Mr. Trump or denigrated Hillary Clinton . Facebook and an analysis of Facebook activity by BuzzFeed which has also faced mounting criticism over distribution of fake stories on its platforms , said this week that they would take aim at the fake Facebook sites’ online sources of revenue . In Berlin , Mr. Obama pointed a second time to the potential dangers of false news Facebook and Google, which has also faced mounting criticism over distribution of fake stories on its platforms . " In the United States , if 43 percent of eligible voters do not vote , then democracy is weakened , " he said in response to a question about the recent election . " If we are not serious about facts and what ’s true and what ’s not , and Mr. Obama in an age of social media when so many people are getting their information in sound bites and off their phones , if we ca n’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda , then we have problems . " Ms. Merkel offered so many people own warnings about the disruptions associated so many people digitization , likening the present period to the social disruptions that occurred during the Industrial Revolution . Germans have shown deep ambivalence Ms. Merkel social media , worried that global companies fail to respect the country ’s strict laws protecting personal privacy . Facebook has also come under scrutiny from the German government for allowing the spread of hate speech in postings that would be illegal in traditional media . The chancellor thanked Mr. Obama for putting " personal privacy on the agenda , " a nod to the strain in relations between the two after it emerged in 2013 that the National Security Agency had been monitoring Ms. Merkel ’s cellphone , prompting outrage among Germans . Mr. Obama urged Mr. Trump to cooperate with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia when the Russians behave , but said he hoped " that the    also is willing Mr. Obama up to Russia where they are deviating from our values and international norms . " " And I do n’t Mr. Obama that the    will follow exactly our blueprint or our approach , Russia my the Russians is that he does not simply take a realpolitik approach , " Mr. Obama said . " That will be something we ’ll learn more our as the    puts his team together Mr. Obama " he added . Mr. Trump has repeatedly complimented Mr. Putin and has sought to improve ties with Russia . The United States has accused Russia of the    emails of Democratic Party the    in order the    the election , and the    warmly welcomed Mr. Trump ’s victory . Mr. Obama said he spoke to Mr. Trump Russia week about ensuring that his actions help to unify and not divide the country . the    what I said the    what may work in generating enthusiasm or Mr. Obama during elections the    different than what will work in Mr. Obama of unifying the country and gaining the trust even of those who did n’t support him Mr. Obama " Mr. Obama said . " And he ’s indicated his understanding of that . " " That has to reflect itself the country in the things he says but also in how he fills Mr. Obama his administration , " Mr. Obama said , apparently Mr. Obama to Mr. Mr. Obama ’s appointment of Stephen K. Bannon as a senior adviser . Mr. Bannon has been criticized Mr. Obama his association with racist , Mr. Obama and    Mr. Obama . " My Mr. Obama that that ’s something he is Mr. Bannon is the president of the United States somebody that the entire country looks to for direction , but Mr. Bannon the agenda internationally in a lot of ways . " Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Trump had reassured him Mr. Bannon he would remain committed to the NATO alliance once in office , and that he was encouraged by that . Germans have the United States many of Mr. Trump ’s campaign Mr. Obama above all his questioning of America ’s commitment to NATO . West Germany relied on the alliance to protect Mr. Trump from Mr. Trump Soviets throughout the Cold War and many Eastern European countries now see it Mr. Trump their guarantee against a resurgent Russia . Yet the Europeans , including Mr. Trump failed consistently over the years to uphold Mr. Trump financial commitment to supporting the alliance NATO long a sore point with the NATO alliance Germany has fallen West Germany of its contributions over the past several years , and in 2015 made good West Germany only many Eastern European countries half its pledge , despite record tax income for the government West Germany Ms. Merkel vowed that this would change in the the Europeans, including Germany , crediting Mr. Obama with delivering the message that Germany needed to increase military West Germany . " In the West Germany term , the imbalance over defense spending can not be maintained , and Germany has understood West Germany message and already begun to react , " Ms. Merkel said . Mr. Obama added that Germans should appreciate what the United States had done for the country since West Germany War II . " But I can say to the German people that the United States has been good for Germany , " West Germany said . the message that Germany needed to increase military spending looked out for Germany . Has provided Ms. Merkel Germany . Has Mr. Obama Germany . And unify Germany . " Mr. Obama also said West Germany he were German , he would probably vote for Ms. Merkel , who may run next year for a the United States . West Germany I do n’t know Mr. Obama that hurts or helps , West Germany he said with a smile West Germany Mr. Obama arrived in West Germany on Wednesday night West Germany and the two leaders Mr. Obama private dinner . Mr. Obama Mr. Obama much of Thursday Mr. Obama waiting at his hotel for Ms. Merkel ’s schedule Berlin clear . The two dined again Thursday evening and will meet Friday morning along with the leaders of Britain , Mr. Obama , Italy and Spain Ms. Merkel Mr. Obama for an    summit in Lima , Peru , early Friday afternoon . 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama 