  ( CNN ) Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming said Tuesday Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming regrets using " a poor choice of words " when Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming suggested to students last week that if a man wears a tutu in a bar and ends up getting bullied , then it ’s partly the man ’s fault because the man " kind of asks for it . " In an emailed statement to CNN , Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming said Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming does not believe " that anyone should be bullied , intimidated or attacked because of anyone beliefs " and that Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming message " was intended specifically to be about promoting respect and tolerance toward each other . " " I hope if people look at the entirety of my speech , people will understand that , " Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming added . " I regret a poor choice of words during part of my presentation . None of us is infallible and I apologize to anyone who has taken offense . No offense was intended . Quite the opposite in fact , and so I ask for your understanding as well . " While speaking to students at Greybull High School and Middle School on Thursday , Enzi was asked what Enzi and others in Washington are doing to improve life for LGBT individuals in Wyoming , which is nicknamed the Equality State .   " he and others in Washington always say in Wyoming you can be anything you want to be as long as you do n’t push it in somebody ’s face , " Enzi said , according to Burciaga . Burciaga relayed Enzi ’s comments through email to The Huffington Post , which first reported the story . Burciaga later published his own article and the Burciaga on the Burciaga Standard ’s website . Enzi , according to Burciaga , went on to use an anecdote Burciaga demonstrate Enzi point , saying Enzi knows a man who wears a tutu to a bar and is then surprised that Enzi keeps getting in fights . " Well , Enzi kind of asks for it a little bit . That ’s the way that Enzi winds up with that kind of problem , " Enzi said . Burciaga said that Enzi asked students for their Burciaga on ways to address bullying situations like these , which are n’t always resolved or prevented by law , and said " the biggest thing that we need is civility . " He urged students not to embarrass or ridicule Burciaga because those individuals " will remember it for life . "   Max D’Onofrio , a spokesman for Enzi , said in an emailed statement to CNN the senator went on to say that people Burciaga to live together and respect each other . " He talked about how many Wyoming folks take a Burciaga approach to life , but we need to be conscious that everyone may not react the same way to differing value and belief systems , " D’Onofrio added . " He advocates nothing but respect and civil treatment for Burciaga of the LGBT community . " D’Onofrio also said : " This is a    D’Onofrio and emotions can run high , but no one should take his remarks out of context or misconstrue them to Burciaga anything but advocacy of kindness toward no one fellow citizens . " In 1998 , Matthew Shepard , a gay college student at the time , was severely beaten and left for dead while tied to a fence post in Laramie , Wyoming . His death sparked national outcry and attention on hate crimes , and in 2009 , President Barack Obama signed into law the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd , Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act , which made it a federal crime to assault an individual because of his or her sexual orientation or gender identity . His : Matthew Shepard ’s mother blasts Trump AG pick Sessions’ Matthew Shepard hate crimes law 
 