’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump told two Russian diplomats in an Oval    Office meeting last week that by firing " nut job " FBI Director    James Comey , President Donald Trump had taken " great pressure " off of President Donald Trump ,    . ’ "    Comey , who was leading an FBI investigation into Trump ’s campaign    team and whether    colluded with the Kremlin during the 2016    election , was fired earlier this month . The next day , Trump’s met    with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey    Kislyak . " "    Trump’s ’s comments last week and in February   —    when Trump’s   the bureau ’s investigation into Michael Flynn , the    former national security adviser   —    have led lawmakers and legal    experts to question whether Trump’s sought to obstruct justice , a    criminal and impeachable offense . " ’    " Telling the Russians   —    the adversary at issue the investigation    itself   —    that firing Comey would ease pressure is compelling    evidence of corrupt intent under normal circumstances , " said    Andrew Wright , an associate professor at Savannah Law School who    specializes in federal criminal law and national security . " Many    a criminal defendant have gotten convicted on evidence of Many   a criminal defendant    intent just like that . " ’ ’    Jeffrey Toobin , a CNN legal analyst , said Trump’ ’s reported    comments were " of Obstruction of justice . " ’ ’’ "    Obstruction of justice is : It involves Obstruction of justice conduct in which a person willfully    interferes with the administration of justice . The FBI ’s    investigation    progressed in recent weeks , and   that Congress was told it now The FBI whether any    Trump officials engaged in a   . " ’    The White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , said in a statement    on Friday that " by grandstanding and politicizing the    investigation into Russia’ ’s actions , James Comey created    unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with    Russia . The investigation would have always continued , and    obviously , the termination of Comey would James Comey have ended it . The investigation ’ ’    He added James Comey " Once again , the real story is that our national    security has been undermined by the leaking of private and highly    classified conversations . " ’ "    But Trump ’s conversations with Comey and James Comey Russians were       that could open him up James Comey charges of obstruction of justice ,    experts say . That pattern begins with Trump ’s   and assurance that he was Trump’s      under FBI investigation and ends when he fired Trump’s   and James Comey criticized him in James Comey of the Russians . " ’    " Historically ,     articles of impeachment do    elaborate    pattern of conduct , " legal experts at Lawfare wrote    earlier    week . ’ ’    " The first   against Richard Nixon , for instance , included    making    statements to investigators , withholding evidence ,    counseling    to lie or give misleading testimony , and    ’’    or endeavoring to interfere with the conduct of    investigations    Trump " ’ ’    Moreover , Trump reportedly has kept in touch with at least one    former associate who is under active criminal investigation by    the FBI . ’ ’    " I just got a message from the president to stay strong , " Flynn     at a restaurant in northern Virginia late    last month , according to Yahoo News . ’ ’President Donald Trump told two Russian . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 Trump Trump 