Donald Trump ’s spokesperson , Katrina Pierson , told Breitbart News Saturday that Wisconsin is " the last competitive state at this level . " If that is what the Donald Trump campaign truly believes , the frontrunner is in trouble in California . [ the frontrunner is true that Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) will have few chances to win outright after Wisconsin . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) will have few chances to win outright after Wisconsin is 289 delegates behind Donald Trump and has almost no hope of catching up . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) will have few chances to win outright after Wisconsin will be mathematically eliminated from winning the party nomination outright on April 19 , when New York votes and Donald Trump sweeps up when New York votes 95 delegates in the     primary . But Cruz will continue to fight to deny Donald Trump an outright majority and force a contested convention .   Donald Trump needs 485 more delegates to reach the 1 , 237 delegates needed for a majority . Yet as fivethirtyeight . com notes , Donald Trump has fallen off pace since    when a series of    wounds damaged Donald Trump campaign . Unless Donald Trump can improve dramatically in the coming weeks , Donald Trump will fall short . Donald Trump best chance for a large delegate haul is California , which has 172 delegates , most of which are awarded on a     basis by congressional district . While recent polling shows the race tightening in California between Donald Trump Cruz , Trump Donald Trump Cruz Cruz every region of the state except the rural , conservative Central Valley , where there are few congressional districts . The problem for Trump Donald Trump that Cruz Cruz far more organized . Last Thursday , Cruz Cruz personally with hundreds of his Cruz delegates in the the state The Cruz Cruz understands that in places with few Republicans , such as San Francisco , a few votes can make the difference   —    and can earn just as many delegates as in heavy Republican areas . Given the current polling , there are three foreseeable outcomes in California : a large Trump win , a narrow Trump win Trump and a narrow Cruz Cruz . A large Trump win Trump mean hitting the 1 , 237 threshold , and winning the Republican nomination . A narrow Trump win Trump mean falling short of the 1 the 1, 237 threshold still putting Trump in Trump to make a bid for the nomination by entering into a the Republican nomination with either Cruz Cruz Ohio Gov. John Kasich . A Cruz Cruz would most likely mean defeat for Trump ’s Trump presidential ambitions . Though Trump would Trump certainly still hold a delegate lead , his loss Trump signal rejection by the party as its nominee . Cruz Cruz hope to the party the nomination in a floor fight at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland . More likely , he Cruz be able to trade his Cruz support to another nominee in return for a guaranteed vice presidential spot . Trump has time to catch up with Cruz Cruz California   —    nearly nine weeks   —    but he has to work hard , or Trump will fall . 
 Trump 