’’ " Republican presidential candidates squared off Saturday night for Republican presidential candidates final debate ahead of Tuesday ’s    New Hampshire primary . " ’The debate capped a    push by    like Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ( R ) Ohio Gov. John Kasich ( R ) and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ( R ) to win over Granite State voters.’ " Most of those candidates’ fire this week has been   who has been surging after his     . And in Saturday night ’s debate , the knives came out for Rubio . " " The one candidate who did n’t direct many shots at Rubio this week was    magnate Donald Trump , who remains the    in New Hampshire even after his Rubio finish in Iowa . " ’Instead , he ’Instead spent much of the week feuding with Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) the winner of the Iowa Iowa , who he ’Instead . The charge stems from messages delivered by Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz staffers on caucus night that said retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson was   among other things   —    when , in fact , Carson’ ’s campaign said he Carson’’s simply flying from Iowa Iowa Florida to get a " fresh pair of clothes . " ’ ’The Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz Carson retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson have been feuding about the incident for much of the week.’ ’10:44 p. m. ET   —    Trump slammed the door on Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz his Trump statement.’ ’After Cruz criticized Trump Trump Rubio for supposedly pandering to special interests in Iowa by supporting ethanol subsidies , Trump Trump Cruz Sen. Ted Cruz misleading Carson supporters in Iowa Iowa believing he Trump out.’ ’"The people of Iowa Iowa country and our children over cronyism and corporate welfare , " Cruz said.’ ’"That’ ’s because he ’"That’ Ben Carson’ ’s votes , by the way , " Trump said of Cruz’ ’s victory in the Iowa caucuses.’ ’10:35 p. m. ET   —    The Republican presidential candidates weighed in on who they The Republican presidential candidates would win the Super Bowl on Sunday . Kasich , Trump , Rubio , and Cruz all said that they Kasich, Trump, Rubio, and Cruz all that the Carolina Panthers would win ( or at least were rooting for them Kasich, Trump, Rubio, and Cruz all . Christie put his Christie on the Denver Broncos , and Bush said that because quarterback Peyton Manning was supporting his Bush bid , he Bush rooting for Denver . Carson made a joke by saying he Carson sure either Denver Denver Carolina would win.’ ’10:30 p. m. ET   —    Rubio said he Carson not believe that his Carson to    marriage made him Carson a bigot or a hater . " The Carson criticized different media outlets for not asking Democrats during debates about abortion.’ ’10:28 p. m. ET   —    Cruz maintained that he would not Carson with terrorists or pay ransom to terrorists holding Americans hostage , saying that this approach would " put a bounty " on Americans abroad . When asked , Trump said that he agreed.’ ’10:23 Trump m. ET   —    Bush said he would allow Bush to register for selective service.’ ’10:21 p. m. ET   —    Christie said he would quarantine Bush coming from Brazil if he believed they Bush the people coming from Brazil virus .   ’ " 10:12 p. m. ET   —    Rubio defended his comments about Rubio Barack Obama ’s visit to a mosque this week , criticizing the president for President Barack Obama Islamophobia . " ’"He continues to put out this fiction that there’ ’s widespread , systematic discrimination against Muslim Americans , " Rubio said of Rubio ’"We need to have strong , positive relationships in the Islamic communities in this country so they will identify and report [ terrorist ] activity . " ’ ’Rubio said that the Obama administration discriminated against Christians in the US.’ ’’ ’10:05 p. m. ET   —    Trump reiterated that police are " mistreated . " ’ ’"If they make one mistake ’"If on your newscasts ’"If night , all week , all month . The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order , " Trump said . " Trump afraid for their jobs , they’’re afraid of the mistreatment they get . " their ’Kasich also weighed in , touting a task force that he created to improve ’Kasich by lessening tensions between minority communities and police forces . ’ ’"We love the police , but we’’ve got to be responsive to people in the communities , " Kasich said.’ ’9:54 p. m. ET   —    Several candidates    on the heroin epidemic in New Hampshire.’ ’Cruz told the story of how his    suffered from Several candidates   on the heroin epidemic in New Hampshire.’ ’Cruz to drugs , while Christie reemphasized that heroin abuse was a " moral crisis , " and he’’d be willing to engage in    enforcement into Mexico to keep drugs from being imported into the US . ’ ’"I’’m   . And not just for the nine months in the womb . I’’m    when they get out and it’ ’s a lot more complicated , " Christie said.’ ’9:42 p. m. ET   —    Cruz said that he would not implement Cruz in " any sort of widespread use , " but asserted that it was not torture.’ ’Trump broke with Cruz , saying that Cruz would bring back Cruz President George W. Bush’ ’s    " enhanced interrogation techniques . " ’ ’"I’’d bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding , " Trump said.’ ’’ ’9:35 p. m. ET   —    Before sharing his thoughts about the Cruz from ISIS in Libya , Carson ribbed the moderators for not giving him enough speaking time Carson ’ ’"I want to say something about this because I’’m not here just to add beauty to the stage , " Carson said.’ ’"We have to have a proactive    strategy . And of course the next place that ISIS will tack to ISIS Libya . " ’ Libya p. m. ET   —    Christie said the 68 % of Americans who support raising taxes on millionaires are wrong.’ ’"It’ ’s a failed idea and a failed policy and it’ ’s class warfare , " Christie said.’ ’9:20 p. m. ET   —    Christie criticized Kasich for Christie the state government in Ohio . ’ ’9:05 p. m. ET   —    Trump and Bush squared off over eminent domain.’ ’Bush hit Trump over   to use eminent domain to build a limousine parking lot at one of his New Jersey casinos . ’ ’"To turn this into a limousine parking lot for his casinos isn’’t public domain , " Bush said.’ ’"Jeb wants to be a tough guy , and it doesn’’t work out Bush said.’ ’"Jeb well , " Trump said.’ ’"How tough is it to take away Trump said.’ from an elderly woman ? " Bush interjected.’ ’Trump told Bush said.’ ’"Jeb quiet , prompting booing from the audience . The mogul then shifted away from his points about eminent domain , Bush said.’ ’"Jeb viewers that the debate audience was stacked with donors.’ ’"That’ ’s all of his donors and special interests out ’"That’ , " Trump said , gesturing at the audience.’ ’"The RNC told us : We have all donors RNC the RNC , " Trump said referring to the Republican Trump Committee . " And the reason they’’re not loving me is I don’’t want their money . " ’ ’’ don’’t p. m. ET   —    Though he did not specify how , Trump said that he would not Trump people who Trump not afford private health insurance die . ’ ’"You’’re not going to let people die sitting in the middle of the street in any city in this country , " Trump said . ’ ’8:57 p. Trump ET   —    Cruz said that he has " someone in mind Cruz to build a wall along the southern US border , gesturing at Trump.’ ’’ " 8:53 p. m. ET   —    Despite Trump ’s plan to Trump approximately Trump million immigrants living in the US without permission , the US by his immigration plan Kasich which includes Kasich legalization plan for millions of immigrants . " ’"We have to have Obama.’ ’"We solutions , " Kasich said.’ ’"I can’’t even imagine how we would even begin to think about taking a mom or a dad out of a house if they haven’’t committed a crime since they got a mom or a dad . " ’ " 8:47 a mom or a dad m. ET   —    Asked about what it would take to use military action against North Korea , Trump instead commented on Rubio Rubio comment Rubio Trump Barack Obama knows exactly President Barack Obama doing . Trump disagreed . President Barack Obama ’"I think we have a president who Trump a president is totally incompetent and doesn’’t know what he’ ’s doing , " Trump said.’ ’"Our country is going to hell . " ’ ’8:35 p. m. ET   —    Christie and Rubio got into a Rubio    .’ ’Christie stood behind his comments that Rubio was not qualified Rubio the White House ’Christie to his lack of executive experience and short tenure in the senate ’Christie ’ ’"Every morning , what a United States Senator ’ up , they think ’’ What kind of speech can I give , ’’ or ’’ What kind of bill can I draw up , ’’ " Christie said.’ ’"The fact is , Marco , you shouldn’’t compare yourself to Joe Biden , and you shouldn’’t say that that’ Marco, you what we’’re doing , " Christie said . " You have not been involved Christie a consequential decision when you’’ve been held accountable . " ’ " After Rubio hit Christie over Rubio Jersey ’s recent "’ "8:47 p. m. ET  —   Asked about what it would take to use military action against North Korea , Christie do New Jersey . " ’"That’ ’s what Washington , DC , Christie over the    shot at ’"That’ beginning with incorrect and incomplete information , and then the    speech that is exactly what his advisers gave him , " Christie said.’ ’Rubio shot back , noting ’"That’ was so ’"That’ campaigning he had to be Christie shamed " into going home during a major snowstorm that Christie said.’ ’Rubio New Jersey last month.’ ’’ ’8:29 p. m. ET ’ ’’ New Jersey p. m. ET   —    Trump criticized Cruz for Trump answering whether he believed Trump was Trump to Trump    .’ Cruz respect what Ted just said , but he didn’’t answer your question , " ’"I said to ABC’ ’s anchors . " That’ Ted what’ ’s going to Trump with our enemies and the people that we compete against . " ’ ’"People back down with Trump , and that’ Trump what our like . " ’ " 8:22 p. m. ET   —    That’ about whether he stood by his assertion that Trump did n’t have Trump temperament to be     Cruz ’ "8:22 p. m. ET  —    that he ’ "8:22 p. m. ET  —    leave it to the voters to decide . Cruz Cruz contributed reporting.’ 
 ’ "8:22 p. m. ET  —    