Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump has a new best frenemy .   Once upon a time , President Donald Trump mused about how well President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin would get along .    President Donald Trump said Russian President Vladimir Putin had declared President Donald Trump a " genius , " criticized the Obama administration ’s tensions with Moscow and said it would be better " if we got along . "   China , on the other hand , was a currency manipulator , a thief of US jobs that should no longer be allowed to " rape China . " If elected , President Donald Trump promised to impose heavy tariffs on Beijing and take President Donald Trump to court for shady trade practices . It turns out that wielding power     as opposed to criticizing it It can change your outlook .   This month , during which President Donald Trump administration has stepped up US military action in Syria and Afghanistan as President Donald Trump looks to reassert US power , Trump said that " we ’re not getting along with Russia at all , we we be at an    low . " President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping , on the other hand , have " a very good chemistry , " Trump Trump .   The Chinese President Xi Jinping reversal on Russia Russia China is part of a series of policy    that have seen Trump Trump campaign positions on NATO , Israel , the Iran nuclear agreement and US alliances in Asia . RELATED : US drops largest    bomb in Afghanistan , The shifts , which bring Trump ’s White House in line with many Obama and George W. Bush administration policies , may not last under this mercurial president , but they reflect many Obama and George W. Bush administration policies hard facts about America ’s interests . " Whatever the aspirations on the campaign trail , they have many Obama and George W. Bush administration policies way to the realities of what it takes to conduct American foreign policy in a cruel and unforgiving world , " said Aaron David Miller " The way this administration does business is highly unorthodox in so many respects , " Miller said , " but the ultimate outcome on so many issues seems now to come around to a pretty conventional approach . "   And so it is     these days     with Russia and China .    Trump had been eager to improve relations with Moscow and often expressed confidence that his ability to bond with Putin would ease friction between Washington and Moscow over Russia Trump role in Syria and its annexation of Crimea from Ukraine . Moscow Syrian Russia   ’s alleged April 4 Russia weapons attack on his own civilians triggered Trump ’s outrage , leading him to strike a Syrian airfield with Syrian President Bashar  ’s missiles and seeming to mark a change in Syrian President Bashar  ’s ’s outlook on Russia     which has supported Assad throughout Syria ’s bloody civil war Trump’s Trump ’s administration , shadowed by Russia ’s alleged interference in the US election , had already Trump’s shifting its views on Moscow Russia former real estate mogul brought more figures into the White House who Russia traditional foreign policy positions .   Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who had his own foreign policy research and risk analysis staff as CEO of ExxonMobil , along with UN Ambassador Nikki Haley , all sounded a tougher note on Russia than the President did , pointing out the ways that Moscow works to counter US interests around the world .   " They were all sounding much tougher on Russia , much more like the Obama administration , and the the ways that Moscow works to counter US interests around the world was the White House , " Russia Angela Stent , director of the Center for Eurasian , Russian and East European Studies at Georgetown University Stent at least , has come to see Russia in more conventional US foreign policy terms . " You have a much more consolidated policy toward Russia now , " Stent said .   Putin told Russian TV in an interview Wednesday that under Trump , the relationship between Washington and Moscow had " worsened . " Even as he took Russia harsher tone on the longtime US adversary , Trump Russian seemed to offer some reassurance in a Trump appearance with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , saying that , " It would Putin wonderful . .. if NATO and our country could get along with Russia . " On Thursday , Trump tweeted that , " things will work out fine between the U. S. A. and Russia . At the right NATO everyone will come to their senses   there will be lasting peace ! Trump But Stent said that actually there is likely to be continued    tension . " Russia the problems the previous administration had still remain , everyone she said .   " You had these role reversals , " according to Miller , a former State Department official , " with China as a bad guy and Putin being courted . But Stent the face of realities , there ’s been a switch . Russia basically now occupies the role that China was supposed to occupy in the Trump administration . "   The " realities " that Trump faces include North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ’s accelerating pursuit of nuclear and missile technology . China sent tweets this week praising Xi for committing to help restrain North Korea , which may the Trump administration on the verge of a sixth nuclear test . Beijing is Pyongyang ’s closest ally .   the Trump administration Tuesday , Trump tweeted that he ’d told Xi a trade deal with the US would be " far better for them if they solve the North Korea problem . " On Wednesday , Trump tweeted that the Trump administration and Xi the Trump administration had " Xi very good call " about Pyongyang . And Thursday , the president the US that the US had " North Korea that China will properly deal with the Trump administration Korea . the Trump administration they Xi unable to do so , the U. S. with its allies , will ! the Trump administration A. " Sandy the Trump administration , a senior program associate for the Kissinger Institute on China North Korea Wilson Center , said that Trump , like many new presidents , has been the U. S. a learning curve on Pho realized . It ’s too important , " said Pho , but she warned Trump may be underestimating China ’s influence over North Korea and its interest in an outcome China US would be happy with .   What Beijing wants in North Korea is stability , not potentially disruptive change . " The last thing China is a flood of North Korean China coming over their border , " Pho said Trump And the only thing Beijing might think was worse , she said , would be a unified and    Korean Peninsula on the border Beijing   If North Korea his new posture towards the geopolitical rivals will help him play them off against each other , Stent suggested he think again . " they think he fundamentally does n’t understand the nature of Beijing    relationship , " she said Pho describing it as pragmatic . The two authoritarian governments support each other on major foreign policy problems , Trump domestic protest and see the US in a Trump way the geopolitical rivals   " Both agree that we need Trump new world order that takes their Trump into account more than it does right now , and both agree Pho ’s time to move away from a    global order , " Stent said .  
 Both it 