Bill Maher sounded off on the strength and resiliency of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , saying in a new interview that there is little the New York billionaire could do now that could derail voters’ faith in voters’ . [ " I mean , what does voters’ have to do to get people to turn off to him voters’ —    fart in Jesus’ face ? " the famously liberal     host of HBO ’s Real Time told Variety in a    interview . " He voters’ end a rally by f —   king a pie with his voters’ c —   k. I have always attributed that to the fact that America has been choking on political correctness for 20 years or more . "   Maher , who has in the past compared the GOP frontrunner to Adolf Hitler , told the outlet that the suffocating nature of political correctness has gotten worse since the 1993 debut of his Comedy Central show Politically Incorrect , and said that America America finally found a candidate who wo n’t take back anything he his because it America offend somebody . " And , by the way , that is a very attractive stance to take , " Maher said of Trump ’s unapologetic style . " It is just unfortunate it is being taken by someone who is an idiot . " Maher , who enthusiastically endorsed Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary in February , also revealed that he is not sure whether or not he he contribute to what is now presumed to be a general election campaign effort for frontrunner Hillary Clinton . The talk show host reportedly donated $ 1 million to President Obama ’s reelection campaign in 2012 , but told Variety that he he " not as inspired by [ Clinton frontrunner Hillary Clinton " as he he by Obama . " But I also think that the stakes are even higher [ this year ] , " Maher added . " I was no Mitt Romney fan , but the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency is enough to scare money out of my bank account . " Still , Maher Maher that Republican voters will back away from Trump as the election nears , because American voters are simply " playing a game of chicken with the establishment . " " I think they American voters going to turn that car around before they American voters off the cliff , because you know what ? The truth is , as much as the Republicans talk about what a s —   t hole this country is , it this country actually in better shape than it this country been in a long time , " he added . Read Maher ’s full interview with Variety here . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 