Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     8:05 : Ivanka Trump ’s video to Texans before Super Tuesday : 8:02 : Massive haul for Sanders : whatever is said about Sanders campaign , Sanders campaign can haul Sanders campaign in . a $ 41 million month , per @maryaliceparks ,   —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) March 1 , 2016 ,   8:00 : False promise when Rubio and Rubio    many of whom have said Rubio and his    would rather have Hillary Clinton in the White House , are supporting the " never Trump " movement : " I will do    it takes to make sure that the next president is not Hillary Clinton ! " Rubio pledges , a tweak on Rubio promise to stop Trump ,   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) March 1 , 2016 ,   7:50 : Glenn Beck , who reportedly made fun of a woman ’s miscarriage on air , Tweets this : Are Trump ’s female voters reading this stuff about him Trump https :   .    —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) March 1 , 2016 ,   7:35 : Sanders in Massachusetts : " I look around tonight and I think we ’re going to win here " Sanders Sanders Boston rally " You led the last revolution " pic . twitter .    —    Dan Roberts ( @RobertsDan ) March 1 , 2016 ,   7:15 : Record early voting numbers in Georgia . Enthusiasm on GOP ’s side : A total of 417 , 491 early ballots   —    391 , 090    and 26 , 401 by    absentee   —    were cast in Georgia Georgia of Tuesday ’s presidential preference primaries . This year ’s early voter turnout broke the Georgia previous record for early voting in advance of the presidential preference primary . It was set in 2008 with a total of 271 , 418 early votes . Approximately 100 , 000 Georgians cast ballots Friday , the last day of    early voting . [   …     ] The number of Republican ballots cast was 260 , 443   —    242 , 609    and 17 , 834 by    absentee . The number of Democratic ballots cast was 156 , 663   —    148 , 142    and 8 , 521 by    absentee . 6:43 : Bernie Sanders Slams Hillary for paid speeches to Wall Street : I think if you ’re gon na get paid $ 200 , 000 for a speech it must be a pretty damned good speech . I ca n’t wait to read it . it —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:34 : Good advance work by Trump campaign : Trump   # TrumpArmy Rocking it in #TrumpArmy tonight . We 🇺 🇸 will select our President We Wealthy Donorsthe GOPe # Trump pic . twitter .    —    Ren Brewster ( @VWAudiPorsche ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:28 : Rep. Marino ( ) endorses Trump : Trump nabs Trump 5th Trump from a lawmaker   —    and it ’s from a blue state . Scoop from @dlippman https :   .    —    Ben Schreckinger ( @SchreckReports ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:25 : Trump emphasizes Trump he is Trump his campaign Trump is not beholden to anybody . 6:22 : NASCAR FOR TRUMP ! Trump CEO NASCAR France supports Trump in Trump . Legend Bill Elliott and drivers Ryan Newman , David Ragan ( pronounces name wrong ) Chase Elliott Bill Elliott on stage with Trump . Trump . @chaseelliott just endorsed @realDonaldTrump . I wonder how many other @NASCAR drivers ( if any ) will follow .   —    Channing Frampton ( @WHSVChanning ) February 29 , 2016 ,   NASCAR CEO NASCAR France NASCAR CEO Brian France Trump . Trump winner in Trump   family . Trump says he Trump got Trump folks endorsing NASCAR ,   Trump    Jeremy Diamond ( @JDiamond1 ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:20 : Cruz keeps pushing Trump on NYT Trump but praises Sessions as " principled , " unlike the      who called him an " Trump coward . " Cruz says we should be Cruz troubled by a candidate like Trump " who Trump voters   NYT something different .   —    Katherine Faulders ( @KFaulders ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Cruz on Sessions : Says Cruz is a good man and a principled Senator .   —    Katherine Faulders ( @KFaulders ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:17 : Bill Clinton Wants to go after " wrongdoers " as the State Department releases the last batch of Clinton ’s emails that were Bill Clinton her private server : . Bill Clinton in San Antonio : " We go after wrongdoers in America , we do not go after We . "   —    Shaquille Brewster ( @shaqbrewster ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:13 : Trump in Georgia : Again : These Trump impersonators keep getting younger and younger . pic . twitter .    —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Panorama of Donald Trump ’s crowd in Trump in Georgia Georgia tonight : pic . twitter Georgia    —    Jenna Johnson ( @wpjenna ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:09 : Sanders optimistic about Texas : " I think we ’ll do better there then people think , " @BernieSanders tells the press speaking of Texas . pic . twitter . Texas —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:08 : Rubio Super PAC blasts Trump : Rubio PAC responds to Trump demanding Rubio Super PAC down Trump U Trump pic Rubio Super PAC twitter .    —    Ines de La Cuetara ( @InesdLC ) February 29 , 2016 ,   6:07 : Strong argument from Cruz ’s team : ONLY @TedCruz can unite " mad as hell " crowd   those who want competent leader . If you ’re # NeverTrump , # ChooseCruz : https :   .    —    John Drogin ( @JohnDrogin ) February 29 , 2016 ,   5:35 : Memo to " GOP smartset " : Keep mocking his   .    analysis in The Week ( Voters instinctively tune out politicians who speak " Politically Correct English " ) :   As many critics gleefully point out , Trump is not very good with the English language . He certainly does n’t speak like someone Trump would think of as a presidential candidate . It ’s not just his Northeastern accent . He occasionally screws Trump with spelling and Trump . Trump gets mocked a lot for this Trump Especially on Twitter , and especially by people like me   —      members of the media elite . On Friday morning , Trump misspelled " honor " and " Trump " on Twitter . The high priests of Manhattan Twitter were almost beside themselves with delight . So let me The high priests of Manhattan media this in a way you elites can understand : As David Foster Wallace explains in a brilliant essay on English usage , there is n’t just one " English . " As elite liberals are apt to understand in other contexts , what we call Standard English is really just one dialect of English   —    the English of rich , educated , largely white English speakers . There are many other dialects in English , associated with different regions , ethnicities , classes , and so on . Trump speaks the language of his voters   —    unlike other Trump candidates , and unlike people who go on TV to be professional pundits . And what does Trump tell these voters ? That the Trump are against them . That they despise them . these voters what do the elite do the elite Prove Trump right by sneering at a Trump Trump that he shares with many Trump his voters Trump Trump and his voters Trump n’t speak Standard English Trump nor do they speak its cousin dialect , Politically Trump and his voters English English As Mother Jones’ Kevin Drum points out , many people dislike political correctness , not because they secretly harbor bigoted views , or many people they have a principled belief in a many people of free inquiry , but simply because Politically Correct English is a foreign dialect , which changes frequently and unpredictably . And if you do n’t always master its nuances , you might suffer withering social opprobrium . ( You ’re not exactly sure what gender to refer to Caitlyn Jenner as ? You bigot ! ) As the French thinker Pierre Bourdieu pointed out many decades ago , such systems of etiquette often function as ways for the ruling class to control the ruled , enforce class privilege , and keep the ladder to the upper class nice and slippery . And this particular form of social control only seems to be exercised against one type of person . Trump connects with Trump white working class , with the socially downtrodden , with the frustrated and despairing , and with the poorly educated and financially struggling not in spite of his    manner Trump speaking , but because of it . The wealthy , urban elite ought to remember that before they turn Trump ’s misspellings Trump a The wealthy, urban elite party punch line . " who , " not " that , " you illiterate thug . https :   .    —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) February 28 , 2016 ,   5:12 : Sasse being praised by all the wrong people . Wehner has shown nothing but disdain for Tea Party conservatives : All praise to @bensasse for saying he wo n’t support Trump if he Wehner the Republican nominee . Extremely Wehner act . https :   .    —    Peter Wehner ( @Peter_Wehner ) February 29 , 2016 ,   5:10 : Washington Post reporter on Secret Service incident : Its sad to see this chokehold and force , but u ca nt say " F you " to @SecretService when they order you to stand back https this chokehold and force   .    —    Carol Leonnig ( @CarolLeonnig ) February 29 , 2016 ,   5:07 : Rubio cheerleader Rep. Gowdy ( ) predicts Trump blowout on Trump Tuesday . Tuesday’s : Silence when conservative journalists are attacked on college campuses : If you ’re a journalist and you in any way defend the Secret Service using violence against nonviolent members of the press , quit .   —    Olivia Nuzzi ( @Olivianuzzi ) February 29 , 2016 ,   VIDEO : Black Student Union Members Assault Breitbart Journalist at Ben Shapiro Protest https :   .    —    Breitbart News ( @BreitbartNews ) February 25 , 2016 ,   4:55 : Sen. Sasse ( ) says on CNN he thinks " there will be more Black Student Union Members Assault Breitbart Journalist that enter this race if the only choices that we get are two dishonest New York liberals . " [ Consultants have to make money this election cycle , after all ] . He ’ll also be appearing on MSNBC Black Student Union Members Assault Breitbart Journalist MTP Daily . Lots of airtime for Sasse after dramatically declaring he will not Sasse for Trump . Black Student Union Members Assault Breitbart Journalist Trump champ , who Trump na vote for ? There ’s still a guy who can ( maybe ) beat Trump , and Trump ’re not endorsing him ? LOL https :   .    Black Student Union Members Assault Breitbart Journalist    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 29 , 2016 ,   4:53 : More signs of trouble for Dems . Wow : " Almost 44 percent of the absentee Republican votes so far ( in FL ) are from people who did not vote in 2012 . https :   .    —    Tom Bevan ( @TomBevanRCP ) February 29 , 2016 ,   South Carolina ’s primary voter turnout foreshadows challenges ahead for Democrats : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    National Journal ( @nationaljournal ) February 29 , 2016 ,   4:50 : National Religious Broadcasters President Endorses Cruz : 4:41 : Establishment GOP TX Senator Cornyn : Trump ‘ Albatross’ to GOP : Trump in Georgia Poll : Sanders , Trump up in Oklahoma : Sanders polled at 48 percent to Clinton Sanders 43 percent . Bill Clinton 8 percent said they were undecided , and 1 percent said they Another 8 percent to vote for another candidate . Meanwhile Another 8 percent real estate mogul Donald Trump continued Trump Trump in Georgia 35 percent . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz came in second , with 23 percent , Texas Florida Sen. Marco Rubio came in third , with 22 percent . The Republican poll has a 4 . 9 percent margin of error . 4:37 : Pastor John Hagee at Cruz rally : Cruz just shouted Cruz Pastor John Cruz , who ’s apparently in the house for Cruz ’s San Antonio rally , Cruz is San Antonio Church .   —    Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 29 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Wired : How Donald Trump Hacked This Election , The answer to these questions is that Trump in Georgia rise is no fluke . Through it all , Trump has dismantled the traditional Trump’s dictate how candidates are supposed to act and Trump they ’re supposed to say . He ’s adapted his campaign to a new era of communication and candidates , creating Trump so new Trump disruptive that , regardless of how we feel about the man , we can only watch ,    as the phenomenon grows and grows and grows . Trump has moved fast and broken stuff and never apologized . In other words , Trump has hacked the election . 4:30 : When the media were saying that Trump ’s Trump of mainstream media reporters This Election dangerous , " one mainstream Trump in Georgia reporter ( Robert Draper ) went against the grain . Today , another went against the grain as journalists all flocked to defend the Time photographer who grabbed a Secret Service Agent ’s throat the grain ’s Virginia rally : In general , one should n’t tell a @SecretService Trump in Georgia Trump to f’ off or ignore requests . Usually not a battle journalists need to @SecretService .   —    Marc Ambinder ( @marcambinder ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Reporters being jeered at is n’t " dangerous . " This is n’t Mexico . This is n’t the civil rights era . And this is n’t new . https :   .    —    This Draper ( @DraperRobert ) February 22 , 2016 This   4:20 : Boston Herald :   Amid Trump Surge , 20 , 000 Massachusetts Democrats Left Party , Became Independents or Republicans : Nearly 20 , 000 Bay State Democrats have fled the party this winter , with thousands doing so to join the Republican ranks , according to the state ’s top Party . Secretary of State William Galvin said more than 16 , 300 Democrats have shed their Secretary of State William Galvin since Jan. 1 , while nearly 3 , 500 more shifted to the MassGOP ahead of tomorrow ’s " Super 300 Democrats " Tuesday’s primary . 4:13 : Rep. DesJarlais ( ) votes for Trump : U. S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais on Monday became the first member of Tennessee Trump in Georgia delegation Trump say he is supporting Donald Trump for president . The South Pittsburg Republican said in a statement released by his Trump in Georgia he voted for the New York real estate U. S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais on Monday and reality TV star during early voting . " Republicans are fortunate in that we have an U. S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais on Monday strong field U. S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais on Monday candidates running in the Republican Presidential Primary , " DesJarlais said . " While there are certainly things that I admire and Republicans in each of the remaining candidates , I believe Donald Trump is the candidate best U. S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais on Monday to make America great again . As such , I Trump in Georgia to cast my vote for Mr. Trump . " 4:08 : Nolte : Daily Beast does n’t want its readers to know the Trump in Georgia up against the agent prior to the throwdown .   https :   .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 29 Daily Beast 2016 ,   4:05 : Secret Service issues statement on Trump rally incident : Secret Service issues statement on incident with photographer at Trump rally earlier today : pic Trump in Georgia twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) February 29 , 2016 Trump Secret Service : MSNBC Cuts off Black Trump Supporter , Tries to Downplay Potential Support for Trump among Black Americans : I wonder if @DavidCornDC MSNBC to find his safe space after that https :   . Trump —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Tamron Hall again showing   ’s biases as MSNBC @DavidCornDC trying to reportedly move to the center . MSNBC cuts off black Trump supporter when he goes against the media MSNBC narrative . Over the weekend , MSNBC somehow allowed MSNBC Texan Trump Mexican descent Trump say she supports Trump —   and Trump border wall . Hall has MSNBC going out of her way to interject her opinion when reading the news about Trump . She has also a Texan of Mexican descent , for instance , that it was ridiculous that Tamron Hall pointed out that Trump in Georgia Vatican a Texan of Mexican descent a huge wall a Texan of Mexican descent Pope Francis said Trump was " " for a Texan of Mexican descent a border Wall along the U. S.   border . @joelpollak This is Trump in Georgia . " When race baiting goes wrong " https :   .    —    Prayers4Michael ( @charrenee2 ) February 29 , 2016 ,   3:33 : Cruz says we ’re not going Cruz have a brokered convention and he is the only candidate who Cruz beat Donald Trump . He points out that Rubio is Cruz his home state by 20 points Cruz 3:32 : Trump in Georgia on Trump to let Cruz New York Times to release Florida Sen. Marco Rubio recording of the     conversation with him about immigration . Cruz Trump   I call on Donald , ask the New York Times to release " secret Trump tape of Trump talking to editorial Texas Sen. Ted Cruz immigration stance .   —    Rick Folbaum ( @RickFolbaum ) February 29 , Trump ,   the New York Times call on Donald : Ask the New York Times to release the tape " in which Donald allegedly says he does n’t Texas Sen. Ted Cruz what he says on immigration .   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 29 , Donald ,   the New York Times clear it up and the voters deserve to know , Donald @tedcruz adds Donald   —    Patrick Donald ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 29 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Kansas Secretary of State Kobach endorses Trump : "secret" tape of Trump am pleased to "secret" tape of Trump my support Mr. Trump , " he said . " For me Trump in Georgia the most important issue in @PatrickSvitek) presidential contest is immigration and its effect on our national security . On that issue , Mr. Trump stands head and shoulders above the other candidates . He has Kansas Secretary of State Kobach it clear that ramping Kansas Secretary of State Kobach the Trump in Georgia our immigration laws will be his top priority . " Trump in Georgia the Republican presidential contest that , " Now , more than the most important issue in the Republican presidential contest America needs Mr. Trump ’s Trump in Georgia approach to the problem Trump in Georgia illegal immigration " and " there are too many Americans who are Trump in Georgia work because of illegal immigration or who are working in jobs America which the wages are depressed because of illegal immigration . " Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach Endorses Donald Trump . @realDonaldTrump pic . twitter .    —    Kris W. Kobach ( @KrisKobach1787 ) February 29 , 2016 , Trump in Georgia : Sanders declines Jesse Ventura endorsement ? Sanders rally side note : Former MN Gov. Kansas Secretary of State Kobach Sanders Sanders Kansas Secretary of State Kobach endorse Sanders   —    Tom Hauser ( @thauserkstp ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Sanders Minnesota Gov. Sanders Ventura huddles with @BernieSanders after a rally in Minneapolis . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) February 29 , 2016 , Former MN Gov. Jesse Ventura 3:03 : Alan Grayson endorses Sanders . 3:00 : Trump ’s most effective message : " Nobody owns me   —    you own me , " Trump Jesse Ventura crowd in Trump in Georgia   — Trump’s Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) February 29 , 2016 ,   2:50 : New Trump in Georgia Times : Memo to Republican leaders : Be careful what you wish for . [ Also worth noting that the RNC ’s " autopsy " report ’s insistence on comprehensive amnesty —   the only policy solution the    reported advanced —   and Rubio ’s Gang of Eight cheerleading prevented Rubio from being the GOP frontrunner . Rubio ’s numbers tanked in Iowa immediately after he became the face of the Gang of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio he never recovered . ] Hoping Florida Sen. Marco Rubio avoid a repeat of the messy Florida Sen. Marco Rubio the Republican nomination in 2012 , the Florida Sen. Marco Rubio drew up a calendar and    rules intended to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio a    to wrap things up quickly . Now , with Republicans voting in 11 states on Tuesday , the worst fears of Party ’s establishment are coming true : Donald J. Trump could all but seal his path to the nomination in a case of unintended consequences for the party leadership , Trump in Georgia him . " Trump Party , and that ’s the way the system is designed , " said Joshua T. Putnam , a Trump in Georgia science lecturer Trump in Georgia the University of Georgia with an expertise in delegate selection . " It ’s right in line with what the folks designing these rules wanted . It ’s just not the candidate they preferred . " As the calendar flips to March , a whirlwind of states vote on the same days and in quick succession . By the middle of the month , 58 percent of the total delegates will have been awarded , and Mr. Trump could be unstoppable in getting the 1 , 237 needed to clinch the nomination It 2:42 : Washington Post finds Trump ’s support Trump in Georgia college graduates   AND Tea Party voters ( Trump accomplishing what the " smart set " said Rubio was best positioned Trump in Georgia Trump :    2:35 : Tight race in Texas : TEXAS POLL Trump in Georgia DEBATE Feb. 26th    ARG   Cruz 33%Trump 32%Rubio 17%@mitchellvii @laurenpaige1985https :   .    …       Florida Sen. Marco Rubio    Brad Trawick ( @bradTmusic ) February 29 , 2016 ,   2:32 : Good points about Romney . Mitt Romney is playing the Race Card against Trump   —    something he never had the courage to do against Obama when it mattered .   — Texas John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 29 Trump ,   Trump surrogate on CNN : " Who is Mitt Romney ? He wants to put a lampshade on at the New Year ’s Eve party and have everyone look Romney . "   —    Matt Viser ( @mviser ) February 29 Romney 2016 ,   2:30 : Julian Castro auditioning to be Clinton ’s running mate in a Time   Party big money ahead Cruz Super Tuesday : Ted Cruz camp has spent more than $ Romney on advertising Romney week , more than 3 times as much as he has spent any other week , per CMAG Romney   —    Texas Sen. Ted Cruz ( @teddyschleifer ) February 29 , 2016 ,   2:25 : Congressional Hispanic Caucus "Super Tuesday" presidential primary for Clinton ( they were asked Texas Sen. Ted Cruz endorse ) : The CHC BOLD PAC endorses @HillaryClinton for President ,   in Tuesday they say they were asked to endorse = = & gt pic . twitter .    —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorpNBC ) February 29 , 2016 ,   2:15 : [ Tony Lee ] It ’s been funny watching the incompetent GOP " smart set " whining about how the media are criticizing Rubio Clinton making Congressional Hispanic Caucus jokes about Trump on the stump . Rubio ’s attacks may backfire because they go against the core Congressional Hispanic Caucus his Congressional Hispanic Caucus and what his " politically correct " campaign Trump in Georgia . Trump a desperate Florida Sen. Marco Rubio by completely flipping the image he had been presenting to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio its head . Second , the new voters who are attracted Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Trump will not Florida Sen. Marco Rubio turned off by " nasty " politics and will Florida Sen. Marco Rubio for him . But the type of new voters Rubio must Florida Sen. Marco Rubio —   the more moderate and Rubio’s attacks voters Trump the suburbs —   may actually be turned off by such juvenile attacks . So while the GOP " smart set " on Twitter Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and stroke each other on Twitter , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio may not realize Rubio ’s attacks may do him more a disservice in the end . What a bunch of " smart set " geniuses . 2:12 : Rubio says if Trump were a robot , he would be made in China . This type of attack Florida Sen. Marco Rubio effective than jokes about Florida Sen. Marco Rubio size of Trump ’s hands because it undercuts some of Trump Trump strengths : Rubio jokes about someone asking Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Trump ’s repetitions make him a robot Florida Sen. Marco Rubio " the GOP "smart set" on Twitter praise and stroke each other on Twitter , but if he is a Trump was made in China ! "   Trump Alexandra Jaffe Trump in Georgia @ajjaffe ) February Trump in Georgia , 2016 ,   2:05 : Breitbart Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Trump in Georgia Pollak : From Trump in Georgia : @MittRomney Does n’t Want to Talk About Race in the Mormon Church https :   .   He ’s like an abused kid , This type of attack in turn ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 29 , 2016 ,   1:48 : Ben Carson Trump in Georgia that he ’s staying in the race :   On the day China the Super Tuesday contests   —    so far only four states have had their say in Trump in Georgia election and just five percent of delegates have been assigned   —    I offer the people a different choice from the other candidates , one they deserve to be able to make for themselves , as they support the principles in which they really believe . That is why I wo n’t listen as the pundits and politicians decree from on high . I refuse to play by Washington ’s political rule book , or subjugate myself to the whims of only four states political class . At times this decision has put me at a disadvantage , subjecting my supporters to underhanded tricks from other campaigns . No doubt my refusal to the people the typical Washington games feeds into why the people many D. the people pundits think I should leave the people race . Fortunately , it is not up to any pundit or political operative to pick our president . No matter how much they think they could do a better job than the American people , we know better , and they deserve better . 1:45 : Crowd goes wild after Cruz floats Mark Levin as one Cruz his Supreme Court nominees : . @tedcruz : " Can you imagine Justice Washington Levin ? "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) February 29 the race ,   Great support for @tedcruz here in Dallas , TX ! # CruzCrew # Cruz2016 pic . twitter .    —    Heidi Cruz they @heidiscruz ) February 29 , 2016 ,   1:42 : Jesse Ventura torn between Sanders they Trump : ST . PAUL , Minn.   —    Former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura says Mark Levin ’s split between backing Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders and Sanders candidate Mark Levin on the other end of Trump political spectrum . It may seem like an odd choice between candidates , but @tedcruz told Sanders Press on Monday that he sees echoes of his own underdog win for governor in 1998 in their campaigns . Ventura earned a spot Jesse Ventura ’s political history books by winning the state ’s highest office as a member of Jesse Ventura Minnesota organization Jesse Ventura the Independence Jesse Ventura of Minnesota . But for the political outsider , who is also a former professional wrestler , it all comes down to the influence of money in politics . Ventura said he disagrees with Jesse Ventura of Trump ’s platform , namely on Jesse Ventura policy and immigration Jesse Ventura but that he appreciates the New York businessman ’s    campaign Jesse Ventura as well as Sanders’ Minnesota on Trump in Georgia contributions . 1:40 : Romney again attacking Trump more ferociously than he ever attacked Obama . Did Romney repeatedly call out Obama for his radical ties Minnesota 1:37 : More impressive turnout numbers for Republicans : Trump in Georgia stat I ’ve seen so far : early GOP vote in Tennessee grew * 62 % * Jesse Ventura 2012 Jesse Ventura up over 257 , 000 voters ,   —    Scott Bland ( @PoliticoScott ) February 29 Jesse Ventura 2016 ,   1:33 : Crowd chants " USA ! USA ! USA ! " WATCH : @realDonaldTrump goes off on protester Romney interrupting his punchline : " Are Romney from Mexico Obama " https Romney   .    Obama    Romney News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) February 29 , 2016 ,   1:30 : Reporter in video said to be Time GOP photographer , OMG : Watch a reporter kick a Secret Service and then grab his neck for no reason ! ! ! Who are these media freaks ? https :   .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Update : Here ’s moments prior . The reporter says " f*ck you "   —    that ’s when it got physical pic . twitter .    —    Joe Perticone ( @JoePerticone ) February 29 , 2016 ,   1:00   —    Rubio already giving up on the insults ? I suppose I could hurl insults , but I ’m not a reporter says @marcorubio   —    says he wo n’t read tweets because he ’s losing his voice ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 29 , 2016 ,    —    @marcorubio defends the size Reporter in video ears , saying that they are " the way God made them Reporter in video   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 29 , 2016 ,   12:56   —    MEMES . Haley just linked Trump to the KKK protesters who picketed outside state Cap in SC last year    killings   …       —    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) February @marcorubio  —    , 2016 Trump in Georgia   12:51 @marcorubio  —    —    @marcorubio  —    mad . Nikki Haley blasts Trump ’s KKK remarks " We will not allow that in our country ! "   —    @marcorubio  —    Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 29 , 2016 ,   12:49 they —    Tinder account promotes Rubio —   no word on whether it ’s related to any campaign or PAC . This is the most disturbing use of Tinder yet   —    and that ’s a crazy high bar . ( Via @tammy ) pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Mayer ( @ashleymayer ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Haley —    Chris Christie ’s brother again KKK the maxim never to fight on Facebook : On Facebook , Chris Christie ’s brother , Todd , calls Ted Cruz a " typical a hole from the South " pic . twitter .    —    Olivia Nuzzi ( @Olivianuzzi ) February 29 , 2016 ,   12:38   —    Cruz , Rubio strengthen their support in Texas , based on a Texas Sen. Ted Cruz CBS poll . While the Christie endorsement was a good move for Trump as Rubio was hammering his debate performance , Texas did n’t seem like the right venue to unveil the Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Jersey governor ’s support . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio   —    Facebook Haley Chris Christie move the needle much for Rubio in South Carolina but is still stumping for him : Nikki Haley Florida Sen. Marco Rubio a surprise guest here with Marco Rubio in ATL . We ’re about 10 m out from start .   —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) February 29 , 2016 ,   12:19   — Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Alabama : Trump Chris Christie , Rubio 19 , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 16 . Oklahoma : Trump 35 Trump as Rubio Cruz 23 Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Texas . Hillary Crushing Sanders in AL but only leads by five in OK . 12:16   —    Massachusetts Haley Trump 47 , Rubio 15 , Cruz 15 . Clinton 44 , Sanders 43 . 12:14   —    Haley . Things are getting serious over at the @weeklystandard   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 29 , 2016 ,   12:05   —    Cruz tries to chip away at Trump ’s campaign slogan at Dallas rally : . @tedcruz to @realDonaldTrump : " Do you understand the values and principles that made America great to begin with ? " Trump in Georgia ,   —    Jason Whitely ( @JasonWhitely ) Texas Sen. Ted Cruz 29 , 2016 ,   12:o1   —    Season 2 trailer of I Am Cait shows Bruce Jenner meeting Hillary Clinton ( around 0:20   —    yes , that is her with the    " Oh my gosh ! " ): 11:44   —    From a single Kasich speech : Kasich : " I intend to remain the adult Dallas the campaign for president   …      I will beat Donald Trump in Ohio , and it ’ll be a whole new day . "   —    daveweigel ( @daveweigel ) February 29 , 2016 ,   Kasich , saying he agrees with Bernie on " free stuff , " suggests America get " one year free Ben and Jerry ’s ice cream . "   —    daveweigel ( @daveweigel ) Hillary Clinton 29 , 2016 ,   11:20   —    Rubio ’s strategy to attack Trump is apparently backfiring . Rubio Kasich lost    points In the latest NBC Morning Consult poll , which was taken the Friday and Saturday as Rubio launched vicious attacks on Trump in Georgia ’s looks , hair , business record , and tweets . Rubio dipped from 19 Florida Sen. Marco Rubio to 14 %   —    Kasich loss of Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 20 % of his Trump in Georgia Trump climbed from 42 % America 44 % . Ted Cruz , who held steady Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is now in third place with 15 % support .    11:16   —    Trump Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Gandhi , # Trump2016 # TrumpInstagram : https :   .   pic . twitter .    Florida Sen. Marco Rubio    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 29 , 2016 , Trump in Georgia 11:00   —    John Kasich concedes Super Tuesday   —    and maybe Michigan   —    to Donald Trump , " I think Trump ’s probably going to win probably all of them , " he told Tapper of this week ’s Super Tuesday contests . " But you Trump in Georgia your own and we have Trump in Georgia plan .    …      Our campaign plan was ultimately to Trump in Georgia you know , hold our own in some of these places , and we will , I expect . " And then we ’re going to head north . But at the end of the day , what changes this race is my ability to win in Ohio . And if any of these people ca n’t win their own states , they probably ought to get out . We ought to consolidate the race . "    10:44   —    Massive line for Trump ’s noon event in Virginia . Wow we Massive line for Trump event in our campaign plan pic . twitter .    —    Jim we ( @Acosta ) February 29 , 2016 Trump in Georgia we   —    Conservative Senator Tom Coburn endorses we . In his statement on Monday , Coburn said   the race " perpetuating a fraud on the American people . His empty promises , Ohio and bloviating rhetoric will only deepen the frustration and disillusionment that gave these people to his campaign these people He simply the race character we skills and policy knowledge to turn Florida Sen. Marco Rubio grandiose promises into reality . "    10:08   —    Hillary crushes Sanders in delegate count . NBC News delegate count , including superdelegates : Clinton   —    519 Sanders   —    86 ,   —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) February 29 , 2016 ,   —    9:51 Monday —    Rubio : " The media wants Conservative Senator Tom Coburn as the nominee because they want Hillary to win . " On the his in Tennessee , Marco Rubio tells the crowd that Trump is the national media ’s choice for the his nominee Trump in Georgia his only because the media believes they can shred Trump to pieces his make Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Clinton president . " We can not elect Trump in Georgia dog that caught the car . Think about that . "    9:42 Clinton Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Scarborough joins the Washington Trump in Georgia as a contributor , Joe Scarborough has three hours a day to spout opinion , but WaPo thinks America is craving for even more ! The DC Media is just one giant    volcano where the chairs The media sometimes Hillary around Tennessee And everyone thinks exactly alike . Just announced : @Morning_Joe    @JoeNBC joins @PostOpinions as regular contributor on 2016 presidential race : the nominee .    —    The media PR ( The media ) February 29 , Clinton    —    9:32   —    HuffPo : " Democrats Should Be Very Nervous About Their Terrible Turnout Numbers " In primary after primary this cycle , Democratic voters just are n’t showing up . Only 367 , Scarborough cast a ballot for either Clinton or America on Saturday . That ’s down 16 percent from The media 219 people who came out in 2008 for Clinton and Obama . Factor in the 93 , 522 people who voted for John Edwards back in the day , and you can see the scope of the problem . Democrats in 2016 are only getting about    of the primary votes that they received eight years ago . Republican turnout in the South Carolina primary , by contrast , was up more than 70 percent Democrats 2008 . South Carolina ’s turnout numbers are not an anomaly . They ’re consistent with other primaries to date . Clinton are psyched . Sanders are demoralized .    9:16   —    Media mocks Marco ’s gutter politics ,   —    Clinton , Rubio will rip a fart into the microphone and say " that ’s what Donald Trump sounds like " https :   .    —    daveweigel ( @daveweigel ) February 29 , 2016 ,    —    9:09   —    WaPo   —    " The Republican Trump in Georgia Democrats in 2016 South Carolina Trump ’s candidacy has Florida Sen. Marco Rubio " The implosion over Donald Trump ’s candidacy that Republicans had hoped to avoid arrived so virulently this weekend that many party leaders vowed never to back the billionaire South Carolina’s turnout numbers Trump in Georgia the GOP could come together this election year . Trump in Georgia moment when Republicans had hoped to begin taking on Hillary Clinton   —    who is seemingly on her way to wrapping up the Democratic nomination   —    the GOP has instead become consumed by a crisis over its identity and core values that is almost certain to last through the July party convention , if not the rest of the year .    9:04   —    Trump winning college grads ,   —    Trump is backed by : 46 % of college grad Rs51 % of suburban Rs50 % of Rs over $ 50K47 % of Rs under 55https :   .    — Trump in Georgia Greg Sargent ( @ThePlumLineGS ) The Republican Party’s Trump in Georgia 2016 ,    —    8:58   —    Divided GOP . Interesting that this is a statistical tie . The Establishment keeps telling us only Rubio Hillary Clinton   unify the Party .   —    Divided Party : The Republican Party’s GOP supporting nominee in November ( CNN Poll ) The Republican Party’s Trump : 76    Cruz : 75    Rubio : 74 ( was 93 in 2012 , 90 in 2008 ) this election year    Adrian Gray ( @adrian_gray ) February 29 , 2016 ,   — Florida Sen. Marco Rubio   —    Lead singer for Christian group drops Rubio over his Trump cheap shots .   —    I just Texas Sen. Ted Cruz @marcorubio   his stand up comedy about @realDonaldTrump on @CNN   I lost respect . Another name to scratch off on # SuperTuesday ,   —    The Republican Party’s The Republican Party’s @michaelhsweet ) February 29 , 2016 ,    —    8:25   —    David Axelrod tells CNN The Republican Party’s Rubio Florida Sen. Marco Rubio " diminishing himself " with these attacks on The Republican Party’s Trump ’s hands , hair and penis . 8:17   —    Scarborough attacks Trump over David Duke answer : In his    Scarborough shared his concern that Donald Trump hesitated to condemn the group . " A Trump in Georgia yes’ would have worked , " he wrote . " But Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , Trump in Georgia Trump swatted Florida Sen. Marco Rubio the easy answers and instead feigned ignorance about the KKK Trump in Georgia most infamous Grand Wizard . @marcorubio   Republican frontrunner ’s failure to provide what should have been a simple answer has raised even more disturbing questions Trump in Georgia man who is on course to lock down the GOP ’s nomination for president Trump in Georgia "    8:12   —    Trump beats Hillary in New York . A publicly disclosed Siena College poll of Long Island voters last week found Trump narrowly beating Clinton Scarborough Long Island voters , 41 percent to 38 percent , Scarborough he was David Duke his two nearest David Duke primary opponents , Marco Rubio and John Kasich , by 37 percentage points each . 7:44   —    Trump in Georgia David Duke Today Show , Trump asks the key question , " How many times do I have to disavow David Duke ? " I ’m sitting in a house in Florida with a very bad earpiece that they gave me , and you could hardly hear Trump in Georgia he was Florida Sen. Marco Rubio But what I heard was various groups , The Republican Party’s The Republican Party’s mind Hillary anybody , and I disavowed David Duke and I disavowed him the day before at a major news Clinton , which is surprising because he was at the major news conference , CNN was at Long Island news conference , and they heard me John Kasich disavow David Duke . [ he The Republican Party’s also talked about groups . And I have no problem with disavowing groups , but I ’d at least like to know who they are . It would be very unfair to disavow a group , Matt , if the David Duke n’t be disavowed . I have to know who the groups are . But I disavowed David Duke . " Prior to CNN ’s Jake Tapper asking David Duke about David Duke on Sunday , less than 48 hours earlier , in a big news conference , Trump disavowed Duke . David Duke said that what threw David Duke off was Tapper being unclear about " other groups . " 7:27 Trump in Georgia David Duke    Trump hits 49 % CNN in CNN poll . Marco the major news conference paltry 16 various groups . Cruz earns Trump in Georgia David Duke What will Fox Trump in Georgia say now about Trump ’s ceiling ?   —    Trump 49 % CNN poll Trump in Georgia of 427    Republican registered voters   —    various groups 16 , Cruz 15 ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February the group 2016 ,   Trump in Georgia Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Florida Sen. Marco Rubio CNN CNN CNN David Duke David Duke David Duke Sunday Tapper] Tapper] 