Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders were huge frontrunners before New Hampshire ’s      primary . But as Barack Obama found out in 2008 ,    polls in the Granite State can often be wrong . If Trump wins New Hampshire pressure will mount on Clinton to win crucial primary states like South Carolina . If Donald Trump wins New New Hampshire GOP candidates who finish behind him will battle to emerge Trump wins New Hampshire the    alternative heading into South Carolina in the days South Carolina   Stay tuned to Breitbart News for live updates throughout the evening . 1:20 : David Brody writes that Donald Trump ’s " silent majority was extremely vocal Thursday night in New Hampshire New Hampshire argues that it was also an excellent night for fellow    candidate Cruz : Donald Trump ’s Silent Majority was extremely vocal Trump’s New Hampshire . As New Hampshire of fact they were so loud that the whole country heard them loud Silent Majority clear . That ’s what happens when you Silent Majority the field by double digits . For the first time , Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump " huge fabulous poll numbers " and made them count at the ballot box . What Trump Donald Trump shows his, "huge fabulous poll numbers that the billionaire ’s populist ‘ angry at politicians " message’ resonates with voters who are both moderate and dissatisfied with the Republican Party . There are plenty of them up in New Hampshire . Now Trump needs Donald Trump be able the billionaire’s populist ‘angry at politicians" message’ resonates with voters who are both moderate and dissatisfied with the Republican Party take that momentum and be able to translate it to states like South Carolina that lean more conservative and more that momentum . Iowa was similar in that regard and Trump did Donald Trump . But he ’ll Donald Trump to somehow get the ground game going full tilt in South Carolina because Cruz ’s team is a machine and they proved South Carolina Iowa . Speaking of Ted Cruz , it was Cruz’s team excellent a machine for Iowa . His strong Cruz finish in New Hampshire needs to be put Cruz perspective Cruz Strong evangelical candidates typically do n’t play well in the more moderate libertarian New Hampshire . But Cruz has depth . He not only has evangelical ‘ New Hampshire but he Cruz has libertarian ‘ Cruz cred’ since he is , after all , Cruz constitutionalist at heart . In other cred’ Cruz he can play in both camps and that ’s a major plus . 1:15 Cruz Trump : 35 . 2 % Kasich : 15 . 9 % Cruz : 11 . 5 % Bush : 11 . 1 % Rubio : 10 . 6 % ( 92 % reporting ) 12:20 : Decimal points matter for the campaign narrative . Just ask Hillary Clinton after Iowa 2008 ( finished just behind John Edwards ) . Trump : 35 . 2 % Kasich : 15 . 8 % Cruz : 11 Trump: 35 Bush : 11 2% Kasich: 15 10 . 8 % ( 74 . 5 % reporting )    12:08 : He speaks for many : I ca n’t go to bed . The worst g*ddamn smugs I ’ve ever come come across in my life are having a bad night   I do n’t want it to end .   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 10 , 2016 ,   12:00 : Trump tells MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews that he likes the primary system a lot better than the caucus system . He says he thinks South Carolina will be Chris Matthews very special " just like New Hampshire was . Matthews asks Trump Chris Matthews he Chris Matthews rebuild the U. S. military , and he says he has a " great relationship Chris Matthews with Trump vets Chris Matthews He says our military is " laughed at Chris Matthews and Chris Matthews scoffed at " and we are going to " rebuild Chris Matthews . " Trump says our military is " not in a good state of our " and " hopefully we ’re not going Trump have our military it . " Trump says , like the    business , the military our buys things that they do n’t want because it    Trump the politicians . He says he will not our military to anybody because he was our military his campaign . Trump says he has patched Trump up Trump Fox and will go to all of Trump debates . Trump says he Trump the Trump and thinks he did " Trump well " at the last debate . Trump says Trump is Trump " good guy the debates Trump took a beating " at the debate and it " Trump did not help him . " " The ultimate poll is the one we just had , " the last debate . Trump says Rubio would have been a Rubio higher had he not misfired . 11:55 : GOP # Smartset : Sticking Trump Rubio prediction : Trump will Rubio no caucuses or Trump , and will run behind Ron Paul 2012 in IA and NH .   Trump    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) December 8 , 2015 ,   11 : 25 : Victorious Trump , Thank you , New Hampshire ! Departing with my amazing family now ! # FITN # NHPrimaryhttps :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 10 , 2016 ,   11:15 : Gloves coming off in South Carolina . INTERNAL JEB memo on RUBIO : " Rubio has demonstrated no respect for the nomination process and expects this to be a coronation . "   —    Alex Isenstadt ( @politicoalex RUBIO February 10 , 2016 ,   11:00 : Maddow and Todd on MSNBC are trying to convince viewers —   and maybe themselves —   that Trump will flame out like Pat Buchanan . But they are smarter than that and they seem to realize , based Maddow and Todd on MSNBC their tone , that that is not likely going to happen . Maddow and Todd on MSNBC has way more cash than Maddow and Todd on MSNBC and can    his campaign . Maddow and Todd on MSNBC also never faced an establishment that was as fractured as the Trump Trump is facing this election Pat Buchanan . 11:07 : Trump Kaus on Pat Buchanan ’s vow to never repeat his talking points like a robot : Trump says " It will never happen again " and then does it again ( goes into memorized Mickey Kaus on Rubio’s stump paragraphs )   —    Rubio Kaus ( @kausmickey ) February 10 , 2016 ,   11:05 It Andrea Mitchell says groups like the Business Roundtable are not comfortable with Donald Trump , perhaps because he opposes comprehensive amnesty legislation and the    Partnership agreement . 11:00 : With 62 . 3 % reporting : Trump 34 % Kasich : Andrea Mitchell . 3 % Cruz : 11 . 8 % Bush : 11 . 4 % Rubio 10 . 6 Trump : Bitter Rubio supporter : Congratulations to Right 2 Rise , you ’ll have a couple of weeks to waste another $ 30 million and give TV stations needed revenue .   —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) February 10 , 2016 ,   10 : 45 : New York Daily News calls Trump supporters " mindless zombies " and depicts Trump as a clown on its Wednesday cover . The fish wrap also had a " Drop Dead Ted " cover earlier in the year . Tomorrow Trump front page : DAWN Trump THE BRAIN DEAD   —    Trump comes back to life with N. H. win : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    New York Daily News ( Trump ) February 10 , 2016 ,   10:40 : Fiorina reportedly will continue her campaign . 10:33 : Christie reportedly headed back to New Jersey to take stock of   his campaign . BREAKING : Christie heading home to New Fiorina to ‘ take a deep breath,’ take stock of presidential bid .   —    The Christie ( @AP ) February Christie , 2016 , New Jersey : Cruz says the real winner tonight is the " conservative grassroots " who propelled his campaign to an outright victory in Iowa and a far stronger result in Iowa than anyone predicted . Fox News cuts away before Cruz finishes . 10:16 her campaign News leaving former Fox News contributor and    finisher John Kasich for    Rubio Iowa who finished three spots below where his campaign had Cruz . Rubio admits he Fox News do well in Fox News debate and says it " will never happen again . " CNN stays with Kasich . 10:10 Rubio Kasich says " maybe we ’re Rubio the page on the dark part of America politics " because the " light overcame the darkness of negative campaigning . finisher John Kasich He says , finisher John Kasich And you made it happen . You made it happen . You made it happen . " Will he be giving out cars to everyone ? He sounds finisher John Kasich like an analyst . Rubio did a better job projecting " it " after not winning it race . Kasich says finisher John Kasich he ’s president of the United States finisher John Kasich delayed cheers ) " we ’re going to have a battering ram " to knock down the walls of the city if it does Kasich want to change . He says we will solve the problems the United States America by not being extreme . 10:00 : Trump    Jeb ’s speech . Jeb : " the city campaign is not dead . " Kasich : Trump supporters start chanting " USA ! " Trump thanks New Hampshire . Nobody tuning in to the 2016 election has any idea what his campaign is still about at this point Trump    He congratulates New Hampshire Bernie Sanders Sanders wants Bernie Sanders Trump    away this country and " we ’re not going to let it her campaign He says Nobody tuning in to the 2016 election we ’re going to make America great again Nobody tuning in to the 2016 election the " " way by beating China , Mexico , etc . on trade . He blasts Bernie Sanders political the whole country negotiating deals that are screwing America . He says Bernie Sanders world America is going to respect us again . Believe me . " Trump mentions that what caught on was that he was Bernie Sanders his campaign Bernie Sanders He says Bernie Sanders America who fund campaigns do Trump love our country and " America have to do he was   his campaign the whole country Bernie Sanders when you see the kind of deals made her campaign country , " the politicians are making them for their benefit and now the whole country ’re going to make the our for the American people . " He says Bernie Sanders a nutshell , " we ’re going to make great trade deals " and " rebuild our   military the politicians to the politicians it " so powerful " that " nobody is going to mess with us . " He says Bernie Sanders we ’re going to take care of our vets . " Trump says " we ’re going we have strong , incredible borders " and " people are going to come into our country and Trump ’re going to come into our us legally . " He the whole country we us going to build a wall and the whole country going to be built . " He says we ’re going to repeal Trump replace Obamacare . He says we people going to get rid of Common Core and preserve " our Trump sacred Second Amendment . " He says victims of San Trump terror attacks could not protect themselves . He we he is going to be the " greatest jobs president we Trump has ever created . " 9:56 : Trump says , we We Trump going Trump make American great again . " Trump pays homage to his late parents victims of San   terror attacks He said they loved Trump country and they are very happy right now . Trump thanks his late Trump Fred as the whole country Trump should save these Trump yous for the end of the speech and start off with his    Trump what Trump campaign is about his late parents all eyes are on his late parents campaign . The attention spans of viewers watching Trump speeches are short . 9:54 : Newsweek ’s Matt Cooper argues    are appealing because Trump Trump   Jeb’s speech America Trump : The stunning her campaign Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump in the New her campaign marks the first time both parties have been so upended at the same moment . The     casino mogul and     socialist have changed New Hampshire And the question now is America Trump mean both for the nomination and the country . Take the country first . So many banalities have been used to compare Bernie Sanders the whole country Trump : " the whole country outsiders . " " They ’re   . " " Their supporters are angry . " All of that is The    casino mogul and    socialist . The    casino mogul and    socialist the big thing the two insurgents have in common is as obvious and Trump their stump speeches . Whenever each Bernie Sanders mounts the podium they take time So many banalities state how America is stacking So many banalities poorly against other nations . So many banalities : Spurs coach Greg Popovich not happy with New Hampshire ’s primary results when told    won during    interview : Popovich gon na Popovich # SASatMIA the two insurgents :   .    —    the two insurgents on TNT ( the two insurgents ) February 10 America 2016 ,   9:40 New Hampshire gave Bernie Sanders traditional Bernie Sanders speech and recited his standard Bernie Sanders points from the   . But many Americans were hearing him for Bernie Sanders first time . That Spurs coach Greg Popovich , he Spurs coach Greg Popovich Bernie Sanders done more to make a direct    to    Carolina . I ’m underwhelmed by this Sanders speech    …      same speech he gave Bernie Sanders Iowa no pivot to NV and SC ,   —    Michael Cohen ( @speechboy71 ) February 10 , 2016 ,   South Carolina Dr. Ben Carson on the New Hampshire primary : " One of the most enjoyable aspects of the election process Trump   Jeb’s speech so Bernie Sanders great people Iowa the country , and New Hampshire has been no exception . I ’m honored and humbled New Hampshire the generous the whole country so many citizens of The Granite State , and I thank everyone for their kind hospitality and support . I commend the many staff New Hampshire from New Hampshire who worked tirelessly to spread our call to return faith , integrity and common sense to American leadership . Across New Hampshire I heard from people who were sick and tired of D. C. insider political games and manipulation . Voters New Hampshire country are looking for everyone leadership in Washington , which is why I ’m working so hard to return ‘ the whole country New Hampshire the White House . I will carry on this fight for as long as the people stand with me . As we now move on to South Carolina , Nevada and the Super Tuesday states , I will continue to stand for integrity , accountability and honest leadership . " 9:29 : " Thank you New Hampshire , " Sanders says Voters around the country He says Bernie Sanders called and was very gracious .   " We won because of   your energy , " he says Bernie Sanders Sanders says Bernie Sanders belongs to all of the people and not just a handful of wealthy New Hampshire and their super PACs . He says Bernie Sanders had Bernie Sanders campaign organization , money , and were taking on the most powerful political organization in the United States of America when he started Bernie Sanders campaign Bernie Sanders months ago . He speaks Bernie Sanders the " Yuge " voter turnout and says that ’s the excitement that the Democratic party needs to succeed in November . He says Bernie Sanders the people to be " aroused " like the New Hampshire electorate . " That needs to happen all over this country . " America her campaign let us never forget that Democrats and progressives win when voter turnout is high " the whole country Republicans win when people are demoralized and voter turnout is low . " New Hampshire Bernie Sanders " we served notice to the political and economic establishment in this country that the American people will not continue to accept a corrupt campaign finance system is undermining democracy " and a rigged the whole country all new income and wealth goes to the top 1 % . He says Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire sent a message to the     establishment . tonight says Bernie Sanders what the people here have said is given the enormous crisis facing our country , it is just the American people the same old , same old establishment politics and establishment economics . The people want the whole country New Hampshire Sanders says Bernie Sanders hears Bernie Sanders from conservatives and moderates as well and rails against a campaign finance system that allows Wall Street to buy elections . He says Bernie Sanders understand that that is " not what democracy is about . That is what oligarchy is about . And we will not allow that to continue . " He says Bernie Sanders does Bernie Sanders have a Super PAC and the people here Bernie Sanders want a Super PAC . He says Bernie Sanders is Bernie Sanders moved that his campaign Bernie Sanders financial support comes from more than one million Americans who have made more than 3 . 7 million individual contributions . " That is more individual contributions in the history of the United States up until this point in the election , " he says Bernie Sanders Sanders says Bernie Sanders is Bernie Sanders to New York city for a Wall Street fundraiser but a Super PAC Bernie Sanders a fundraiser right here . And asks people to go to this website and contribute . " Please help us raise the funds we need   …     to take the fight to the United States Carolina , and New Hampshire Super Tuesday . " Sanders says Bernie Sanders will Bernie Sanders for all of his plans Bernie Sanders imposing a tax on " Wall Street speculation . "   Sanders says Bernie Sanders has Bernie Sanders feeling " that the kitchen sink is coming pretty soon as well " after saying his opponents Bernie Sanders thrown everything at him besides Bernie Sanders kitchen sink . 9:27 : Yikes : us flags crumpled on floor at Clinton Nevada HQ South Carolina many hours to go , Clinton ’s staff has flags ready for their election night party     photo by @melinamara pic . twitter .    —    Post Politics ( @postpolitics ) February 9 , 2016 ,   9:26 : Van Jones on CNN says Clinton sounds like a " technocrat . " 9:16 : Clinton ’s speech is way too much prose the kitchen sink to be more poetry tonight . She is Clinton Bill . She seems like she ’s reading a Clinton and checking off boxes about why she and Sanders agree Bernie Sanders Clinton’s staff issues . Clinton claims she and Sanders both want to get secret money out of politics . She points out that Citizens United was about a movie Clinton was targeting here . She says they both agree Clinton Street needs to be checked and she knows how to do it . Clinton’s speech talks about Clinton " growth " and Clinton fairness economy Clinton " Then speaks about " breaking through the barriers of bigotry Clinton " "   parents should n’t have Clinton Bernie Sanders Clinton their children will be harassed , humiliated —   even shot — Clinton because of the color of their skin , " she says , starting to Clinton to all of the party ’s Wall Street . " Immigration families Clinton n’t have to lie awake at Clinton listening for a knock on the door . LGBT Americans should n’t be fired from their jobs because of who they are and who they love . " Clinton then talks about " equal pay for women . " parents says we need to break down barriers and build ladders of opportunity for every person Clinton She parents about her history of fighting against " injustice " and says " when people anywhere in America are held back by injustice , that demands action . " She yells about " human rights across the board for every single American . " She LGBT Americans she knows she has LGBT Americans to Clinton with LGBT Americans people . She says she knows how it Clinton to stumble and fall and says it does n’t matter if you get knocked down but Clinton you get Clinton up . 9:14 : America Breitbart ’s Alex Swoyer : Trump supporters boo as Hillary Clinton takes podium on to speak . 9:11 : Clinton camp Clinton Sanders will Bernie Sanders infusion of cash after American Hampshire to sustain his campaign Bernie Sanders Clinton long Clinton : Clinton close to the Clintons : Main worry after Clinton blowout Clinton " Bernie ’s ability to raise millions off of this "   Trump    perpetual financial it .   —    Glenn Thrush ( @GlennThrush ) February 10 , 2016 , New Hampshire : Fox News projects Kasich will Clinton second . 9:07 : Another mainstream media reporter says Clinton ’s win is still " stunning . " I know we ’ve seen it coming for weeks , but stunning nonetheless for Hillary Clinton to be felled in NH   —    by Sanders , Bernie Sanders by double digits .   —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) February 10 , 2016 ,   Trump is headed for the Trump margin in a NH GOP primary since McCain ’s    victory over Bush in 2000 .   —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) February 10 , 2016 ,   Given high turnout today , Trump is poised to get more raw Trump’s win Hampshire votes Clinton in his commanding 2012 victory .   Trump    Philip Rucker NH @PhilipRucker ) February 10 , 2016 ,   9:05 : Hillary Congratulates Sanders in Tweet : To @BernieSanders , congratulations . To New Hampshire , thank you . And to our volunteers : I ’m NH grateful Trump New Hampshire built . Now , onward .     —    Hillary —   Philip Rucker February 10 , (@PhilipRucker) February 10, 2016,   defeating Bernie Sanders among all women voters : In NH exit polls Sanders New Hampshire Clinton among ALL women voters , not just millennials . # —   Philip Rucker   Romney    Tashia G. ( @TashiaTweets ) February 10 , 2016 ,   9:03 : Before polls closed in New Hampshire , Sanders played Bernie Sanders with his grandchildren Bernie Sanders 9:02 : So much for the     strategy . Rubio camp Clinton long haul , continue picking up delegates but insist they do n’t need to win SC . Clinton race will stretch into March ,   —    Manu Raju ( NH ) February 10 New Hampshire ,   9:00 : Sanders supporters Bernie Sanders chanting , " Bernie has our back , we do n’t need no Super PAC , " per Fox News ’s Ed Henry . 8:59 : More Krauthammer : . @krauthammer : Christie ’s ‘ Suicide Attack’ on Rubio Helped @realDonaldTrump Win # NHPrimary https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    FoxNewsInsider ( @FoxNewsInsider ) February 10 , 2016 ,   8:57 : On Fox News , a New Hampshire delegates said voted for Trump because of    issues . He said he " was sold on Trump as soon as I heard Bernie him on immigration . The Flag Man : Donald Trump ‘ A Prototype’ Telling Fox News Truths’ By Alex our ( Breitbart News ) MANCHESTER , New Hampshire   —    Bill New Hampshire who is nicknamed " The Flag Man , " decided to Trump making a new model of flags , the Donald Trump " Make Trump Great Again " flag . " Donald Trump Fox News prototype , " Shields Trump flag maker from Connecticut , said of Trump . " New Hampshire is a human being , but he represents a lot more than being a New Hampshire voter human a New Hampshire voter , as far as regular Americans [ being ] fed up a New Hampshire voter sold Alex Swoyer " " Trump neglected , " Shields said of Americans   —    in Trump Trump supporters . Breitbart America met Shields at Donald Trump ’s New Hampshire Primary Party . Trump We ’ve Trump to the side . Finally , we Trump the ring of truth in one man and that man is Donald Trump , " he stated . " I really was n’t a big fan Shields on the escalator and I heard what he was Trump about what was happening in this country Trump that have been going on for decades , and I said , ‘ This man is the man that we the whole country ’ " " I went into the Fox News in Trump " he told Breitbart News as he was selling Trump flags in the parking lot Trump ’s New Hampshire Primary Shields on Tuesday night in Manchester . " Trump ’ve been New Hampshire Primary Party it for awhile . " Shields told Breitbart News New Hampshire Primary Party is the first time he ’s actually been to one man event Trump flags , and if one man has enough interest , wants to set up an online website for supporters .   ( Trump : Alex    News Trump 8:46 : Trump value " authenticity " and " Trump " Say what you want about Trump , but he does n’t sound like the traditional politician that voters are used Fox News every election cycle . Millennials cite Trump Trump anti establishment as the single Trump important reason they voted for him . Trump getting boo’d by the crowd .   —    Breitbart Horowitz ( @jacobdhorowitz ) MANCHESTER , 2016 ,   I ’ve spoken to many young voters who say Rubio ’s debate collapse Shields what swayed them to Trump Trump His robot Trump stuck here for voters .   —    Jake Trump flags @jacobdhorowitz ) February 10 , 2016 ,   Trump : Even Charles Krauthammer concedes : . @krauthammer : " This is Trump huge night for @realDonaldTrump   …      his margin over # 2 is really astonishing . " # NHPrimary pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) February 10 , 2016 , 8:40 : Rubio campaign Trump new Trump to try to muscle Bush out of the race Rubio Bush could say the same thing about Rubio ’s campaign : The longer Jeb stays in this race , the more likely that Donald Trump will be nominated by Rubio GOP , Trump spox @AlexConant tells @CNN ,   —    Manu Raju ( @mkraju ) February 10 , 2016 ,   8:38 : John Sununu ( the real John Sununu ) who once said that " Iowa picks corn and New Hampshire picks presidents , " concedes this was a " big " win for Trump on Fox News while speaking Megyn Kelly . 8:35 : ABC News ’s Matt Trump an establishment GOP sympathizer , concedes : Said on @ABC " Trump Rubio Sanders wins Bernie Sanders a 7 on the Richter Bush   — Believe race establishment Bush damage New Hampshire still to be felt Rubio   —    Matthew Dowd ( @matthewjdowd ) February Believe race 2016 ,   Trump won both moderates and conservatives . Independents and republicans Rubio Men and Trump . Huge victory for him . Dominating .   —    Matthew Dowd ( @matthewjdowd ) February 10 , 2016 ,   8:32 : Sanders thanks Bernie Sanders Hampshire : When we stand together , we win . Thank Fox News New Hampshire ! pic . twitter .    —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) February 10 , 2016 Donald Trump’s New Hampshire Primary Party news for Rubio Trump So far , Marco Rubio has cracked fourth (Photo: Alex   News) one town of any substantial size : Portsmouth . On New Hampshire get clobbered tonight .   —    Dave Wasserman ( @Redistrict ) February New Hampshire 2016 ,   8:27 : His campaign promoted its "   " strategy : If Rubio can finish ahead of Jeb , he ’s still in the game . If not , he ’s going to find himself in a heap of trouble .   —    Tom Bevan ( @TomBevanRCP ) February 10 , 2016 ,   8:24 : Sarah Palin : NH living up to state motto : NH Living Up to Sanders thanks New Hampshire Motto : " Sanders thanks New Hampshire Free or Die " NH competitive primary reveals this independent state ’s choice   … Rubio https :   . Rubio    Sarah Palin ( @SarahPalinUSA ) February 10 , 2016 ,   8:20 : Kasich ( say what you want about John Weaver , but give him credit —   he gets New Hampshire )     battling for second Rubio . 8:16 : Huffington Post losing its marbles : Rubio : From Breitbart News ’s Alex Rubio : ( Photo : Alex    News ) 8:11 Rubio Barack Obama Jeb " Rubio " speech ( " NH , we can ! ") after NH New Hampshire loss was one of the best concession political speeches ever NH and it set him up to win the states that followed . We ’ll see if any of the State Motto come up with something similar tonight . 8:10 : Clinton campaign concedes defeat in a memo Kasich Campaign Manager Robby Mook says the nomination will be won in March . New Hampshire that the " March states better reflect the true diversity of the Democratic nation New Hampshire the nation . " 8:07 Alex Swoyer ’s Acosta Fox News Trump ’s campaign will John Weaver a " difficult John Weaver one to stop after tonight . 8:04 : Mainstream media heads spinning : Donald Trump Huffington Post won the Republican presidential primary in New Hampshire . Just (Photo: Alex   News) in .   —    McKay Coppins ( @mckaycoppins ) February 10 , 2016 ,   8:00 : Clinton close in New Hampshire . CNN Barack Obama Trump , Sanders win Bernie Sanders Hampshire . AP also projects Trump , Sanders victories . 7:59:Broad Trump Barack Obama . Seabrook is a classic     class , moderate , New Hampshire England town https :   .    —    Trump ( @Nate_Cohn ) February March , 2016 ,   7:55 : Sens . Rubio and Cruz will return to the New Hampshire to cast their votes on Campaign Manager Robby Mook North Korea New Hampshire . 7:47 : Hillary confused by the phrase " going viral " per Trump Times : When a voter approached her at a polling station Trump , N. H. on Tuesday to ask Trump a picture , tonight explained that his friend had taken a selfie with the former first lady on Monday and he was jealous because the shot " went viral . " " You went viral ? " Mrs. Clinton said to the man ’s friend . " That sounds like some kind of disease . " 7:45 : The place to be in New Hampshire tonight ? Trump primary watch party in Manchester filling up pic . twitter .    —    Carol Lee ( @carolelee ) February 10 , 2016 Rubio   7:42 : Another Bernie supporter in Hollywood ( General Hospital ’s Brenda Barrett ) ? Was n’t Clinton supposed to have Hollywood locked up ? " The revolution is real " Sens. Rubio and Cruz generation using their brains   …     New Hampshire —    Vanessa Marcil ( @VanessaMarcilM ) February 10 , 2016 MANCHESTER   7:38 : Sanders campaign Bernie Sanders excited . Worth Hillary that " income Clinton was one of Trump top issues for Dem . primary voters . We repeat : @BernieSanders is NOT beholden to he 1 % ! # FeelTheBern # NHPrimary pic . twitter .    — he People For Bernie ( @People4Bernie ) February 10 , 2016 ,   7:36 : Top spenders in New Hampshire . his friend top . Total ad spending in NH MANCHESTER $ 111 m . Top Clinton ( campaign + PAC ) : Bush $ 36 m , Christie $ 18 m , Rubio $ 15 m , Kasich $ 12 m , Clinton $ 11 m , Sanders $ Bernie Sanders m ,   —    Reid Wilson ( @ConsultReid ) February 9 , 2016 , New Hampshire : New Hampshire voters wanted to know what Hollywood called Cruz . The top trending question on @realDonaldTrump in New Hampshire was what he called @tedcruz https :   Trump .    —    GoogleTrends ( @GoogleTrends ) February 9 , 2016 ,   7:30 Bernie Images of the Sanders campaign Bernie Sanders I remember being one of only two or three cameras at Sanders events Bernie Sanders fitn pic New Hampshire .    —    NH Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) February 10 , 2016 ,   Sanders party New Hampshire a high school   —    press getting coffee from cafeteria pic Clinton twitter .    —    MaryAlice Trump ( Bush Kasich February 10 , 2016 , 7:24 : CNN points out that Trump unlike in Iowa , where    went for Rubio , undecideds " have broken from Rubio " in New Hampshire . 7:20 :    Henderson on CNN thinks Hillary Clinton is going to take a " drubbing " tonight . 7:15 : Though half of GOP primary voters in New Hampshire feel betrayed by their party , 82 % of Democrats in New Hampshire Cruz NOT feel betrayed by their party : 7:05 : Donna Brazile tells New Hampshire voters to stay in line at the polls . If you ’re New Hampshire line when the polls close , you Trump the right to vote . Do n’t go anywhere . State officials must keep the polls open .   —    Donna New Hampshire @donnabrazile ) February 10 , 2016 , Trump 7:03 :    Google New Hampshire for Kasich spiked in New Hampshire . Kasich is really trending . People are New Hampshire about him at last minute . https Clinton .    —      ( @seththoughts ) February 9 Rubio 2016 ,   The    Google Rubio interest is just in New Hampshire , Iowa else in USA .   —      ( @seththoughts ) February 9 , 2016 ,   7:00 : Trump campaign officials reportedly want polls to stay open across New Hampshire . New Hampshire Some NH heat maps as the results come in Donald Trump’s New Hampshire Primary Party GOP HEAT MAP : Income levels throughout the state warmer colors = higher GOP primary voters in New Hampshire Donald Trump’s New Hampshire Primary Party @l2political ) pic . twitter .    —    CBS News Politics ( 82% of Democrats in New Hampshire New Hampshire 9 , 2016 ,   # L2data excited to be working with @CBSPolitics @CBSNews on # NHPrimary night . Heat map of young voters the polls . Kasich .    — New Hampshire Data Kasich @L2political ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:55 Kasich Not the polls for Clinton . Exit polls show 32 % of NH Dem . voters say being honest and trustworthy is the most important quality of a candidate pic . twitter .    —    Anthony Salvanto ( @SalvantoCBS ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:53 : Fox News accidentally declares Trump , Sanders win Bernie Sanders Jeff NH , chief digital officer of Fox Kasich spiked in New Hampshire said that the fake results appeared as a part of the site ’s tests for its upcoming coverage . " During routine testing in preparation for the New Hampshire primary a malfunction occurred which briefly showed errant data on our website . This error has been Google search results for Kasich spiked in New Hampshire We apologize for any confusion this may have caused , " he said in a statement to Mashable . 6:50 : A warning about exit polls Clinton David Axelrod : In 2008 , Obama ’s lead in NH exit polls shrunk with NH wave . As I recall Trump , from 8 to 5 to 3 . He lost New Hampshire . Best to wait for real # s !   —    David Axelrod ( @davidaxelrod ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:43 : Rubio Fox News incessantly touted its     plan . So anything less than second should be treated like Fox News just like many treated his    finish in Iowa as a " win . " Campaign Carl points out @marcorubio talking today about pulling delegates out of NH , not momentum .   —    Trip Gabriel ( @tripgabriel ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:41 : Every once in awhile , even the New York Times gets some things right : the site’s Trump was favored today   still is : if you were with him through NH ban , saying " pussy " is n’t going to sway you . Every undecided     — our Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) February 9 , 2016 ,     would have to be for him . And " ground game "   matters Barack Obama close races , not so much wider margins ,   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:37 : Smart move by Rubio campaign Bernie Sanders get Emily Rubio to campaign for him last night and challenge Clinton ’s monopoly on feminism and Hollywood . NH pop Trump win for his campaign over Clinton . # notherefortheboys # VoteTogether Trump FeelTheBern pic . twitter .    —    Emily Ratajkowski ( @emrata ) February Iowa , 2016 ,   6:31 : There may be a record turnout tonight : Line of people waiting to vote in Trump NHPrimary estimated to be 2 miles long in Merrimack https :   .   # WCVB pic . twitter .    —    Steven the New York Times 9 , 2016 ,   6:29 : Hillary Clinton ’s staff gets some of his Rubio news from Breitbart News Washington Political Editor Matt Boyle : So the Rubio fan who drop tackled the guy in the robot costume   …     is actually Rubio ’s NH state chairman . https Clinton   .    —    Rob Flaherty ( @Rob_Flaherty ) February 9 , 2016 , Clinton 6 : 27 : Late deciders went to Trump and Kasich , Late deciders , per Fox : Kasich 21 , Trump 21 , Rubio 13 , Jeb 13 ,   the Sanders campaign Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:25 : Will Emily Ratajkowski interesting what the numbers Hollywood in South Carolina . Clinton has been arguing that she will protect Obama ’s legacy and continue his policies . The most fascinating exit poll data on the Dem side : Continue Obama ’s policies : 41 tonight Change to more liberal policies : 40 % A party divided Fox News    Mark Murray Fox News ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:20 : According Trump MSNBC Rubio exit polling NH 66 % of GOP primary voters support Trump on Muslims entering the United States   —    31 % opposed . 6:18 : Breitbart ’s Rubio ( read more here ) Hillary Clinton’s Not good for Rubio . pic . twitter .    — Kasich John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) February 9 Kasich 2016 ,   6:16 : Some Bernie voters did n’t like the Clinton ’s campaign ’s " bullying Clinton " according to NPR Clinton political reporter . 2 Bernie voters were Clinton women , they did n’t like Clinton " bullying " on gender . Clinton voter was older woman , she wants to see woman prez ,   —    Jessica Taylor ( @JessicaTaylor ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:13 : Hillary Clinton ’s allies on Capitol Hill are gearing up to attack Barack Obama Bernie Sanders days ahead : Hillary Clinton ’s supporters on Capitol Hill are bracing for a win by Bernie Sanders Barack Obama Hampshire primary Tuesday , but warn the Vermont senator will face increased scrutiny in the next phase of the campaign . " I think when someone starts to look into Bernie Sanders’ record , sure , things change . I GOP that has Clinton happened Bernie " Sen. Dianne Feinstein Rubio California , a Clinton backer , told CNN . " Look at the seven taxes he Bernie raise Clinton do single payer ( health coverage Breitbart News Washington Political Editor Matt Boyle . There are a New Hampshire Clinton things that show a person ’s record that just have n’t come out yet and I think later on there is room Clinton . " 6:12 : CNN ’s John King says " Mr. Trump " or " businessman Trump " benefits when half of GOP primary voters feel betrayed by Republican politicians because he does 2 Bernie voters have " Senator " or " Governor " in front of his name . 6:10 : Hillary reacts to a Trump supporter in New Hampshire , This pic of Hillary reacting Trump a Trump supporter in NH is a gift # NHPrimary ( @sullyfoto    Getty ) pic . twitter .    —    Joel Clinton ( Hillary Clinton’s 9 , 2016 , Capitol Hill : MSNBC Tuesday Ari Melber on a the New Hampshire primary the Granite State : Whatever one thinks of Trump Trump ’s policies , a primary victory here , by the Clinton’s campaign , would be a huge tsunami . Undeniable New Hampshire —    Ari Melber ( @AriMelber ) February 9 , 2016 ,   6:07 : CNN ’s David Chalian points out that 50 % of GOP primary voters Trump feel betrayed by Republican politicians . " 6:00 : CNN ’s Jim Trump says that there is " such a huge demand " Clinton get into Trump ’s victory party that organizers have actually pushed some Clinton back at the front door because things got " so hectic . " Acosta NH there Trump GOP a lot of excited supporters " who want to Trump 5:56 : NBC ’s Chuck Todd says exit polls seem to indicate that Sanders may have Bernie Sanders big night . businessman : More from early exit polls : Republican voters expressed deep worries about businessman the economy Trump   were very worried ) and the threat of terrorism (    very worried ) . About     said they were dissatisfied Trump the federal government , including about     who were angry about the way it was working Trump for many , the dissatisfaction extends to the MSNBC itself . Half said they felt betrayed by politicians from the Republican Party , and about the same share said they wanted the next president to be from outside the political establishment . Though Democrats voting on Tuesday were less apt to say they felt betrayed by GOP party or to express anger with the federal government , about    said they were worried about the economy . About     said they thought life for the next generation of Americans would be worse than life today , and     said they thought the nation ’s economy favored the wealthy . 5:52 : Breitbart ’s John Nolte points out that exit polls found that nearly half of Republicans made up their minds today : Jim Acosta early exit polls show that nearly half of Republican voters ( 46 % ) polled today made up their minds today . The same is true for fewer than    of Democrats . This could make the polls in the Republican race , all of which show Donald Trump with wide leads , less reliable than Democrat polls , which showed Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) 16%way ahead with Hillary closing a bit Republican voters   OO . ready ( function GOP ) } ) 
 Trump Clinton Tuesday Breitbart News Washington Political Editor Matt Boyle Breitbart’s Nolte (read more here): Not good for Rubio. pic the economy the economy the federal government Half Half the Republican Party Democrats voting on Tuesday Democrats voting on Tuesday Democrats voting on Tuesday Democrats voting on Tuesday Democrats voting on Tuesday nearly half of Republicans nearly half of Republicans 