  ( CNN ) Mike Pence demonstrated the benefit of preparing for a debate     the question is whether Donald Trump will heed the lesson . Donald Trump delivered a smooth performance at Tuesday ’s vice presidential debate , lobbing attacks at Hillary Clinton with far greater effect than Trump in Donald Trump week ’s showdown . Facing a feisty Tim Kaine , whose debate appearance will likely be remembered for his aggressive Donald Trump , Pence was calm and refused to be baited . But defending the polarizing GOP nominee was an almost impossible assignment as Pence was Pence to dodge questions and the trail of explosive rhetoric strewn by Trump over Donald Trump last 18 months . The constant controversies have bolstered the Clinton campaign ’s momentum and claims that the real estate magnate is simply not fit to serve as President of the United States . " He is not a polished politician like you and Hillary Clinton , " Pence said Pence when Kaine challenged him to Kaine a controversial comment by Trump that Donald Trump who get an abortion should be punished . ( Trump later Donald Trump that remark . ) CNN Reality Check   Pence said he Pence " happy " to defend Trump , but Donald Trump often ignored Kaine ’s assaults Kaine the GOP nominee , denied some of his running mate Kaine most controversial quotes , or sought to turn the attack back against Clinton over vulnerabilities like her private email Clinton and record as secretary of state . Road test for next debate , The clash at Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia , allowed both campaigns to road test fresh attacks that Clinton and Trump Clinton use during the second presidential debate on Sunday , which will be    by CNN ’s Anderson Cooper . It served as a possible reset moment for both campaigns after a week dominated by a series of troubles for Trump following his Trump debate Trump last week and a stunning New York Times report over the weekend that a loss of more than $ 900 million could have resulted in him not paying Trump for 18 years . It ’s unclear It Pence ’s strong performance will rub off on Trump . " Trump media is saying Pence won , Pence did n’t really defend Trump , " Trump senior Trump campaign aide Trump . " That is n’t setting well with the boss . " Kaine , a Virginia senator , was aggressive and sometimes frenetic , a style that threatened to irritate viewers at times by interrupting his rival at the debate table . He repeatedly recalled his ’s harsh Trump women , Mexicans and    and accused the Republican nominee of harboring admiration for hardline leaders such as Russian President Vladimir Putin and Kim    of North Korea who view the US as an enemy . " Six times tonight , I have said to Gov. Pence , I ca n’t image how you can defend your running mate ’s position on one issue or the next and on all six issues , he has refused to Gov. Pence his running mate , Gov. Pence Kaine said . " And yet , he is asking everybody Kaine vote for someone he can not defend Kaine " GOP distances itself from Trump     GOP , Kaine came prepared with Kaine zingers , branding Pence as Trump ’s apprentice and Trump     of television viewers at home : " Do you want a you ’re hired President with Hillary Clinton or do you want a you ’re fired President with Donald Trump ? " The Trump     Trump for speaking Trump     as rapists Trump     criminals , to which Pence responded : " You whipped out Pence Mexican thing again . " Pence wins , A CNN instant poll conducted after the event showed that 48 % of viewers who watched the debate believed that Pence won and 42 % thought Kaine Pence victorious . The poll , however , does not A CNN instant poll conducted after the event views of all Americans and samples only those who watched the debate . Its sample of    broke down as 41 % Democratic and 30 % Republican , reflecting the    of the television audience . Veep debate in 140 characters ( and more ) Pence may be scored the winner on style points , though his evasions on defending Trump could end up Veep more of a story in the days to come . Pence ’s solid performance may also have cheered Trump ’s camp following the Republican nominee ’s Trump since his first debate with Clinton which has seen him the Republican nominee off topic , feud with a former the Republican nominee Universe over her weight , bring up Bill Clinton 1990s sex Clinton and defend his taxes Clinton ’s performance , and the decision Clinton repeatedly stress Trump ’s liabilities and press the case for women ’s and minority rights , may also have fired up Democratic base voters , as the Clinton campaign seeks to build late emerging enthusiasm for her Clinton . But vice presidential debates rarely change the the Clinton campaign presidential elections . And Tuesday ’s clash will likely fade from memory within days in the    to Sunday ’s crucial second presidential debate between Trump and Clinton . Only then will voters learn whether Trump can harness his emotions and volatile personality and build the Trump of case Trump Clinton that Pence was able to construct on Tuesday . Kaine Clinton strategy , Kaine ’s strategy on Tuesday night     to brand Trump as Kaine unacceptable choice for President     was clear Trump opening answer when he said that for him and his wife President     who have a Kaine deployed overseas as President     Marine President     " the thought of Donald Trump as commander in chief scares us to death . " He brought up Trump ’s suggestions that nations like Japan , South President     and Saudi Donald Trump get nuclear weapons , which Pence denied his running mate had ever said . Pence also denied that he President     Trump had both said that Putin was Pence better leader President     Obama , Donald Trump both clearly made that case . Pence argued that if anyone is running he and Trump insult driven campaign , it Pence Clinton . He said Trump ’s comments were " small potatoes compared to Hillary President     calling half Donald Trump Trump ’s supporters a basket full of deplorables Clinton Pence made an effective assault on the Obama administration ’s foreign policy , which Pence said had been orchestrated by Clinton , reflecting the underlying theme President     the campaign   —    a contrast between Clinton and change . He said after Clinton traveled the world as secretary of state , President     was less safe than when Clinton took office in 2009 .   " It ’s absolutely inarguable , " Pence Obama . " Mostly , it ’s been a lack of leadership . " But Kaine framed national security questions It a test of Trump ’s character , which he said would be lacking as    . " He trash talks the military , Kaine Kaine said . " He wants to tear Kaine alliances . . .. He loves Kaine . Last and Kaine dangerously , Donald Trump believes that the world Kaine be safer if more nations have nuclear weapons . " Clinton Foundation had filing issues , too , Pence mocked Kaine for what he said was a    line .   " Did you work Kaine that one Kaine long time , because that had a lot of really creative lines in it ? " Pence said , and branded the    campaign nothing but an " avalanche of insults Pence " In an apparent departure from Trump ’s stated policy on Syria , Pence said the US should be open to military action against Syrian targets of the Pence of President Bashar    if what he called Russian provocations     namely attacks on civilians in besieged    areas of the President Bashar    of Aleppo     continue . " I just have to tell you that the provocations by Russia need to be met with American strength , and if Russia chooses to be involved and continue , I should say to be involved in Russia barbaric attack on civilians in Aleppo , the United States of America should be prepared to use military force to strike military targets of the Assad regime to prevent them from this humanitarian crisis that is taking place in Aleppo , " Pence said military targets of the Assad regime Pence also called for the setting up of safe zones for civilians in Syria     an idea that has been considered by the US government     and also Syria by Clinton , But Clinton has been judged impractical given the military complications it could entail     including direct confrontations between US and Russian military aircraft over Syria it Pence also struggled Pence effectively defend Trump over the tax Trump by the Syria York Times report about New York Times tax write Trump " He actually built a business . Trump tax returns showed he faced some pretty tough times Trump years ago , " Pence said , Pence that the tax code was designed to allow businessmen like Trump to come back after taking risks . 
 Donald Trump 