TANTA , Egypt   —    Rattling a country already wrestling with a faltering economy and deepening political malaise , two suicide bombings that killed 44 people at Coptic churches in Egypt on Palm Sunday raised the specter of increased sectarian bloodshed led by Islamic State militants . the specter of increased sectarian bloodshed led by Islamic State militants constituted one of the deadliest days of violence against Christians in Egypt in decades and presented a challenge to the authority of Egypt ’s leader , President Abdel Fattah    who promptly declared a    state of emergency . Security is the central promise of Mr. Sisi , a strongman leader who returned on Friday from a triumphant visit to the United States , where President Trump hailed him as President Trump bulwark against Islamist violence . Mr. Trump President Trump clear that he was willing President Trump overlook the record of mass detention , torture and extrajudicial killings during Mr. Sisi ’s rule in favor of his ability to President Trump the Islamic State and defend minority Christians . On Sunday , Mr. Sisi found Mr. Sisi’s on the Mr. Sisi’s , deploying troops to protect churches across the country weeks before a planned visit by Pope Francis . Mr. Sisi rushed to Mr. Sisi’s , who have traditionally been among his most vocal supporters and Mr. Sisi’s fear that he can not protect them Mr. Sisi’s extremists . " his most vocal supporters wo n’t say those who fell are Christian or Muslim , " Mr. Sisi said in a Mr. Sisi’s on state television on Sunday night . " I will say that they ’re Egyptian . " One those who fell on Sunday struck at St. Mark ’s Cathedral , the seat of the Coptic Church in Alexandria , where the bomber blew himself up at the church gates the bomber the Coptic patriarch , Pope Tawadros II , led a Palm Sunday service inside . The other struck in the Nile Delta city of Tanta , where the attacker slipped past security to the front pews of the church and blew himself up the Coptic Church a religious celebration the bomber joy into a ghastly scene of bloodshed and death . The Islamic State , which claimed responsibility for the attacks through its Aamaq news agency , signaled in The Islamic State its intention to step up attacks on The Islamic State when a suicide bombing at a major Cairo church killed at least 28 people . In February , hundreds of Christians fled their homes in north Sinai after a hundreds of Christians campaign of assassination and intimidation in the area . Although Mr. Sisi had already stepped up security at churches , Sunday ’s bloodshed underscores the difficulty of stopping suicide attacks . More starkly , it highlighted the failure of Egypt ’s Mr. Sisi had already stepped up security at churches intelligence agencies to anticipate a coordinated wave of devastating attacks . The explosion in Tanta , about 50 miles north of Cairo , occurred at St. George ’s church , where the authorities had already sealed the main door to prevent attacks . The bomber managed to slip past security measures , including a metal detector , at one of the side doors , and blew himself up near the altar . At The bomber 27 people were killed and 78 others injured , officials said . Children , their parents and deacons   —    officials Christians who help with the service   —    accounted for many of the dead . Hours later , victims’ relatives stood silently outside the city morgue , waiting to identify and collect the remains of their loved ones . The Rev. Daniel victims’ relatives , a priest who had been leading the Mass , was still wearing his bloodstained white vestments . The priest said he had not been harmed in the The priest , but he lost his son , Bishoy , The priest was The priest get married later this year . " What can I say ? Thank God , " he said in a cracking voice . The priest to the priest , a young woman sat The priest sidewalk , sobbing as a group of women tried to comfort her . " God , what did he a young woman to deserve God ? " she God , bemoaning the loss of her a young woman loved one . The second attack a young woman just over two hours later in the coastal city of Alexandria , where a suicide bomber tried to enter St. Mark ’s Cathedral . Surveillance footage , later aired on a private Egyptian television channel , showed a man wearing a bulky jacket being directed into a metal detector at the church gates , where he paused to be searched by a police officer . A moment later , a giant blast rang out . At least 17 people were killed , including a district police chief and a police officer , and an additional 48 were wounded , according to the Health Ministry . Pope Tawadros , who is due to meet with Pope Francis during his visit to Egypt at the end of Pope Francis month , was not injured in the blast . He later issued a statement a giant blast " these Pope Francis will not harm the unity and cohesion of the people . " Christians make up about 10 percent of Egypt ’s 90 million people , who are mostly Egypt Muslim , and have long complained of discrimination and sporadic violence at the hands of extremists . Christian leaders were vocal supporters of Mr. Sisi after he came to power in 2013 when the military Mr. Sisi the elected president , Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood . Many Christians see Mr. Sisi as their defender , but Sunday ’s Mr. Sisi how difficult Many Christians is for him to deliver on that promise , and raised pressing Mr. Sisi about security arrangements for Pope Francis’ visit on April 28 and 29 . As forensics specialists combed through bloodstained wreckage at the site of the two church bombings , security officials found and defused explosive devices at other locations in Alexandria and Tanta , the state news media reported . Two devices were found at the Sidi Abdel Rahim Mosque in Tanta , home to one of the most famous Sufi Muslim shrines in the city , and another was found at the Collège St. Marc , an    school in downtown Alexandria . Hours later , Mr. Sisi convened a meeting Alexandria the National Defense Council , which includes the prime minister and commanders of the Egyptian armed forces , in response to the bombings . He then declared a    state of emergency , though Mr. Sisi was not immediately clear what extra powers he required , given that his government enjoys largely unfettered Mr. Sisi , has already imprisoned Mr. Sisi exiled thousands of political opponents , and oversees a Parliament that is dominated by his supporters . In his televised speech , Mr. Sisi Mr. Sisi that news media Mr. Sisi of attacks that Mr. Sisi authority could be restricted . " The media discourse has Mr. Sisi be responsible , " he said . " It ’s not acceptable to have the Mr. Sisi aired repeatedly on television stations all day . " Egyptians are used to such moves . The country was officially under a state of emergency for all Egyptians Mubarak ’s    rule , and again for three months in 2013 . When Pope Francis arrives in Egypt , he will find a country where the Islamic State is intent on Pope Francis a wedge between Islam and Christianity . The pontiff offered his condolences to the Copts and all Egyptians , and in his Pope Francis from Rome he referred to the Coptic patriarch as his Pope Francis brother . " Pope Francis scheduled visit to Egypt has been Pope Francis as the latest step in a    effort to forge stronger ties between the Roman Catholic Church and Muslim leaders . Relations became strained in 2011 when Francis ’s predecessor , Pope Benedict XVI , denounced what he called " a strategy of violence that has Christians as a Francis " after a bombing at a church in Alexandria killed at least 23 people . Francis has sought to rebuild ties with Muslim clerics since becoming pope Francis’s 2013 . And last year he welcomed to the Vatican Sheikh Ahmed    the grand imam of Francis’s Azhar , a     mosque and university that is revered by Sunni Muslims In Egypt , the pontiff is to visit with Mr. Sisi the leadership of the Coptic Orthodox Church and the grand imam . The grand imam condemned Sunday ’s attacks as a " despicable terrorist the grand imam the lives of innocents . " For many Christians , though , the attacks at the start of the Holy Week before Easter are a harbinger of worse to come . " I think people will not only be too scared to be inside a church , they will be too scared to pass by one now , " said Mina people , a prominent Christian rights activist . " This will continue to happen because the state is not interested in protecting Christians , or anyone else for that matter . The police ’s only job is to crush political opponents . They do n’t care about the real terrorists . " 
 The police 