  ( CNN ) Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Benjamin Netanyahu wife , Sara , rolled out the red carpet for President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump at Ben Gurion International Airport Monday morning , but one moment stood out : a flick of the wrist seen ’round the world . As the Trumps and the Netanyahus walked the red carpet following a formal welcoming ceremony and remarks , the President seems to reach for his wife the President hand . The first lady appears to swat her husband The first lady hand away with a visible flick of her wrist The first lady The White House has not responded to CNN ’s request for comment and context on the moment , but the video clip is already going viral .   RELATED : Can Donald Trump solve the    conflict ? " Well this is embarrassing , " Israeli publication Haaretz wrote on its official Israeli account with a slow motion clip of the moment . The tweet has nearly 30 , 000 retweets as of this writing .   That said , the Trumps have held hands multiple times during their foreign the Trumps this week , including minutes later on the tarmac . They briefly the Trumps hands in Saudi Arabia as they entered the Trumps Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology . And after the    swat , they arrived the Trumps the Church of the Holy Sepulchre hand in hand .    RELATED : Trump sets sight on the big deal : Mideast peace , It ’s Mideast what caused the swat the   swat anything . Perhaps the first lady , who studied extensively ahead of the trip , did not want to buck protocol , since their Israeli counterparts the first lady, who studied extensively ahead of the trip not appear to be holding hands at that particular moment . Or maybe there was a bug . If it was indeed a bug , it ’s not a bug first time the first lady has used body language publicly to steer her husband . the first lady gently nudged the first lady to place her husband hand on her husband heart as her husband national anthem played during the White House Easter Egg Roll last month .   RELATED : Donald Trump denies a Russia allegation that no one made , There had already been some confusion as the two couples walked the carpet ahead of the ceremony .   " They have all the two couples protocol , we never know what to do , " Netanyahu joked .   " What is the protocol ? all this protocol have any idea ? " Trump asked . Donald Trump " Who knows ! " Netanyahu said , laughing Netanyahu 
 