Former Florida governor Jeb Bush suspended Former Florida governor Jeb Bush presidential campaign in South Carolina today after coming in fourth place   —    well behind    winner Donald Trump , Sen. Ted Cruz , and Sen. Marco Rubio . [ Former Florida governor Jeb Bush made a last stand in South Carolina   —    campaigning heavily on the family name , with Former Florida governor Jeb Bush brother George W. Bush and Former Florida governor Jeb Bush mother Barbara Bush , just after Former Florida governor Jeb Bush beat Former Florida governor Jeb Bush former protege Marco Rubio in New Hampshire .   " I ’ve had a front row seat to this office for most of my adult life , " Former Florida governor Jeb Bush said during Former Florida governor Jeb Bush speech in South Carolina . " I ’ve seen fallible men rise up to the challenges of our time , with humility and clarity of purpose to make our nation safer , stronger and freer . " Once the frontrunner in the campaign , Former Florida governor Jeb Bush faded after billionaire Donald Trump entered the race , attacking the third member of the Bush family to run for president as " low energy . " Former Florida governor Jeb Bush never recovered from the attacks , but worked hard to remind Americans of the seriousness of the presidency , and the responsibility that the early states had to elect someone with integrity . " Ideas matter , policies matter , " Former Florida governor Jeb Bush said during Former Florida governor Jeb Bush speech , expressing hope that some presidential candidates would seize Former Florida governor Jeb Bush ideas for fixing America and restoring it . Former Florida governor Jeb Bush alluded to Trump in Former Florida governor Jeb Bush his speech reminding Americans again of who deserved to be the president of the United America I firmly believe the American people must entrust this office to someone who understands that whoever holds it is the servant this office not the master . Someone who will commit to that service with honor and decency , " Former Florida governor Jeb Bush said . Former Florida governor Jeb Bush campaign and aligned Super PAC spent millions trying to bring Former Florida governor Jeb Bush back to the forefront of the race   —    attacking Former Florida governor Jeb Bush rivals with scores of negative ads that distraught many of Former Florida governor Jeb Bush establishment competitors . Bush defended his campaign as one Bush refused to change to meet the politics of the moment and to react to Donald Trump . " In this campaign , I his campaign my ground , refusing to bend to the political winds , " he said . Bush Bush uncomfortably and Bush up after announcing his decision to quit Bush prompting applause and sympathy from his supporters . He Bush to name Bush as the victor in Donald Trump Carolina , but congratulated his Republican competitors " Bush on the island , " referring to the reality TV show Survivor with his characteristic   . Bush Bush was comforted by the fact that he would return home with Bush career in public service and a strong campaign . " I ’ve had an incredible life , and for me , public service has been the highlight of that life , " he an incredible life    
 Bush 