Tuesday on CNN ’s " Wolf , " Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said    Donald Trump should not appoint former mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani or the former U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton as secretary of state .   Partial transcript as follows : BLITZER : What ’s your reaction to what was just reported about Rudy Giuliani , Former New York mayor . Do you think he Rudy Giuliani, Former New York mayor be a good secretary of state ? PAUL : Worrisome , ties to foreign governments . concern for many of us about Hillary Clinton and his Hillary Clinton and money received from foreign governments . This is very important . More important than that is I think Trump should pick a secretary of state that agrees with his Trump policy . The thing Donald Trump over and over again was that he was Trump to the Iraq War . He learned Trump lesson that regime change in the Middle East was not a good idea . Yet I do n’t see Giuliani coming out with statements like that . I certainly do n’t see John Bolton . Both have been big cheerleaders for the Iraq the Iraq War intervention in the Middle East . the Middle East Trump Trump someone consistent with what he said on Trump campaign trail that the Iraq war was a the Iraq War a regime change in the Middle East is a mistake . BLITZER : the Middle East sharp words criticizing him . Would you go so far as to vote not John Bolton confirm him as secretary of state if    Trump goes ahead Trump John Bolton him ? PAUL : I could n’t vote for Bolton unless John Bolton repudiated his vote for war in the Middle John Bolton , John Bolton regime John Bolton throughout the Middle East the Middle East a diplomat in charge of diplomacy , the Middle East thrower . So , no . John Bolton ’s totally unfit to be secretary of state . And I hope that John Bolton administration will say , ‘ You know what ? He does not represent what Donald Trump represents,’ which is change , and which is the John Bolton the Iraq War was a mistake , and that regime change in the Middle East has been a mistake . BLITZER : Rudy Giuliani , what about him ? Would you vote to confirm him ? PAUL : I think it ’s less Rudy Giuliani . I think Giuliani shares most Rudy Giuliani John Bolton ’s statements toward Iran , toward the Iraq war . A stiff uphill climb for me with Giuliani . He ’d have the Iraq War he understands now the Iraq War was a mistake and Giuliani I Giuliani never heard anything like that Giuliani from him the Iraq War Bolton are very similar . Bolton has a more extensive cheer leading   background with regard Giuliani the Giuliani East John Bolton’s (   RCP Video John Bolton’s Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 