  ( CNN ) As a presidential candidate , Donald Trump was emphatic that it is the government ’s responsibility to ensure that poor Americans can get the health care poor Americans need .   But in Donald Trump ’s first days as president , it is becoming increasingly clear that Donald Trump and Donald Trump administration are open to making drastic changes to Medicaid     a move that could make it difficult for Donald Trump to fulfill Donald Trump impassioned campaign promise to take care of the poor .   At a contentious Senate Finance Committee confirmation hearing on Tuesday , Rep. Tom Price , Donald Trump nominee to lead the Department of Health and Human Services , was pressed repeatedly by lawmakers to clarify his views on overhauling Obamacare     a top priority for both the president and the GOP under the new administration . In one particularly heated exchange with Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez , Price was asked whether turning Medicaid into a block grant program would mean fewer people would be eligible in the future . The a block grant program health coverage to    Americans , and Menendez Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez that as an entitlement program , anyone who meets the criteria currently has the right to be covered .   " When you move to a block grant , do you still have the right ? " Menendez Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez .   " No , I think it would be determined by how that was set up , " Price said .   Price ’s apparent acknowledgement Price some    Americans may not be covered if Republicans move Medicaid over to a block grant system would mark a radical shift in the purpose that the program is supposed Trump campaign , Trump initially said he would n’t cut Medicaid , but later Medicaid Trump for the block grant formula . But still , even as he publicly backed reforming the program , Trump the program Trump that the government ’s has a Trump to help the poor .    " You can not let people die on the street , OK ? " Trump said at a CNN town hall last year . Trump The problem is that everybody thinks that you people , as Republicans , hate the concept of taking care of people that are really , really sick and are gon na die . We got ta take care of people that ca n’t take care of themselves . "   Tuesday , Price acknowledged Medicaid is people that can’t take care of themselves but insisted it was troubled . The federal government should leave it Medicaid governors and state insurance commissioners to decide how The federal government to cover their    residents , Price noted , and that he governors and state insurance commissioners any Obamacare replacement Price to provide coverage options for every American .   Democrats expressed alarm , signaling that they would resist any fundamental changes to the    federal Democrats .   " I feel like the administration is creating a war on Medicaid , " said Sen. Maria Cantwell ,   . ’Did the President lie?’ The hearing also raised questions as to whether Price has ever discussed GOP plans to dismantle Obamacare with the new president .   In one particularly colorful exchange , Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown , asked about an Obamacare replacement plan that Trump has been touting in public Obamacare   " President Trump said he ’s working with you on a Trump for the Trump which is nearly finished and will be revealed after your confirmation . Is that true ? "   " It ’s true that he said that , yes , " Price said , an Trump response that drew laughter from the hearing room .   " Not that he ’s every done this before but did the President lie Trump Did the President lie about this , that he ’s not working the President ? " this tried . " the President he lie to the public about working with you ? "   the President , again , would not say that he was working with Trump on an Obamacare alternative , saying instead the President " I ’ve had conversations with the President about health care , yes . "   The nominee the President to satisfy Democrats when pressed an executive order that Trump ’s signed in his first day in office aimed at weakening Obamacare Trump Sen. Ron Wyden The nominee the top Democrat on the panel , pressed the congressman to commit that " no one will be worse off " The nominee the executive order .   Price responded that he is committed to " working an executive order that Trump’s signed in his first day in office aimed at weakening Obamacare every single member of Congress The nominee make certain we have the highest quality of health care " and ensuring that " everyone has access Congress affordable coverage . "   Wyden bristled , saying Price had " ducked the question . "   Questions about his own health care plan Price Price testified before the Senate Health Committee last week , Wyden it is the Finance panel Price will vote on advancing his nomination to the full Senate Price   The timing of his confirmation is critical because Wyden has said Republicans will release a plan to repeal and Wyden the Affordable Care Act Wyden soon as Price is confirmed . GOP lawmakers have begun the legislative process to repeal large portions of Obamacare , but there is not yet clarity on crafting an alternative to the law .   Price , an ardent critic of Obamacare , has released a detailed proposal to overhaul the law . In last week ’s Obamacare , Price was pressed on multiple occasions to the law ’s     as well as his own Price intentions on dismantling the health care law . On Tuesday , Wyden blasted Price Trump past proposals , citing the the law Obamacare repeal bills , which Price said would hurt seniors by privatizing Medicare and gut Medicaid through block grants . And it would allow insurers to deny policies to sick Americans who did n’t maintain continuous coverage .   " The Price plan takes America back to the dark days when health care worked only for the healthy and the wealthy , " he said . " When I look at Congressman Price ’s proposals , I do n’t see the patient at he center of health care . I see money and special interests at the center of health care . "   Several senators asked Price how he would carry out replacing Obamacare . the center of health care priorities , Price said , is Congressman Price " lower the temperature " on the debate and let insurers know that " help Congressman Price on the way . " Concerns are mounting that insurers could be spooked by the divisions over repealing and replacing the health reform law and opt not to participate in the individual market in 2018 , potentially leaving millions without coverage .   The nominee also reiterated that Obamacare has such high premiums and deductibles that people do n’t feel they have insurance . Coverage does n’t equal care in many cases Obamacare he noted .   " They ’ve got the card but people do n’t have any care because they ca n’t afford the deductible The nominee allows them to get the care , " he said They   On the popular Affordable Care They provision that bans insurers from discriminating against They with    conditions , Price said The nominee " Nobody , in a system that pays attention to patients , nobody ought to be priced out of the market for having a bad diagnosis . What we need is a system that recognizes that    conditions do indeed exist . "   However , he did not go into detail on how he would protect these patients . Ethics concerns , It was n’t just health care policy having a bad diagnosis had Price feeling the heat on Tuesday having a bad diagnosis The congressman again came under fire from Democrats Ethics concerns his financial investments , which have already raised a slew of ethics questions . An having a bad diagnosis who has been a member of the House having a bad diagnosis Representatives for 12 years , Price has confronted accusations of investing in companies related to his legislative work in Congress     and in some cases , repealing financial benefits from those investments .   Finance Committee staff Monday also released having a bad diagnosis bipartisan memo to lawmakers disclosing several red flags that were raised in the course of reviewing Price ’s tax returns and financial disclosure statements .   Pressed on these inconsistencies , Price reiterated : " Everything I did was ethical , Price board legal and transparent , " Price said . " There is n’t anything that you have divulged here that has n’t been public knowledge . "   On why he had underestimated the value of his stocks in an Australian pharmaceutical company , Price said he had misunderstood how to calculate their value .   " When asked about the he , I thought it meant the value Price the he that I purchased the stock , " Price said .   Sen. Orrin the value of his stocks in an Australian pharmaceutical company the top Republican on the value of his stocks in an Australian pharmaceutical company committee the value of his stocks in an Australian pharmaceutical company off the hearing by accusing his Democratic colleagues of Price up Trump ’s nominees . Hatch of partisan rancor when it comes to dealing with a president from an opposing party . " 
 Hatch 