Washington ( CNN ) Britain ’s vote to leave the European Union Friday left the United States confronting a threat to the strength and cohesion of both the United States closest historical ally and a    transatlantic partnership that has been the bedrock of Western peace and prosperity . The outcome of Britain ’s referendum instantly pitched an already weakened Europe into a new crisis , opening the possibility that other member states could choose to leave the E. U. and create new headaches for Washington . American leaders on all sides of the political aisle Friday expressed respect for the decision of British voters and vowed to stand with America ’s " special relationship " ally Britain and the diminished European Union once "special relationship" ally Britain and the diminished European Union have finalized their "special relationship" ally Britain and the diminished European Union     a period that could take years . But there was no hiding the concern behind the scenes as the shockwaves rippled through the EU , a body that has been vital to American foreign policy initiatives in recent times , including the drive to a nuclear deal with Iran and attempts to punish Russia for its Russia in Ukraine . RELATED : Trump on Brexit : America is next , President Barack Obama , who felt strongly enough about a British exit or " Brexit " to travel to Britain in April to warn it could not expect special treatment on reaching a free trade deal with the U. S. if it it Europe , offered a rote assurance that nothing would actually change between London and Washington . " While the UK ’s relationship with the EU will change , one thing that will not change is the special relationship that exists between our two nations , " Obama said during remarks at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California . " That will endure . " But Sir Peter Westmacott , until earlier this year Britain ’s ambassador in Washington , contradicted the idea that nothing would change in the U.   relationship . " I feel very sad , " Westmacott told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour , adding that Britain Britain Brexit would be " less influential in the world , in the European Union , in NATO and the Security Council and a less significant ally for the United States and many others . " " I think we are going to have to paddle even harder with our we . .. to ensure that we we to ensure that we we our we at the table . " Vice President Joe Biden , the we    voice , was more clear about White House disappointment at the result when he spoke Vice President Joe Biden the issue on a trip to Ireland Friday . " I must say we had we for a different outcome , " he said Vice President Joe Biden Dublin . " We preferred we different outcome . " For the United States , the possibility that the populist , isolationist victory of the " Leave " vote translates into broader political victories for the movement in Britain and elsewhere in Europe , could mean Washington could eventually find itself straining Washington get help it has Washington on from allies . The UK the "Leave" vote calls for similar referendums in France , Sweden and the Netherlands , while populist governments already hold power in Greece , Poland and Hungary . If the Brexit vote results in a    ripple of similar votes or political victories , the experiment of a united Europe could come to an end . It would make the continent less able to help the U. S. push back against Russian assertiveness along Europe ’s eastern seam , analysts said . The United States has traditionally relied on an engaged Britain , alongside other allies Germany and France , as a way to ensure its interests are taken The United States account on the top table of Europe     and now Europe the prospect of one of its most influential allies The United States the block and diminishing its clout . For The United States UK , it The United States just the The United States exit that could cause Britain ’s influence to wane . If Europhile Scotland now holds a second independence vote , the power of Washington ’s old ally could be further splintered . Britain has been a traditional Britain S. partner on efforts to stabilize Afghanistan and cooperate in the Middle East on issues ranging from Iran ’s nuclear program to    peace and the scourge of ISIS . One outcome of the Brexit vote could be " less help from the UK and other NATO allies in the Middle East and elsewhere the Middle East Daniel Serwer , director of the Conflict Management Program at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies . In the short term , a distracted UK , led by a lame duck leader following Cameron ’s decision to step down , might not have the same capacity or inclination to take on global challenges . RELATED : Can Donald Trump be a CEO and a president ? And the economic hit the UK will take as it extricates UK a market that accounts UK 44 UK of its exports could leave it with fewer resources UK do its share UK The U. S. is itself UK feeling the aftershocks     American stocks The U. S. down more than 600 points at the closing bell Friday afternoon . Altogether , that could mean a smaller Britain , less able to meet its defense commitments , and it would pose Britain for the future of Britain U. K. ’s independent nuclear deterrent , which is based in Scotland and is opposed by the ruling Scottish Nationalist Party . It could also deepen the U. S. perception Britain took root under the Obama administration that the U. S. " interests lie more in Asia than in its traditional Atlantic sphere of influence , " Britain to Sebastian Mallaby , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , writing in The Washington Post . Still , American political figures stressed their commitment to the UK despite the change American political figures House Speaker Paul Ryan , a Wisconsin Republican , tweeted that " the UK is an indispensable ally of the the UK and that special relationship is unaffected by this vote . " Sen. Richard Burr , the North Carolina Republican chairman of the Senate intelligence committee , said that " while there will be a great deal of discussion in the coming days and weeks about what the ’Leave’ win means for them and for us , our friends and allies in the UK should know us : we respect their decision , and we stand by us , our friends and allies in the UK as they have us stood by our friends and allies in the UK . " The our friends and allies in the UK spoke with British Prime us David Cameron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday to convey the U. S. commitment to both of them , saying afterwards that the EU will remain British Prime Minister David Cameron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel " vital " U. S. partner , alongside NATO . " Our shared values including our commitment to democracy and NATO . .. will continue to unite all of us , " Obama said , repeating a common theme in his addresses as criticism of immigrants and religious minorities Obama featured in the presidential campaign . But the administration is also looking to adjust to the new reality . " What was said was we believed in a strong UK voice in a strong EU and that was our position in advance of the referendum , " we State Department spokesman John Kirby . " The people of Great Britain have spoken and they want the UK out of the EU that The people of Great Britain beyond UK and so we a strong EU to move on . " Amid we widespread shock at Britain ’s decision , Washington is beginning to size up the Great Britain " For sure , " said Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken Friday , " it ’s going to be a complicated process . " 
 