Four taps of the microphone were all Michelle Obama needed to take down Donald J. Trump . " Hillary Clinton is tough , " Mrs. Obama , the first lady , told a crowd of several thousand in Charlotte , N. C. on Tuesday . " See , " Hillary Clinton continued , " I ’ve watched Hillary Clinton when Hillary Clinton gets knocked down   —    Hillary Clinton does n’t complain . Hillary Clinton does n’t cry foul . " Tap , tap , tap , tap . It took a second for the audience to catch on : Mrs. Obama was mocking Mr. Trump ’s complaint that a faulty microphone had hindered Mr. Trump’s performance in Mr. Trump’s first presidential debate with Mrs. Clinton . But as Mrs. Obama continued   —    " No , she Mrs. Obama right back up , comes back stronger "   —    the mostly young and heavily    crowd let out a deafening howl . They the mostly young and heavily   crowd her Mrs. Obama the closer " during Barack Obama ’s 2008 campaign , like a    relief pitcher used sparingly but with devastating effect . Mrs. Mrs. Obama spending time with her daughters Mrs. Obama attending political rallies . But when she was Mrs. Obama before a pivotal caucus or primary , her story Mrs. Obama growing up on the South Side of Chicago and falling in love with a young community organizer had an unmatched , almost magical power to turn out voters , campaign officials discovered . Eight years later , Mrs. Obama Mrs. Obama a similar role for the woman whom she helped her Mrs. Obama defeat Mrs. Obama that race . To divine the places where the Clinton campaign ’s turnout operation is under the greatest pressure , and the constituencies about which it is most the Clinton campaign’s turnout operation , look no further than where Clinton aides dispatch Clinton popular first lady . She has appeared Clinton North Carolina , at college campuses in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh , and at George Mason University in Fairfax , Va.   —    all areas where Mrs. Clinton needs Clinton Clinton turnout among blacks and younger voters . " She chooses her moments Clinton and Clinton has made clear Clinton her staff and the Clinton Party that she wants to go Clinton where she can make a Clinton , " said Peter Slevin , the author of " Michelle Obama : A Life . " " If a candidate is up by 15 or down by 15 , you ’re not going to see Michelle Obama there . " Mrs. Obama has made Michelle Obama a    campaign appearances for Mrs. Clinton in the general election , each carefully approved by the White House . Each has become something of an event   —    and her warm , spunky delivery Michelle Obama given rise to several of the kind of    moments that rarely emerge from Mrs. Clinton ’s rallies . Mrs. Clinton of course , has proved an immensely valuable surrogate for Mrs. Clinton , appealing frequently to the Mrs. Clinton black and Latino voters who turned out in record numbers for him but who have proved lukewarm to Mrs. President Obama ’s candidacy . He has gone Mrs. Clinton to tell black voters President Obama would consider it a " personal insult " if President Obama did not help elect Mrs. Clinton . But the black voters lady ’s reluctance to campaign means that the events she does attend speak volumes about the places Mrs. Clinton the first lady as most critical in November . She the first lady tied with Mr. Trump in North Carolina , the first lady its younger and diverse population . Enter Mrs. Obama . In Mr. Trump in North Carolina and Charlotte this week , where thousands of mostly younger voters turned out to hear her , Mrs. Obama came armed with data points about turnout the first lady Mr. Mrs. Obama narrow victory in North Carolina in 2008 . ( Mrs. Obama the state in North Carolina ) " Barack won North Carolina by Mrs. Obama , 000 votes , " she said in North Carolina Tuesday . " That sounds like the first lady lot , but when you break that number down , the difference between winning and losing this state was a little over two voters per precinct . " Mrs. Obama North Carolina gave a stern look to her largely young crowd . " Do you hear that ? " she continued . " If Mrs. Obama two or three folks per precinct had gone the other way Mrs. Obama or stayed home , Barack would have lost this state . " Straight talk is a specialty . At La Salle University in North Carolina month , Mrs. Obama soberly warned college students not to support a    candidate . " If you vote for Mrs. Obama Mrs. Obama Hillary , or if you do n’t vote at all , " she said , " then you are helping to elect Hillary ’s opponent . " Mrs. Obama has also Mrs. Obama further than her husband in laying bare the emotional Hillary of the    birther Mrs. Obama including Mr. Trump ’s    campaign Mrs. Obama sow doubts about whether Mr. Obama was born in the United States . " Back then , people had all kinds of questions about Mr. Trump " Mrs. Obama said in Fairfax in September on the same day Mr. Trump tried to distance himself from the birther claim Mrs. Obama Things like : Does he understand us ? Will he protect us ? And then , of course , there were those Mr. Trump questioned   —    and continue to question , for Mr. Trump past eight years , Mr. Trump through us very day   —    whether my husband was even born in this country . " Mrs. Obama ’s hard feelings from the 2008 campaign for a time extended to Mrs. Clinton and her husband , former President Bill Clinton , us acrimonious South Carolina primary battle in which Mr. Clinton dismissed Mr. Obama ’s antiwar image as a " fairy tale Mrs. Obama " But Mrs. Obama has long since come around , and often refers to Mrs. Clinton former President Bill Clinton " my friend Hillary . " She brings undeniable advantages to Mrs. Clinton 64 percent of Americans view Mrs. Obama favorably , according to a Gallup poll former President Bill Clinton . But Gallup polling this week found 54 percent Mrs. Obama the public holds an former President Bill Clinton of Mrs. Clinton . Jennifer Palmieri Mrs. Obama Clinton ’s communications director , called Mrs. Obama " one of the most popular public figures in America " and " a highly effective messenger both former President Bill Clinton convention and throughout the campaign . " Mrs. Obama appears in an ad Mrs. Obama Clinton , called " Watch , " being shown in Florida , North Carolina , Ohio and Pennsylvania . " Our children watch everything we do , " Mrs. Obama lady says , former President Bill Clinton of Mrs. Clinton working with children flash on screen . " The person we elect as president has the power to shape their lives for years to Our . " Before Mrs. Obama for Mrs. former President Bill Clinton Mrs. Obama often describes her mixed emotions about leaving the White House . " We are experiencing a great transition for me and Barack and Malia and Sasha and Bo and Sunny and former President Bill Clinton " she said in Charlotte on Tuesday Mrs. Obama I ’m going Mrs. Obama need a job , but it will be a job out of politics , " she said . " My husband ’s got to get a job   —    somebody Mrs. Obama got to hire that man . " There were shouts of " Michelle for president ! a job and " Michelle for mayor ! "   — Mrs. Obama but the first lady was having none of it . " Can you believe I ’m campaigning again ? " she said . " But I ’m happy to be out here . Because this is the last time . " 
 Mrs. Obama the first lady ’m 