Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump said Monday Donald Trump does n’t believe President Barack Obama is sympathetic to Muslim terrorists , despite seeming to hint at the prospect last week . " I do n’t believe it , " Donald Trump told Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly when asked if Bill thought President Barack Obama " may be sympathetic to Muslim terrorists " during an interview aired Monday night . " I do say , though , when I see a deal like was made with Iran , this horrible , horrible deal where we ’re giving them back $ 150 billion . .. we ’re getting almost nothing out of it , " Bill said , referring to the Iran nuclear deal struck by the Obama administration . " the Obama administration ’re going to end up with the Obama administration nuclear weapons and lots of other things whenever the Obama administration want . And then I see the way he treats Israel . I say , ’Wow . .. there seems to be a double standard.’ I ’m not happy about it . "   But last Monday , Trump seemed to suggest that Obama had an ulterior motive concerning how Trump addresses and handles terror attacks , because Trump does not say the phrase " radical Islamic terrorism . " " We ’re led by a man who is very     look , We ’re led by a man that either is not tough , not smart , or Trump ’s got something else in mind . And the something else in mind , you know , people ca n’t believe it , " Trump had said on Fox News’ " Fox and Friends . " " People can not believe , People can not believe that President Obama is acting the way President Obama acts and President Obama ca n’t even mention the words ’radical Islamic terrorism.’ There ’s something going on . It ’s inconceivable . There ’s something going on . " Trump also told O’Reilly on Monday that Trump believed that those placed on terror watch lists should be banned from buying guns , something opposed by the National Rifle Association , which has endorsed Trump , and by most Republican senators during a series of votes on gun measures the same evening . " Absolutely . Who would not agree with that ? " Trump said . " The watch list to me is Trump important . " Trump ’s Trump on a day when he largely maintained Trump low media profile     the person mostly in the spotlight was his former campaign Trump , Corey Lewandowski , who was fired by Trump on Monday Trump . 
 