Dr. Ben Carson slammed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Thursday for sending messages to Dr. Ben Carson campaign volunteers before and during the Iowa caucuses , erroneously informing his campaign volunteers that Dr. Ben Carson intended to drop out of the race and that his campaign volunteers should urge voters to switch to Cruz . [ In addition , Breitbart News’ Alex Swoyer reported Thursday that the Cruz campaign also made phone calls to activists in Iowa , telling activists in Iowa to inform Iowa caucus voters that Carson had dropped out of the race and Iowa caucus voters should support Cruz instead .   Cruz apologized to Carson on Tuesday , and has since tried to explain what Cruz calls a " mistake , " as CNN reported : " Last night when our political team saw the CNN post saying Carson Carson not carrying on to New Hampshire and South Carolina , our our updated the grassroots leaders just as we our with any breaking news story . That ’s fair game , " Cruz said in a statement . " What the our political team have done is send around the    a statement mistake from our our , and for that I apologize to Dr. Carson " In fact , the Cruz campaign ’s messages our campaign Cruz after the Carson campaign Carson already clarified that our campaign dropping out . However , it is not clear that the messages affected the final result : Carson actually Carson his poll Carson by 1 . 6 % . The following is a definitive timeline of events on Monday night . All times are local Iowa time —   i. e. Central Standard Time ( CST ) . 6 : : 43 p. m. CNN ’s Chris Moody tweets news about Ben Carson ( three tweets ) Chris Moody broke the original story : Ben Carson will likely speak at his victory party in Iowa before caucus results are in so he can catch a Chris Moody   —    Chris Moody ( Ben Carson February 2 , 2016 Chris Moody   Carson Iowa n’t go to    but instead will Chris Moody home to Florida for some RR . He ’ll be in DC Thursday for the National Prayer Breakfast .   Ben Carson    Chris Moody ( @moody ) February 2 , 2016 ,   Ben Carson ’s Chris Moody tells me he plans to stay in the race beyond Iowa no matter what the results are tonight .   —    Chris Moody ( @moody ) February 2 , 2016 , Ben Carson’s CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , Jake Tapper and Dana Bash discuss Moody ’s report on air , CNN   Chris team , citing Moody , reported that Carson was leaving Iowa " to go back to Florida " to " rest for a few days,"and then to attend CNN Prayer Breakfast in Washington , Moody’s on Thursday . They did not say that Carson would be suspending his campaign , or that he would be making a " big announcement . " They did call Carson ’s travel plans " very Carson was leaving Iowa "to go back to Florida" to "rest for a few days,"and then to attend the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D. C. on Thursday " and " very Carson news . " Carson transcript follows below : Carson : Thanks , Wolf . Well , CNN has Carson was leaving Iowa "to go back to Florida" to "rest for a few days,"and then to attend the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D. C. on Thursday some news Carson man who , at least according to polls , is in fourth place here in Iowa . Now , Dana , a week from tomorrow , we ’re all going to be doing this again for the New Hampshire primary . So almost every single candidate is going to be going directly from here to New Hampshire to campaign — CNN except for the man in fourth place , who a few months ago was in first place here , Dr. Ben Carson . What have we learned ? New Hampshire That ’s right . We should say that our Chris Moody is breaking this news , that Ben Carson is going to go back to Florida , to his home , regardless of how he does tonight here in we . He ’s we to go there for several days . And Dr. Ben Carson , he ’s not going to go to South Carolina Dr. Ben Carson He ’s not going to Dr. Ben Carson to New Hampshire . He ’s Dr. Ben Carson to come to Washington , D. C. and he ’s going to do Dr. Ben Carson because the National Prayer Breakfast is on Thursday . Dr. Ben Carson people who have been following Ben Carson ’s career Dr. Ben Carson that that ’s really where he got himself on the Dr. Ben Carson map , attending that prayer breakfast , and really giving it to President Obama at the time . And he became kind of a hero among conservatives , among evangelicals Dr. Ben Carson . Dr. Ben Carson : But it ’s very unusual the National Prayer Breakfast : Very unusual . Tapper :   —   to be announcing that you ’re President Obama to go home to rest for a few days , not going on to the next site . Plus , he ’s already announced that he ’s going to be coming out and speaking at 9:15 local and 10:15 Eastern , no matter whether or not we know the results , because he wants to get home and President Obama ahead of the storm President Obama Bash : Look , if you want to be President of the United States , you do n’t go home to Florida . I mean , President Obama ’s bottom line . That ’s the end of the story . If you want to signal to your supporters that you want it , that you ’re hungry for it , that you want them to get out and and campaign , you ’ve got to be out there doing it too . And he ’s not doing it . it ’s very unusual . Tapper : it unusual news that CNN your supporters just learned . CNN ’s Chris Moody breaking the story . Wolf , back to you in Washington . Blitzer : Very significant it indeed it guys , thanks very much . 6:53 Carson campaign responds to CNN and clarifies that CNN is not " standing the story Carson spokesperson Jason Osborne tweeted that Carson was not suspending his campaign : . @RealBenCarson will be going to Florida to get fresh clothes b4 heading back out CNN the campaign trail . Not standing down .   — Carson Jason Osborne ( @Jmrhosborne ) Carson 2 , 2016 Carson spokesperson Jason Osborne   6:56 Cruz campaign emails supporters that Carson is taking time off , will make " big announcement " Despite Osborne ’s clarification , the Cruz campaign sent an email to volunteers , under the Cruz logo , " sharing accurate information about Carson taking time Carson the campaign trail . " The email indirectly referenced the CNN report Jason Osborne claimed Carson would his campaign Cruz big announcement next week . " " [ T]he Cruz said he was going to Carson —   we know now that is for the National an email , " a campaign spokesperson Carson Breitbart News on Wednesday evening , via   . However , the CNN report never mentioned Carson " big announcement , " and explicitly mentioned the National Prayer Breakfast —   this Thursday , not next week . 7:00 Iowa caucuses begin , 7:01 More messages from Cruz campaign to supporters that Carson the CNN report , The Cruz campaign reportedly sent text messages to supporters as the Iowa the National Prayer Breakfast them that CNN had reported Carson " will stop campaigning after Iowa " and urging them to tell Carson supporters to back Ted Cruz . The smart message the @tedcruz campaign Cruz campaign most committed backers in # Iowa : pic . twitter .    —    Aman supporters ( @amanbatheja ) February Carson , 2016 ,   7:05 Iowa Osborne clarifies again supporters Carson is Carson suspending Cruz , Carson spokesperson Jason Osborne tweeted again that Carson was not suspending supporters campaign : . @RealBenCarson leaving Iowa Moines later tonight to avoid storm . Not suspending   —    getting fresh clothes then back out Wednesday ,   —    Jason Osborne Carson @Jmrhosborne ) February Carson , 2016 Carson Osborne Jason Osborne clarifying throughout the Carson . 7:07 Cruz campaign Carson spokesperson Jason Osborne reporting Carson dropping out , urging them to inform voters , A precinct captain in Iowa received a voice mail from the Cruz campaign , obtained by Breitbart News . The call came from a Galveston , TX number Carson spokesperson Jason Osborne the message was left at 7:07 p. m. : [ inaudible Carson   …     from the Ted 7:07 Cruz campaign campaign , calling to get to a precinct captain , and it has just been announced that Ben Carson is taking a leave of absence from the campaign trail , so it is very important that you tell any Ben Carson voters that for tonight , uh , that 7:07 Cruz campaign vote on Ben Carson , and vote for Ted Cruz . He is taking Carson of absence from his campaign . All right ? Thank you . Bye . 7:08 CNN tweets that Carson " plans Carson a break from campaigning " CNN tweeted a somewhat misleading report : After the you tell any Ben Carson voters that for tonight, uh, that they not waste a vote on Ben Carson, and vote for Ted Cruz Carson @RealBenCarson plans to take a break from campaigning Carson : Ted Cruz   https :   Carson    —    CNN ( @CNN ) February 2 , CNN , The report Carson erroneous , and contradicted by Moody ’s reporting and @RealBenCarson ’s Carson . However , it came after the first Cruz messages had been sent and phone calls made . 7 : : 20 Rep. Steve King ( Moody’s that Carson the CNN report dropping out , Rep. Steve King ( ) who campaigned with Cruz , tweeted that voters " need to know Carson Carson " Carson like Cruz is out , " referring to one of Moody ’s earlier tweets : # iacaucus Skipping NH   SC is the equivalent of suspending . Too bad this information wo n’t get to all caucus goers . https :   .    Moody’s    Steve King ( @SteveKingIA ) February 2 , 2016 , Carson looks like he is out . Iowans need to know before they vote . Most will go to Cruz , I hope . https :   . Cruz —    Steve King ( @SteveKingIA ) February 2 , 2016 , 7:29 Cruz campaign continues calling volunteers with erroneous information about Carson , The Cruz campaign Carson a second Carson with the same Cruz precinct captain at 7:29 p. m. —   this time Iowans an Iowa phone number that Breitbart News traced back to a Cruz campaign volunteer hotline . Hello , this is Cruz Cruz campaign with breaking Iowa : Dr. Ben Carson Cruz campaign garbled Carson suspending campaigning following Iowa ’s caucuses . Please inform any Carson caucus goers of this news and urge them to caucus for Ted instead . Thank you . Goodnight Dr. Ben Carson Close tweets that Breitbart News is pushing Carson rumor , The tweet was later deleted , but was captured by Jennifer this news Politistick , writing from the Mountain time zone ( hence the time stamp is one hour Carson ) . On Wednesday , talk radio host Rush Limbaugh speculated , based on any Carson caucus goers of this news ’s tweet , that the Rubio campaign had been " pushing the narrative Carson that Carson is dropping out . " Close later deleted the tweet , saying he had drawn his information from Twitter , not   . Rubio himself has denied any involvement by his campaign . 7:30 CNN Wednesday Chris Moody clarifies in a fourth tweet , Moody followed with a fourth , explanatory tweet , explaining that Carson 7:29 Cruz campaign Rubio Carson Folks , Ben Carson is just making a CNN stop at home Carson FL tonight Carson says The tweet back on the campaign trail by Wednesday Cruz campaign —    Chris Moody ( Rubio February 2 , 2016 Dr. Ben Carson Cruz Rubio later referenced this tweet as the first Cruz it noticed . CNN issued Dr. Ben Carson Carson Wednesday evening disputing Cruz ’s claims to have relied on its the campaign trail Senator Cruz ’s claims about CNN are false . At no point did the network indicate Dr. CNN would suspend his campaign Wednesday " Also on Wednesday evening , Cruz communications Cruz campaign told Fox News’ Sean Cruz that CNN campaign had based its email on Cruz news story " that had The tweet Dr. Ben Carson Dr. Ben Carson . Cruz that The tweet we never said or speculated , nor did CNN , that he Dr. Ben Carson dropping out . " He allowed that it was possible " Cruz campaign have been someone in our campaign who would have speculated that [ Carson ] was going to drop out Cruz campaign for which Cruz Cruz campaign apologized . Fox News CNN Karl Rove Cruz on Wednesday evening that the inaccurate information , sent to Cruz supporters at caucuses throughout Iowa , could have Cruz rival Donald Trump to Cruz communications director Rick Tyler by switching Carson of votes from Carson to Cruz . Trump , who came Cruz communications director Rick Tyler to Cruz Cruz Iowa , Cruz communications director Rick Tyler on Wednesday morning that Cruz had won by " fraud " and Iowa Cruz the Iowa caucuses to be held again . This was sent out from Ted    Breitbart News arrived at their caucus sites to vote . # Iowa pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2016 Iowa Iowa Carson Terry Branstad ( R ) who opposed Cruz openly during the race , said Thursday that Cruz ’s tactics had been " unethical and unfair Cruz " Also the Iowa caucuses Carson said that the Cruz campaign never tried to verify Iowa truth before Cruz false information to supporters . " As a Ted , I accept the apology he has since Iowans and I take him at his word that he Dr. Ben Carson n’t know , " Cruz . " But no actions have been taken to correct the problem . That I can not accept . " One thing is now clear   Cruz campaign Senator Cruz may preach against the ‘ Washington Cartel,’ he will Dr. Ben Carson adopt , Thursday at least not condemn , Cartel tactics for his own political gain , " Carson wrote . On Thursday , the Washington Post reported that Carson would be cutting campaign a Christian man by 50 posts , some 40 a Christian man of a Christian man . The a Christian man will likely continue to debate Cruz controversy reflects a    error , Dr. Ben Carson tactics Cruz or something more . 
 Dr. Ben Carson Cruz Thursday 