  ( CNN ) Donald Trump gave a lengthy description of Donald Trump electoral victory , and lavished praise upon a Dubai business partner , during a    speech to 800 paying guests at Donald Trump Florida estate Saturday night . At points throughout Donald Trump address , Donald Trump prominent attendees , including " Hussain and the whole family , " an apparent reference to his Hussain business partner in Dubai Dubai Hussain Sajwani .   DAMAC Properties , Sajwani ’s company , has built the Trump International Course Dubai . They DAMAC Properties, Sajwani’s company currently working on a second course , designed by Tiger Woods , which is set to open in 2018 . " Hussain Hussain the whole family , the most beautiful people , are here from Dubai Dubai . And they DAMAC Properties, Sajwani’s company seeing it and they DAMAC Properties, Sajwani’s company loving it it " Trump said , referring to the ornate Grand Ballroom that he Trump at    . Video of the speech was provided to CNN by a person who attended the party . RELATED : Trump Trump partners include controversial foreign developers , Trump ’s Trump the complications he faces separating Trump from his Trump business Trump . Even if Trump creates a Trump between himself and his Trump running Trump company , Trump still will Trump the identity of his    business Trump . "   Trump is using Trump largesse as Trump to enhance his existing business Trump , " political law attorney Ken Gross told CNN . " Apparently , in his view , Trump practice does not run afoul of the representations he has made Trump date regarding the disentanglement of his business and Trump functions . It remains to this practice seen if this will ever get sorted out . " Trump ’s transition team said the    and Sajwani did n’t discuss their business partnership Trump’s transition team Florida . " They had no Trump’s transition team meetings or professional discussions . Their interactions were Trump’s transition team , " said Hope Hicks , Trump ’s spokeswoman Trump’s And Kellyanne Conway , a top Trump adviser , defended the   . " This man is allowed to have a New Year ’s Eve celebration with his friends , or This man business partners , This man his acquaintances , " This man told CNN ’s Anderson Cooper on " Anderson Cooper 360 . Anderson Cooper I spent a lot of time at     during this break , including I had dinner with the Hussains one night . .. Hussain and his wife , absolutely lovely Hussain . " She added : " she you took that example to it ’s extreme , nobody that example be able to be friends with anybody else . " " Nothing has changed , " Niall McLoughlin , Vice President of Corporate Communication and Marketing at DAMAC told CNN when asked where the terms of business have changes since the election .   " They like each other ’s company and they were together over the They year as social friends , " he said .   When Niall McLoughlin, Vice President of Corporate Communication and Marketing at DAMAC if Trump or the Trump Organization have outlined a new structure to avoid a conflict of interest , McLoughlin said " We have Niall McLoughlin, Vice President of Corporate Communication and Marketing at DAMAC dealing with Donald Trump ’s children and Trump or the Trump Organization the last three years    Ivanka , Eric and Donald Jr. " " I would be speculating if I commented on any changes in the future , " he added . " Our relationship Trump or the Trump Organization with the Trump Organization , " he said " but Mr Sajwani Trump or the Trump Organization a relationship that " goes back over a decade " with Mr Trump . Sajwani ’s son Abbas posted a Mr Sajwani from    . " Scenic , " was how he captioned a picture from the private club ’s Mr Sajwani . Photos provided to CNN also show Sajwani and his family attending    ’s Christmas Eve Mr Sajwani and Mr Sajwani with Trump . Trump and Sanjwani ’s relationship began in 2005 . They originally had plans to build a tower in Trump and Sanjwani’s relationship , but canceled the idea after the global financial crisis . Trump scrapped a December news conference in which he Trump set to announce his plans to address Trump conflicts of interests . Trump has said he Trump make an announcement sometime Trump the inauguration Trump Speaking this weekend at     the first billionaire    seemed unfazed by the conflicts . " It is not a big his conflicts of interests You people are making that a big deal , the business , " Trump said . " It ’s actually a very Trump situation . "   It his    speech Saturday , Trump described in detail Trump electoral victory , providing Trump     recap of Trump most expected him to loose . He claimed his wife Melania Trump late campaign speech Trump Pennsylvania Trump turn the state in his favor . He told the    crowd he Trump planning an Trump beginning to his administration Trump vowing to loosen regulations and end Trump Barack Obama ’s signature health care law . " Regulations are coming off , we ’re going to get rid of Obamacare , " he said , also vowing again to construct a Trump wall between the United States and Mexico . Trump also provided more detail about his bid to reduce the costs of the new Air Trump One . He said that when he met with US military brass Trump the election , Trump informed him that a new aircraft would cost in US military brass $ Trump billion range   —    a price he deemed unacceptable . Trump had made the claim previously Trump though had n’t Trump where the price figures came from . US officials , including at the White House , have suggested the $ 4 billion is inflated . During his speech , Trump claimed to have cut $ 1 Trump from the Trump tag for the new presidential aircraft . RELATED : Boeing CEO vows a new aircraft One costs below $ 4 billion , Trump called the generals who he met with " beautiful Trump " and alleged they Trump " Tom Cruise look like dirt . " Trump praised the members of his     club in attendance Trump who each paid $ Trump for a ticket to the annual New Years Eve party in the Grand Ballroom . He was less enthusiastic about their guests . " I Trump n’t really care too much about the guests . I do n’t give a s * * * about their guests , " Trump said . And he repeated his harsh criticism of Trump media , claiming Trump were Trump the back of the room . ( The press assigned to their Trump ’s movements was not present in the ballroom during Trump ’s speech ) . " They ’re really garbage , " Trump said Trump’s press . 
 Trump The press assigned to cover Trump’s movements 