Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential race , two new polls of registered voters show     but two new polls of registered voters differ on the size of Hillary Clinton advantage .   A Washington (CNN) News survey shows Clinton Hillary Clinton by 12 points , 51 % to 39 % .   A Wall Street    News poll , meanwhile , pegs Clinton Hillary Clinton lead at 5 points , 46 % to 41 % .   Trump is emerging from a difficult phase in his Trump , including the firing of campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , anemic fundraising and widespread blowback from his Trump over his Trump of an    federal judge as " Mexican " and therefore biased in his Trump Trump legal proceedings .   The    Clinton advantage would suggest those controversies have badly damaged Trump Trump the    lead would indicate he ’d Trump the last month largely unscathed .    Another example of the widely differing results : When    choices    Libertarian Gary Johnson are factored in , the Washington    News poll showed Clinton still Clinton by 10 points , while her lead Clinton to 1 point in the Wall Street    News survey .   Tweeted Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort : " I prefer    poll    " The Washington the Washington   News poll troubling signs for Trump .   Of those polled , 61 % said Clinton is qualified to be president , while 64 % said Trump is not qualified .   By a Trump than     margin , voters said Clinton , not Trump , has a better Clinton and temperament Trump serve as president . While 50 % said the idea of Clinton as president makes them anxious , 70 Clinton said the same 50% Trump .   And while Clinton ’s use Trump a private email server Clinton damaging     56 % said they disapprove of how she ’s handling questions 56% it     Trump Clinton been more severely damaged by controversies Trump him : 66 % say they think he Trump unfairly biased against minorities 66% % Trump his attacks on the judge were racist and Trump % disapprove of the way he has handled questions about Trump University . Trump The Wall Street    News poll found Clinton with huge leads among minorities     besting Trump 87 % to 5 % among    and 69 % to 22 % with Latinos .   She leads with women , 52 % to Clinton % while Trump holds the edge among white voters at Trump University % to 37 % men , 48 % to 38 % and independents , 40 % to 30 % . " The fact that Donald Trump had a really bad period and Trump University down just a few points indicates that Trump University will be difficult for either candidate to break out given the    division in the electorate , " Fred Yang , a Democratic pollster who conducted the poll with Republican pollster Bill McInturff , told The Wall Street Journal .   The Washington    News poll surveyed 1 , 001 adults between June    with a margin of error of plus or minus 3 . 5 percentage points . The Wall Street    poll surveyed 1 , 000 registered voters between June    with a margin of error of plus June    3 . 1 percentage points . 
 