  ( CNN ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions and deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein have interviewed multiple candidates for FBI director , according to sources familiar with the process who described the    interview sessions as professional and   .    The firing of FBI Director James Comey and Russia were not raised in the interviews , sources say . The meetings focused on FBI , issues of concern such as terror threats and cybersecurity , and especially combating violent crime in America . The Justice Department leaders did not ask candidates if they The Justice Department leaders promise to do the political will of President Donald Trump or for a pledge of loyalty to the President , according to one source who said , " Definitely not . And it ’s fortunate they did not ask for that . "    Sessions updated Trump President Donald Trump the progress Monday night .   Most of the interviews took place last Saturday at the Justice Department , following a tumultuous week with Comey ’s firing . Sources say , not surprisingly , Sessions and Rosenstein appeared exhausted .   A Justice the Justice Department declined to comment for this story . In recent days , Trump President Donald Trump also asked about     former New York Police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly as a possible FBI director , a source told CNN . The source a source President asked him about Kelly the President who was not one of the eight candidates Sessions and Rosenstein interviewed at the Justice New York Police Department . The source said he told a source he was the President Kelly the President experience the President Kelly did serve as former New York Police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly undersecretary for enforcement in the Treasury Department , New York Police Department the commissioner of the US Customs Service in the Clinton administration . A spokesman for Kelly declined to comment for this former New York Police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly . Andrew McCabe will likely remain acting director until a permanent director is nominated , according to one source familiar with the process .    Earlier Tuesday , Sen. Jon Cornyn , who was interviewed over the weekend by Sessions and Rosenstein , announced he was withdrawing his name from consideration .   Rosenstein Now more Rosenstein ever , the country needs a    independent FBI director , " Cornyn said in a statement . " I ’ve Rosenstein the administration that I ’m committed to helping them find such an individual , and that the the administration way I can serve is continuing to fight for a conservative agenda in the US Senate . " The process could be completed by the end of the week , said one source , with the President likely interviewing the top contenders . Another source , however , said the process may take longer as Justice officials are The process to people outside of the reported list of candidates for FBI director .   As Sessions and Rosenstein met with candidates over the weekend , officials     including Rosenstein     also phoned other candidates not on the list . One source said the fact that the the reported list of candidates for FBI director is seeking additional names may indicate they are not satisfied with the current list of candidates and the Justice Department is seeking additional names sold on anyone on the list . The source adds , however , that the the reported list of candidates for FBI director are feeling One source sense of great pressure " to identify a candidate as they try to meet the President ’s expectation of naming someone by Friday the two men Current and former FBI officials say in the wake of Comey ’s sudden firing , the    tenure that comes with the director ’s job and is meant to insulate the director from political pressure is now meaningless .   " Whoever becomes the director’s no matter how independent and honest , they will be operating with the knowledge that this president will not hesitate Current and former FBI officials fire you if he does n’t like your performance , for any reason , " one source this president . " You can expect to be tossed like an old shoe     with a dose of humiliation . " Clarification : A previous version of this story indicated Ray Kelly has no federal experience . In fact , he has served in the Treasury Department and as commissioner of the US Customs Ray Kelly . 
 