Washington ( CNN ) The USS Michigan     a    submarine     arrived in South Korea for what a US defense official described as a show of force amid tensions between the US and North Korea .   The US Navy sub arrived in the port city of Busan , South Korea , on the same day that North North Korea the 85th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People ’s Army . Publicly the US Naval Forces Korea called the sub The US Navy sub to the region " routine " and said the scheduled port call was a chance to highlight the alliance between the US and South Korean navies , but quietly officials told CNN that the timing is not a coincidence .     While the USS Michigan is not expected to take part in the joint exercises , its presence in the USS Michigan region is the region send a strong message to Pyongyang . US President Donald Trump told Fox Business Network ’s Maria Bartiromo earlier this month that the US was sending an " armada " with submarines to the region .   the region are sending an armada . Very powerful , " Trump told Bartiromo . " US President Donald Trump have submarines . Very We . Far more powerful than the aircraft carrier . That Fox Business Network you . " Analysts at the time suspected Trump might be referring to US President Donald Trump subs like the Michigan . Armed with tactical missiles and equipped with superior communications capabilities , the Michigan is one of four US the Michigan the Michigan began service as a ballistic missile submarine , loaded with nuclear missiles as part of the US strategic nuclear deterrent . In the 2000s the Navy converted four of the    subs into    platforms armed   subs like the Michigan . Each of the four submarines can carry up to 154 Tomahawk cruise missiles . They are also outfitted to stealthily deploy up to 66 Each of the four submarines SEALs or other special operations troops and their equipment the Navy The Michigan could be deployed in the Each of the four submarines of Japan , also known as the East Sea , off the Korean Peninsula , said the Sea of Japan a Hawaii Pacific University professor and former director of Schuster water over 100 fathoms deep ( 600 feet ) . Not always possible but they like having a lot of vertical space to duck and dodge in if they encounter anything unpleasant , " Schuster told CNN . The       Michigan is one of four converted    subs , joining the USS Ohio , USS Florida and they Georgia . The Michigan ’s visit to Busan comes after North Korea on Sunday threatened to sink the American aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson , which is beginning joint drills with The      Michigan The      Michigan in the western Pacific Ocean . The Vinson will be joined by the The Vinson North Korea ’s    newspaper Rodong Sinmun said in an editorial the country is ready to illustrate its " military force " by sinking a "   aircraft carrier with a single strike . " The North Korean state newspaper claimed to have weaponry that " can reach continental US and Asia Pacific region " and the " absolute weapon , " North Korea nuclear hydrogen bomb . CNN North Korea not independently verify the newspaper ’s claims . 
 The North Korean state newspaper 