’   ’ ’    President Donald Trump just named Army Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster    . ’ "    The     Army officer is the epitome of the      and The    Army officer ’s as well known for The    Army officer heroics in battle    as The    Army officer is for The    Army officer intellectual pursuits . " "    Though former national security adviser Michael Flynn was    rather controversial   —    the retired general peddled conspiracy    theories and ultimately resigned because of former national security adviser Michael Flynn ties to    Russia   —    I do n’t suspect anything other than professionalism    and solid advice being given to the president by McMaster . " "    Here ’s why . " "    Much like Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , who was revered by his    troops while serving as a general in the Marine Corps , McMaster    has earned a great deal of respect from soldiers . That ’s    because    career has been marked by personal heroism , excellent    leadership , and    tendency to buck traditional ways of    thinking . " ’’ "    As a captain during the Gulf War in 1991 , McMaster made a name    for McMaster during the . Though McMaster tank unit    was vastly outnumbered by the Iraqi Republican Guard , McMaster    did n’t lose a single tank in the engagement , while the Iraqis    lost nearly 80 . McMaster valor and leadership that day earned McMaster the    Silver Star , the    award for bravery . " ’    Then there was McMaster leadership during the Iraq War , during    which McMaster was one of the first commanders to use    counterinsurgency tactics . Before President George W. Bush    authorized a troop " surge " that pushed US forces to protect the    population and win over Iraqi civilians , it was McMaster who    demonstrated it could work   ’ "    McMaster is the kind of guy who says what ’s on McMaster mind and will    call out a wrongheaded approach when McMaster sees one . That tendency    is something that junior officers love , but those maverick ways    are not    by some of McMaster fellow generals . Put    simply : McMaster is n’t a political guy , unlike other officers who    are trying to jockey for position and move up in    careers . " "    In 2003 ,   McMaster criticized      Secretary Donald Rumsfeld ’s Iraq War plan that placed    too much of an emphasis on technology . McMaster also pushed back    on McMaster boss’ refusal to admit an insurgency was starting to take    hold in 2004 . " "    McMaster ’s been held back in McMaster career because of it   —    McMaster was passed     for McMaster first star   —    but his first star      was n’t due to incompetence . Instead , McMaster fight to be promoted    from colonel to brigadier general was seen as pure politics , and    McMaster does n’t like to play .   McMaster was eventually promoted in    2008 , but that has n’t made   McMaster any less outspoken . " ’      McMaster has a lot in common with another famous general : David    Petraeus .   ’ ’    In fact ,   McMaster was one of a select few officers that were in the    Petraeus " " during the Iraq War . ’ ’      McMaster is an expert on military strategy , counterinsurgency ,    and history . And   McMaster , like Petraeus , stands out among military    officers , since both earned advanced degrees .   McMaster holds a Ph . D. in history from the University of North    Carolina , where his   McMaster went far beyond the    readership of just a few professors . ’ ’    Titled " , " McMaster’ ’s dissertation    became an authoritative book on how the United States became    involved in the Vietnam War . Much of the book’ ’s focus is on the    Joint Chiefs of Staff , who were heaped with criticism for failing    to push back against President Lyndon B. Johnson . ’ ’    " ’ "    Whether McMaster can transition well from the Army to the White    House is the big question now , but he ’ ’   " ’ "   Whether McMaster can transition well from the Army to the White   House one of the best    people Trump could have picked . And like Mattis , he Mattis not       to challenge the president ’s views . " ’   ’ "    That ’s exactly the kind of person Trump Trump . " ’President Trump named Army Lt . Gen. ... ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 