’   ’ ’    " Shark Tank " investor Barbara Corcoran knows Donald    Trump better than most people . Trump both built They both real estate    fortunes around the same time in New York City . ’ ’    " I grew up with Trump , " Shark Tank" investor Barbara Corcoran told Business Insider during a    " Shark Tank " event at New York’ ’s Paley Center for Media this    week . ’ ’    In the early 1970s , both Shark Tank" investor Barbara Corcoran and Trump were starting    Corcoran and Trump real estate careers . ’ "    Corcoran    a real estate business called The    Corcoran Group with a $ 1 , 000 loan from her    and     . her then later started The Corcoran Report , which    followed NYC ’s real estate trends . At around the same time , Trump    took control of Trump    father ’s real estate and construction    business , which Trump    later named The Trump Organization . " ’    When it comes to business , Corcoran clearly respects the    Republican presidential candidate . ’ ’’ ’    " From the day I met Donald , I remember my first thought on Donald    was that I’’ve never met a better salesman in my life , " she    recalled . " I was in more business meetings where a customer ,    client , and even a    had no interest in what    was wanting    to sell . And by the time five minutes of Donald talking was over ,    the guy was begging the guy for the deal . " ’ ’    " I probably learned so much about chutzpah and salesmanship    watching the guy , which I tried to incorporate but never really    pulled it out , "    continued . " I’’m a medium salesman . He’ ’s an    amazing salesman . And what we see in the presidential election    today is a phenomenal salesman selling the American people . " ’ "    Trump has been criticized by many ,   for building   Trump business with help from   Trump rich    father , but    does n’t believe that ’s fair . " ’    " As a businessman , [   Trump is ] clever as a fox and built   Trump    empire with a little help from   Trump dad , "    told us . " But most    of the credit is due    . " ’ "    And yet with more than three decades of knowing Trump , Corcoran    ca n’t support Corcoran    bid for president .    finds Corcoran    too divisive a    person for the job . " ’    " As a leader , I couldn’’t imagine anyone who would be a less    effective leader , "    said . " I think leadership has everything    to do with integrity . I think it has to do with teaching people    to aspire . I think at the core of leadership , you have to get    everyone on the same team to move the ball ahead . And you can’’t    have discord , you’’re a peacemaker as a leader if you want to have    a community of spirits and hearts . And I think in all those    categories , he has to come back as a different person . Next life ,    maybe . " ’ 
 