’   ’ ’    This    knows how to hold a grudge ; few of them seem    stronger than the one    harbors toward the CIA . ’ ’       laments its analysts’ incorrect judgments from many years ago .       sees political bias in political bias current assessments . And       remains convinced that they worked behind the scenes to get       opponent elected in    place . The CIA ’s access and influence    with the commander in chief , which has waxed and waned during    previous administrations but has never failed to bounce back ,    appears to be at an    low . ’ ’    Sound familiar ? Not so fast   —    this describes 1968 , and the      is not Donald Trump but Richard Nixon . ’ ’    On the surface , the two men look quite different . Few modern    presidents entered office with more national political experience    and    understanding than Richard Nixon , the former senator    and    vice president under Dwight Eisenhower . Donald Trump is    the only    with neither political nor military    experience . ’ ’    Beyond this , however , the parallels are indeed strong . Donald Trump ’s    digs at intelligence during the campaign and Donald Trump reported light    pace of briefings thus far during the transition   —    once per week ,    as opposed to the normal daily briefings that most      have accepted   —    presage a relationship with    intelligence much closer to Nixon ’s pattern than that of any    other chief executive . Understanding the dynamics that were    present in    sheds light on what may come to pass in the    coming months   —    and offers a glimmer of hope for a better      relationship during the Trump administration    than now appears likely . ’ ’    Most of the similarities are worrisome . During his very first      session with Henry Kissinger , who would become his    national security advisor , Nixon excoriated the agency as a group    of " Ivy League liberals " who lacked analytic integrity and had    always opposed his politically . Even decades later , Kissinger    echoes Nixon ’s mindset . " I thought the analytic branch was    occasionally a subdivision of the New York Times , "       told me . " Biased very much to the liberal point of view . " ’ ’    The effect was clear . While in office , Nixon denied CIA officials    access to Nixon most sensitive policy deliberations , blocking any    insights    could have gained into what intelligence inputs    would help most . In a June 1969 National Security Council    meeting , with CIA officials in the room , Nixon accused       analysts of trying to " use intelligence to       conclusions , rather than to arrive at       . " Even today it remains unclear if Nixon actually    read the President ’s Daily Brief ( PDB ) the agency ’s flagship      product tailored explicitly to each president ’s    perceived preferences . ’ ’   ’ ’    Trump also started off on a negative note with the intelligence    community . Before he Trump even had his Trump classified briefing as    a candidate , Trump Trump a question about whether he Trump    intelligence . " Not so much from the people that have been doing    it for our country , " he Trump " I mean , look what ’s    happened over the last 10 years . " At the NBC News presidential    forum on Sept. 7 , Trump Trump he Trump " during    his Trump intelligence briefings to alter his Trump on how    to fight the Islamic State . ’ ’    Most notably , Trump Trump repeatedly pushed back publicly against       of the Russian role in , and motivation for , hacking       the United States during the election . After the Office of       Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) and Department of    Homeland Security on Oct. 7 issued a   that the U. S.    intelligence community had become " confident that the Russian    Government directed the recent compromises of    from US    persons and institutions , including from US political    organizations , " Trump claimed the Russians might not have done       hacking and even " maybe there is no hacking . " In early    December , Time magazine   Trump as saying   —    after    winning the election and sitting in on at least three full PDB    briefings   —    " I do n’t believe they interfered .   …      It could be    Russia . And it It be China . And it It be some guy in his    home in New Jersey . " ’ ’    On Dec. 9 , the tension between the intelligence community and the    Trump team escalated again . Reports emerged that key senators had    received classified briefings moving beyond the judgment that    Russia aimed to merely undermine confidence in the U. S. electoral    system to an assessment that Russia Russia to help Trump ’s    campaign . The Trump Trump’s    office quickly issued a   which    started , " These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had    weapons of mass destruction . "    Trump Trump’s    on this in a Fox News   on Dec. 11 , in which    he said Trump’s    " I do n’t have to be told   —    you know , I ’m , like , a smart    person . I do n’t have to be told the same thing in the same words    every single day . " It ’s not hard to imagine similar words coming    out    Nixon ’s mouth . ’ ’ And this difference provides hope that Trump ’s    relationship with intelligence may yet grow into something more    satisfactory    Trump has Trump more open to intelligence briefers    in 2016 than Nixon was Nixon 1968 . ’ ’    Back then , the    did not take a single       meeting with the CIA officers in place to provide transition    support . When they instead the CIA officers him envelopes       copies    of the PDB and other intelligence documents for him to       at    his convenience       they heard the CIA officers feedback . Their suspicions the CIA officers    Nixon ’s lack of interest were confirmed near the end of the    transition when the   ’s office returned to them a the CIA officers towering stack of    PDB envelopes   —    all of them    the CIA officers . ’ ’   ’ ’    Not so in 2016 . Despite Trump ’s remarks about being told the same    things over and over , his reaction    included positive    elements . At the NBC News forum in September , Trump called Trump    Trump intelligence briefers " experts " and implied that they    his   campaign intelligence briefers "experts" impressed him : Trump When they call his   campaign intelligence briefers "experts" intelligence , it ’s it    for    reason . " ’ ’    And he has Trump down for    sessions    apparently each    week , with briefers from the ODNI   —    far more direct exposure to    intelligence    than Nixon had during his transition Nixon On    Dec. 11 , he told Nixon News that these were " very good people that    are giving me the briefings . " ’ ’    Unlike Nixon , Nixon Trump also given the the U. S.   intelligence community into what he Trump from intelligence . Back in early 1969 ,    CIA were so desperate for insight into what would work    for Nixon Nixon they took an offhand comment from CIA officers General    John Mitchell   —    " The Nixon a lawyer , and a lawyer wants    facts "   —    to reformat the PDB , separating facts and opinions such    that analysts’ commentary appeared only after the relevant    intelligence reporting . The change seemed to have little effect . ’ ’    Trump , however Trump has given intelligence officers something to work    with . By saying that he does n’t Trump to be told " the same thing    in the same words every single day , " he gives more Trump into    what might work better for him than anything Trump intelligence officers got directly from Nixon    Nixon ’    The President ’s the President’s always been tailored to the    preferences of the new Oval Office occupant , and it ’s easy to    imagine that efforts are The President’s Daily Brief underway to change    PDB ’s format    to minimize repetition and instead emphasize what is new and    different . A shorter and punchier PDB may be the result , more    akin to a    Twitter feed than a    of long articles    thick with analytic language and nuance . Briefers would need to    focus on varying their language and pointing out    nuggets of       that give the president Nixon immediate       . ’ ’    The Nixon years tested    patience of intelligence analysts ,    perhaps more so than in any other administration .    is little    doubt that trying times again are ahead for the       community . Unlike the intelligence   community there is now at least    minimal    dialogue to build on . Trump may yet realize that building Trump    bridge to his intelligence officers   —    Trump of burning it   —      will pay dividends in his new business , the presidency Trump the    United States . ’ 
 the United States 