Lucian Wintrich ’s    art show has found a new location in Chelsea , New York City , after a new location in Chelsea, New York City previous venue , The Boiler , forced a new location in Chelsea, New York City out . [ Breitbart News can reveal that art show will now be held at 132 West 18th Street , Chelsea Chelsea NYC . Tickets are still available , and can be purchased via IndieGoGo .    Wintrich told Breitbart Breitbart News it is " a great space in a prime location . " It will it is "a great space in a prime location exhibits by Breitbart senior Breitbart Milo Yiannopoulos , Martin Shkreli , James O’Keefe , Gavin McInnes and more , with the highlight being Wintrich ’s photoseries of young , gay , male Trump supporters , Twinks4Trump . This is only the latest chapter in a series of dramatic events involving Wintrich ’s    show . Before being kicked out of the Pierogi Art Gallery owned venue , the    Joe Amrhein threatened to send all funds paid to the Clinton campaign . Amrhein also the   Joe Amrhein that he thought the   Joe Amrhein event was satirical , despite Wintrich providing Wintrich News with texts that show him marking the   Joe Amrhein the event the event Trump Gallery Show " on paper . The venue realtor , Sam Reznitsky , has also threatened to sue Wintrich and Wintrich bankrupt " him in the   Joe Amrhein lawsuit . # DaddyWillSaveUs , as it is officially #DaddyWillSaveUs , has also been targeted by journalists and protesters alike . Earlier in the week , Jamie Peck , a writer for the culture and politics blog , Death and Taxes , sent an email to approximately 200 other journalists demanding that they create a Jamie Peck, a writer for the culture and politics blog, Death and Taxes blackout and ignore the "   clowns " who set up the show . Peck has previously described Twinks4Trump , as " neofascist . " Mic , the    news and commentary site , also sabotaged a gay military fundraiser at the event . Jack Smith IV , a writer at Mic , persuaded the American Military Partners Association to reject Wintrich ’s offer to donate 30 % of the proceeds from # DaddyWillSaveUs to the " leading support network for families of LGBTQ veterans . " Protests were also planned to disrupt the event itself the event , a gay magazine based out of New York , included a demand in their latest email to the Gayletter, a gay magazine based out of New York to boycott and protest outside the planned location , in order to " hopefully close down the event . " A the event was also set up entitled " Queer Love Against Trump ’s Hate " which argued that the " bigotry and fascism " of the art exhibition must be stopped . Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard _ or Jack Hadfield him at jack@yiannopoulos . net . Jack Hadfield 