Sen. Marco Rubio repeatedly mocked Donald Trump today in Dallas   —    hitting the billionaire from multiple angles , including Sen. Marco Rubio typos on Twitter . [ Sen. Marco Rubio pulled out Sen. Marco Rubio smartphone and read Donald Trump multiple tweets that called Sen. Marco Rubio a " chocker " to a raucous crowd of supporters who cheered Sen. Marco Rubio on for taking on the billionaire candidate .   Sen. Marco Rubio also mocked Trump Donald Trump alleging Sen. Marco Rubio was " having a meltdown " during the debate , accusing Sen. Marco Rubio of putting makeup on Sen. Marco Rubio " sweat mustache " and asking for a full length mirror during the break . " I do n’t know why    …      maybe Sen. Marco Rubio was trying to make sure Sen. Marco Rubio pants were n’t wet , " Rubio grinned . " It ’s time to pull Sen. Marco Rubio mask off , " Sen. Marco Rubio continued , insisting that the billionaire was a " " who presided over multiple failures during Sen. Marco Rubio business career and hired foreign workers . Rubio Rubio pointed out that Trump was defending organizations like Planned Parenthood using the same arguments as Harry Reid . " The charade is up ! This is a con job , " said Rubio Rubio He Rubio mocked Trump Trump acting like a " tough guy " even though he Rubio the first presidential candidate that " begged for Secret Service protection " and said he Rubio to punch a protester in the face . " Donald Trump Trump punched anyone in the face , the face said as Trump supporters laughed Trump Rubio also pointed Trump that Trump had inherited Trump 200 million which helped him be successful Trump Without that , Rubio mocked , Trump would be Trump selling watches in Time Square " or " doing one of those infomercials " to flip properties . " We unmasked him last night Trump let me tell you it ’s time for you to unmask him as well Trump " he replied , Trump supporters to convince their friends that Trump supporters a Trump . Friends do n’t let friends vote for con artists , he said . Trump 