A new poll conducted by Survey USA and Los    ABC News affiliate KABC shows Donald Trump dominating the California primary race ( among registered voters   —    see Update ) leading Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) 54 % to 20 % . Ohio Gov. John Kasich is third in the poll , at 14 % . [ The poll ’s topline numbers were released on Monday at noon by ABC7 Eyewitness News reporter Elex Michelson :   # Breaking Results of @ABC7 @surveyusa poll of California voters : GOP:@realDonaldTrump 54%@tedcruz 20%@JohnKasich 14 %   —    Elex Michaelson ( @abc7elex ) May 2 , 2016 ,   the poll also found Hillary Clinton opening a wide lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) in the Golden State , 57 % to 38 % : # Breaking Results of @ABC7 @surveyusa poll of California California : Democrats:@HillaryClinton 57%@BernieSanders 38 %   —    Elex Michaelson ( @abc7elex ) May 2 , 2016 ,   The results confirm trends that show voters moving toward the frontrunner in each party as the final primary contests loom . Though neither Trump nor Clinton has a majority of the delegates needed to secure the nominations of their the delegates parties , each could clinch in California . On Monday , while campaigning in Indiana , Cruz predicted that no Republican candidate would win enough delegates to secure the 1 , 237 threshold . If Cruz Cruz in California California or holds Trump to a small victory , he Cruz stop Trump Trump amassing enough delegates . Trump Trump likely need to win California California secure victory , even if he Trump Indiana on Tuesday . However , Trump Trump lead in the California California   —    which has ballooned from high single digits in early April , to double digits in late April , and now to an outright majority   —    may suggest that the billionaire outsider could score a big enough win in California California hit 1 , 237 delegates , perhaps even without a win in Indiana , and could win the GOP nomination on the first ballot at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July . There are five weeks remaining until the June 7 California California . However , on May 9 ,    ballots will be sent to voters who have registered to receive them , ballots that voting will begin in earnest next week . Roughly    of California California are expected to vote early by mail , meaning that poll numbers at this point in the race could prove decisive , and difficult to reverse . Update : An article published subsequently by ABC7 . com indicates that the poll result reports support among registered voters , rather than likely voters . Further data were requested but not yet available . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak Leadership Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 