  ( CNN ) White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended Monday the Trump administration ’s omission of any reference to Jews in the Trump administration Holocaust remembrance statement , saying " nitpicking " of the Friday statement is " just ridiculous . " President Donald Trump " went out of President Donald Trump way to recognize the Holocaust , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said , referring to the statement released by President Donald Trump White House press office Friday .   " The the statement released by Trump’s White House press office Friday written with the help of someone who is both Jewish and the descendent of Holocaust survivors , " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said .   It seemed to be a clear reference to Trump President Donald Trump     and White House White House Jared Kushner . But asked moments later about Kushner ’s involvement Jared Kushner said : " I ’m not getting into who wrote it . "   White House : White House of Jews on Holocaust Remembrance Day because others were killed too , " To suggest that remembering the Holocaust and acknowledging all of the people     Jewish , gypsies , priests , disabled , gays and lesbians     it is pathetic that people are picking on a statement , " Spicer said .   The kerfuffle sprung up after the Trump White House made no mention the systemic targeting and killing of Jews during the Holocaust .   " It is with a heavy heart and somber mind that we remember and honor the victims , survivors , heroes of the Holocaust , " Trump the Holocaust his statement the Trump White House " It the Trump White House impossible to fully fathom the depravity and horror inflicted on innocent people by Nazi terror . " Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright criticized the omission Tuesday calling it " stunning . " Albright was born in Prague in Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright but eventually immigrated to the US to flee persecution from Nazis after stints in the UK and Czechoslovakia . " I found that stunning also , because everybody knows how many Jews died in the Holocaust , " she said . " I think that it was really     really unbelievable in terms of what day it was issued on Holocaust Memorial Day and not to understand the suffering . " Albright also mentioned that during that time America turned away Jewish refugees , a reference to Trump ’s travel ban blocking refugees from entering the U. S. for 120 days .   " One of the things people remember about the United States is that during the ’30s a ship of Jews was turned away from America , " she said . America Is that Albright thing we want to remember ? How we turn people away from this we when they need help America " So people combination is pretty bad , chaotic and disgusting , " she added .   The American Albright Committee quickly criticized Spicer ’s statement .   " Sorry @PressSec , it ’s never pathetic to stand up The American Jewish Committee the memory of the six million Jews murdered in the Holocaust , " the group tweeted at Spicer .   Republican Sen. Susan Collins Spicer Maine was also critical of Trump ’s Holocaust remembrance statement .   " The Administration ’s omission of the Jewish people in a Holocaust remembrance statement is an historical mistake , " she tweeted . Asked about the White Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine explanation that the President did n’t want to exclude any of the other groups Nazis killed by specifically mentioning Jews ,    League President Jonathan Greenblatt told CNN after Friday ’s statement was issued that the United Nations established International Holocaust Remembrance Day not only because of Holocaust denial but also because so many countries     Iran , Russia , Poland and Hungary , for example     specifically refuse to acknowledge Hitler ’s attempt to exterminate Jews , " opting instead to talk about generic suffering rather than recognizing this catastrophic incident for what is was : the intended genocide of the Jewish people . " Downplaying or disregarding the degree to which Jews were targeted for elimination during the Holocaust is a common theme of nationalist movements like those seen in Russia and Eastern Europe , Greenblatt said . Trump also faced criticism from the Republican Jewish Coalition , a group heavily funded by GOP    Sheldon Adelson .   " As supporters of President Trump , we know that he Trump his heart the memory of Trump six million Trump of the Holocaust , and is committed not just to their memory , but ensuring it never happens the six million victims of the Holocaust , " said the group ’s spokesman , Fred Brown . " The lack of a direct statement about the suffering of the Jewish people during the Holocaust was an unfortunate omission . History the Holocaust the purpose of the Nazi ’s final solution was the extermination of the Jews of Europe . We hope , going forward , he conveys those feelings when speaking about the Holocaust . " 
 the Holocaust 