Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton referred to the explosions in New York City as " bombings , " then attacked Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Republican rival , Donald Trump , for using the word " bomb " before authorities had publicly confirmed the facts of the attack . [ Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was speaking with reporters on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton campaign airplane , reacting to an explosion inside a dumpster in the Chelsea neighborhood in Manhattan that injured nearly 30 people . Another explosive device was reportedly found elsewhere in Manhattan . A pipe bomb had exploded earlier in the day in New Jersey , and a mass stabbing attack had taken place in Minnesota .   Trump told a campaign rally in Colorado Springs , Colorado : " Just before I got off the plane , a bomb went off in New York and nobody knows exactly what ’s going on . " Journalists pounced on the statement : The Latest on NYC blast : Donald Trump " bomb went off " in Chelsea before officials released any details . https :   .    —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) September 18 , 2016 ,   CNN commented ( in a news story ) : " Typically , national political figures use caution when describing unfolding situations and law enforcement actions . " The following exchange , tweeted by ABC News’ Liz Kreutz , then occurred between Clinton and campaign reporters : Hillary Clinton Clinton her campaign plane Clinton responds to explosion in NYC pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) September 18 , 2016 ,   Clinton : I Clinton breen briefed about the bombings in New York and New Jersey , and the attack in Minnesota . Obviously , we need to do everything we can to we our first responders we also to pray for the victims . We have to we this investigation unfold . We ’ve been we touch with various officials , including the mayor ’s office in New York , New York what they are discovering as they conduct this investigation they And this investigation have more to say about it when we actually know this investigation we ? Reporter : Secretary Clinton , Do you have any reaction to the fact that Donald Trump , immediately upon taking the stage tonight , called the explosion in New York a " New York    …      ? Clinton : Well , I think Secretary Clinton ’s important to know the facts about any incident like this . That ’s why it ’s critical to support the it responders , the investigators who are looking into it , trying to determine what it happen . She then added : " I Secretary Clinton it ’s always wiser to wait it you have information before making conclusions because we are just in the beginning stages of trying to determine what happened . " However , as Politico ( to its credit ) noted : " Politico …      the Democrat used similar words in her initial public remarks about Saturday Secretary Clinton ’s explosion in Manhattan . " The New York explosions appear to have been caused by improvised explosive devices . The second device found in Manhattan was reportedly a pressure cooker Manhattan apparently similar to the type used in the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 