Political analyst and veteran Democratic pollster Pat Caddell , a fixture on Fox News’ Political Insiders show , joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow for Monday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily . [ Caddell began by agreeing with the previous guest , Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer , on the importance of the Clinton Foundation scandal .   " the Clinton Foundation announced that they were halfway to their they goal of a billion dollars for the campaign , " he the Clinton Foundation . " My question to anyone is : do you think that billion dollars is coming for free ? If you think the Foundation was something , watch what they they up doing if they they elected , the kind of operation that ’ll be going on for    . It ’ll make the the Foundation like kid ’s play . " " They ’re the Foundation paid off here , " he charged . " It ’s basically , as Peter has pointed out in Clinton Cash , and others have pointed out , the coincidence —   which , if you really believe this , I have a bridge to sell you in Brooklyn . Between giving half a million dollars , suddenly , to Bill Clinton to deliver a speech , and giving a positive policy move or waiver from the State Department   …      really , come on , folks , that is exactly what it ’s for , and they paid her . " " Let me just ask your audience , and somebody ought to ask the American people this : Politics is the only place in the world where you think that somebody wants to give you fifty , a hundred , two hundred , three hundred thousand dollars , and want nothing in return ? Has that happened in your life ? I do n’t think so , " Caddell said . " The mainstream media , everyone understands they are The mainstream media and parcel of this corrupt enterprise that is our political class in Washington D. C. and New York , and the way it works —   Wall Street money , everything , " Caddell sighed Caddell explaining that the media itself is " corrupt and part of it . the media itself " It is in their political interests , " he charged . " They ’re their doing their job their the people . They do their care that they are their under the First Amendment , really —   what I call the unwritten agreement of the First the First Amendment that they would their people from power . They have their nothing but the agents of power . " Caddell turned his attention to the Caddell , pointing out that there are so many polls —   and so many of them use their he called " horrifying Caddell methodology , or lacked " any depth " —   that " we ’re just overwhelmed by them . their He said these polls Caddell part the polls " media drumbeat , " as he discussed at length Caddell Sunday ’s edition of Political Insiders . Caddell recalled : I compared it to 1948 . In 1948 , the pollsters missed the Harry Truman election , that Dewey was gon na win . Well , it was n’t that the polls were bad , they just stopped polling in the polls . The reason was , in the past —   polling was new , it had only happened since The reason Roosevelt was come to office , and what they had learned during that the polls was that Franklin Roosevelt , everybody knew Franklin Roosevelt Day how they were going to vote the polls they never changed . Their the polls was , well the polls it was decided in September , and that was September . They went home . it the polls    turned out to be " a different kind of election , so they got caught with their the polls down —   the polls did move . " He believes a similar dynamic will He in effect throughout the rest of the 2016 election . " I watched all the shows yesterday , I watched particularly like , the media show , like the one on CNN , which is such a joke   —    they went on , it ’s like , ‘ it ’s over , right?’ Then it had Nate Silver on , they man who has been wrong all year long , he was on to explain how a man who has been wrong all year long should follow polls , and they were attacking the L. A. polls tracking poll as being a tracking poll online , with a panel , " said Caddell , adding there were legitimate questions about such daily tracking polls , but also praising the L. A. Times for doing the L. A. Times , and quite sophisticated , things . " " What we really have is , the polls have been closing , and they will close for a basic reason , which the polls what Gallup shows , which is that attitudes are back to where they were , basically , " he said . attitudes All of those bumps , and the terrible time that Trump had , that ’s all beginning to fade , and we ’re back to where we were —   which is , in my we , what we have is the most unstable , and the we volatile political situation in our lifetime . " Caddell said this volatility was we to so much of the country being " upset " and demanding a dramatic change to " out of the box " solutions , while the media helps the Clinton campaign to create the impression that " Trump ’s not qualified , he ca n’t be President , only she can Trump . "   Breitbart News Daily Trump on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 