Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump accused former rival Jeb Bush of leading an effort among Republican delegates to block Donald Trump from securing the nomination in Cleveland next month . " By the way , former rival Jeb Bush is working on the movement , just so you understand . I love competition like that . I love it , " Donald Trump said Saturday during a campaign rally in Las Vegas .   A former campaign spokeswoman for Bush , Kristy Campbell , quickly fired back Saturday , calling Donald Trump " obsession " with Bush Bush unhealthy . " " Donald Donald Trump unending obsession with @JebBush is really unhealthy , " Campbell wrote .   Campbell referred Campbell to her tweet Campbell asked for comment on Trump ’s Donald Trump A group of Republican delegates , led by Colorado delegate Kendal Unruh , began organizing last week to change the convention rules so bound delegates could abstain from voting for Trump by citing Donald Trump moral objection to him . The Donald Trump could A group of Republican delegates, led by Colorado delegate Kendal Unruh the 1 , 237 delegates needed to secure the nomination , but it appears to face A group of Republican delegates, led by Colorado delegate Kendal Unruh odds .   Trump mercilessly mocked Donald Trump      Bush as " low energy " throughout the primary campaign . But after Bush ended his campaign     Bush many     Bush his supporters went to     Bush on # NeverTrump efforts . Any effort to remove Trump still faces Donald Trump odds     requiring the support of at least 1 , 237 delegates itself in order to block him . The push     Bush block Trump comes as Donald Trump have launched a preventative push to retain control of the House and Senate     amid signs that Trump is dragging Donald Trump other Republicans in key swing states .   Jeb Bush ’s brother , former president George W. Bush , has taken to the fundraising circuit on behalf of Senate candidates . They Senate some good brother, former president George W. Bush over the weekend , as supporters of Sen. Marco Rubio announced he is preparing to Sen. Marco Rubio course and run for    to his Senate seat . Sen. Marco Rubio Senate 