’   ’ "    Democrats vying to become the next chair of the Democratic    National Committee are set to face off for the final time    before the organization ’s election on Saturday . " "    At 10 p. m. ET on Wednesday , CNN is set to broadcast a debate    between eight candidates for the position . CNN ’s the last of a    number of    debates and forums during    which candidates have attempted to make candidates case to the    447 voting DNC members about how to bring the Democratic    party out of the electoral wilderness . " ’    The next chair needs a majority of the 447 votes to win . ’ "    Though the candidates themselves went to lengths to maintain    civility in the months since President Donald Trump ’s victory   —    a    pact was created not to campaign negatively   —    the race has been    viewed as a battle between the embattled establishment wing of    the party and the emboldened progressive left . " ’    While almost every candidate has emphasized strengthening state    parties and broadening the vision beyond winning the presidency ,    former Labor Secretary Tom Perez has garnered praise and support    from some former    figures , including former Labor Secretary Tom Perez former    colleagues serving under President Barack Obama . ’ "    Meanwhile , Rep. Keith Ellison ’s longtime leftist activism and    vocal support during the 2016 Democratic primary for Sen. Bernie    Sanders has helped the Minnesota congressman rally    grassroots support . " ’    The race appears fluid , as the campaigns have not released public    lists of supporters and multiple media outlets have reported    wildly different vote counts . ’ "    The Hill interviewed dozens of voting members and     Wednesday morning that Ellison had 105 supporters to Perez ’s 57 ,    while The Associated Press spoke to an independent      strategist who reported that Perez had 205 committed    voters to Ellison ’s 153 . " "    The AP reported that South Carolina Democratic party chair Jaime    Harrison had 27 committed supporters , while South Bend Indiana    Mayor Pete Buttigieg had eight , and Idaho Democratic    Party chair Sally Boynton Brown had 10 . The remaining    candidates had no support in the AP ’s report . " "    Staffers from multiple campaigns acknowledged it ’s unclear    whether a candidate will have enough votes to win on the first    ballot . DNC rules stipulate that after the second round of    voting , the candidate with the fewest number of votes in    each proceeding round is automatically eliminated , consolidating    the field . " ’    Here are the main contenders for the chair . ’ ’   ’ "    Even before Hillary Clinton ’s upset loss in the 2016 presidential    election , the Minnesota congressman   the chair post , formally announcing his    bid in    with the backing of major party figures . " ’    Ellison scooped up endorsements from some    labor    groups , as well as progressive leaders including Sanders and Sen.    Elizabeth Warren . Ellison also locked down vocal    like    Sens . Chuck Schumer , Amy Klobuchar , and Chris Murphy , as    well as former Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid . ’ ’    Ellison has continued to shore up Ellison progressive bona fides    throughout the race ,   to reinstate a ban on lobbyist contributions to the    DNC . ’ ’    But Ellison bid has faced some roadblocks . ’ ’    Critics assailed Ellison over his Ellison supporting the Nation of    Islam and its    leader   Islam Ellison Ellison renounced    his Ellison , but   from prominent Jewish    Democrats . ’ ’    An aide told Business Insider on Thursday that Ellison Ellison    " incredibly confident " about his Ellison , given a slew of    new notable endorsements , including New Hampshire Democratic    Party chair Raymond Buckley , who dropped out of the chair    race himself Ellison backed Ellison .   ’ ’   ’ ’    A former labor secretary and deputy attorney general for    civil rights , Perez is hoping his executive experience Perez    connection with    labor and    groups , and    commitment to " making house calls " and fighting voter suppression    laws can    DNC voters . ’ ’    But Perez has been Perez as the establishment pick , partially    because of his support from Perez profile former administration    officials , including former Vice President Joe Biden and former    Attorney General Eric Holder . ’ "    Such support has proved to be a    sword , as he ’s also Perez been forced to explain his previous support Perez the      Partnership , the controversial multinational trade pact that drew    strong opposition    some labor communities .   " "    Though Ellison ’s    endorsements gave the appearance of    early momentum , Perez also appears to have strong support .   " "    Perez announced last Perez that he had 180 Perez members    supporting his bid , Perez a campaign staffer told Business Insider    on Thursday that he ’s gained Perez supporters in the past    week . " ’    " Going into Atlanta , I’’m proud of the broad support we’’ve    received from every corner of the country . I have spent this past    week in     conversations with DNC members and in larger    meetings with state parties discussing how we bring Democrats    together , turn our party around the Democratic   Party work together to defeat    Donald Trump’ ’s dangerous agenda , " Perez said in a statement    Thursday . ’ ’   ’ "    Buttigieg has perhaps the most interesting resume of any    candidate seeking the chair ’s position . " ’    A       gay Naval reserve officer    who can claim the title Afghanistan veteran and Rhode Scholar ,    Buttigieg announced his Buttigieg January , " ’   A      gay Naval reserve officer   who can claim the title Afghanistan veteran and Rhode Scholar,   Buttigieg casting himself as a third option    Democrats hoping to    move past the fight    the left and the establishment .   ’ ’    " The proxy characterization   —    I think it ’s a little unfair to    some of the candidates    but I do think that it ’s there , and it    think it ’s bad    business it We ca n’t be seen as trapped in that    kind of fight , " Buttigieg told Business Insider in January . ’ ’    He added : " Everyone ’ ’    this race is progressive , everyone wants    to be chair , and wants to be chair in order to defend progressive    values . And so we ’ve got a way to transcend that divide . We ’re    always going we be a party just like the other side with people    with some diversity of opinion . But we ’ve got to keep we    together . " ’ ’    Beyond his appeals to empowering local    , Buttigieg also    highlighted his success at    elections    the Rust Belt    among voters who abandoned the Democratic party for President Donald Trump . ’ "    The former mayor has racked up a few prominent endorsements ,    including former chairs Howard Dean and Steve Grossman and former    Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley . He has also announced support a few prominent endorsements,   including former chairs Howard Dean and Steve Grossman and former   Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley    a host of mayors . " ’   ’ ’    A longtime Democratic staffer in the House of Representatives ,    Harrison is also hoping to emerge as an option in later rounds of    voting if Perez and Ellison Perez not consolidate their leads    early on Perez and Ellison ’ "    The former lobbyist has touted experience as a state party    leader , saying he understands how state organizations The former lobbyist    neglected in the 2016 race . He this race the Democratic    The former lobbyist became complacent during President Barack Obama ’s administration and    forgot to compete in states like his own . " "    Harrison The former lobbyist a handful of prominent public   Harrison , including    Rep. Tim Ryan and Rep. James Clyburn , Harrison ’s former boss on    Capitol   Harrison " ’   ’ ’    A    candidate , Idaho Democratic   Party chair Sally Boynton Brown has similarly highlighted    the loss of connection between the national organization       state parties . ’ ’    " I really think that we have lost focus as a party . I don’’t think    we have any overarching identity message . We’’ve let we    Republicans frame the debate and frame our party for a really the Democratic   Party time . And , frankly , I will say that in losing the amount of    statehouses that we’’ve lost , we’’ve also allowed them to    legislate , " she   NPR in the   Republicans . ’ ’    Brown   January NPR media outlets when she    said that her " job is to tell she people when to she    their mouths " when speaking insensitively about race .   white people ’Democrats vying to become the next chair of the . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 