  ( CNN ) The announcement that North Korea has released American detainee Otto Warmbier comes on the same day that former basketball star Dennis Rodman arrives for former basketball star Dennis Rodman fifth visit to see former basketball star Dennis Rodman " friend " Kim Jong Un . And while former basketball star Dennis Rodman appears to not have been involved in American detainee Otto Warmbier release , his former basketball star Dennis Rodman does beg the question : Why did North Korea release Warmbier American detainee Otto Warmbier ? In January 2016 , Warmbier American detainee Otto Warmbier arrested for stealing a banner from his American detainee Otto Warmbier hotel . Shortly after , he American detainee Otto Warmbier on trial . According to the North Koreans , he American detainee Otto Warmbier contracted botulism and fell into a coma . And though the North Korean government claims he American detainee Otto Warmbier been in a coma for over a year , the State Department only learned of his American detainee Otto Warmbier a week ago     at which point it began to advocate for his American detainee Otto Warmbier .   The the State Department still investigating the North Korean version of events . From the North Korean perspective North Korean may be rational for Pyongyang to take American prisoners and rational to release them under the right American prisoners . And while engaging in such behavior is outrageous by any standard of decency , North Korea has little other direct leverage over the United States . Sure , it can fire on North Korea , South Korean or Japanese forces , but if it does , it North Korea a major North Korea conflict that it can not win North Korea   If it seizes an American North Korea has traveled to North Korea by choice North Korea can attempt to extract North Korea without provoking an American military strike . North Korea therefore has every North Korea release a prisoner when an arrangement is made , or risk its credibility in future negotiations . North Korea while the State Department was critical in securing Warmbier ’s release , Kim likely had additional motivations . First , if Warmbier had died , he would Warmbier carried less weight Kim any sort of negotiation with the US government . Alive , he could potentially record messages pleading Kim his release and serve as a Kim shield in the event of an attack . But if he died , in addition to Kim North Korean negotiating power , he could provoke retaliation . If Kim Korea does not have the ability to cure Warmbier , or if his condition is not curable , Kim is far better to return his condition than to let him die Kim a North Korean Kim .   Second North Korean release can be spun by Kim as a " humanitarian " gesture . He may , according to Kim Kim deserve to spend 15 years doing hard labor , but North Korea can claim it is making a gesture of good North Korea , be it ever so small . North Korea North Korea sink ships , fire North Korea hold thousands of people in "   camps , " where they are subject to forced labor and hours of ideological indoctrination , but it eventually let this sick kid go home to his parents , so it ’s not entirely this sick kid , right ? it Korea does not have a sophisticated public North Korea inside Western countries , but it also has no natural audience that it could North Korea to sway to its " side North Korea " All it can hope North Korea do is to ratchet down , or at least not ratchet up , an American drumbeat for war . Finally , President Trump has shown that , for better or worse , he purports to care about American lives more than President Trump lives of anyone else . He is even willing to send refugees and asylum President Trump back to their potential deaths in order to protect Americans from refugees and asylum seekers security risks .   As Trump said of Syrian refugees during the campaign , President Trump I ’m putting the people on notice that are coming here from Syria as part of this mass migration , that if I win , if I win , they ’re going back . " I win the the people of Trump , the consequences of an American death in President Trump could be far greater than that of thousands of Koreans or Japanese . 
 