I can now see where Hillary gets it from . Hillary assault on me and the politics of Brexit after my appearance alongside Donald Trump in Jackson , Mississippi shows that the Democratic establishment just ca n’t face the facts . [ After President Obama ’s condescending approach to the UK electorate during our referendum , in which President Obama told our that Brexit Britain " would be at the back of the queue " for any trade deal , President Obama now appears to be in denial .   At the G20 summit in China , President Obama now tells us our we our it wrong and that we our behind the rest of the European Union in terms of trade priorities . What a way to treat your oldest and closest ally . I suspect the British public will now view him President Obama an object of contempt . Given that Trump was clear about Brexit both during and after the campaign , I can now see this issue being a real political football between now and polling day on November 8th . Either you support the existing global elite or you want real change and believe in nation state democracy . Perhaps Obama and Clinton have done us all a favour .   MRS MAY BLINKS , Although I never wanted Theresa MRS MAY be our Prime Minister , I had been prepared to give her the Theresa of the doubt . After all , she did Theresa " Brexit means Brexit " .   But in the wake of the G20 and the continued bullying of the USA and Japan , something seems to have slipped .   The EU ’s single market , so beloved by the multinationals and career political class , is now being hailed as our commercial salvation . But to be a part of it means the acceptance of free movement of people . The referendum was clear : the British people voted to leave the single market and to take back control of our borders .   Yesterday Mrs. May said that we voted for " some " control of immigration . She has Mrs. May . The pressures from the    market camp appear to be working . The battle lines of British politics for the next couple of years are now drawn . The currently popular Prime Minister may well discover just how strongly the 17 . 4 million Leave voters feel . 
 