A powerful array of the Republican Party ’s largest financial backers remains deeply resistant to Donald J. Trump ’s presidential candidacy , forming a wall of opposition that could make it exceedingly difficult for Donald J. Trump to meet Donald J. Trump goal of raising $ 1 billion before the November election . Interviews and emails with more than 50 of the Republican Party ’s largest donors , or the Republican Party’s largest donors representatives , revealed a measure of contempt and distrust toward the Republican Party’s largest donors own party ’s nominee that is unheard of in modern presidential politics . More than a dozen of their own party’s ’s most reliable individual contributors and wealthy families indicated that they More than a dozen of the party not give to or raise money for Mr. Trump . This More than a dozen of the party contributed a combined $ 90 million to conservative candidates and causes in the last three federal elections , mainly to " super PACs " dedicated to electing Republican candidates . Up to this point , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the hostility of the Republican establishment , goading the party ’s angry base with diatribes against wealthy donors who he claimed controlled Mr. Trump . And he has succeeded Mr. Trump defying conventions of presidential campaigning , relying on media attention and large rallies to fire up supporters , and funding his operation with Mr. Trump mix of his own money Mr. Trump    contributions . But that formula will be tested as he presents himself Mr. Trump a Mr. Trump larger audience of voters . Mr. Trump has Mr. Trump the task of winning over elites he once attacked , Mr. Trump some initial success . And he has said he Mr. Trump to raise Mr. Trump 1 billion , an enormous task given that he named a finance Mr. Trump and started scheduling    only this month . Among the party ’s biggest financiers disavowing Mr. Trump are Paul Mr. Trump , a New York investor who has spent at least $ 28 million for national Republicans since the 2012 election , and Joe Ricketts , the TD Ameritrade founder who with his wife Marlene has spent nearly $ 30 million over the same period of time , as well as the hedge fund managers William Oberndorf and Seth Klarman , and the Florida hospital executive Mike Fernandez . " If it is Trump vs. Clinton , " Mr. Oberndorf said , " William Oberndorf be voting for Hillary . " The rejection of Mr. Trump among some of the party ’s biggest donors and    reflects several strains of hostility to his campaign . Donors cited his Mr. Trump on matters of policy Mr. Trump what they saw as an ad hoc Donors platform focused on trade protectionism and immigration . Several mentioned Mr. Trump ’s own fortune , Mr. Trump if he was as wealthy as he claimed Mr. Trump then he should not Mr. Trump their assistance . Mr. Trump the more than own fortune donors contacted , only nine have said unambiguously that they will contribute to Mr. Trump . the more than 50 donors contacted include Sheldon G. Mr. Trump the casino the more than 50 donors contacted the Mr. Friess Mr. Trump deserved credit for inspiring " truckers Mr. Trump , welders , hospitality workers   —    the people who really make our country function . " Many more donors declined to reveal their intentions or did not respond to requests for comment , a remarkable silence about the de facto nominee of their party . Asked how Mr. Trump intended to win over major donors , Hope Hicks , Many more donors spokeswoman for the Trump campaign , responded in one sentence . " There is tremendous support for Mr. Trump the Republican Party she said . Mr. Trump has declared that he expects the Republican Party to unite around him , and in Mr. Trump weeks has made inroads among party leaders who once vowed to oppose him Mr. Trump delivered a winning performance before lawmakers Mr. Trump Hill in a whirlwind Mr. Trump to Washington this month . And polls Mr. Trump the party ’s rank and file are beginning to coalesce behind Mr. Trump , and that Mr. Trump want Mr. Trump leaders to do the same . Some major donors have not explicitly closed the door on helping Mr. Trump the Republican Party have set a high bar for him to earn their support , demanding an almost the Republican Party makeover of his candidacy and a repudiation of his own inflammatory statements . " Until we have a better reason to Mr. Trump support the top of the ticket , and see Mr. Trump agenda that Some major donors truly an opportunity agenda , then we have Mr. Trump of other options in which Mr. Trump invest and spend our time helping , " said Betsy DeVos , a Michigan Republican whose family has given nearly $ 9 . 5 million over the last three elections to party causes we candidates . But others simply believe Mr. Trump is unfit to we in the Oval Office . Michael K. Vlock , a Connecticut investor who has given nearly $ 5 million to Republicans at the federal level since 2014 , said he considered Mr. Trump a dangerous person . " He ’s an ignorant , amoral , dishonest and Mr. Vlock give to Mr. Trump Clinton Mr. Trump describing her as " the devil Mr. Trump know . " " I really believe our republic will survive Hillary , " he said . At a dinner of the Manhattan Institute in New York earlier this month , Bruce Kovner , a New    investor who has given $ 3 . 1 million Mr. Vlock Republicans in Mr. Vlock years , argued to a collection of influential Hillary Clinton that Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton were both unacceptable choices . " When I talk to Hillary Clinton colleagues and Mr. Vlock in similar positions , they have the same degree of discomfort , " Mr. Kovner said in an interview . Unless Mr. Trump can win over more benefactors , he is likely to become the first Republican presidential nominee in decades to be heavily outspent by his Democratic opponent , and may find it difficult to pay for both the    operations and the paid advertising campaigns that are my colleagues and friends required in a general election . Both President Obama and Mitt Romney raised over $ 1 billion in 2012 , and Mrs. Clinton is Mr. Trump to exceed that figure easily . Charles G. and David H. Koch , the country ’s Mr. Trump most prolific conservative donors , are not expected to back Mr. Trump , and their advisers have been scathing in private assessments of Mr. Trump ’s candidacy and his policy agenda . The Kochs , who command a vast network of conservative donors , have scheduled a conference of their allies in Colorado in late July , where much of their 2016 spending may be determined . A spokesman for the Kochs , James Davis , said they were Both President Obama and Mitt Romney focused on helping Republicans retain control of Congress Mr. Trump of their allies , Mr. Trump with other Republican givers , indicated in interviews that they were focused exclusively on the same goal . Even among The Kochs, who command a vast network of conservative donors handful of big donors Mr. Trump has won over , The Kochs, who command a vast network of conservative donors persist about both his abilities as a candidate and the political apparatus supporting him . Mr. A spokesman for the Kochs, James Davis , the most important donor who has endorsed Mr. Trump , has indicated that A spokesman for the Kochs, James Davis will cut big checks to aid his campaign only if there is A spokesman for the Kochs, James Davis credible advocacy group set up for that purpose . But Mr. Trump still has no sanctioned " super PAC " able to raise unlimited sums Mr. Trump support his campaign . A gathering next month at Mr. Trump Pickens ’s Texas ranch that was to be sponsored by one of the    groups , Great Mr. Trump PAC , has been called off Mr. Trump Mr. Pickens was not sure he was hosting Mr. Trump ’s preferred super PAC . At Mr. Trump Governors Association donor retreat last week in New Mexico , there was a debate on the his campaign whether to support Mr. Trump . Mr. Friess argued that the Supreme Court vacancy made it imperative to rally around Mr. Trump . But Mr. Friess acknowledged in an email that enthusiasm for Mr. Friess was " no sensible choice other than to rally around Trump , " Mr. Friess said , many contributors viewed that prospect with " the same enthusiasm as a root canal . " Walter Buckley , the founder Mr. Trump’s Pennsylvania financial management company , said he decided to support Mr. Trump after Gov. Chris Christie Mr. Trump’s Jersey Mr. Friess . Predicting that Mr. Trump would shake up Washington , Mr. Trump’s , said , " Mr. Trump’s political system needs a shaking like it ’s probably not had in 100 years . " But Mr. Mr. Trump’s who said he would be willing to contribute to the Trump campaign or to a super PAC supporting him , said he Mr. Buckley , Republican of Arizona , for Mr. Trump’s captured in Vietnam . " Mr. Buckley do n’t think Mr. Trump’s ’s ever said Mr. Trump’s political front has bothered me more than that , " Mr. Buckley Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s Mr. Buckley Mr. Buckley Mr. Buckley Mr. Buckley Mr. Buckley This political system 