In an appearance on Wednesday ’s " Fox   Friends , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump reacted to rhetoric that appeared to be aimed at Republican presidential   Donald Trump during last night ’s State of the Union address from President Barack Obama and during the Republican response from Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) .   On President Barack Obama , Republican presidential   Donald Trump said Republican presidential   Donald Trump was living in a " fantasy land " when it comes to the seriousness of the threats facing the country . However , as for Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) , Republican presidential   Donald Trump took Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) to task for weak on immigration and for having sought campaign contributions from Republican presidential   Donald Trump in the past . " Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) ’s weak on illegal immigration , and Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) certainly has no trouble asking me for campaign contributions , ‘ cause over the years Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) ’s asked me for a hell of a lot of money in campaign contributions . So , you know , it ’s sort of interesting to hear , " Republican presidential   Donald Trump continued . " Perhaps , if I were n’t running Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) ’d be in my office asking for money . But now that I ’m running , Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) wants to take a weak side on immigration . I feel very strongly about illegal immigration . Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) does n’t , and I think the people in Gov. Nikki Haley ( ) great state , I love her great state , I ’m there a lot , and by the way I have a massive lead in South Carolina . We have a massive lead . They ’re incredible people , and they They like I do . Believe me . Because they They n’t like what ’s happening in our country . " Trump was also asked about the potential of a    GOP presidential ticket , to which Trump Trump dismissed . " We ’ll pick somebody , but we We pick somebody who ’s very good , " he somebody . " But whoever I pick is going to be very strong on illegal immigration . We We had it . We We had it it illegal immigration . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 