’   ’ "    Donald Trump on Tuesday called for an investigation into    President Barack Obama after hacked emails from Hillary Clinton    campaign chairman John Podesta , published by WikiLeaks ,     Hillary Clinton use of a private email server . " ’    In an interview   Trump called the revelation " a    big thing . " ’ ’    " This means that he has to be investigated , " Trump Trump . ’ ’    During a rally in Sanford , Florida , on Tuesday afternoon , Trump Trump the latest emails . ’ ’    " But newly public emails   —    WikiLeaks   —    prove otherwise , " he said Trump of Obama’ ’s knowledge of the private server Clinton used while she    Clinton    secretary    state . ’ ’’ ’    The Republican presidential nominee said " now I understand " why    Obama supported Clinton in Clinton presidential election . ’ ’    " Because he didn’’t The Republican presidential nominee to get caught up in the big lie , " he    The Republican presidential nominee . " We have to investigate the investigation . We have We    investigate    " ’ ’    The   top Clinton aide Clinton Cheryl Mills ’’ response when Clinton’ ’s traveling press secretary ,    Nick Merrill , forwarded   that quoted Obama as saying he learned Obama the    private server " the same time everybody else " did . ’ ’    " We need to clean this up , " Mills wrote to Podesta . " He has Podesta emails from her   —    they do not say state . gov . " ’ "    The exchange seemed to imply that Obama knew about Clinton ’s use    of a private email server , which would contradict what he said Obama during   in March 2015 . " ’    When CBS White House correspondent Bill Plante asked Obama when Obama he learned CBS White House correspondent Bill Plante Clinton used Clinton email system outside the US    government for official business while she was Clinton of    state    Obama responded Obama " The same time everybody else learned it    through news reports . " ’ ’    The White House has addressed this supposed inconsistency . Press    secretary Josh Earnest said after the CBS interview aired that    Obama " Obama referring specifically to the arrangement associated    with Secretary Clinton’ ’s email . " ’ ’    " Yes , the president was aware of her email Press   secretary Josh Earnest , " Earnest    Press   secretary Josh Earnest " He traded emails the president her . That Press   secretary Josh Earnest be a surprise    that the president of the United States is going to trade emails    with the secretary of state . But the president was the president of    the fact that this was a personal email server and that this was    the this address that she was using exclusively for all her    business . she was not the president that until that had been    more widely reported . "    "    The FBI investigated Clinton ’s use of the server , but ultimately    declined to recommend the Justice    move forward with    charges against her . "       The Clinton campaign has tied WikiLeaks to Clinton hackers    looking to swing the election    favor of Trump . US intelligence    has claimed Russia was behind the hacks of American political    organizations in 2016 . ’ ’ Pamela Engel contributed to this report . ’ 
 