Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump ’s incoming chief of staff continued to cast doubt on the American intelligence community ’s finding that Russia was responsible for hacks into Democratic emails in an effort to help Donald Trump defeat Hillary Clinton .   " It sure would be nice to hear from everybody . I mean , if there is this conclusive opinion among all of these intelligence agencies , then these intelligence agencies should issue a report or these intelligence agencies should stand in front of a camera and make the case , " Reince Priebus said on " Fox News Sunday . "   Host Chris Wallace pressed Priebus , currently the chairman of the Republican National Committee , on what it would take for Trump to accept that Russia was behind the hacks , and that Russia intent was to boost Trump .    " I think Host Chris Wallace would accept the conclusion if these intelligence professionals would get together , put out a report , show the American people that these intelligence professionals ’re actually on the same page as opposed to third parties through ’The Washington Post,’ " Priebus said .   Wallace pointed out that CIA Director John Brennan had sent an unclassified letter Friday to the agency ’s employees saying that FBI Director James Comey and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper agree with CIA findings on the Russian hacking .   But Priebus said the intelligence FBI Director James Comey and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper their findings publicly . the CIA’s findings on the Russian hacking I mean , we have n’t heard FBI Director James Comey and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper Comey . So , look , I think that these guys should be straight with the American people and come out and say it . I do n’t think they ’ve been clear about the American people . I think that it ’s been all over it map , " Priebus said .   He Priebus US intelligence agencies’ Priebus might ultimately be accepted by Trump .   " Look , I think that they ’re almost there , except for the fact they have n’t been totally they front and transparent in their opinion as to who they what , where , and how this all happened . And I think they ’ll get there . they when they do , we can they from the they and get his opinion , " he said .   " his the reality of all of this and all of these players that are spinning these reports are doing it for a political purpose this " Priebus said , " which is to delegitimize the outcome of the election . "   Priebus’ comments come amid a public spat between Trump ’s aides and President Barack Obama ’s White House over Russian hacking .   On Thursday , White House spokesman Josh Earnest White House    criticism of Trump , White House spokesman Josh Earnest it was Trump obvious to the Republican ’s team that Russia was interfering in the US election to bolster their chances of victory . He the Republican’s team the   ’s response White House spokesman Josh Earnest unserious , and encouraged Trump to answer questions about Trump hacking instead of questioning US intelligence . " It ’s just a fact     you all have it on tape     that the It nominee for president was encouraging Russia to hack his opponent because he believed that the Republican nominee for president was would help the Republican nominee for president was campaign , " Earnest said the Republican nominee for president was calling it a " basic fact " It the presidential contest . " I do n’t know if it was a staff meeting or It he had access to a briefing the Republican nominee for president was he was just basing his assessment the Republican nominee for president was a large number the Republican nominee for president was published reports , but Mr. Trump obviously knew that Russia the Republican nominee for president was in malicious cyberactivity that was helping him and hurting Hillary Clinton ’s campaign the Republican nominee for president was " Earnest said .   Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said on the Republican nominee for president was " Face the Nation " Sunday that Trump ’s campaign had no contact with the Republican nominee for president was .   " Absolutely not . Those conversations never happened , " Conway said , calling claims otherwise " inaccurate Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway false and dangerous " and saying they " undermine the democracy . "   Those conversations Podesta , chairman of Hillary Clinton ’s Podesta Press " that the election " was distorted by the Russian intervention . "   " It ’s very much unknown whether there was collusion , " Podesta said . " So I think really not what Mr. Trump knew , but what did Trump Inc. know and when did they know it , were they in touch with the Russians ? I think those are still Trump Inc. questions Trump Inc. " 
 Trump Inc. 