Washington   ( CNN ) They may be " disgusted " and dismayed by Donald Trump ’s bragging about groping women , but many leading figures of the religious right are still backing Donald Trump’s for president .    Ralph Reed , head of Donald Trump ’s religious advisory board , shrugged off incendiary comments made by the GOP nominee in a newly unearthed video . " I ’ve listened to the tape . My view is that people of faith are voting for president on issues like who will defend and protect unborn life , defund Planned Parenthood , grow the economy and create jobs , oppose the Iran nuclear deal , " Ralph Reed told CNN . " I think a     tape of a private conversation with a TV talk show host ranks pretty low on a    tape of a private conversation with a TV talk show host hierarchy of a    tape of a private conversation with a TV talk show host concerns . " Reed , chairman and founder of the Faith and Freedom Coalition , called the     recordings " ancient " and said Reed, chairman and founder of the Faith and Freedom Coalition do not change his view of the businessman at all . " Everybody falls short of a standard of perfection but Donald Trump ’s been married to Melania for 10 , 11 , 12 years now , " Donald Trump’s said . " And Donald Trump’s has a great family and has a tremendous relationship with Donald Trump’s children . " Nearly 80 % of white evangelical voters back Donald Trump , according to a recent Pew Research Center survey . a recent Pew Research Center survey was taken before the tape was released , however . " I think it a recent Pew Research Center survey already baked into the cake for most voters that Donald Trump is not a saint and Hillary Clinton is corrupt and not trustworthy , " Reed said . " Voters are voting based on that perception of the candidates . " Johnnie Moore , a member of Trump Donald Trump evangelical advisory board , said many evangelicals are " disgusted " by Trump Donald Trump , but will still vote for him . Donald Trump Most conservative evangelicals who are voting for Trump have Donald Trump been under the illusion that Trump has Donald Trump puritan past . They are Most conservative evangelicals who are voting for Trump concerned about the present and whether or not he is Donald Trump likely than Hillary Clinton to protect their religious Most conservative evangelicals who are voting for Trump , appoint conservative judges and protect the life of the unborn . "   Moore distanced himself a Moore from Trump , Donald Trump , saying that his membership Moore the advisory board should not be construed as an endorsement .   " I was n’t on board with the advisory board . None of us were asked to endorse him , we Moore only asked to provide us and perspective on certain issues . I agreed to serve because of my concern for refugees and for persecuted Christians around the world . " James Dobson , an evangelical psychologist Dobson The comments Mr. Trump made Donald Trump ago were deplorable and I condemn them entirely . " Dobson is a member of Trump ’s evangelical advisory Donald Trump .   However , Dobson The comments Mr. Trump made 11 years ago , " I also find Hillary Clinton ’s support of partial birth abortion criminal and her opinion Dobson evangelicals to be bigoted . There really is only one difference between the two . Mr. Hillary Clinton’s promises to Donald Trump liberty and the dignity of the unborn . Mrs. Clinton promises she will not . "   Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , a Hillary Clinton’s organization , Hillary Clinton’s Trump ’s behavior " deeply Perkins As I have made clear , my support for Donald Trump in the general election Donald Trump based upon shared values rather it was built upon shared concerns . " Perkins said Christians are left to vote for the candidate that will do the most to protect religious liberty . " At this point in the political process my support for Donald Trump in the general election because of our lack of engagement and involvement as Christians , not just in this election but in the government and culture as a whole , we are left with a choice of voting for the one who will do the least damage to our freedoms , " he said the general election Other public evangelicals offered mixed opinions . Christian conservative and " our Dynasty " star Phil Robertson , who has backed Trump , said evangelical leaders frustrated with Trump ’s controversies need to " lighten up . " " I would say they need to lighten up , start going out and preaching the gospel to different people , including Donald Trump , and give Trump time to think about spiritual matters , and work with him , and evangelical leaders condemn anybody , " he told WABC radio host Rita Cosby . Russell Moore , president of Trump and Religious Liberty Commission Trump the public policy arm of the Southern Baptist Convention , called Trump leaders’ continued support for Trump a " Trump and a scandal . "   " The damage done to the gospel this year , by    evangelicals , will take longer to recover from than the ’80s TV evangelist scandals , " he Trump on Saturday .   Erick Erickson , a conservative pundit , criticized those Republicans defending Trump who once criticized former President Bill Clinton for his sexual indiscretions .   " Republicans who once wanted ( Bill ) ’80s TV impeached because the POTUS is supposed to be the office of a moral man are now Trump Trump .   New York Times bestselling author former President Bill Clinton Held Evans , who often writes about women ’s issues former President Bill Clinton evangelical former President Bill Clinton to speak out against Trump ’s words . " Evangelicals , misogyny is wrong . Sexual assault is wrong . Adultery is wrong . Calling women " bitches "   " pieces of ass " is wrong . SAY SO , " she tweeted . Trump 