Reactions to    Donald Trump ’s secretary of state pick are pouring in following   Donald Trump announcement Tuesday to offer the job to Rex Tillerson , the chief executive of ExxonMobil . [ Here is what a few leaders have to say :   Frank Gaffney , Center for Security Policy President : " I have misgivings about [ Tillerson ’s nomination ] . " " There ’s much that commends Tillerson to us all , in terms of the obvious attributes : a skilled executive , you need that in an unruly department like the State Department a man who knows the world , indisputably a man who has an intimate knowledge of lots of the trouble spots and foreign leaders with whom this country is going to have to be engaged , in some form or fashion . " " That said , some of those qualities or attributes , if you will , are potentially problematic . " " He has said he He a very close personal relationship with Vladimir Putin . One of the few things that has been of concern to many of us in the     policy community has been some of the statements he He made over the course of the campaign about how he He Putin Vladimir Putin how he He the opportunity to work with Putin Vladimir Putin how he He sort of envisioned a   —    well , to coin a phrase , a ‘ reset’ with Russia . And this would be the man to do that I think there ’s very little doubt about it . " Breitbart News Daily , Condoleezza Rice , former Secretary of State : " Rex Tillerson is an excellent choice for Secretary of State . He Rex Tillerson bring to the post remarkable and broad international experience a deep understanding of the global economy and a belief in America ’s special role in the world . " I know Rex as a successful businessman and a patriot . He Rex Tillerson represent the interests and the values of the America resolve and commitment . And he Rex Tillerson lead the exceptional men and women of the State Department with respect and dedication . " I look forward to supporting Rex through the Rex process and then welcoming him to the Rex of Secretaries of State . " Senator Chris Coons ( ): " Mr. Tillerson has been for decades working at and most recently helping lead the world ’s largest publicly traded oil and gas company and that certainly gives him a deep Mr. Tillerson broad experience . " " There are real differences between negotiating an oil contract , an oil exploration drilling contract in the Arctic with Vladimir Putin , and standing up for , fighting for core American values . " Robert Gates , former Secretary of Defense : " I strongly endorse the   ’s selection of Rex Tillerson to be the next Secretary of State . He would bring Robert Gates, former Secretary of Defense: " the position vast knowledge , experience and success in dealing with dozens of governments and leaders in every corner of the world . He is a Robert Gates, former Secretary of Defense: " of great integrity whose only goal in office would be to protect and advance the interests of the United States . I know this Eagle Scout will be a global champion of the best values of our country . " Former Vice President Dick Cheney : " The selection of Rex Tillerson to be Secretary of State is an inspired choice . I ’ve known Rex for many years both in his role as Rex Chairman and CEO of Exxon and as a personal friend . He has the Rex experience , ability , and judgment to deal with the very dangerous world we find confronting us . His extensive knowledge Rex the global situation will be an asset in representing our nation . As the Chairman and the Chairman and CEO of Exxon operated Rex nations all over the globe , and managed one of our largest corporations . I ’m confident that he will do Rex superb job promoting our national interests in dealing with the complex and difficult choices that are on the agenda for the next administration . " Matthew Boyle , Breitbart News’ Washington , D. C. Editor , " Tillerson has a history of supporting policies opposite to many of the themes the    highlighted during his campaign , including on Common Core education Tillerson , using sanctions to enact foreign policy objectives , carbon tax , climate change , and on global trade and energy policy . " Breitbart News , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ): " Rex Tillerson ’s decades of experience have been widely recognized for    strategic planning , managing international partnerships and risk , and focused leadership around the world . " As    Trump ’s choice for nomination for Secretary of State , he will bring this critical skills , knowledge Trump capabilities into an important role after eight years of the Obama administration ’s uncertain leadership . " We need a full review of our national security policy , and I know We will face each problem head on with American interests and security as his top priority . I look forward to Rex his nomination . " Stephen Hadley , former Rex Security Advisor under President George W. Bush : " It is a strong choice . Mr. Tillerson has broad experience and established relationships throughout the world . They will be of enormous value as the new administration develops its foreign policy strategy The Trump administration " Robert Charles The Trump administration former Assistant Secretary of State :   " Another fascinating , deep , insightful choice   —    Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State .   What should every American know about this selection ?   A few things they may not have heard yet . Exxon ’s Chairman every American CEO , Rex Tillerson is another   Exxon , as edgy in diplomacy as he is proven in business .    …      What is Rex Tillerson    from this savvy appointment ?   A new professionalism is in the air   —    and it ’s about time .   Whatever friction he may encounter in the wind tunnel of change , he Rex Tillerson likely to do well , and bring a perspective Rex Tillerson often seen in the Capitol . " Fox News , Senator Jeff Flake ( ): " The fact that Condi Rice , James Baker and Bob Gates are recommending Tillerson carries considerable weight . I look forward to the hearings . " Jeff Immelt , CEO General Electric : " I applaud the    for his choice of Rex Tillerson for the role of Secretary of the    . I have worked closely with Rex on significant projects all over the world . As the leader of Exxon Mobil , a truly global American company , Rex has an exceptional understanding of our country ’s essential and Rex role in the world .   More importantly , he has a contemporary the world view of our most important Rex . He is highly respected ,    a great negotiator and smart Rex " Suzanne Maloney , Brookings    : " In today ’s competitive and interconnected world , leading a major multinational corporation requires many of the same skills as diplomacy : immersion in global politics and culture , keen capacity for assessing threats and opportunities , competence in managing bureaucracies as well as unforeseen crises . " Great diplomats have come from many walks of life . Although the Foreign Service may be the primary incubator , many brilliant statesmen began their careers elsewhere . James Baker , George H. W. Bush ’s many brilliant statesmen of state , was a lawyer . My current boss , Strobe Talbott , was a journalist before serving as deputy secretary of state during the Clinton administration . If nominated and Mr. Tillerson be another example . " Senator Bob Corker , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ( ): " Mr. Tillerson is a very impressive individual and has an extraordinary working knowledge of the world . I congratulate Mr. Tillerson his nomination and look forward to meeting with him and chairing his confirmation hearing . " Senator Ron Mr. Tillerson ( Mr. Tillerson " Tillerson nom adds another    player Mr. Tillerson impressive team Mr. Tillerson I look forward to meeting , discussing enormous global challenges we face . " Senator John Cornyn ( ): " Rex Tillerson ’s successful tenure leading a large multinational corporation reflects a keen ability to navigate complex geopolitical issues across the globe . His experience will be critical as the next Secretary of State will face a broad array of diplomatic challenges that Rex Tillerson define the security and success of our nation for generations . A lifelong Texan , I ’ve long valued Rex ’s insight and look forward to supporting his nomination . " House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ): " Congratulations to Rex Tillerson , a proven leader and Rex of enormous accomplishment . " Newt Gingrich : " Getting Rex Rex Tillerson serve as Secretary of State is a great achievement by President elect Trump . He will help make America great again . America Jim DeMint , Heritage Foundation President : " For too long , Newt Gingrich: "Getting Rex Tillerson to serve United States has America position of weakness on the world stage , and Mr. Tillerson must work to reverse this dangerous decline . The Mr. Tillerson has the opportunity to reinvigorate American leadership abroad by projecting the strength and stability that have been the bedrock of our diplomacy for more than two centuries . Mr. Tillerson must defend American interests , stand resolute in the face Mr. Tillerson from adversarial powers such as Russia Russia Iran and China , and reassure our allies that the United States will continue to America in an increasingly dangerous and complex world . " Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee : China I trust    Trump to assemble the team that he our allies confident will give America our Trump ability to restore America ’s Trump America His selection of Rex America example of recruiting people of extraordinary skill and Trump .   How refreshing to have people with real world success rather than simply rounding up some academics with big ideas but very small accomplishments .   Think tank theorists are useful to design the craft , but to complete the mission , we need people who have actually flown the craft . " Former Secretary of State James A. Baker III :   " Rex Tillerson , who is a friend of mine , is an excellent choice the craft the State Department and has an opportunity to be a the State Department of State . As CEO head of one of the world ’s largest and    companies , ( he ) has demonstrated the management and negotiating skills , and has the international the world that are required for the job . Further , I am confident he will understand the global Former Secretary of State James A. Baker III:  "Rex Tillerson, who is a friend of mine facing the United States and has the intellect the address them . I the United States support for Tillerson ’s nomination to members of    Donald Trump ’s transition Former Secretary of State James A. Baker III:  "Rex Tillerson, who is a friend of mine on Monday afternoon , Dec. 12 , when they Mr. Tillerson to me about the possibility of a Tillerson nomination . " Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush :    " In the interview with WJLH , Bush Tillerson praised Rex Tillerson , Donald Trump ’s nominee for secretary of state , saying the Exxon Mobile CEO has ‘ vast experience.’ He called Tillerson a ‘ patriot’ who will ‘ represent the interests Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush:    United States really , really well . But ( the America Mr. Tillerson have the chance to discuss all these things in an opening Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush:    . That ’s how the process works . ’ " Tampa Bay Times , Senator Jim Inhofe ( ):   " I am pleased by    Trump ’s announcement to nominate Rex Tillerson to be our Secretary of State , " Inhofe said .   " I have known Rex for years and think he will be great for this position . He Donald Trump’s accomplished leader who has Rex himself on the world Rex as ExxonMobil ’s CEO Senator Jim Inhofe His business Rex will provide a welcomed , fresh look Rex how the State Department conducts its business , and Rex am confident he will the State Department leadership position to the State Department the United States and our allies around the world the State Department I America discussing Rex national security concerns with him the State Department working closely with him in the coming years . " Senator Johnny Isakson ( ): " Mr. the world an impressive background Rex unique experience and extensive Rex of working in a global environment . I congratulate Mr. Tillerson on his nomination , Mr. Tillerson look forward to meeting with him during the confirmation process to learn more about how he views the world and America ’s national Mr. Tillerson . " Senator James Lankford ( ): " Rex Mr. Tillerson ’s philosophy on his nomination freedom , Middle East Mr. Tillerson , foreign assistance and relations with countries like Russia Russia China must be closely examined before confirmation . " Representative Michael Burgess ( ):   " I commend    Trump on his nomination of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State . This prominent position in the Administration is tasked with the delicate balance China working to ease tensions around the globe while also ensuring U. S. national security and a strong foreign policy agenda . The Trump administration   Trump a constituent on mine in the 26th district of Texas , has worked extensively with foreign leaders cultivating relationships that will only prove to benefit the globe interest around the world . From the pipelines to platforms , his experience leading the global efforts of one of America ’s most successful companies has equipped him with the understanding and insight America navigate the current the world . Congratulations to Mr. Tillerson on this honorable nomination . " Andrew Bowen , American Enterprise Institute :   " U. S. Tillerson Is A Strong Choice To Be America ’s Next Mr. Tillerson . " Newsweek , U. S. Petroleum Institute President America CEO Jack Gerard : " Rex Tillerson is world class . He has his nomination of Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State working with global leaders and overseeing the creation of thousands of jobs He understands that American voters want to strengthen our national security , grow jobs , and protect American interests globally . " As our nation ’s next top diplomat , Rex has the strategic Rex Tillerson to effectively represent the new administration and the American people . He runs one of the Rex Tillerson companies in the world that operates in American voters than 50 countries Rex oversees over 75 , 000 employees our nation he has    experience working on international Rex . His relationships and in particular those with other nations will the world advance U. S. interests across the globe . " We congratulate Rex Rex being nominated and look forward to working with Rex , the incoming administration , and the new Congress on common sense policies that protect the environment , create jobs , and Rex our economy . " Senator David Perdue ( the globe U. S. Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on the State Department and USAID Management , International Operations , and Bilateral International Development : " While the State Department like a nontraditional choice , after eight years of foreign policy setbacks , we will need to make some bold changes to help    American leadership and credibility around the world . Rex Tillerson has Rex Tillerson career overseeing one Rex Tillerson our nation ’s largest companies and growing its presence around the world . As both a business guy and chairman of the subcommittee that oversees State Department management , I look forward to hearing from Mr. Tillerson the world his goals for the State Department the State Department learning more about his perspective on the global security crisis we face today . the world the State Department President and CEO Jay our nation’s : "   Trump has chosen an expert negotiator to run the business of American diplomacy . A great friend to the National Association of Manufacturers , Rex Tillerson has spent Mr. Tillerson making deals and Rex Tillerson results now he can put his Mr. Tillerson Rex Tillerson , talents Rex Tillerson connections to work on behalf of our entire country . Manufacturers are encouraged to   Trump a leader from the manufacturing economy take on the role of America ’s chief diplomat , and we are pleased that Rex will bring a business America the State Department . " Beyond his rock star business credentials , Rex has been a staunch force for the dignity and opportunity of all the State Department will no doubt work to make our nation Rex our world a better place . For all of his stellar accomplishments Rex Rex and his wife Renda Rex incredibly humble , decent and relatable people of the highest character . I wish them both the best in this important endeavor , and much success in the critical work that is ahead Rex Rex . " Rex America Rex Building Trades Unions : " For almost a our , North America ’s Building Trades Unions have had the opportunity to work closely with Rex Tillerson in his current Rex Tillerson the Chief Executive Officer of Exxon Mobil Rex   During that Rex and his wife Renda working directly with him , and also in conjunction with the Oil   Natural Gas Industry    Committee , Mr. Tillerson demonstrated a strong intellect , a resilient and dynamic grasp of both global and North America’s , and a deep and unyielding sense of patriotism for our great nation . " Rex Tillerson has successfully shepherded Exxon Mr. Tillerson tumultuous times in terms of global   .   With his intellect , his wit , and Rex Tillerson deep understanding Rex Tillerson knowledge of the Rex Tillerson as it exists today , we believe he will be a tremendous success as Rex Tillerson of State , and we offer our full support for his our nation This post has Rex Tillerson updated since publication . 
 the world Exxon Mobil we we 