’   ’ ’    While there is   President    Trump is not wrong in suggesting that our voter registration    systems could use an update .   ’ "    Take Trump , for example . Despite what she ’s said    publicly , President Trump daughter is , in fact ,    registered to    in both Pennsylvania and New York . " "    This likely happened because she registered when President Trump’s youngest daughter was a President Trump’s youngest daughter student at the University of Pennsylvania . When she moved back President Trump’s youngest daughter    New York after New York May , she likely did President Trump’s youngest daughter notify the    Pennsylvania Board of Elections that she no longer President Trump’s youngest daughter there . " "    She ’s not President Trump’s youngest daughter , though . Chances are the last time you moved    across state lines , you did n’t notify your former Board of the   Pennsylvania Board of Elections    the   Pennsylvania Board of Elections , Donald Trump was probably   that many Americans are " registered to vote    in two states . " That said , most of these people are probably just    like Tiffany Trump : They have no intention to actually Donald Trump in more these people one state , they just didn’’t properly    notify the Board of Elections these people ’ ’’ ’    To help cut down on double registrations like these , the   ( ERIC ) is partnering up with states to help them    communicate about voter registration . The idea for these, the  (ERIC)    born    out of the Pew Research Center’ ’s conference called " Voting in    America " : ’ ’    " The overall consensus was that voter registration was out of    date , " ERIC’ ’s executive director John Lindback told Business    Insider . " It’ ’s the biggest problem with elections in the United    States . " ’ ’    ERIC was officially formed in 2012 with seven states :     ’ "    Today , ERIC ’s membership has grown to 20 states , as ERIC    Washington D. C.   " ’    " S ’ ’    Despite not having every state involved in ERIC , Lindback is    proud of the number of participating ERIC . He said when it    comes to elections , states are Lindback slow moving ,       online voter registration as an example ( it has been    option    for 15 years , and yet , only about 35 states have signed on ) . ’ ’ Michael McDonald warned that while it might be    helpful to have a national voter registry , it is something that    would receive a fair amount of pushback from the states    Lindback    agreed , saying they are not only about 35 states the federal government    support for ERIC Lindback    but perhaps the government should consider    setting a deadline for states to join the federal government   support for ERIC    database .   ’ 
 