  ( CNN ) Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election 147 days ago . Donald Trump remains fixated on Donald Trump win     and the fact no one saw it coming . Speaking at the 2017 North America ’s Building Trades Unions National Legislative Conference in Washington months after Election Day , Donald Trump regaled the assembled union members with the story about Donald Trump unlikely victory , something Donald Trump has done at countless speeches before . " the assembled union members would say , ’There ’s no way to 270 . You need 270 . There ’s no way to 270.’ I heard that so much . For a year , I kept saying maybe I should n’t be running , " Donald Trump said , before ticking through the states Donald Trump won , including unexpected victories in Michigan and Wisconsin . " They came out of the blue , and They did n’t even need They     and They love those two states     because They won the state of Pennsylvania . And They won Ohio and Iowa and North Carolina and South Carolina and Florida , and so many others , " he said , to cheers . It has become more likely than not that Trump will mention the 2016 campaign     and Trump unexpected victory     when Trump speaks to big crowds . But on Tuesday , Trump may have misjudged Trump audience . Standing before Trump were union members , from a host of unions that as entities did n’t actually support Trump in the 2016 campaign . In fact , every national union associated with the group Trump addressed on Tuesday including the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers , International Brotherhood of Teamsters and Laborers’ International Union of North America     either endorsed Clinton during the 2016 election or are members of a large union body , like the    that did so . So when Trump began to brag about having the support of everyone in the room , Trump heard from the vocal crowd , which had been largely appreciative during much of Trump address . " I had the support of , I would say , almost everybody in this the room We had tremendous support , " Trump said before a few boos began to grow from the audience . " No , we did We We had We support . We had We support tremendous support Trump clearly heard the boos and reacted . " Well , would you like to make a change , folks ? Would you like to make a change ? Because if anybody wants to make a change , you wo n’t have so many jobs , that I can tell you . Your jobs will be a whole different story , " he Trump . 
 