Washington ( CNN ) Rep. Jason Chaffetz called on Donald Trump Wednesday to " open up ( Donald Trump ) kimono " and release Donald Trump tax returns and medical records . The Utah Republican and House Oversight Committee chairman added The Utah Republican and House Oversight Committee chairman voice to a chorus of prominent Republican lawmakers appealing to the GOP presidential candidate to be more transparent about The Utah Republican and House Oversight Committee chairman wealth and health . " If you ’re going to run and try to become the president of the United States , you ’re going to have to open up your kimono and show everything , your tax returns , your medical records , " Chaffetz told CNN ’s Jim Sciutto on " The Lead " after Jim Sciutto criticized Hillary Clinton for allegedly allowing lines to blur between Hillary Clinton family ’s charity , the Clinton Foundation , and the State Department while Hillary Clinton was at the State Department helm .   Trump ally : I ’m not peddling ’conspiracy theories’ about Hillary Clinton ’s health , Chaffetz continued : " You ’re just going to have to do that , Chaffetz ’s too important . So both candidates , Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , should show both their both candidates, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton records and tax returns , absolutely . " Earlier this month , Wisconsin Rep. Sean Duffy also told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer that Trump Donald Trump make his Donald Trump returns available to the public . " We deserve all the information about these both candidates, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton we can get our hands we to make an educated vote in November , " Duffy said Wisconsin Rep. Sean Duffy an interview on " The Situation Room . "   Trump has Donald Trump he will Donald Trump his tax his tax returns is Donald Trump longer being audited . In refusing to release the returns , he his tax returns with decades of modern presidential campaign precedent . Clinton ’s campaign recently began airing a new television ad that hits the real estate mogul for refusing to be more open with his tax returns , despite Clinton claim in a 2014 Clinton with an Irish television station that he " absolutely " would Clinton Clinton released her 2015 tax Clinton earlier Clinton month and eight years of personal income tax returns in 2015 .   Meanwhile , both candidates have faced questions about their physical fitness for the both candidates Office .   Like Clinton , Trump has released Clinton medical information , most notably in the form of a December 2015 letter of a few paragraphs from his personal physician , a Clinton , that described his blood pressure and lab Clinton as " astonishingly excellent " while suggesting a President Trump would be the " healthiest individual ever elected . " But Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN ’s chief medical correspondent , found much of that language surprising and , in some cases , almost comically lacking in objective data . 
 