’   ’ ’    Robert O’’Neill , the former Navy SEAL who claimed to have fired    the shots that killed Osama bin Laden , called the reporter who    was " " by a Republican House candidate in Montana a    " snowflake . " ’ ’    Speaking during an appearance on Fox News ’’ " The Specialists , "    O’’Neill , who is from Montana , also said the incident seemed " kind    of funny based on my history . " ’ ’    The   ahead of a campaign event for    Republican candidate Greg Gianforte . Approached by Ben Jacobs of    The Guardian and pressed about the Congressional Budget Office    score for the American Health Care Act ,   Republican candidate Greg Gianforte reportedly    grabbed Ben Jacobs by the throat and slammed Ben Jacobs to the ground ,    breaking Ben Jacobs glasses . Fox News reporters on scene said   Republican candidate Greg Gianforte also punched Jacobs , who later tweeted that he   Republican candidate Greg Gianforte " body slammed "    by Gianforte . ’ ’ ’      Republican candidate Greg Gianforte subsequently charged with misdemeanor assault . ’ ’    " All of a sudden , what happened there in Montana , apparently this    snowflake reporter invaded Gianforte’ ’s safe space , " O’’Neill said .    " And we have a saying up there you know if you mess around , you    mess around    you might not be around . " ’ "    O’Neill went into his own history ’ "   O’Neill with the media , which    he said was ’ "   O’Neill after he claimed he ’ "   O’Neill the ’ "   O’Neill    that killed bin Laden . " ’    " These guys kind of    my father    they got him These guys say    some stuff    " he said .    He didn’’t know    difference between on    the record and off the record . " ’ ’    He criticized "    tactics " he said were    by those    reporters and Jacobs . ’ ’    " Granted , I’’m not condoning the body slam , " he said .    I think    it’ ’s kind of funny based on my history . But you know , you try to    mess with    sometimes ,    get the bull’ ’s horns in Montana . " ’ "    The special election for Montana ’s lone Montana is Thursday .    Prior to    violent incident , the race between Gianforte and    Democratic candidate Rob Quist appeared to be tightening . The    candidates are vying to replace Ryan Zinke , whom President Donald    Trump selected to be Interior secretary . " ’ ’ " Robert O’Neill , the former Navy SEAL who . .. " ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 