’   ’ ’    Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani withdrew last week from    consideration to be secretary of state or any other role in the    incoming White House ,    Donald Trump said Friday . ’ ’    " Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani is an extraordinarily talented and patriotic    American , " Trump   Donald Trump . " I will always be appreciative of his Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani dedication to our campaign after I won the primaries and for his Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani extremely wise counsel . " ’ ’    Trump   Donald Trump that Giuliani Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani continues to be a close personal    friend " and will be someone he Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani to for advice . The   Donald Trump he Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani can see an important place for him Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani in the administration at a later date . " ’ ’    Giuliani , who was initially   for secretary of    state , was overshadowed in recent weeks by other people ,    including retired Gen. David Petraeus and Mitt Romney , the former    Massachusetts governor and 2012 Republican presidential nominee . ’ ’    " This is not about me ; it is about what is best for the country    and the new administration , " Giuliani said in a statement    explaining his decision Giuliani ’ ’’ ’    The former New York City mayor , who after the release of the lewd    2005 " Access Hollywood " tape was perhaps the only surrogate who    publicly defended Trump , will remain vice chairman of the    presidential transition team , the campaign said . ’ ’    " Before I joined the campaign I was very involved and fulfilled    by my work with my law firm and consulting firm , and I will    continue that work with even more enthusiasm , " Giuliani said .    "    the vantage point of the private sector , I look forward to    helping       in any way he deems Giuliani and    appropriate    " ’ ’    Fox News host Neil Cavuto , who spoke to Giuliani after Giuliani was    announced he had Giuliani his name Giuliani consideration , asked if    he    Giuliani all bitter . ’ ’    " Not at all . I am a very happy man , " Giuliani said Giuliani adding that    Trump    continues to be one of my closest friends . " ’ ’    The pair will attend the    football game on Saturday    together    Giuliani said Giuliani ’ "    Trump ’s   Trump of candidates for secretary of state has   in recent days . The    Wall Street Journal   that Rex    Tillerson , CEO of Exxon Mobile , was Trump ’s   Trump favorite for    the post . " 
 