’   ’ ’    For months , President Donald Trump has taken almost every    possible     chance to slam news media outlets that President Donald Trump    feels are portraying President Donald Trump unfairly by writing or broadcasting    negative stories about President Donald Trump administration . ’ ’    But President Donald Trump comments to Time Magazine in an interview published    Thursday were particularly colorful and pointed . President Donald Trump took aim    at a number of prominent critics , including " Late Show " host    Stephen Colbert and " Morning Joe " host Joe    Scarborough .   ’ ’    And the president took precise aim at CNN , singling out    anchors Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon , hosts generally on television    at the times of day   —    early morning and late night   —    Trump    generally tunes in . ’ ’    " Chris Cuomo , he Chris Cuomo sitting there like a chained lunatic , " Trump Trump    . " He Chris Cuomo like a boiler ready to explode , the level of hatred .    And the entire , you know the entire CNN platform is that way .    This    Lemon   —    who ’s perhaps the dumbest person in    broadcasting    " ’ ’     A CNN spokesperson responded in a statement Thursday    afternoon , saying Trump’ ’s " comments are beneath the dignity of    the office of the president . " ’ ’’ "    The rant did n’t seem to bother Lemon   —    on Twitter , he    Lemon   and liked several articles with headlines    directly    him the Lemon   person in broadcasting . " "    Though CNN often faced criticism during the 2016 Republican    primary for saturating coverage of Trump ’s bid , the network has    been responsible for some of the most consequential reporting    about    ’s Trump to Russia . And some of its    anchors Trump —    including Cuomo and Lemon   —    have   on their programs . some of its   anchors  —   including Cuomo and Lemon  —    ’    Despite his former friendship    network president Jeff Zucker ,    Trump has frequently criticized CNN , which       and   his own comments Trump the network . ’ "    A representative for Colbert did n’t respond to a request for    comment . " ’For months , President Donald Trump Trump .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 