GOP frontrunner Donald Trump alleged the man who charged the stage during GOP frontrunner Donald Trump morning rally in Ohio on Saturday had connections to the Islamic State ( ISIS ) and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump detailed how the Secret Service stopped GOP frontrunner Donald Trump . [ " So today , we went to Cleveland second and they The crowd incredible , " Trump Donald Trump , telling supporters at his Donald Trump campaign rally in Kansas City , Missouri on Saturday about what happened earlier in the day . " But before Cleveland Cleveland we we in Dayton , Ohio . "   " The crowd was unbelievable , " Trump Donald Trump . " It was going along and all of a sudden the people in the front row start screaming , ‘ Be careful ! ’ " " I look back and there ’s a guy charging the stage , " the billionaire described . " He the billionaire on a bull rush ! " " I have to tell you folks , the Secret Service was unbelievable , " he the billionaire , giving them folks for stopping the man . " This guy jumps over a railing , " Trump said , saying that at first the the man was clapping " but then , " boom , he jumps Trump ! " " The Secret Service guys , he just Trump to the stage , and the Secret The Secret Service guys like Trump would n’t believe , " Trump explained Trump saying they took him out Trump The Secret Service guys man the man to make a rush at me . " " I was ready . I do n’t know if I would have done well , but I would have been out there fighting , " Trump charged . Trump I do n’t know if I would have done well , I would have done well , boom , boom , " Trump said , Trump gestures of punching . " He ’s got Trump be one very sore person . " " They bring him into a Trump The Secret Service guys they process him and the Trump The Secret Service guys him go , Trump Trump said of Trump man . " This was a guy that was looking to do harm . " " They found his name , Trump The Secret Service guys said of Trump staff . Trump It was probably ISIS or   . " " My people found this . They go online and they find the guy is playing My people sorts of music My people would n’t be liking , [ and ] dragging the American flag along the sidewalk , " he said of the man who was also " making the guy sorts of gestures . " " That should n’t be found out by one of my internet people . This guy should be in jail right now , " the guy . " He should be in jail , and the guy a judge to the guy him go is incredible . " NBC News reports the man the guy identified as     Thomas Dimassimo , who was the guy two misdemeanors . 
 