  ( CNN ) House Speaker Paul Ryan says House Speaker Paul Ryan has no interest in working with Democrats on getting health care legislation passed , disputing a suggestion by the White House to reach across the aisle and bypass conservative House Republicans . " I ’m trying to get a suggestion by the White House to reach across the aisle and bypass conservative House Republicans passed , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said on CBS ’s " This Morning . " " Nancy ( Pelosi ) and I see things very , very differently . I do n’t want government running health care . "   " I do n’t want that to happen . I want a    system , " House Speaker Paul Ryan added .   Earlier this week , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said President Donald Trump is " absolutely " willing to work with Democrats on a way forward on health care . " What I worry about , Norah ( O’Donnell ) is if we do n’t do this , then he Norah (O’Donnell) just go work with Democrats to try to change Obamacare     and that ’s hardly a conservative thing , " he Norah (O’Donnell) .   " If this Republican Congress allows the perfect to become the enemy of the good , I worry we ’ll push the President to working with Democrats . He Norah (O’Donnell) been suggesting that much . " The Wisconsin Republican said he Norah (O’Donnell) that Republicans can come together and figure out a solution to repealing the Affordable Care Act . " Plan B is we keep talking to each other and figure out how we we to yes , " he Norah (O’Donnell) .   Republican Sen. Bob Corker quickly pounced on Ryan ’s comments . " We have come a long way in our country when the speaker of one party urges a president NOT to work with the one party solve a problem , " the Norah (O’Donnell) . Ryan also said Ryan does not Ryan that Trump is under investigation for ties to Russia . Last week , FBI Director James Comey confirmed to Congress that the Department of Justice was looking into potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russian government Trump " I have no knowledge to that . I do not believe that ’s the case , " he said . " I FBI Director James Comey n’t speak for the FBI , but I FBI seen any suggestion or any evidence that that ’s the case . " 
 the case 