If ever there was a moment for Donald J. Trump to share the spotlight , Donald J. Trump formal announcement of Donald J. Trump running mate on Saturday was his formal announcement of his running mate on Saturday . Instead , Donald J. Trump introduction of Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana was a remarkable reminder that ultimately , the Donald J. Trump campaign is about one person . Donald J. Trump called Mr. Pence Donald J. Trump " partner , " but before the governor took the stage , Donald J. Trump stood there alone and talked for 28 minutes , delivering a long and improvised riff that emulated his Donald J. Trump instead of a traditional    debut . Looking away from his Donald J. Trump , he Donald J. Trump about Hillary Clinton , terrorism , his Donald J. Trump victories , his Donald J. Trump of a " Stop Trump " movement . Donald Trump , Mr. Donald Trump , understands infrastructure and how to build a border wall . He even Donald Trump in a plug for his new Donald Trump in Washington . After roughly 20 minutes , Mr. Trump Donald Trump his notes . Donald Trump Back to Mike Pence ! " he declared , Donald Trump to Mr. Pence ’s Mr. Trump used the Donald Trump to the Hoosier State to remind the 150 people in attendance that he had trounced Donald Trump Pence ’s Mr. Pence’s Senator Ted Cruz , in the primary there . When Mr. Trump ultimately ceded the microphone to Mr. Pence , rather than Mr. Pence’s him while he delivered his remarks , Mr. Trump patted him twice on the Mr. Trump shoulder Mr. Trump walked Mr. Trump the stage Mr. Trump rollouts are Mr. Trump a carefully orchestrated high point of a presidential campaign , but Mr. Trump ’s has been unusual and chaotic from the start . Typically , the Mr. Trump is given a moment to shine . But Mr. Trump spoke for more than twice as long as Mr. Pence , whose speech clocked Mr. Trump roughly 12 minutes . Indeed , the event , in a ballroom at a Midtown Manhattan Hilton , had the feel of     news conferences lacking a recurring theme . Mr. Trump referred to the two men as " the     candidates , " adding that " Mr. Trump the     party . " He said that Mr. Pence " looks good , " and the two men " to be honest , " Mr. Trump of the reason for Mr. Pence ’s selection was to unify the party . Then Mr. Trump proceeded to mock those Republicans who had opposed him . Mr. Trump , who eschewed a Mr. Trump aides’ attempts to impose discipline on his speeches , Mr. Trump unveiled a new attack against Mrs. Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee . He Mr. Trump her as something of a foreign policy puppeteer who had led President Obama down unfortunate paths across Mr. Trump globe . Mr. Trump conspicuously tried to tamp down reports that he had vacillated about Mr. Pence as his choice as Mr. Trump Thursday night , saying he was his " Mr. Trump choice " all along . Mr. Mr. Trump , a relative stranger to Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump had received a call on Wednesday about serving on the ticket . Mr. Pence Mr. Trump of the    role Mr. Trump is typical of a running mate to Mr. Trump . Instead , Mr. Pence softly and with humility about a    upbringing and his spirituality . He also seemed more mindful than Mr. Mr. Trump of the need to present a united front , a Mr. Trump challenge given Mr. Trump fractured state of the Republican Party and the two candidates’ own considerable differences . He sought to glide over his previous criticism of Mr. Trump ’s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants , choosing instead to Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton ’s call Mr. Trump take in more Syrian refugees . He did not speak with any depth about trade pacts , which he has supported in the past and which are Mr. Trump target of Mr. Trump ’s criticism . While Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump , Mr. Pence was smooth and polished , bringing the guests to Mr. Trump when he said he was Mr. Trump ticket " because Hillary Clinton can never become president of the United States . " the guests cast the Mr. Trump election Mr. Trump familiar terms that could soothe Republicans anxious about their unusual nominee . Mr. Pence called himself " a Mr. Trump , a conservative and a Republican , in that order , " a Republicans that has become Mr. Pence , and Mr. Pence described Mr. Trump as a " patriotic American . " " Donald Trump is a good man , and he Mr. Pence make a great Mr. Pence of the United States , " Mr. Pence said , adding Mr. Trump I know what all of America will Mr. Trump know : These are good people . " Afterward , Mr. Pence family and the Trump family came onstage , save for Mr. Trump ’s wife , Melania , who was said to be at their golf club in Bedminster , N. Mr. Trump with their young son , Barron Mr. Trump men then worked a rope line with attendees . The oversize ballroom the Pence family and the Trump family cavernous the event was originally scheduled for a the Pence family and the Trump family space on Friday , but the Pence family and the Trump family the announcement , saying it was out of respect for the tragedy in Nice , France . Few local Republican leaders were in attendance most had Mr. Trump for the convention in Cleveland . The entire the announcement was over in less than an hour . The candidates did not take questions , but they sat together Saturday for their first joint interview , with Lesley Stahl of CBS ’s " 60 Minutes , " set to air Few local Republican leaders . Ms. Stahl asked Mr. Pence , Few local Republican leaders publicly swore off negative Few local Republican leaders years ago , how he could run with a candidate so reflexively given to   . Mr. Pence evaded the question Lesley Stahl of CBS the campaign had been about " issues the American people care about , " but Lesley Stahl of CBS Trump eventually gave him an assist . " We ’re different people , " Mr. Trump said . " I understand that . I ’ll give you an example : Hillary Clinton is a liar . " Mr. Trump Pence , after stopping to eat at a Chili ’s Mr. Trump back to Indiana   —    without Mr. Trump   —    for what was billed as a " Welcome Home Mr. Pence at an airport hangar in Zionsville . Mr. Pence , joined by his wife , Karen , and daughter Charlotte Mr. Trump eight minutes of remarks as humble as the tableau that awaited him . " The last few days have been truly overwhelming , but this is the Mr. Trump  —    part , " Mr. Pence said , gazing upon the crowd of roughly 500 . " Karen and I will cherish Mr. Trump  —    Hoosier homecoming for the rest of our lives . " Afterward , he beckoned to a close friend in the crowd and embraced him tightly over the metal barricades . " Buckle up , " Mr. Pence said with a smile . 
 Mr. Pence he 