Philadelphia ( CNN ) Vice President Joe Biden rejected Donald Trump ’s TV       " you ’re fired ! "     with a line of his own during a furious tirade against the billionaire Republican nominee Wednesday . " the billionaire Republican nominee lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in a phrase I suspect the billionaire Republican nominee ’s most proud of having made famous , ’you’re fired,’ " Vice President Joe Biden said in a speech that repeatedly brought delegates at the Democratic National Convention out of delegates seats .   " How can there be pleasure in saying ’you’re fired?’ the billionaire Republican nominee ’s trying to tell us the billionaire Republican nominee cares about the Middle Class ? Give me a break ! " Vice President Joe Biden explained before offering Vice President Joe Biden own    tagline : " That ’s a bunch of malarkey ! " " This guy does n’t have a clue about the Middle Class . Not a clue . He has This guy clue about what makes America Great . Actually he has This guy clue . Period , " Vice President Joe Biden said , inciting chants of " Not a Clue ! Not a Clue ! " Vice President Joe Biden speech is likely to be the final major political address of his Vice President Joe Biden , and he Vice President Joe Biden it to also Biden’s speech a strong endorsement of Hillary Clinton . " Everybody knows she is smart Hillary Clinton Everybody knows she is tough Hillary Clinton But I know what she is passionate Hillary Clinton , " Biden Vice President Joe Biden . " I know Hillary . Hillary Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton gets it Hillary Clinton " Entering the hall to the theme from " Rocky " and a prolonged standing ovation , he Vice President Joe Biden President Barack Obama as " the embodiment of honor , resolve and character , one of the finest presidents we have ever had . " Flatly rejecting Trump ’s views both on foreign policy and the economy , Biden scorched the GOP candidate as the most unprepared nominee ever , and suggested he could put Biden less than the international order at risk .   " The times are too uncertain to elect Donald Trump as President of the United States , " Biden said . Biden No major party nominee in the history of this nation has the United States less or has been less prepared to deal with our national security . " The remarks came hours after Trump raised alarms Donald Trump foreign policy circles for his overtures to Donald Trump President Vladimir Putin . " We can not elect a man who belittles our closest allies while We dictators like Vladimir Putin , " Russian President Vladimir Putin . " A man who confuses bluster with strength , we simply can not let that happen as Americans . Period . " Like Obama , Biden is predicted to have Biden regular campaign presence leading up to November ’s vote .   " I ’m going to be living in Pennsylvania and Ohio and Michigan " leading up to the election , he said on MSNBC Wednesday     all states where his blue collar appeal would he . That tour is set to begin August 15 , when Biden campaigns alongside Clinton in Biden hometown of Scranton , Biden . Biden acknowledged his final convention Biden as Biden elected official was a bittersweet moment , coming only a year after the loss of his eldest son , Beau Biden Noting his son had placed his his eldest son, Beau nomination during the his eldest son, Beau and 2012 conventions , Biden said he had gathered Biden from Biden family and supporters , Biden the President and first lady . " I ’ve been made strong at the broken places , " he said , quoting Ernest Biden . Biden said he ’d joked Biden Obama Biden were all speaking in the shadow of First Lady Michelle Obama ’s remarks on Monday . " I do n’t know where you are , kid , but you are incredible , " Biden told Mrs. Obama , Biden was watching Wednesday ’s convention proceedings from her mother ’s house in Chicago kid 
 