Washington ( CNN ) Capitol Hill was abuzz this week as the first of    Donald Trump ’s Cabinet nominees went through a gauntlet of confirmation hearings . While Cabinet nominees are mostly on track to be confirmed in the Senate , where the Republicans have a    edge , there were some moments that stood out .   From nominees diverging with   Donald Trump to senators seeking assurances that   Donald Trump Cabinet would check his impulses Trump’s Cabinet Democrats pulling out all the stops in mostly futile efforts to derail them , Democrats are some of the top moments from the week ’s hearings .   Tillerson does n’t win over skeptics , After this week the week’s nominee in the most jeopardy of failing to secure confirmation is Trump ’s choice for secretary of state , former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson .   A handful of Republican senators , including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , say they have not A handful of Republican senators, including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham up their minds on A handful of Republican senators, including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham him after an    rocky confirmation hearing .    Rubio was Tillerson ’s toughest interlocutor , grilling him on a him of questions about human rights and expressing displeasure when the businessman refused Rubio the behavior of Russia , China , Saudi Arabia and the Philippines . Rubio alone could hold Rubio ’s confirmation , as he is part of a Rubio majority of Republicans the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , though the Senate could technically hold a vote even if Tillerson stalls in committee .    The former Trump rival stressed Rubio moral clarity " in US foreign policy and was unsatisfied with Tillerson ’s answers . " When the world Tillerson that " the United States is not prepared to stand up and say , yes , Vladimir Putin is a war criminal , Saudi Arabia violates human rights , it demoralizes these people all over the world Saudi Arabia " he said . Tillerson the world hearing , In Vladimir Putin exchange Tillerson set off senators , Tillerson said a conversation with Trump about Russia Tillerson has not yet occurred , " saying they ’ve only discussed world affairs in general terms .   But he took steps in his opening remarks to strike Vladimir Putin overall tougher line Vladimir Putin Moscow than Trump has to date     an important step given Trump concern upon his nomination about his friendship and business relationship with Vladimir Putin .   Vladimir Putin Russia must know that we will be accountable to our commitments and those of our allies , and we Russia must be held we account for its actions TIllerson tough questioning on Exxon ’s lobbying against Iran sanctions .   " I have TIllerson lobbied against sanctions , personally , " Tillerson said . " To my knowledge , Exxon never directly lobbied against sanctions . Not to TIllerson knowledge . " But committee Chairman Bob Exxon said he recalled Tillerson calling him to lobby on the bill , and New Jersey Democrat Bob Menendez committee Chairman Bob Corker documents TIllerson millions committee Chairman Bob Corker Exxon lobbying spending into the hearing .   " There was lobbying here , " Menendez told Exxon . " It ’s a little amazing that you do n’t know Exxon was New Jersey Democrat Bob Menendez on committee Chairman Bob Corker issues . " Kelly diverges from Trump , In another example of Exxon ’s nominees diverging from his past stated policies , his pick to head the Department of Trump showed daylight between him Trump Trump on some key Trump of the   ’s agenda .    Retired Gen. John Kelly Trump by Trump laws against the use of waterboarding and other forms of Kelly efficacy of monitoring Muslims as a group in counterterrorism efforts and     perhaps most significantly     downplayed the importance of a physical border wall .     " A physical barrier in and of itself will not do the job . It has to be a layered defense , " Kelly said , advocating the importance of partnerships with Latin American countries itself combat drug and human trafficking . Of Kelly his campaign promises , Trump ’s mantra to " build the wall " has been his most enduring and least equivocal , and he has repeatedly stressed it would be a physical wall paid for by his .   Kelly splits from Trump in his hearing , Trump has also called for bringing back waterboarding despite US law contravening Kelly use and at Trump point called for a Trump prevention of foreign Muslims from entering the United States , a Trump that changed over time and evolved at one point to monitoring Muslims , then became a plan to have higher scrutiny on foreigners from unspecified countries with high terror activity . " I do n’t think we should ever come close to crossing a line that is beyond what we as Americans would expect to follow in terms of interrogation techniques , " Kelly explained as part of his answer we waterboarding and torture .   Kelly agreed with questioning from Michigan Democratic Sen. Gary Peters that conducting surveillance Kelly US mosques and creating a database of Kelly in the US raised constitutional issues . " I do n’t think it ’s ever appropriate to focus on something like religion as the only factor ( in counterterrorism ) , " Kelly said . " I do n’t agree with registering people based on ethnic or religion . " Carson asked about Kelly , Trump ’s potential conflicts of interest as President were the subject of the biggest flashpoint in the hearing of retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson to direct the Department of Housing and Urban Development .   Massachusetts Democrat Sen. Elizabeth Warren , one of her party ’s most vocal progressive advocates , pressed Carson on whether any of HUD ’s budget could benefit Trump or Carson company financially , asking him to rule it Ben Carson .   " It will not be my intention to do Trump to benefit any American Trump " Carson said , getting a bit it . " It ’s for all Americans , everything that we do . " Ben Carson faces questioning over qualifications , policy , Warren asked if that meant Trump could still stand to benefit from HUD Ben Carson .   " You can take it to mean that I will manage things in a way that benefits the American people , " Carson said , saying he would n’t pass up a good deal for Americans just because a small portion might benefit Ben Carson particular entity . Ben Carson Democrats have repeatedly blasted Trump ’s decision to not place his assets in a blind trust or divest from his companies , as ethics experts Trump be necessary to truly limit Trump conflicts of interest from his many global financial Trump . Trump laid out a plan this week of ceding control of his business to his sons Trump failed to satisfy his ardent Trump .   Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown took up his fellow Trump ’s cause Trump asking Carson to commit to Trump to the committee " on any issue that should arise Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown a property owned by Mr. Trump and his family , and any contact your subordinates receive from the Trump organization or the White House or any other source other Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown normal back and forth between a project and its oversight officials . " " I would be more than delighted to discuss those , " Carson said , promising to the White House with the committee to set up a process to do so .   Mattis earns senators’ esteem , with caveats , The nominee the committee defense secretary , retired Marine Gen. James Mattis , earned bipartisan praise before the Senate Armed Services Committee during his hearing on Thursday .   He earned early points with the Russia hawks on the committee the committee talking tough on Putin . Mattis " I ’ve watched three Mattis commit themselves to new relationships with Vladimir Putin the committee three have been an abysmal failure , " committee Chairman John McCain said , asking Mattis what he would three presidents . Mattis agreed , Putin had low expectations for cooperation with Russia and continuing to emphasize the point to the top Democrat on the committee Mattis Sen. Jack Reed Mattis   Mattis emerges Mattis hearing with support , " Russia ’m all for engagement , but we also have to recognize reality and what Russia is up to , " Mattis said . Russia There ’s a decreasing number of areas where we can engage cooperatively and an increasing number of areas where we ’re going to have to Mattis Russia . " The topic of NATO was also Russia by multiple senators . On the campaign trail , Trump indicated he may reconsider aspects of the US alliance with NATO , alarming lawmakers on both sides of the aisle . Trump , Trump former supreme allied commander of NATO , voiced unequivocal support for the alliance and said NATO had said as much to Trump . " NATO , from my perspective . .. is the most NATO military alliance Trump in modern the US alliance with NATO , Trump ever , " Mattis said . " I have NATO discussions with him on this issue . He has shown himself open , even to the point of asking more questions and Mattis deeper into the issue about why I feel Mattis strongly . " But Mattis did face Mattis questioning about his position on women in all combat positions and gays serving openly in the military , policies now in place he had spoken Mattis in the past . Mattis Mattis that he is not looking to make changes to DoD policy , but never ruled out rolling back the Mattis if it affected military readiness in his Mattis .   Mattis casts himself as law enforcer   One of Democrats’ top targets , Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , emerged from his confirmation hearings largely unscathed Mattis facing tough questions about his Mattis and saying that as attorney general , he would eschew the more partisan posture he has taken Mattis a policymaker .   On question after question from Mattis about    issues , Sessions emphasized that his Mattis in the Department of Justice would Mattis to enforce the law , not change it .   On the topic of prosecuting Hillary Clinton , a theme Mattis Trump ’s campaign that he backed off after the election , Sessions pledged to recuse himself the law citing potentially inflammatory comments he Trump on the topic on the campaign trail .   Sessions defends self on race , pledges to uphold law , " I he that would be best for he country because we can the campaign trail political dispute turn into a Sessions dispute , " Sessions said . He also denied participating in the " lock her up " chants during the campaign heard at Trump rallies . Despite past strong objections to court decisions legalizing abortion Sessions    marriage he beliefs he still said he holds Trump Sessions declared both Roe v. Wade and    marriage decisions settled .   " It is the law of the land , it has been settled he some time he . .. I will respect it and follow it , " Sessions said of Roe . Sessions vs. the CBC , One of the It dramatic moments in any confirmation hearing came when the nominee was n’t It in the It . Sessions’ Sessions stretched into Roe second day , where witnesses testified about his record on race . The issue was a focal point throughout his hearings , after he failed to be confirmed for a federal judgeship in 1986 over concerns about    comments the nominee had made and prosecutorial decisions he made     though Republicans repeatedly the nominee as a victim the nominee character assassination .   " I deeply understand the history of civil rights and the the nominee impact that relentless and systemic the nominee and the denial of voting rights the nominee had on our    brothers and sisters , " Sessions said . " I have witnessed it . We must continue to move forward and never back . I understand the demands for justice and fairness made by our LGBT community . Sessions will ensure that the statutes protecting their civil our and their safety are full enforced . I understand the lifelong scars born by women who are victims of assault and abuse . " In the second day of testimony , New Jersey Sen. their Booker , civil rights legend Georgia Rep. John Lewis and Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Rep. Cedric Richmond received permission to be part of a special panel alongside    supporters Booker Booker gave an impassioned plea Lewis against a fellow sitting senator in confirmation proceedings for a Cabinet position .   " The arc of the moral universe does not just naturally curve toward justice , we must bend it Booker " Booker said . " America needs an attorney general who is resolute and determined to bend the arc . Sen. Sessions record does not speak to that desire , intention or will . " Lewis also spoke movingly about his own history fighting with his life for equality , criticizing Sessions .   Booker It does n’t matter how Sen. Sessions may smile , how friendly he may be , how he may speak to you , but we need someone who ’s going to stand up , speak up and speak out for the people who need help , for people who have been discriminated Lewis , " Lewis said Lewis And Richmond slammed the committee chairman for scheduling the members of Congress last out of all the witnesses .   " Sen. Sessions have a senator , Sen. Sessions House member and a living civil rights legend testify at the end of all of this is the equivalent of being made to go to the back of the bus , " Richmond said . But Sessions Lewis received emphatic support from three    who had worked with him throughout his career , including his former staffer on the Judiciary Committee , William Smith . " After 20 years of knowing Sen. Sessions , I have not seen the slightest evidence of racism because it does not exist , " Smith said . " I know a racist when Richmond see one , and I have seen more than one . Sen. Sessions is not one . him 
 Sen. Sessions him William Smith 