Former Rand Paul staffer Jack Hunter ran a lengthy piece in the Daily Beast this week , criticizing me for    an explainer on the    that was n’t , as every other journalist ’s attempt to chronicle the movement has been , a pointless collection of     . [ I do n’t normally respond when a    outlet cries " racist , " of course . That ’s what they exist to do . But Hunter ’s odd mixture of    and playing to the progressive gallery caught my eye . I ’m intrigued by the bizarre tone of the hit job   —    at once slavishly admiring and superficially damning .   Milo Yiannopoulos is awesome . The    is not : https :   .   via @thedailybeast ,   —    Jack Hunter ( @jackhunter74 ) May 5 , 2016 ,   In the piece , Hunter writes that Hunter is " disturbed " by an auditorium full of energetic , mischievous students at one of my events chanting , " Cuck ! " Hunter headline and subhead also accuse me   —    somewhat laughably   —    of being the " face " of a racist hate movement . His headline and subhead ’s probably the first time that a face that ’s enjoyed such close relations with America ’s black population has been labelled a racist anything . Trust me ,    hardliners do n’t like me any more than hardliners like the Republican establishment or Hillary : I ’m a degenerate ,    gay Jew , and they do n’t let me forget it ! That is to say , I ’m a chronicler of , and occasional fellow traveller with , the   . But I ’m certainly no ringleader . Although Hunter ’s piece is gracious in tone , Hunter’s piece ’s still an attempted takedown . And even though Hunter sucks my metaphorical member enthusiastically throughout , and was full of effusive praise on Twitter   —    Hunter ’s understandably jumpy about me coming for Hunter   —    I believe that a cursory examination of the editorial , and the editorial author , will prove instructive . I was n’t familiar with Hunter before reading the piece , of course , but after doing a little research into his Hunter , Hunter Hunter have become painfully obvious . The career of Jack Hunter Hunter with the ultimate cautionary tale for robust young    who get caught saying stuff their friends in the media do n’t like , and then dedicate the rest of their lives to their and scraping to political correctness in a panicky and desperate attempt to retain social acceptability . Hunter , you Hunter , has a past . He attracted scandal Hunter and was expelled from his position as Hunter aide to Senator Rand Paul , after his background as Hunter radio host " The Southern Avenger " came to light in 2013 . As The Southern Avenger The Southern Avenger a Hunter mask in the colours of the Confederate Flag and cracked jokes about tying the President of the NAACP to a tree and whipping him . It also emerged the President of the NAACP he was a chairman in the President of the NAACP League of the South , a    group . Since the scandal , Hunter has been Hunter to distance himself from his Hunter life Hunter His initial response Hunter the drama was to write a lengthy confessional for Politico , in which he recanted and Hunter for his previous opinions Hunter He now insists Hunter he ’s a Hunter man . Our Jack is repenting for past sins , in other words , and using me as the vessel . Do n’t get me wrong . I feel for the guy . No one should have to undergo ritual public humiliation   —    except feminists , cyclists and vapers   —    and the destruction of someone ’s career because they said a few stupid things when they were younger gives me they pleasure . That ’s why I defended the odious Bahar Musta when she was being investigated for Bahar Musta " hate speech " against white males . So I ’m not going to be mad at Hunter for coming after me and the   . ’m livelihood is now tied Hunter the political establishment , and there ’s little he can do but act Hunter its penitent attack dog , His livelihood where possible for past indiscretions . Nevertheless , we must face facts . In his efforts to save himself Hunter Hunter has become Hunter cuck Hunter He ’s writing      for Hunter magazines and    at conservative commentators and groups that are far more effective at fighting the left than he will ever be . Hunter results can be unintentionally comic : witness a guy who claims to be speaking to conservatives and libertarians taking to the pages of the liberal Daily Beast to advertise his own moral virtue . Hunter , hilariously , the subjects of his recent work , which Hunter an excoriation of Donald Trump ’s " culture of violence , " a peculiar    about transsexuals and political correctness , repeated feminist    and the headline " Bernie ’s right . " To say nothing of : Excuse me while I puke . There appear to be no lengths , however excruciatingly cringeworthy , to which Hunter will not now go to pacify his    overlords . Others Hunter starting to notice , too   …      If I ’m ever reduced to calling people " racists " on    sites to establish my " " street cred , shoot me . @Nero ,   —    Tom Woods ( @ThomasEWoods ) May 5 , 2016 ,   " The    has become impossible to ignore , " writes Hunter . " Because it Hunter racist . I ’ve never met Milo Yiannopoulos and am not really that concerned with whether he ’s a racist or Milo Yiannopoulos . Such accusations are what the left does ad nauseam and part of what Yiannopoulos rightly fights against   Milo Yiannopoulos      But I do think he flirts with racism . Milo Yiannopoulos It ’s an extraordinary accusation . My    explainer , if Hunter had bothered to read Hunter , clearly differentiated between My   explainer hateful and    components of the    movement . Given what I ’ve since learned about Hunter ’s own past , Hunter can say is this : if I ’m guilty of flirting with racism , he has been    it in Hunter back of a    truck all summer . Hunter previously supported the assassination of Hunter Lincoln , acted as chairman of the " League of the South " and argued that America needed to take action in order to protect the white race . As late as 2010 , Hunter was praising    icon Samuel Hunter . So you see , Hunter blasts the    for its Hunter not so much because Hunter ’s the truth , but Hunter it was once his truth . And by the Hunter , his Southern Avenger alter ego was Hunter quite a youthful indiscretion . The guy is 42 this month . He was saying this stuff in The guy thirties . As the cultural The guy commentator Carl Benjamin has argued , " whenever an ideologue makes a character judgement about someone they are debating with , that character judgement is usually true about themselves . " I ’m not they to endorse or agree with Jack Hunter ’s past . I do not   —    although had the scandal occurred a little later , I would certainly have defended The Southern Avenger ’s right to hold his opinions without the fear of The Southern Avenger’s ruin , just like I defended feminist Bahar Mustafa ’s . But it ’s too late for that . After being dragged through the establishment ’s public shaming machine , Jack Hunter lost his ability to Jack Hunter’s mind . Jack Hunter’s called " troll Jack Hunter’s remorse " is rarely the mark of a genuinely changed man . A writer with intellectual integrity would have fully acknowledged his past statements on race in a A writer with intellectual integrity about me and the   . Disclosures ought to have been suggested by his editors at the Beast , too A writer with intellectual integrity Hunter ’s oddly purple prose is instead Jack Hunter’s sycophantic behaviour of a provocateur who ’s been exposed , beaten and then bullied into conformity . These men of    are neither embraced by the original communities that harboured them , nor accepted by the new These men of    they surrender to . Instead , they These men of    paraded in front of the These men of    , like a captured foe at a Roman Triumph , before , at best , being quietly forgotten . I come not to bury Jack Hunter , for clearly he ’s Jack Hunter’s feet under . Nor Jack Hunter’s I here to suggest that his original ideas and persona had any particular Jack Hunter’s or appeal to me . Rather , I ’m here to explain why his current ideas are n’t worth serious consideration Jack Hunter’s and to warn future " Southern Avengers " against following his example . Because while it may be Jack Hunter’s to admit you got it wrong , that ’s not the same it prostrating yourself before the powers that be in a desperate attempt to curry favour with your oppressors , in defiance of the facts and your conscience . That ’s cuckery . However wrong you may be , it does n’t make the establishment ’s tyranny That’s cuckery public discourse right . I ’ve written at length about this particular journalist because I find the psychological mechanisms of ideological cuckoldry so compelling . A friend remarked to me this morning that you could analyse Hunter A friend late cucked phase as a sort of political Stockholm syndrome . That feels accurate to me . One hit piece by the Free A friend was enough to send Hunter into a tailspin . He Hunter all his previous ideas Hunter overnight . Hunter on the street is that he begged former editors to take Hunter old pieces down . And Hunter he ’s working feverishly to please Hunter who hate him . Remarkable stuff . Jack Hunter is a warning . Hunter stupid things that lost him Hunter job with Rand Paul . Hunter he ’s grown up a bit , Hunter ’s trying to mend these broken Hunter by burning new ones   —    and it ’s failing as miserably as it deserves to . There is no path to it once you ’ve fallen foul of the politically correct consensus . The only effective approach is to double down instead of backing down and show them that you are not afraid . But that instead of course , takes courage . And intellectual integrity . Be based , or cuck out   —    the choice is yours . In this case , I ’d rather be the subject of the Daily Beast ’s article the liberal Daily Beast and all , than its terminally cucked author . Aside from all the liberal Daily Beast biographical stuff , Hunter ’s thesis is plainly absurd on its face , Hunter it . In the past , racism was Hunter’s thesis in the US . Hunter’s thesis admitted it . Now , Hunter would like us to believe that the face Hunter’s thesis American Hunter admits to having tons of gay sex with blacks   …      or something . Incidentally , on Facebook , when sharing his op ed , Hunter wrote : " My original title Hunter ‘ Milo Yiannopoulos Hunter awesome . The    is not.’ I like Milo Yiannopoulos what Milo does . He ’s really cool . " Pretty faggy , brah . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos Milo @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new Facebook when they are published . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Android users to Milo at milo@breitbart Milo com . 
 Milo 