  ( CNN ) The Moore family knew The Moore family would be having a mystery guest over for dinner but , still , The Moore family were surprised when Mark Zuckerberg walked through the door .   Zuckerberg , the    and CEO of Facebook , surprised The Moore family at its Zuckerberg Falls , Ohio , home as part of his Mark Zuckerberg tour of the United States .   Daniel Moore said members of Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg staff reached out to him Daniel Moore see whether he Daniel Moore to host a mystery dinner guest , but kept Zuckerberg Zuckerberg’s a secret until just before he Daniel Moore .   So why would the founder of one of the world ’s most important companies visit a random family in Ohio ? Partially politics . Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg been looking for Democrats who voted for President Donald Trump about Daniel Moore online . Moore told the Youngstown Vindicator that he Daniel Moore for former President Barack Obama Daniel Moore 2008 and 2012 , but campaigned heavily for Trump . The family ’s conversation with Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg the politics of the swing state , working with orphanages and future plans for the community . " The more he talked , the more I liked Daniel Moore and was The by him , Daniel Moore Moore told CNN affiliate Daniel Moore . Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg in a Facebook post , thanked the family for hosting him Mark Zuckerberg Moore The family Mark Zuckerberg a Facebook post of Moore own . " If Facebook could all Moore aside our differences and come together , dedicate ourselves we a common purpose of making the we more open and connected , achieve this purpose in an ethical manner , include talented individuals of diverse backgrounds and walks of life , empower all those with a desire to get involved , and implement an efficient process to ensure that our common purpose is completed , our nation we world would not be so polarized , " Moore wrote . In January , Zuckerberg announced his goal for 2017 is to visit and Zuckerberg with people in all 50 states to find out how people are " living , working and thinking about the future . " He can now check Ohio off the list Zuckerberg   Earlier on the day he visited the Moores , Zuckerberg spoke with Zuckerberg students at the University Zuckerberg    to discuss community , education , faith and entrepreneurship . 
 