’   ’ ’    Former    US attorney Preet Bharara on Sunday described    several unusual interactions Former   US attorney Preet Bharara had with President Donald Trump    following the 2016 election . ’ ’    In an " Bharara said President Donald Trump    called    Bharara during the presidential transition " just to shoot the    breeze , " and described the calls as " a little bit uncomfortable "    considering the US attorney’ ’s mandate to remain impartial toward    subjects within    jurisdiction , which included President Donald Trump    . ’ ’    Bharara , who earned a reputation as the " Sheriff of Wall Street , "    said Bharara, who earned a reputation as the "Sheriff of Wall Street,"    suspected the president attempted to forge a relationship    between the two men . ’ ’    Bharara compared his interactions Bharara those former FBI Director    James Comey said he had those former FBI Director   James Comey his   those former FBI Director   James Comey which Trump attempted to    forge a closer bond between himself and Bharara , who was    investigating members of the Trump campaign Trump the time . ’ ’    " They’’re unusual phone calls and it sort of   —    when I’’ve been    reading the stories of how the president has been contacting Jim    Comey over time , felt a little bit like deja vu , " Bharara said . ’ ’    The former US attorney for the Southern District of New York also    said   the day before   but Bharara said Bharara felt Bharara that    would be inappropriate to return the call , and reported    to    attorney general’ ’s office that Trump was " trying to    cultivate    kind of relationship . " ’ ’    Bharara explained Bharara he and Bharara other US attorneys sought to    have " some kind of arm’ ’s length relationship " with the president    in order to stay impartial in the event they investigated he and the other US attorneys interests related to Trump . Bharara also Bharara out that during    his presidency Bharara President Barack Obama never called him . Bharara ’    " I’’m not saying that he was I’’m to ask me about a case ,    although    was some evidence in the record now that after a    period    time , given the Jim Comey testimony , there’ ’s some    evidence    Donald Trump didn’’t think anything of asking a high    level law enforcement official to take a particular action that    he wanted a high   level law enforcement official himself on a high   level law enforcement official criminal case , " Bharara said . ’ "    He pointed a high   level law enforcement official that Trump frequently Donald Trump former President    Bill Clinton for   at an    airport last year , which raised questions about Lynch ’s ability    to remain impartial in investigating Hillary Clinton ’s use of a    private email server : " "    Trump ’s Donald Trump to fire Bharara earlier this year raised    eyebrows    as many critics pointed out that Trump . Donald Trump was Bharara     at the time he    Bharara ,   Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price ’s    stock trades    " ’ ’ ’ ’t’t’tWATCH : In 7 . 5 years   never received a phone call from Pres Obama .   He received 3 Bharara Trump in Donald Trump month .   ’ ’Former    US attorney Preet Bharara . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 