Washington ( CNN ) Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates on Monday defended Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates decision earlier this year not to enforce President Donald Trump ’s first ban on travel from several    nations , calling the order " unlawful . " " All arguments have to be based on truth , " Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates said during testimony before a Senate panel . " We ’re not just a law firm . We ’re the Department of Justice . " In response to questions from two Texas Republicans at a Senate subcommittee hearing , Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates painted a picture of a White House that kept the the Department of Justice of the loop ahead of the executive order ’s release . Sen. John Cornyn said her actions with regard Sen. John Cornyn the executive order were the executive order’s " and accused her of undermining the powers of Sen. John Cornyn President because she disagreed with Trump ’s order Sen. John Cornyn as a policy matter . " Yates told Cornyn that her actions were not Sen. John Cornyn " Sen. John Cornyn as a policy matter " and cited her confirmation hearing , where she Sen. John Cornyn asked about enforcing actions Sen. John Cornyn viewed as against the law Sen. John Cornyn " I made a determination that I believed that it was unlawful , " Yates said . " I also Yates that it was inconsistent with the principles of the Department of Justice , and I said ’no.’ And that ’s what I promised you I would do , and that ’s what I did . "   Later on in the hearing , Yates and Sen. Ted Cruz got Yates a     over her disagreement with a decision by Sen. Ted Cruz department ’s Office of Legal the Department of Justice the order .   RELATED : Trump administration defends travel ban in appeals court , Yates said that although the office Yates the order was lawful , the department’s Office of Legal Counsel ’s focus the order narrow " and the department’s Office of Legal Counsel factors that she said undermined the legality of Yates order . " In this particular instance , particularly where the order talking about a fundamental issue of religious freedom     not the interpretation of some arcane statute , but religious freedom     it was appropriate for us to look at the intent behind the President ’s actions , " Yates said . Cruz asked , " In the over 200 years of the Department of Justice history , are you aware of any instance in which the Department of Justice has formally approved the legality of a policy the Department of Justice later the attorney general has directed the department not to follow that policy and to defy that policy ? " " the Department of Justice not , " Yates a policy " But I ’m a policy aware of a Yates where the office of legal counsel was advised not to tell the attorney general about it until after it was over . " " I would note that might the attorney general if there ’s the office of legal counsel to suspect partisanship , " Cruz said .   On CNN ’s " Erin Burnett OutFront , " Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse criticized Cruz for his comments alleging that Yates was motivated by partisanship . " I think it ’s not only wrong Cruz " Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse said . " Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse think it ’s really low . This is a woman who has worked in the Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse of Justice under Republican and it administrations without blemish for 27 years . "   In an exchange with Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar , Yates said she did not know about the travel ban before it was issued . " I learned about this Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse media Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , " Yates said . During his campaign the travel ban Trump called for " a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse States until our Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ’s representatives can figure out what is going on . " Although the White House has denied Trump ’s two attempts to issue travel bans were in fact Muslim bans , many have pointed to his campaign Trump to argue the orders were just that . Shortly after Trump issued his first travel ban , Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse directed the Justice Department not to enforce it . Trump promptly fired Trump and Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse US Attorney Dana Boente to take her place until the Senate confirmed the Justice Department Sessions Trump be attorney Trump . Yates was an Obama appointee whom Trump Trump to stay on as the temporary head of the Justice Department . Yates also emerged as a major Trump in the controversy surrounding retired Gen. Michael Flynn ’s the Justice Department national Yates adviser , and appeared before the subcommittee on Monday to testify about alleged Russian attempts to interfere in the 2016 election . RELATED : The many paths from Trump to Russia 
 Trump 