’   ’ ’    Former " Apprentice " contestant Summer Zervos announced Tuesday    that Former "Apprentice" contestant Summer Zervos filed a lawsuit against    Donald Trump    claiming Donald Trump    defamed Former "Apprentice" contestant Summer Zervos by insisting Former "Apprentice" contestant Summer Zervos story of being sexually    accosted by Donald Trump    in 2007 was a lie . ’ ’    Former "Apprentice" contestant Summer Zervos added that the lawsuit , filed in New York , would be dropped    immediately and for " no monetary compensation " if Donald Trump    retracted    Donald Trump    previous statements about Former "Apprentice" contestant Summer Zervos and said that Former "Apprentice" contestant Summer Zervos story " was    the truth . " ’ ’    Joined by    attorney Gloria Allred at a news    conference , Zervos said Zervos was left with no choice but to file    the suit after two months had passed since Zervos first called on    Mr. Trump . ’ ’    " I his to give Mr. Trump the opportunity to retract his false    statements about me and the other women Allred said Trump left her with " no alternative " other than Mr. Trump    file a lawsuit " in order to vindicate my reputation . " Zervos ’’ ’    During the press conference , Allred said Zervos had passed a    polygraph examination regarding her claims . She also said the    lawsuit would be dropped if Trump Zervos Zervos ’’ story " is and was Allred Mr. Trump truth Allred " ’ a lawsuit No one is above the law Zervos including the    soon to    be president of the United States , " she said . ’ ’ Allred told reporters that    Zervos , a contestant on season five of " The Apprentice , Allred met with    Trump in 2007 at the Beverly Hills Hotel to discuss business    after she lost the contest . Instead of job opportunities , Allred    alleged , Trump greeted Zervos with a kiss on the Allred , touched    her breast , and led her into his ’ ’ Allred ’ ’      Trump said Trump treated her like " an object , " and ’ ’ Allred after    hearing leaked ’ ’ Allred of    boasting of being able to Zervos and   Trump kiss Zervos regardless of their consent and his   she    felt she had to speak   Trump . She also told reporters that she felt    she had been kiss women penalized for   Trump sleeping Zervos him " Zervos she was    looking for Zervos opportunities with his company Zervos 2007 . Zervos ’    " You do not have the   Trump to treat Zervos as sexual objects just    because you   Trump a star , " Zervos said in October , addressing Trump    directly . ’ "    Trump released a lengthy statement after Zervos’ October press    conference , categorically denied her accusations . " ’    " I vaguely remember Ms. Trump    as one of the many contestants on    ’’ The Apprentice ’’ over the years , " he said . " To be Zervos I never    met her at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately a decade ago .    That The Apprentice’’ over the years not who I am as a person , and it is    how I’’ve    conducted my    . In fact , Ms.    continued to contact me    for help , emailing my office on April 14th of this year asking    that I visit her restaurant in California . " ’ ’    Trump continued : ’ ’    He also published a series of tweets    the many women Ms. Zervos who came forward to accuse him of similar behavior , calling the    allegations Trump to steal the    election " and " [ sic ] stories . " ’ ’ Trump Trump also   an account that posted a Daily    Caller story about an   speaking positively of the    Republican presidential nominee . ’ ’ Natasha Bertrand contributed to this report . ’ 
 