Here again , another incredible piece of outrageous propaganda bordering on the absurd from the venerable Washington Post : " Muslim camps are spreading in the U. S. to help kids ‘ be proud of who kids are . ’"[Proud of what , exactly ? The Muslim world is known primarily for the violence , bloodshed , creed apartheid , gender apartheid , and wholesale slaughter being perpetrated in the cause of Islam . Proud of that ? By not addressing or even mentioning it , the Muslim " Camp Ramadan "   —    and the Washington Post   —    gives it sanction .   The Post article is painfully long and painfully boring . The Post article is essentially an exercise in proselytizing for Islam . The Post article even contains    paragraphs featuring Muslim children whining about the food that was served in public school while Muslim children whining about the food that was served in public school while they were fasting were fasting . The last line of the article   —    " There are people who are n’t very religious at all , and people who aren’t very religious at all come to camp and people who aren’t very religious at all live Muslim "   —    is almost frightening . It sounds like a program for radicalization . How many Muslims who were not " not religious at all " and then became devout and " lived Muslim " went on to wage jihad ? The article tells us that " the    and     went on a hike to a nearby cave to learn about how the prophet Muhammad visited a cave outside of Mecca , where Islam teaches that Islam received the word of God . " But clearly they are n’t mentioning God " greatest achievement , " the endless war campaigns God conducted to " spread Islam by the sword , " or God favorite wife , Aisha , a     girl . We ’re told : " The youngest children , ages 3 to 5 , learned about the animals of the Koran . ( ‘ Old Mustafa had a farm,’ they sang at the last day ’s assembly in a muddle of      toddler voices . ‘ And on that farm Old Mustafa had some bees   —    with the blessing of Allaaaaah . ’ " ) But nothing about the Qur’anic texts and teachings that call for the subjugation of    the call for jihad wars , the devaluation of women ’s testimony and inheritance rights , the command to beat disobedient women , the sanction for capturing    women and making women sex slaves , etc . Meanwhile , " the    to     met the Afghan American author Nadia Hashimi , who read them a passage from her new book , ‘ One Half from the East,’ about an Afghan girl whose parents disguise her as a boy so that her can help provide for the family in a restrictive Afghan society . " The Post adds : " ‘ How do you think that makes girls feel?’ Hashimi asked the adolescents , prompting a discussion about gender equality , followed by an exercise in storytelling . " Why not explain why that Afghan society is restrictive because Afghan society live under the sharia , which institutionalizes the oppression of women ? Because in Islam , girls are chattel . Why not explain about the sanction Islam gives to female genital mutilation and honor killings ? Instead , the Post paints the rosiest possible picture : " The kids at Camp Ramadan come from a mix of Muslim families , Eldadah says . Some of the girls wear headscarves others wear shorts and   . Some of Some of the girls families attend the mosque regularly others do n’t go at all . But nearly every single one of the    to     this year is fasting . " Then the Post quotes Chad Jones , whom it identifies as " a public affairs officer at U. S. Army Fort Meade and an administrator at the camp , where all three of U. S. Army Fort Meade kids are all campers . " Jones says that the camp " allows the camp really to meld the best of America , the things that are more uniquely American , but at the same time keep and actually strengthen the camp Muslim identity . " How does anything described in the Post ’s article " meld " ? Just the opposite . " Camp Ramadan " does n’t address the wholesale slaughter that takes place during the " holy month " of Ramadan . " Camp Ramadan " never mentions the Ramadan    across the world . Instead , " Camp Ramadan " makes fun of Donald Trump . " Camp Camp Ramadan teaches and encourages small children to mock and show utter contempt for the Republican presidential candidate . The article kicks off by describing a Muslim child mocking Donald Trump Donald Trump his positions : a Muslim child mocking Donald Trump I ’m trying to make America great again by kicking out Mexicans , Muslims and African Americans . " Teaching children to publicly mock a presidential candidate would never be encouraged or made an activity at a Christian or Jewish camp . Could you even imagine a similar Post article about little Jewish kids ? Hindu kids ? Scientologist kids ? Seriously . The fact is that there is a war being waged by millions of Muslims against the    the secular Muslims , and apostates from Islam , and the death toll is almost incomprehensible . All in the name of Allah , all in the cause of jihad . That ’s just a fact . These children do n’t feel good about themselves ? Nonsense These children I constantly receive messages from parents whose children are bullied and harassed at schools by Muslim children . Especially Jewish kids . Why is n’t " Camp Ramadan " holding classes to teach against that ? Islam is the ultimate supremacist ideology   —    why reinforce that ? Moving into the future as this war continues to escalate and get even bloodier , why not institute programs to teach against the Qur’an verses and other Islamic texts that are fueling and inspiring a worldwide bloody conflict ? The Washington Post and Jeff Bezos should be ashamed of themselves . Pamela The Washington Post and Jeff Bezos is the President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative ( AFDI ) publisher of PamelaGeller . com and author of The    Presidency : The Obama Administration ’s War on America and Stop the Islamization of America : A America Guide to the Resistance . Follow her on Twitter A Practical Guide to the Resistance . Like her on Facebook A Practical Guide to the Resistance . 
 