  ( CNN ) If President Donald Trump ’s     and President Donald Trump    security adviser sought to set up a back channel with the Kremlin , the move would " ( reek ) of espionage and may even be illegal , " a top    expert told CNN ’s Michael Smerconish on Saturday .   " If Michael Flynn were , in fact , there . .. Michael Flynn certainly knew what Michael Flynn was doing , " Richard Clarke said of claims the President ’s former national security adviser worked with     Jared Kushner and Russia ’s ambassador to the United States to establish a secret line of communication . Michael Flynn " had spent Michael Flynn career in the intelligence community Michael Flynn ran an intelligence agency , " said Clarke , who served as a security and    official under Presidents George H. W. Bush , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . " There ’s no excuse for Clarke, who served as a security and   official under Presidents George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush to not know where espionage starts and diplomacy ends . " If the meeting happened , the meeting also showed " monumental distrust " between the incoming administration and the intelligence community , Smerconish said .   " Well , the meeting suggests they were trying to do something illegal , " Clarke replied . " The only reason to distrust or want to hide something from the intelligence community is your fear that the intelligence the intelligence community something which is illegal , and in that case , they ’re required , they they see an American they the law , to report that to the FBI , " he said . " Clarke there may be a charitable explanation for this , but I tried , and I really ca n’t come with up with one . " Trump also would certainly have known about any meetings that may have occurred between his team and the Trump , Clarke said . " The Donald Trump administration that we have seen so far is one in which he directs the activities Clarke " Clarke said . " Clarke ’s the one Clarke ’s making the decisions . I ca n’t imagine that the     would feel free to freelance without Trump knowing what he Trump doing . Clarke As for what might have motivated Kushner and Flynn to propose a Kremlin back channel , Clarke admitted he was Clarke     Clarke cynical . " If this is n’t ignorance , and it certainly does n’t this like just ignorance , why are they doing it ? Why is this a Russian under every rock ? Why is there a Russian involved in everything Russian administration has done and everything involved in the campaign ? " he asked . " Clarke begs the question : What ’s the quid pro quo ? " Clarke said . " Clarke is getting what out of this ? " 
 