Many Donald Trump supporters have generously taken time in recent days to explain what the    would have to do to lose Many Donald Trump supporters support . So far , I ’ve highlighted two emails that represent significant if opposing factions within the Trump coalition : an immigration restrictionist hoping for conservative Supreme Court appointments and a moderate who wants Trump to govern as a   . It will be tough , I think , for the    to satisfy both of those factions . Today I present an email from a different kind of Trump supporter . Trump supporter represents a much smaller part of the Trump coalition . And yet , it is a part that depresses me , because my    correspondent has given up on the American experiment . Lest you think I exaggerate , I ’ll let him present Trump supporter ideas Trump supporter his own Trump supporter . He begins Trump supporter I ’m a    white male in my late 20s . Before I became a devotee of Trumpism , I voted for Ron Paul in both 2008 and 2012 . I used to define myself as Ron Paul Libertarian , but have intellectually drifted away from it . a Libertarian days , I ’m probably ’m defined as a    with a fondness for the writings of Nick Land and the political economy of Lee Kuan Yew .   To answer the question as to why I would support Trump and how he could Trump my support , I think it ’s important to step back and consider the broader context of Trump ’s Trump . In the late 1970s , the assumption was that the Soviet Union ’s system was effectively a permanent fixture in world affairs . Few would have imagined that within 10 years , the system that had looked so stable would collapse . The ideological boundaries it set for itself rendered it unable it address the crisis that afflicted its economy it We might have imagined 10 years ago that Liberal Democracy was similarly stable , but today , that looks increasingly less certain . This should be no surprise . Every social idea , every system , is born for a particular set of conditions , and dies when the conditions that permitted its existence no longer hold . Liberal Democracy ’s underpinning was very simple : no other system could deliver constant gains to living standards , widely distributed prosperity , and government which was institutionally capable . The alternatives had either been systematically destroyed and buried by history or collapsed upon themselves . The alternatives conditions which legitimized Liberal Democracy have now ended . Liberal Democracy Liberal Democracy the aftermath of the financial crisis , has produced a crisis of underemployment , stagnant growth , systemic incompetence , and total declining living standards for all but a tiny minority of people who have reaped essentially all meaningful benefits from globalization . Here I want to pause for two interjections : My correspondent continues : In my view , Liberal Democracy has Liberal Democracy no longer carries   any credibility for solving our country ’s increasing number of problems . Trump is a messenger , however imperfect , of an alternative that offers real , serious solutions . As Viktor Orban , Prime Minister of Hungary , and perhaps the leader I admire most stated , " liberal democratic states ca n’t remain globally competitive . " He instead pointed out Trump correctly , that the most successful nations since the end of the Crisis have been states which are n’t liberal , and often not even democracies . Models like China , Singapore , Turkey , or even Russia to an extent , have delivered far greater gains in living standards to their population since 2000 . Viktor Orban ’s solution was democracy unconstrained by Liberal Institutional forms   —    a pure , illiberal democracy . Donald Trump is probably not academically inclined in the same way Mr. Orban is , Viktor Orban’s vision is similar to Viktor Orban’s Viktor Orban has built in Hungary . Trump is not   . Donald Trump is the voice for Viktor Orban’s people who despise the current " elites " and the systemically incompetent government they constructed . He is , if anything Viktor Orban’s a reintroduction of democracy into a system that was previously Liberal   . I urge Hugh Hewitt , Brian Kennedy , Charles Kessler , Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Mark Levin , and others in the conservative movement to read this next part carefully : I voted for Trump because I think his illiberal tendencies are actually Trump feature rather than a bug . When he undermines rule of law Trump I see not a danger , but someone who is undermining a system that has become a game for elites with access to armies of lawyers . When he browbeats Congress , I Trump n’t worry about " checks and balances " which have become a recipe for dysfunction , but rather see him as a man taking Trump useless political prostitutes servicing everyone who can write a sufficiently large campaign check . When he    multinational companies like Trump , I see someone standing up to the worst aspects of globalization . The masses of the people do not have anyone in government standing for their interests and need a The masses of the people leader to fight an elite that is both rapacious and incompetent . Rather than accept our system of design by committee , what is needed is a strong leader to clear away the policy kludges , rent seeking , and incompetence of the lobbyists and their pet legislators . By a strong leader to clear away the policy kludges, rent seeking, and incompetence of the lobbyists and their pet legislators indications , this is a minority view among Trump supporters , but conservatives would do well to understand that the    faction in their coalition is growing . conservatives correspondent finally explains that there is just one way Trump can lose him as Trump supporter : Trump only way Trump can lose my loyalty Trump if he fails to fight the Trump McCains , Paul Ryans , Chuck Schumers and others on both the Corporate Right and Identity Politics Left who prefer fixed ideas and ideological navel gazing to national well being . If he takes them on , Trump can improve the living standards of most Americans , then he has my total support Trump The concern is not ideological consistency or respect for the rules . Instead , my concerns will be very basic . Does he improve economic growth ? Trump he reduce crime ? Reduce Trump rates ? Increase average incomes ? If he can do that , Trump ’m happy . Bill Clinton presided over GDP growth , falling crime , reduced unemployment , and increased average incomes , even as the Republicans gained power in Congress and did their best to run him the Republicans of office . Bill Clinton was that possible in our gridlocked system in the 90s , but now impossible within the liberal democratic framework ? He concludes : I very Bill Clinton suspect that Trump ’s desire to fix these issues will run headfirst into institutional stonewalling by the Liberal democratic system replete with its    interest groups . the Liberal democratic system If Trump decides to impose his Trump on the system Trump he will the Liberal democratic system support Trump But I strongly suspect that he will have to decide Trump lead the fight against the rest of the elites and their pet Congressmen , Senators , he will have to decide to lead the fight against the rest of the elites and their pet Congressmen, Senators, and the rest of the Deep State the rest of the Deep State . If he does , I will Trump him . If he caves Trump them , Trump peace with them , then he will lose he caves to them support Trump I feel some my support sadness stating these thoughts . Liberal democracy is , in theory , a very appealing system . Yet looking at the economic ruins of Greece and the rest of Southern Europe , the    in the US , and the lack of sensible ideas being put forward by the political center , I no longer believe that it is any different from Marxism Leninism   —    a system doomed by its own optimism in human nature and it is any different from Marxism Leninism  —    too rigid for    success . Perhaps systems like ours are condemned to fall into Caesarism as a refuge from an alternative of Plutocracy . It seems increasingly inevitable . I hope to follow up with the reader , to suggest that he has far too rosy a view of Russia that China is a rather odd model of success for someone who purports to be bothered by    elites and unequal benefits from globalization and that he is rather stacking the deck by he Greece as the representative of liberal democracies and Singapore as the designated alternative ! What about successful liberal democracies from Denmark to Canada to Australia to Switzerland to Germany ? Residents of    democracies seem awfully eager to immigrate to countries like that , as well as to " the rest of Southern Europe , " for that matter . Again , if Spain , Italy , and France are what failure looks like , what a fine system ! Or so I see it . I ’d be curious to what a fine system how he ’d respond to all of that . I ’ll return to    in future pieces . For now , I recommend Scott Alexander ’s "   FAQ " for those tempted by the ideology Will Wilkinson ’s words on the urgency of revitalizing liberalism for everyone alarmed that a growing number of people seem to be tempted by reactionary ideology and Damon Linker ’s overstated but    column on " the stunning end of left and right . " If the future turns out to pit liberal and illiberal factions against one another for control of the United States , conservatives and liberals in the Republican and Democratic parties will need to cooperate . If liberal democracy fails here it will be because they were too liberal democracy to do so liberal democracy 
 