’   ’ ’    Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday said Attorney General Jeff Sessions would recuse    Attorney General Jeff Sessions from investigations involving the Trump campaign amid a    firestorm over Attorney General Jeff Sessions contacts with Russian officials during the    2016 election , but Attorney General Jeff Sessions stood firm on the answers Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave during    Attorney General Jeff Sessions Senate confirmation hearing about Attorney General Jeff Sessions past communications . ’ ’    Sessions   and held a press conference in which Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Attorney General Jeff Sessions    would recuse Attorney General Jeff Sessions from any investigations " of any matters    related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United    States . " ’ "    The Wall Street Journal had   that the FBI had opened an inquiry into    contacts that Sessions may have had with Russian officials in the    spring and summer of last year , part of a      counterintelligence investigation into possible contacts between    President Trump ’s associates and Russian operatives . " "    It is unclear whether Sessions’ contact is still being examined . " ’    Sessions denied during ’    confirmation hearing that ’    had ever    communicated with any Russian officials while ’    was a top Trump    campaign surrogate . ’ ’’ "    During ’    press conference , Sessions emphasized that ’    did n’t    meet with Russian operatives about the Trump    campaign during the    election . " ’    " Let me be clear : I never had meeting with Russian operatives or    Russian intermediaries about the Trump campaign , " ’    said . " And    the idea that I was part of a ’’ continuing exchange of information    during the campaign between Trump    surrogates and intermediaries    for the Russian government ’’ is totally false . " ’ ’    During his Senate Franken hearing , Sessions , in answering an    unrelated question from Sen. Al Franken , said he did Franken have any    communications with " the Russians . " Franken did not ask Sessions    whether he specifically Franken with Russian operatives , but rather    asked    Trump campaign contacts with Russians generally . ’ ’    " If there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump    Trump campaign with the Russian government in the course    of this campaign , what will you do ? " Franken asked . ’ ’    " Sen. Franken , I’’m not aware of any of those activities , "    Sessions responded . " I have been called a surrogate at a time or    two in that campaign and this campaign not have communications with the    Russians , and I’’m unable to comment I’’m it . " ’ "    Sessions said during   Sessions conference on Thursday ’ "    his    response to Franken ’ "    question was accurate . " ’    " That is the question that Sen. Franken asked me at Franken ,    and that’ ’s what got my attention . As he noted , it was first Franken    breaking news and it got my attention , and it is my attention I    responded to , " he said . " I did not    to the two meetings ,    one very brief as a speech    .. where no such things were    discussed . My reply to the    of Sen. Franken was honest    and correct as I understood it    the time . " ’       The reports on Wednesday indicated that he met with Russia ’s    ambassador Sen. Franken the US , Sergey    , at least twice last year   —      once at an event timed to the Republican National Convention and    again in September . " "    Sessions said during his press conference that he did n’t Sen. Franken    much of Sen. Franken was discussed during the meeting in his office with    the Russian ambassador Sen. Franken but said they discussed terrorism and    Ukraine . " ’    " I don’’t recall , but most of these ambassadors are pretty    gossipy , and this was during    campaign sesson , but I don’’t    recall any specific political discussions don’’t    Sessions said . ’ "    A number of Democratic politicians called for Sessions while    others , including prominent Republicans , have called for him to    recuse himself from any    involving    ’s    to    Russia or the country ’s influence in the 2016 presidential    election . " ’ Natasha Bertrand and Allan Smith contributed to this    story . ’ ’Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday said . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 