Rye Brook , New York ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton might be viewed as the favorite going into Monday ’s presidential debate . But Hillary Clinton certainly did n’t prepare like one . Clinton , a candidate known for being a homebody , was for most of the three nights leading up to Monday’s ’s debate working at a hotel a few miles from Hillary Clinton Chappaqua , New York home , hunkered down with aides in a nondescript conference center surrounded by wedding parties and high school reunion goers . Clinton spent Friday , Saturday and Sunday night at the Doral Arrowwood , returning home past 11 p. m. every night after sessions with a tight group of aides and advisers . The late night sessions appeared to mimic the timing of Monday ’s debate at Hofstra University , which will run 90 minutes and start at 9 p. m.   Clinton ’s prep was not limited to late at night , however . On Saturday and Sunday , Clinton visited the hotel twice a day : Once at night and again for a few hours in the afternoon . RELATED : Clinton , Trump poised for historic debate battle , The frequency and timing of the sessions     hours before Clinton meets Donald Trump     are an acknowledgment that the former secretary of state took the former secretary of state debate preparations seriously , investing four days of    campaigning to find a way to do what no Republican candidate could : Defeat Trump . The sessions also mimic Clinton , a candidate who aides refer to as a worrier . " Like a lot of women , I have a tendency to over prepare , " Clinton said at Greensboro , North Carolina event earlier this month . " I sweat the details . " Trump , on the other hand , has said that Trump does n’t want to    for Monday ’s debate . While Trump met with top advisers on Sunday to hash out debate strategy , the Republican nominee has largely eschewed with traditional debate prep , deciding instead to trust the Republican nominee instincts on Monday night . Jason Miller , Trump spokesman , mocked Clinton ’s     preparation on Monday morning . " That might be something to brag about when you are getting ready to high school football but I am not sure heading into arguably the biggest presidential debate that our country has ever seen that that is something that you want to be putting out there , " Miller Jason Miller . The Doral Arrowwood , a    hotel better known locally as an event space and golf course , is an odd scene for such preparations : As Clinton worked with aides , the hotel was busy hosting a high school reunion , a wedding and a meeting of pharmaceutical employees . Clinton Clinton and exited the the hotel a back entrance and her Clinton positioned so that she Clinton not have to walk through the lobby to get to the conference center hosting her Clinton . Hotel guests were however aware of Clinton Clinton and her secret Clinton protected van was parked near the main entrance of the hotel . the hotel that expectations for Clinton ’s Clinton be impossibly high , given the fact that Monday ’s contest will be over her 40 televised Clinton , including contests during her 2008 presidential Clinton and her Senate run Clinton 2000 . RELATED : 5 things to watch at Monday night ’s    debate , Blatantly playing the expectations game , aides have publicly looked to muddy the view that Clinton should dominate on Monday by touting Trump ’s reality show personality and showman qualities . Their argument : Debates are about theater more than substance , and on that measure Trump has more experience . Trump’s For all his lack of substance , Trump’s ’s showmanship , as Trump’s TV star , makes him a formidable debate foe Trump’s He thrashed his rivals in Trump’s debates Trump’s " Brian Fallon , Clinton ’s national press secretary , tweeted in August . To try to compensate     and knock Trump off his game     Trump’s advising Trump’s have been looking for Clinton retorts that could become memorable moments from the contest . The    sessions are being led by Ron Klain , who advised President Barack Obama , and Karen Dunn , a longtime lawyer and aide . RELATED : Donald Trump ’s 6 debate tactics , Clinton was joined in the Clinton by Huma Abedin , her longtime aide John Podesta Clinton her campaign chairman and Jake Clinton , Clinton ’s top policy aide Clinton to the sources . Philippe Reines , a longtime adviser known for his combative style and fierce loyalty to Clinton , is playing Trump in Clinton prep . Reines Donald Trump spent more time playing " Presidential Trump " than " bombastic Trump , " according to a Donald Trump with knowledge of the prep . Reines , in an effort to Reines Clinton for a more polished Trump Clinton has even ad lib Donald Trump opening statement heralding the milestone of Clinton becoming the first woman nominee Clinton a major presidential party , the source says . What Donald a source with knowledge of the prep up has been "Presidential Trump" concern for Clinton ’s top aides , including Clinton group of advisers who have been inside her debate prep . According to the Clinton , the aides expect Trump to be a source with knowledge of the prep polished , Clinton’s top aides, including that small group of advisers who have been inside her debate prep than the boisterous and     candidate that has been seen across the country on the campaign ’s trail . The source says Clinton has done some prep with " a source with knowledge of the prep , " but more have been with "Presidential Trump" more reserved candidate . Earlier in the process , Clinton spent hours watching a highlight reel Clinton Trump ’s Republican primary debates , according to several people familiar with her debate preparation . She took notes Clinton what agitated him Clinton studied his positions with the Clinton of getting Clinton his skin with her familiarity . Clinton Clinton told friends Clinton supporters that her biggest concern is not knowing which Donald Trump will show up Clinton Monday night : A more moderate , controlled Republican nominee or the more blunt and combative candidate ? " I do not know which Donald Trump will show up , " Clinton said at an August Donald Trump New York . " Maybe Clinton will try to be presidential and try to convey a gravity Clinton he has n’t done before or will he come in and try Clinton insult and try to score some Clinton . " RELATED :    polls : Trump , Clinton deadlocked in Colorado , Pennsylvania 
 Clinton Donald Trump 