Hillary Clinton repeatedly struggled to get in a good joke about Hillary Clinton deleted emails   —    in an effort to make light of a situation that continued to plague Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail . [ Ahead of Hillary Clinton ’s    speech , speech was clear that Hillary Clinton team was struggling after Huma Abedin emailed over a dozen staffers to inform a dozen staffers that Hillary Clinton was n’t convinced that a dozen staffers draft was good enough . The email chain was unstoppable .   Campaign chief John Podesta suggested an idea of a joke , pitching one about Donald Trump and Clinton ’s Benghazi testimony . " I used to be obsessed with Donald Trump hair , that was until I got to spend 11 hours staring at the top of Trey Gowdy ’s head , " Campaign chief John Podesta wrote . " Just wonder if that undercuts our statesmanship point too much , " replied a public relations consultant on the email . " I do n’t think so , " Campaign chief John Podesta answered . " That ’s because you love your own joke , " shot back Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri . Jake Sullivan , a foreign policy advisor for the campaign , added that he " Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri the joke " but was concerned that Clinton should take the high road . " I think HRC should stay above the committee   —    and especially above personal insults about it . the committee   ’s Clinton every inch of the high ground right now , " he wrote Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri response . " Wow . You people are a bunch of ninnies , " Palmieri replied Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri before clarifying that she was Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri " kidding " after someone appeared upset . Another consultant emailed to say he thought Another consultant joke would work , but that it gave the joke Sanders too much credit for helping her get Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri her email Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri . He pitched Another consultant different idea : " I do n’t if you all saw it but the hearing went on for 11 hours . Eleven hours . I was kind of expecting around hour # 8 Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders in and shout   —    " enough about your damn emails Hillary ! Director of Communications Jennifer Palmieri " Podesta advised them to steer away from email jokes . " I defer if others think this buys us good will with Sanders people , Bernie Sanders email jokes in Iowa usually end up badly and do n’t we want to us on ? " he wrote . Podesta It ’s possible that Podesta was referring Podesta Clinton ’s widely criticized Snapchat joke about her emails at Clinton Iowa Wing Ding Iowa . ) Hillary Campaign manager Clinton Mook also had a suggestion . " Is there some Apprentice joke to make ? I never saw the show , " he said . Apprentice I ’m also the Apprentice person to generate jokes . " It appears that Palmieri enjoyed the thought of a good email joke , suggesting another one during a March , 2015 email to discuss a speech to Emily ’s List . " I wanted to float idea of HRC making a joke about the email situation at the Emily ’s List Emily tonight . What do folks think about that ? " she wrote . Emily spokesperson Nick Merrill gave it some tepid Campaign spokesperson Nick Merrill . " I do n’t think it ’s nuts if we can come up with the right thing . But it could also it nuts   …     " he wrote . Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake agreed . " I think it would be good for her to show Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake humor . This is her crowd so Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake response would be great , " she wrote . Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake political consultant disagreed . " We do n’t know what ’s in the emails , so we are nervous We this , " she cautioned . Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake Might get a big laugh tonight and regret it when content this emails is disclosed . " Palmieri also pitched the idea of using an email joke in Terry McAuliffe ’s Gridiron Speech . " Anyway what do we think about using gridiron to puncture the email story a little , " she wrote . Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake I ’m fine w it , " Mook replied , Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake an annoyed response from Palmieri . " Palmieri with it " is it kind of answer I used to get from Dan Pfeiffer , " she wrote back Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake referring to her former White Deputy Communications Director Kristina Schake colleague . " Do you LIKE it ? ? " ( Obama ended up featuring an email joke in his Gridiron speech Obama . ) 
 