Rapper Killer Mike defended Donald Trump against allegations leveled by Hilary Clinton ’s presidential campaign that the GOP nominee urged Second Amendment proponents to harm Hilary Clinton’s during a speech Hilary Clinton’s gave earlier this week . [ " I ’m very    Amendment . Hilary Clinton’s ’s   * t crazy , but I do n’t think [ Trump ] would call for the assassination of another presidential candidate , " the rapper and staunch Bernie Sanders supporter told TMZ . " Hilary Clinton’s was saying that [ Second Amendment ] vote could prevent her . "   During Hilary Clinton’s speech in Wilmington , North Carolina earlier this week , Trump said : " Hillary wants to abolish , essentially abolish , the Second Amendment . By the way , and if Hillary gets to pick Hillary judges , nothing you can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know . " The Clinton campaign , and numerous news outlets , Trump ’s words to suggest that he Trump inciting violence against the former Secretary of State . Asked for this thoughts on Trump Trump President Obama the " founder of ISIS , " the    rapper laughed and said Trump Trump simply repeating what he the   rapper on Fox News . " But I do think our government has done a great job at destabilizing countries and creating enemies , " he the   rapper .   The the   rapper headlines earlier this year when he came out the   rapper a vocal supporter of Bernie Sanders ’s presidential bid , even stumping for the Vermont senator . In June , the Run the Jewels rapper said of Trump Trump " the Republican hate machine has been subtly feeding this monster . " In his interview with the   rapper , Killer Mike said voters failed to elect the one candidate , Sanders , who was against " growing war . " " So we ’re getting what we ask for we If you do n’t want any war , you ’ll be voting for ( Green Party presidential candidate ) Jill Stein , " he said . Jill Stein If you want less government and war , you ’ll be voting for ( Libertarian Presidential candidate ) Gary Johnson . " Asked who he ’s voting Jill Stein in November , Killer Mike replied : " I have not decided yet   …     . definitely not [ Trump ] or [ Clinton ] . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 