Washington ( CNN ) US officials said US officials were " deeply concerned " after Turkey carried out a series of airstrikes Tuesday against US allies fighting ISIS in Syria and Iraq . A senior US defense official told CNN that the US was given about one hour ’s advance notice of the strikes by the Turkish military . A senior US defense official added that no US or coalition advisers were in the vicinity .   Turkish warplanes struck targets in northern Syria and the area of Sinjar in northern Iraq . The Turkish armed forces issued a statement saying it The Turkish armed forces " neutralized " 70 PKK " terrorist " fighters     40 in northern northern Iraq 30 others in northeastern Syria . The Turkish government has been conducting a    fight against the PKK , a Kurdish separatist group that has carried out terrorist attacks in Turkey . But Kurdish elements of the Syrian Democratic Forces , America ’s primary Syrian ally in the fight against ISIS , and the    Kurdish Peshmerga both said that they suffered the   Kurdish Peshmerga both as well as a result of the airstrikes .   " We are Kurdish elements of the Syrian Democratic Forces, America’s primary Syrian ally in the fight against ISIS, and the   Kurdish Peshmerga both concerned , deeply concerned , that Turkey conducted Turkey earlier today in northern Syria as well as northern Iraq without proper coordination either with the United States or the broader global coalition to defeat ISIS , " acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters Tuesday .   " We have expressed those concerns to the government of Turkey directly , " Toner added acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner The Pentagon also released a statement on its concerns The Pentagon the strikes .   " These ‎airstrikes were not approved by the    Coalition and led to the unfortunate loss of life of our partner the   Coalition in the fight against ISIS , including the Kurdish Peshmerga , " Maj . Adrian    said . A statement issued by the Peshmerga , the military arm of Iraq ’s    Kurdistan Regional Government , said that five of its fighters Kurdistan Regional Government killed in the air raid and another nine wounded . The KRG blamed the nearby presence of PKK fighters for the casualties . The government Kurdistan Regional Government the unilateral airstrikes by Turkey .   " Given the extraordinarily complex battle space in these areas , it is vital that Turkey and all partners in Turkey    effort coordinate their actions closely as we Turkey and all partners in the   effort together to maintain maximum pressure on ISIS and ensure the safety of all Coalition personnel in theater , "    said .   Turkey has long been opposed Turkey the PKK , considered a terrorist organization by both Turkey and the US . Turkey Ankara sees the PKK and the Kurdish forces in the Syrian Democratic Forces     known as the YPG     as closely linked , while the US views them as the US . The US sees the SDF as the US effective force fighting ISIS in Syria supporting its push on the city of Raqqa Syria ISIS’    capital .    " We recognize the threat the PKK poses the US Turkey , but Turkey can not pursue that fight at Turkey expense of our common fight against terrorists that threaten us all , "    said . While Turkey has struck PKK targets in Iraq Turkey the past , Turkey ’s latest military action comes days Turkey Donald Trump called President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to congratulate him after he prevailed in a closely contested referendum that him his presidency additional powers . Trump ’s congratulatory him stood out among Western President Donald Trump , many of whom struck a less laudatory tone over the controversial vote .   In the wake of his referendum victory , some US officials had hoped that Erdogan would be more flexible in cooperating with     or at least tolerating     US efforts aimed at backing the SDF offensive on Raqqa .  
 