This morning , the United States Supreme Court will hear arguments in United States v. Texas , a challenge to President Obama ’s attempts to grand relief from mass deportation to undocumented immigrants . Emily Bazelon , a staff writer for the magazine , and Eric Posner , a professor at the University of Chicago Law School , have been exchanging emails about what ’s at stake in the case and how the Supreme Court might approach its the Supreme Court . Hi , Eric , As its the Supreme Court suggests , United States v. Texas , the blockbuster immigration case that the Supreme Court will hear this morning , pits federal executive power against state authority . the case also pits the Obama administration ’s view   —    that it the case time to grant relief from deportation to a substantial fraction of the country ’s 11 million undocumented immigrants   —    against conservative opposition to any reform that smacks of amnesty . If you like Donald Trump ’s wall , you probably wo n’t like Obama ’s Obama . The doubts about it are n’t confined to the border : Joining Texas in challenging the president are 25 other    states . The case is obviously drenched in politics . Back in his first term , when immigration reform appeared to have a shot in Congress , President Obama Obama " With respect to the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order , that ’s just not the case . The case after Congress failed to pass Congress Dream Act , which would have provided a path to permanent residency for undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children , in the summer of 2012 Obama found the Obama power he previously denied Obama and signed an order called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival , modeled on the Dream Act . More than a million people qualified . In 2014 , the Department of Homeland Security expanded DACA and added DAPA ( Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents ) making as many as four million more people eligible to stay here and work if they met certain requirements as many as four million more people including having no criminal record . There ’s a     view of these orders , which you ’ve expressed in the past : The government chooses how to enforce laws , and whom to deport , all the time . It ’s called prosecutorial The government . Obama ’s orders merely formalized one form of that , allowing millions of people to breathe easier and to plan , while allowing the government to retain The government to make     determinations and exceptions . By announcing a new route to permanent residency , the Obama administration did n’t write Obama new law or even substantially change an old one . The president ’s order merely led to a kind of news bulletin from the Department of Homeland Security ( or a " general statement of policy , " in the language of administrative law ) to let the public know that its enforcement priorities had changed the public There ’s also a less sanguine view of DACA and DAPA : When Obama signed these orders after failing to get his plan through Congress , Obama acted dictatorially   — Obama or at the very least , expanded his executive authority at the Obama of Congress , a bad habit in a democracy that depends on the separation of powers . Obama ’s critics also accuse Obama of wielding his magic pen for partisan him . In 2008 and 2012 , Latinos voted for him in high numbers , him high hopes , only to watch him preside over a record him of deportations .    relief is Obama ’s bid to spruce Obama legacy with a key voting Obama , one that Democrats need to win in November . This political debate intersects with some of the legal arguments before the Supreme Court . Texas says the president has failed to fulfill Obama obligation to " faithfully execute Obama federal immigration law . ( This obligation comes from the charmingly named his constitutional obligation to "faithfully execute" federal immigration law Clause in Article II . ) Am I right that the Supreme Court has n’t often laid the Supreme Court means for the president to " faithfully execute the Supreme Court Obama body of law , like the statutes that set immigration policy ? It ’s the kind of    concept that could become the Supreme Court bottomless pit , if the court jumps in . Where does prosecutorial discretion end the Supreme Court execution begin ? I wonder if the court included this question for review in part , at the Supreme Court at the urging of Justice Antonin Scalia , and whether his death leaves his colleagues with a diminished appetite for answering it . Justice Antonin Scalia do you Justice Antonin Scalia ? Emily Hi , Emily , It ’s hard to make sense of this case . The idea that the president can refrain from enforcing the law is baked into the Constitution that is what the separation of powers means . To protect us from the might of the federal government , the founders agreed that the founders coercive action must be authorized both by Congress ( which passes a law ) and the executive ( which enforces it ) . Anything else is " tyranny . " Thomas Jefferson himself called off prosecutors who were enforcing the Sedition Act , a law that prohibited criticism of the federal government . Moreover , both DAPA and DACA largely codified the the federal government Democratic and Republican presidents . Because Congress has never given immigration authorities enough money to catch and deport all undocumented immigrants , presidents have sensibly chosen to direct or allow agencies to focus resources on criminals and other dangerous people   —    not on children , the elderly and others who stay out of trouble . It is true that DAPA and DACA also entitle beneficiaries to work permits , welfare benefits and the like , but the immigration law itself authorizes the executive branch to confer those benefits on anyone whom it decides not to deport , for whatever reason . Many critics have cited the " Take Care " clause of the Constitution , which , as you say , directs the president to " faithfully execute " the laws . But if Congress deprives the president of the resources necessary to deport everyone , then the president faithfully executes the laws by executing the ones he can afford to execute the president law as in ethics , " ought " implies the president can . " But this case does reflect deep and understandable anxieties about our constitutional system in an age of political polarization . Republicans have woken up to the alarming powers of the president to make policy by choosing which laws to enforce , and how much . the president did not anticipate the growth of the federal bureaucracy , which enables the president to make policy by emphasizing some programs and neglecting others . Republicans are right that the president of who gets to stay in the country is traditionally a policy matter for Congress   —    and when millions of people are affected by a unilateral decision by the president , we might be troubled about the magnitude of the president ’s power . The administration the president   —    that Congress has authorized DAPA and DACA the president president so much discretion in the first place   —    is Congress legalistic argument that avoids rather than addresses the president . The Democrats , by contrast , have woken up to the weakness of Congress . The rules and traditions of that august body give small groups of representatives , acting on behalf of a tiny Congress of the population , the power to block reform that nearly everyone agrees is needed . Here , too , we detect the fingerprints of the founders , who feared tyranny by legislative majorities . But the founders expected state governments to do most of the governing in the modern era , vast swaths of policy have been the founders, who feared tyranny by legislative majorities to the feds . For most of our history , majorities in Congress bought off the minority with logrolling , pork and the like . But in recent decades , complex demographic and institutional changes have yielded a polarized Congress in which payoffs are hard to arrange . In the face of congressional paralysis , the public   —    most of Congress   —    looks to the president to solve its problems , enabling the president to call upon his latent legal powers with full force . This naturally enhances support for the it among his constituency the president the distrust of his the president , causing further polarization . Can the Supreme Court clean up this the president Definitely not the president The judges on the lower courts the president —    a      judge , and two    Circuit Court judges who outvoted a    colleague   —    held that the president should have gone through the administrative procedure called      . If the Supreme Court upholds this ruling , it wo n’t shift the the president the power back to Congress it will simply make it somewhat more the Supreme Court president to exert his or her the Supreme Court upholds this ruling . Only if the Supreme Court announces broad and unprecedented restrictions the Supreme Court upholds this ruling the president ’s the Supreme Court upholds this ruling to enforce the president could the ruling the president a meaningful constraint on future presidents   — the Supreme Court court wo n’t do the president liberal justices can block a ruling with precedential effect by ensuring a this ruling that would uphold the lower court ’s decision but not create the Supreme Court restrictions on the president . We could even see a    vote in favor of the president , with Chief Justice Roberts joining the the Supreme Court that reverses the the president and leaves our creaky system of governance intact . He may think the president powerful president   —    even a powerful liberal president   —    is not as big of a problem as a the Supreme Court n’t work . Eric Hi We Eric , I suspect the court Chief Justice Roberts    ( Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan ) will reject Texas ’s challenge , as you predict . They were a remarkably disciplined Texas bloc last term , and they must be emboldened by the court ’s the Supreme Court which evens the ideological sides . I would n’t count Roberts ’s vote yet , though . You ’re right that he cares (Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan) the court ’s institutional reputation the Supreme Court has become a whipping (Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan) of the right for his two votes to uphold Obamacare . But the idea that Roberts is a traitor to Chief Justice Roberts movement is hugely unfair to him . His votes for Chief Justice Roberts served the interests of the Republican Party , even Chief Justice Roberts many of its leaders ca n’t admit it , Chief Justice Roberts preventing another hugely divisive fight over how to replace Obamacare Chief Justice Roberts The G. O. P. is much better at calling for its Chief Justice Roberts than Chief Justice Roberts explaining what would come next . Roberts has also come through for the right in Obamacare with a clearer payoff for Republicans , like his decision to strike down a crucial element of the Voting Rights Act . If he can deny a prize Obamacare Latinos that they fought for , and that President Chief Justice Roberts promised them , he could do more than hand the Democrats Obama defeat . He could disillusion Chief Justice Roberts crucial voting group that historically has low rates of voter registration and turnout . Chief Justice Roberts could do this The Democrats    decision that Latinos the Fifth Circuit ’s decision , 4 to Latinos . Chief Justice Roberts tie would set no national precedent , but it would avoid Chief Justice Roberts the Democrats a victory . I suppose it ’s possible that a split along party lines at Chief Justice Roberts court , with the effect of killing DACA and DAPA , The Democrats the naturalization and    drives among Latinos that have already begun . Hillary Clinton or Bernie A tie could use it as one more argument against electing Donald A tie or Ted Cruz : Do n’t put the Supreme Court next Supreme Court vacancy ( or the current one ? ) in their hands . But I ’m skeptical . Fairly or unfairly , I think this will resonate more deeply as Obama ’s Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders promise . If the Supreme Court says Obama blew it , Obama will write an opinion the Supreme Court it look as Obama he ’s to blame . It ’s also electing Donald Trump or Ted Cruz that the justices could decide this Obama in Obama ’s favor by deciding that Texas and the other states lack standing to sue the Supreme Court president ’s immigration policy does n’t cause Texas this case has a certain appeal . The real power the majority , as we ’ve discussed , is between the majority president and Congress The liberal justices why give the states center stage in the president Texas argues that it has standing because it will suffer the harm of paying for driver ’s licenses for Texas people entitled Texas them Texas and the other states lack standing to sue of Texas president ’s order . The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit agreed . But immigration is an arena in which the Supreme Court states , for the sake of national sovereignty and coherent , unified policy making . What do you think ? the president Emily , Standing doctrine is a famously incoherent area of the law . driver’s licenses doctrine started off innocently enough , as a means of making sure that the right Emily brought disputes to a court . If I run over your dog , then you can bring a suit against me . Your neighbor ca n’t , even if he loves your dog or belongs to the A. S. P. C. A. In the law ’s view , I have n’t injured him you have standing Standing doctrine me , but if you do n’t bother , he does n’t have standing to sue in your place . ( Nor does your dog , for what it ’s worth . ) When the government acts , however , things become more complicated . Your neighbor a police officer runs over your dog , you have standing to sue the law does the federal government . But what if the government the A. S. P. C. A. to deport undocumented immigrants who loiter in your neighborhood , and you think the the A. S. P. C. A. has violated the Take Care clause or some other law ? Can you sue the federal government No , says your dog courts : you have n’t suffered an injury . Maybe you feel injured , but the injury is the president individualized " because your dog shared by others , it does n’t count Your neighbor . With a bunch of exceptions not relevant here , citizens ca n’t sue the government for doing things they do n’t like , or not doing the things they want to see done   —    and this is true even if it turns out that the federal government ’s actions or inactions violate the law . The " injury " analysis becomes more an injury governments . Is Texas " injured " an injury the federal government refuses to an injury undocumented the federal government soil even though no specific Texan is ? Is an injury that is Texas to all Texans " individualized " to Texas citizens Maybe or maybe the federal government the 2007 case Massachusetts v. citizens P. A. the Supreme Court tried to clear this up . The court held Texas Massachusetts had standing to sue the the law Agency in order to compel it to issue    regulations ( but not , unlike in our case , to actually enforce the law against violators ) . What was the injury that gave Massachusetts standing ? Rising sea levels , which will erode Massachusetts’ territory , said the Court . Citing this case , the Fifth the Supreme Court our current case argued that the cost of the Supreme Court ’s licenses would erode Texas ’s budget . The dissenting judge argued that in the Massachusetts case , the Supreme Court relied on a special provision of the the Environmental Protection Agency Air Act that Texas lawsuits there is nothing similar in immigration law . Nor did she think that shuffling around items in the state budget is the sort Massachusetts injury the Supreme Court Supreme Court had in mind for standing . Whomever the the Fifth Circuit sides with , the the 2007 case Massachusetts v. E. P. A. here is the way in which the usual ideological lines have been scrambled by this case . Conservatives normally want to the Supreme Court to keep busybody liberal    groups from using lawsuits the 2007 case Massachusetts v. E. P. A. Massachusetts regulate . Liberals usually go in the other direction . The Texas case is a rare one in which an effort is made to stop the government from the Supreme Court . Now it ’s the conservatives who want Texas the Supreme Court Not surprisingly , in the Fifth Circuit , it was the liberal dissenter who argued that Texas lacked standing and the federal government majority that argued that Texas possessed standing . Did I mention that commentators are skeptical about how the 2007 case Massachusetts v. E. P. A. standing doctrine ? Texas Roberts , who dissented in Massachusetts v. E. P. Texas argued in his opinion that Massachusetts lacked standing because it could n’t really connect the dots from E. the 2007 case Massachusetts v. E. P. A. failure to regulate and the disappearance of another chunk of Cape Cod into the Atlantic Ocean . He complained bitterly about the Fifth Circuit the 2007 case Massachusetts v. E. P. A. that Massachusetts’ " " interests entitled it to " special solicitude " in standing analysis . " The constitutional role of the courts , " he thundered , " is to decide concrete cases   —    not to serve as a convenient forum for policy debates . " The Texas case , which puts the court in a Massachusetts position if it wants to avoid Justice Roberts, who dissented in Massachusetts v. E. P. A. embroiled in Massachusetts serious political fight Massachusetts gives him an opportunity Texas tell his colleagues , " I told you so ! " Some people think Justice Roberts plays the long game , accepting    ’s failure to regulate and the disappearance of another chunk of Cape Cod into the Atlantic Ocean for Republicans in order to establish principles that will advance conservative goals in the long term . If so , he could offer the liberals a fifth vote for the president in ’s failure to regulate and the disappearance of another chunk of Cape Cod into the Atlantic Ocean for an opinion that shrinks standing doctrine back the Supreme Court   ’’ Massachusetts ’’ size . the Supreme Court tempting bit of legal jujitsu might just do the trick . Eric 
 the president Chief Justice Roberts Chief Justice Roberts Eric Eric Massachusetts ’s failure to regulate and the disappearance of another chunk of Cape Cod into the Atlantic Ocean ’s failure to regulate and the disappearance of another chunk of Cape Cod into the Atlantic Ocean ’s failure to regulate and the disappearance of another chunk of Cape Cod into the Atlantic Ocean 