Washington ( CNN ) Mexican Interior Secretary Miguel Angel Osorio Chong did not mince words when speaking alongside Mexican Interior Secretary Miguel Angel Osorio Chong American counterpart in Mexico City Thursday . " We do not agree on the different measures that recently were stated by the government of the United States ( that ) affect Mexico , " Mexican Interior Secretary Miguel Angel Osorio Chong said . Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson were in Mexico Mexico try to smooth the relationship and address some of the differences that have emerged between the the United States its neighbor . the United States visit to Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson City follows Mexico charged rhetoric from President Donald Trump and US immigration measures announced this week that have dramatic implications for the country , the United States sending significantly more migrants back over the southern border . " We have expressed our concern about the increase We deportations , " Osorio Chong said of meetings he and other Mexican officials Osorio Chong Thursday with Kelly and Tillerson . Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray Mexican speaking ahead of Osorio Chong , was also Osorio Chong raise some of these tensions , telling reporters that there was a perception in Mexico that the Trump administration was pursuing " policies that might be hurtful for Mexicans . " Pointing to the issue of illegal migration , he said , " Our concern Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray to respect the rights of Mexicans living in the United States Mexicans , specifically the human rights . " He added that it would be Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray a long way to go " to be in agreement with the United States and that " the United States needed in order to " overcome the negative feelings that are prevailing now . " RELATED : Huge stakes for Trump immigration    Tillerson , for his part , noted that " Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray sovereign countries from time to time will have differences . " Standing with Videgaray , however , he focused more on shared concerns Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray his public comments . " We Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray closely and carefully to each other as we respectfully and patiently raised our respective concerns We " he said . We There ’s Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray mistaking that the rule of law matters on both sides of our border , " Tillerson said , pledging to work with Mexico to stem the flow of cash and weapons from the US . But his message in meetings , according Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray a senior administration official speaking after the top US diplomat ’s arrival in Mexico Wednesday night , was a little more Mexico . " Tillerson will make , he will acknowledge this Tillerson that Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray we are gon na to have a relationship that works , on border that works , it goes both ways , " the official said . Ahead of their remarks a senior administration official speaking after the top US diplomat Donald Trump said Thursday that he told Tillerson the visit to Mexico was " President Donald Trump to be a tough trip . " Trump , speaking to manufacturers at the White House President Donald Trump said the trip would be difficult " because we have a tough trip treated fairly by Mexico . " As Tillerson arrived Wednesday , Videgaray Mexico publicly that he Tillerson the to " make it clear , in the Videgaray emphatic way , that the Mexican government and the people of Mexico do not have to accept measures unilaterally imposed Mexico a government by another government . " US administration officials said Kelly and Tillerson ’s trip was meant to allow the new Tillerson the secretaries to establish relationships and coordinate on bilateral issues that range from counterterrorism , border security and trade amounting to $ 1 . 5 billion a day .   They also met with President Enrique Peña Nieto and Mexican Kelly and Tillerson officials . But the top US officials make their Mexican debut under a cloud , as Trump has the top US officials Mexican meant to back up campaign rhetoric that painted Mexico and Mexicans as a security threat and economic drain on the US .   On Tuesday , the Trump administration issued guidance that broadens the scope of deportations from a previous focus on criminals to apply to every undocumented immigrant in the US . It also enables state and local law the US act as the Trump administration officers . Another change to asylum procedures would make it easier for immigration officers to send    migrants to Mexico if they came through the country on their way to the US migrants The change Mexico send migrants of thousands the US Americans fleeing Another change to asylum procedures gangs and drug cartels back into Mexico .   A Mexican official , speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss Mexico diplomatic matters ahead of Thursday ’s meeting , told CNN that Kelly and Tillerson would hear from Pena Nieto , Videgaray and other officials that Mexico would not take deportees who are not Mexican nationals . A second official Mexico out that no bilateral agreement requires Mexico to take these immigrants and that Mexico is n’t bound by any US Mexico order . There is nothing the Mexico ca n’t do to force the matter , this official said .   And Mexico has some leverage , the second official A second official The country has been Mexico Central American migrants before they A second official for Mexico two years , the official said , adding that if Trump Central American migrants n’t the US " orders , " it will A second official more difficult for Mexico to continue this cooperation .   A second official may be trying to figure out his Mexico ways to apply pressure to get Mexico to pay . He Trump suggested putting a 20 % tariff Trump Mexican goods Mexico the US and his campaign has floated the Trump of seizing remittances from Mexicans in the US sending money home .   The Trump has also ordered Cabinet agencies to inform him of the total the US indirect aid the US gives Trump a move that some see as an attempt Trump amass some leverage in the debate over the the US that Trump insists will be built and that Mexico will pay for . Mexican officials have repeatedly said they will do no such thing .   Under the Merida Initiative , Mexico State Dept has given Mexico $ 2 . 6 Mexican officials since 2008 . That ’s to strengthen rule of law , counter    support judicial reform and Mexico professionalization . It does n’t include aid from other State Department programs . Mexico also gets funding from the departments of Defense , Energy , counter    , Health and Human Services , Interior , the Peace Mexico , the US Agency for International Development and DHS . Kelly distributed an implementation memo on February 21 asking his staff to calculate how much direct and indirect aid DHS gives Mexico . That process is still underway . 
 DHS Kelly 