Washington ( CNN ) Just days ago , Paul Ryan was campaigning for the Republican ticket but barely mentioning Donald Trump ’s name .    Now , Paul Ryan ’s putting Paul Ryan differences behind them and embraced the    at a midday meeting on Capitol Hill to chart out plans to help Paul Ryan enact a sweeping conservative agenda . Trump , Ryan , Vice    Mike Pence and future Donald Trump’s ate lunch at the Capitol Hill Club and then headed to the speaker ’s office for a meeting . Ryan rolled out the red carpet for Trump , taking Donald Trump’s out to Ryan balcony in Ryan Capitol office Ryan which overlooks the Washington Monument , and the platform under construction where Trump will be Donald Trump’s in as the 45th president . Ryan also pointed Ryan Trump ’s new Donald Trump’s which recently opened and was visible from the balcony . Sitting at a conference table flanked by Pence and Melania Trump , Ryan described " Ryan fantastic , productive meeting . " He told reporters Ryan and the Ryan discussed how " we ’re going to hit the ground running " and then , borrowing a phrase from Trump , said Donald Trump’s would " he and the    America great again . " Trump talked about Donald Trump’s eagerness to Donald Trump’s forces with the speaker to begin implementing new policies .   " We ca n’t get started fast enough . And whether its health care Donald Trump’s immigration , so many different things , we will be working on them very rapidly immigration " Trump said . Donald Trump’s Later on Thursday , Ryan told Fox News’ Bret Baier he looked forward Bret Baier working with Trump on his Donald Trump’s ’s Bret Baier . " Being in Congress without having the White House has been extremely frustrating because we have n’t been able to get things done , " he said . Bret Baier We have a unified Republican government . We can actually We things done for the people of this country . We now have We . " Ryan refused to say whether he agreed with Ryan ’s stance of building a border wall , which is a stance he campaigned on Ryan during the election . " I ’m in favor of securing the border and I do believe that we need to have physical barriers on the border , the border said . Ryan I would refer to the experts on what is the right way to actually secure the border . And the border it ’s not just border security , you have to have interior enforcement . " A crucial time , Thursday ’s sitdown came at a crucial time for both men . Trump started his day at a historic Trump meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House , preparing to take the reins and roll back some of the signature accomplishments put in place after eight years of a Democrat holding the highest office .   Ryan is still under fire from fellow Republicans for his decision not to defend Ryan his party ’s presidential nominee Ryan leaked video tapes surfaced showing Trump making graphic comments about women . Even before that he broke with Trump on Ryan occasions . Trump faces a vote next Ryan to keep his job as speaker and Ryan in good position to keep his gavel . But an Ryan vote of confidence from the    could help smooth over ill feelings within the party and ward off any potential protest vote against him . Pressed on Fox Ryan if he was worried about a Ryan from conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus in next week ’s vote for another term as speaker , Ryan said , " No , we ’re excited about going forward and about working on executing an agenda so the Democrats are the ones who are in turmoil .   The Republicans are the ones who are unified and we ’re excited about working with our    with a good we so we hit the ground running we " Pence is a friend and former colleague from his time serving in the House as representative from Indiana . The meeting was the first       since the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , although the speaker noted Wednesday he spoke twice with Trump the speaker he was declared the winner the speaker Trump calls Obama ’a very Trump man’ after historic White House meeting , After the brief Capitol tour with the speaker , Trump and Pence walked across the Capitol for a meeting with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell McConnell went over the transition and " issues that we obviously agree on " and called it " a    meeting . " A day earlier at his    press conference , McConnell split with the incoming president , they he did n’t plan to move to enact term limits and disagreed with Trump ’s criticism of NATO . The speaker , McConnell like most everyone else in official Washington McConnell was surprised by the reality star turned candidate ’s upset Tuesday , but was quick to give him credit for tapping into a sentiment other politicians did n’t appear to grasp . " Donald Trump heard a voice out in this country that no one else heard McConnell He connected with     he connected in ways with people no one else did . Trump politics on its head and now Donald Trump will lead a unified Republican government Trump " Ryan said Trump at a news conference in his Wisconsin home town . Trump also said Trump helped GOP candidates across Trump get elected and declared he " earned a mandate . "   Along with the presidential victory Trump Republicans maintained their control Ryan both chambers Trump Congress .   Paul Ryan ’s next moves , While Ryan did n’t lay out many specific policy details during his campaign , Ryan worked diligently Republicans a platform , dubbed " A Better Way Ryan for the GOP nominee to Trump . It includes major plans to overhaul the tax code Paul Ryan’s repeal and Ryan Obamacare , scale back government regulations , address poverty and strengthen the military . 
 the GOP nominee 