Washington ( CNN ) After months of dramatic congressional testimony , bombshell news reports and partisan jousting , the    saga about alleged Russian tampering in the 2016 presidential election and investigation into possible collusion by members of Donald Trump ’s campaign continues to pick up momentum as new revelations seem to surface on a daily basis .   Currently , the Justice Department and both chambers of Congress are investigating whether there were improper contacts between those in the Donald Trump orbit and Russia during the 2016 election .   Here is a summary of known connections between Trump associates and Russia . The latest development comes as fired FBI director James Comey prepares to testify publicly in the Senate on June 7 , where fired FBI director James Comey will confirm bombshell accusations that President Donald Trump pressured President Donald Trump to end President Donald Trump investigation into a top President Donald Trump aide ’s ties to Russia . fired FBI director James Comey will appear before the the Senate intelligence committee , which is investigating possible connections between the President Donald Trump campaign and Russia during last year ’s presidential election . the Senate intelligence committee, which is investigating possible connections between the Trump campaign and Russia during last year released fired FBI director James Comey ’s prepared testimony ahead of the hearing . Read the full comments here .   CNN has also learned that Russian government officials discussed having potentially " derogatory " information about    candidate Trump and some of his top aides in conversations intercepted by US intelligence during the 2016 election . One source described the potentially "derogatory" information about   candidate Trump and some of his top aides in conversations intercepted by US intelligence during the 2016 election financial in nature and said the discussion centered on whether the Russians had leverage over Trump ’s inner circle . The source One source intercepted communications suggested to US intelligence that Russians believed " Russians had the Russians to influence the administration through the derogatory information . " But the sources , privy to the descriptions of the communications written by US intelligence , cautioned the Russian claims to one another " could have been exaggerated or even made up " as part of a disinformation campaign that the Russians did Russians election . Sources have also told CNN that    director Comey knew that a critical piece of information relating to the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s email was fake     created by Russian intelligence     but Russian feared that if director Comey became public it a critical piece of information relating to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email was fake    created by Russian intelligence     undermine the a critical piece of information relating to the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email was fake    created by Russian intelligence     and the Justice Department itself . As a result , Comey acted unilaterally last director Comey to publicly declare the investigation over     the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email Loretta Lynch     while at the same time stating that Clinton had been " extremely careless " in her handling of classified information . His Clinton conference caused a firestorm of Comey’s and drew criticism from both Democrats and Republicans . Comey ’s actions based on what he Comey’s was Russian disinformation offer a Comey’s example of the way Russian interference impacted the decisions of the Russian US officials during the 2016 campaign . The FBI ’s the Trump campaign also increasingly touching on the multiple roles of senior White House adviser Jared Kushner on both the Trump campaign and the Trump transition team . Points of focus that pertain to Kushner include : the Trump campaign ’s 2016 data senior White House adviser Jared Kushner operation his relationship with former national security adviser Michael Flynn and Kushner ’s own contacts with Russians , according to senior White House adviser Jared Kushner briefed on the probe . That news came on the heels of CNN ’s reporting that Attorney General Jeff Sessions did not disclose meetings he had last year with Russian officials when he applied Attorney General Jeff Sessions his security clearance , according to the Attorney General Jeff Sessions Department . Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak at least two times last year Russian did n’t note those interactions on the last year which requires him to list " any contact " he or his Attorney General Jeff Sessions had with a foreign government or Attorney General Jeff Sessions representatives Attorney General Jeff Sessions the past seven years , officials said . Russian obtain a security clearance , a federal official is not required to list the meetings if they were part of a foreign conference he or she attended officials conducting government business .   Attorney General Jeff Sessions meetings , a federal official , do not appear to be tied to foreign conferences . Sessions is just the latest in a growing list of current and former Trump associates who have come under fire for being less than forthcoming about their past links to Russia .   Trump ’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn continues to make Trump despite saying he would invoke his Fifth Amendment rights rather than comply with former national security adviser Michael Flynn subpoena and former national security adviser Michael Flynn records about his meetings with Russian officials . The House Intelligence Committee has former national security adviser Michael Flynn subpoenas to Flynn and Trump ’s personal lawyer , Michael Cohen     seeking former national security adviser Michael Flynn testimony Trump as well as documents from their businesses . Flynn and Trump’s personal lawyer, Michael Cohen     leaders of the Senate ’s Russia investigation Flynn and Trump’s personal lawyer, Michael Cohen     they will continue to pursue critical documents from Flynn , issuing The leaders of the Senate additional subpoenas to a pair of businesses former national security adviser Michael Flynn ran . Previously , lawmakers have said the panel was former national security adviser Michael Flynn a range of options to compel Flynn The leaders of the Senate the documents , including holding him in contempt former national security adviser Michael Flynn Committee chairman Sen. critical documents said the former national security adviser Michael Flynn " could " call for Flynn to assert his right The leaders of the Senate in a public session former national security adviser Michael Flynn RELATED : former national security adviser Michael Flynn Michael Flynn lost his job in 23 days , People to former national security adviser Michael Flynn See CNN former national security adviser Michael Flynn list of the growing and diverse cast of characters who have played a role in this story . How we got here , Here is a timeline with everything you need to know about the key players in the    House story and their roles in some of the most pivotal moments so far . The firing of    FBI director James Comey was one of the most    moments . Here is how it played out . The latest   Secret document : The Washington Post published a story May 24 claiming that a secret document that officials said played a key role in    director Comey ’s handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation " has long been viewed within the FBI as unreliable and possibly a fake . " The Post ’s story sites   FBI " familiar with its contents . " Explosive testimony : Former CIA Director John Brennan and Trump ’s Director   FBI National Intelligence Dan Coats also made headlines as Brennan told lawmakers there was clear contact between Trump campaign aides and Russian operatives .   John Brennan almost the same time , Coats said Trump be willing to discuss later whether Trump leaned on him to push back National Intelligence Dan Coats Russia Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats . Here is more on what we Trump from their Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats testimony May 23 . Mueller and the secret Comey memos : CNN broke the story May 22 that Robert Mueller     the former FBI director now overseeing the Department of Justice ’s investigation into Russia ’s    meddling and contact with the Trump campaign     has been briefed on the contents Russia some of the memos that former FBI Director James Comey kept to document his conversations with Trump , according to a person familiar FBI the matter . Team Trump ’s former FBI Director James Comey war room " : Axios recently reported that the White House is preparing Trump an internal ,     operation aimed at developing a    and communications strategy in an attempt to keep up with the special counsel ’s Russia investigation . Manafort turns over documents : Paul Manafort , Trump ’s former campaign manager , turned over more than 300 pages of documents to the Senate intelligence Trump to its investigation of Russian election meddling , according to a source familiar with the Senate probe . Read CNN Trump story here .   Trump asked intelligence officials to deny evidence : The President asked two of the government ’s top intelligence chiefs Trump publicly deny evidence of cooperation between his Trump Russia during the 2016 election , multiple current and former US officials confirmed to CNN on May Trump . Read the full story .   CNN ’s Russia coverage , CNN has delivered reporting Read CNN analysis on some of the key moments throughout the    Read CNN . Russia is a Read CNN back at some of the developments to date .   January 10 , 2017 : Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him     Classified documents presented to President Barack Obama and    Trump Trump allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Trump , multiple US officials Trump direct knowledge of Russian briefings told CNN . Read more .   February 10 Trump 2017 : US investigators corroborate some aspects of the Russia dossier Read CNN US investigators said they corroborated some of the communications with foreign nationals detailed in a    dossier Russia by a US investigators intelligence agent US investigators multiple current and former US law enforcement and intelligence officials told CNN . As CNN first reported ,     Trump and Obama were briefed on the existence of the dossier before Read CNN ’s inauguration Read CNN Full story here . February 14 President Barack Obama 2017 : Trump aides were in Trump the Russia dossier     Trump officials during campaign       advisers close to    nominee Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US Russians , multiple current and former intelligence Trump Trump and administration officials told CNN . Read more .   February 24 , 2017 : FBI refused White House request to knock down recent    stories Read CNN FBI rejected a recent White House FBI to publicly knock down media reports about White House Trump   FBI and Russians known to US Russians during the 2016 presidential campaign , multiple US officials briefed on the Trump CNN . Read more . March 23 , 2017 : Info suggests Trump associates may have coordinated with Russians , US officials Russians     The FBI Read CNN information that indicates Trump associates communicated with suspected Russian operatives to Trump coordinate the release of   FBI to Hillary Clinton FBI campaign , US officials Hillary Clinton’s Full story here Trump April 18 , 2017 : FBI used dossier allegations to bolster    investigation     The FBI last year used a dossier of allegations Read CNN Russian ties to   FBI ’s campaign as last year the justification to win   FBI   FBI monitor a Trump associate , according to US officials briefed on the investigation . Trump . April 21 , 2017 : Sources : Russia tried to use Trump advisers to infiltrate campaign     Trump FBI gathered intelligence last summer that suggests Russian the special counsel’s Russia investigation to use Trump advisers , including Carter Page , to infiltrate Trump Russia campaign   FBI Trump to US officials . These officials made clear they do n’t know whether Page was aware the Russians Trump have Russians him . Full story .   Trump , 2017 : Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI ’s Russia US officials Federal prosecutors issued US officials jury subpoenas to Carter Page of former national security adviser Michael Flynn seeking business records as part   FBI probe of Russian meddling in former national security adviser Michael Flynn to people familiar former national security adviser Michael Flynn matter Russia CNN learned of the last year before Trump fired    director Comey . Read more . May 19 , 2017 : Sources : White House lawyers research impeachment     White House lawyers have begun researching impeachment procedures White House effort to prepare for what Read CNN believe is a distant possibility Trump Trump could have to fend off attempts to remove him from office , two people briefed on the discussions told CNN . Full story here . May 19 , 2017 : Russian officials bragged they could use Flynn     Russian officials bragged in conversations Trump the presidential campaign that they had cultivated a Trump relationship with former Trump adviser Flynn and believed they could former national security adviser Michael Flynn Read CNN influence Trump and his team , sources told CNN . Read more . May 19 , Russian officials former national security adviser Michael Flynn was trying former national security adviser Michael Flynn Russian him     The former former national security adviser Michael Flynn director now believes that Russian officials was trying to Trump his judgment about the Russia probe , a Russian officials familiar Trump his thinking Trump and Obama that Read CNN amounts to obstruction Comey justice remains an open question . Trump story Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats 2017 : AG Sessions did not disclose Russia meetings in security Trump form , DOJ says     Attorney General Sessions did Russia Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats meetings he had last year with Russian officials when he applied for his security clearance , the Justice Department told CNN . Read last year . May 30 , 2017 : Sources : Russians discussed potentially ’derogatory’ Russia Russians Trump and associates during campaign     Russian government officials discussed having potentially " derogatory " information about    candidate Trump and Attorney General Sessions of his top aides in conversations intercepted Attorney General Sessions US intelligence Attorney General Sessions the Read CNN election , according to two former intelligence officials and a congressional source . Read more . May Trump 2017 : Comey to testify publicly about Trump confrontations     Fired FBI director James Comey plans to testify publicly in the Senate on June 7th to confirm bombshell accusations that President Donald Trump the 2016 election end his investigation into a top Trump aide ’s ties to Russia , Comey source   FBI to the issue said . Comey Comey Trump Trump Trump Trump Senate Russia 