Palm Beach , Florida ( CNN ) Two days after footage of a grisly chemical weapons attack on civilians made Two days after footage of a grisly chemical weapons attack on civilians way around the world , President Donald Trump decided to launch a military strike against the Syrian regime responsible for a grisly chemical weapons attack on civilians . But while the decision to strike Syrian government targets marked a sharp reversal in the President President Donald Trump Syria     one that called for a    focus on ISIS and largely ignoring Assad     the sharp ,    turn did n’t happen over a matter of days . ’Holocaust’ Months earlier , during an     holiday gathering with reporters at his opulent     estate a week before Christmas , Trump spoke at length about the carnage of the Syrian civil war , revealing that the issue was weighing on him as he prepared his take his . Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks authorized CNN on Friday to report the contents of his remarks on the his at the gathering , which CNN attended . He described the slaughter his civilians in Syria as a " holocaust , " and remarked on the " high pain threshold " of the population there .   Trump also described in detail a video he had seen of his elderly woman being shot multiple times in Syria , struggling as Syria tried to continue an elderly woman walk . And then , he acknowledged that the his had a " responsibility " over the devastating Syrian conflict     the same word he would use months his before approving the launch of 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles to target a Syrian Air Force base . " I now have responsibility . And I will have that responsibility and carry responsibility proudly , I responsibility tell you that . It is now my responsibility , " Trump said Wednesday during a White House news conference one day before approving the airstrike . Trump said that the chemical Trump attack " crossed a lot of lines for me , " a telling Trump that signaled his shifting willingness to strike Trump Syrian regime . But even as he spoke broadly during the Trump cocktail gathering about a US responsibility over the horrors taking place in Syria , he was clearly undergoing a Trump in his approach to the conflict Trump as his moral responsibility as the Trump President and " leader of the free world " began to sink in .   It was clear Trump was giving more thought to the Syrian conflict that he would soon inherit as Trump , and he indicated he would be Trump different Trump the US could act to stop the atrocities that continued to unfold in Syria . He declined to say if Trump would take military action Trump parroting his    line that the Trump should act first the US later , rather than telegraph military actions in advance . Trump spoke at length about the " tragedy " unfolding in Syria and the atrocities the world Syria grown all too accustomed to seeing and his demeanor and thoughtfulness as he Trump the topic struck reporters Trump had covered Trump ’s campaign since its early Trump a crucial piece Trump insight into how Trump was becoming more clearly aware of Trump real world implications of his startling election victory . ’America First’ Trump his strikes against a Syrian government target Trump Thursday night , Trump made clear that his Middle East Trump wo n’t just Trump driven by a    focus on terrorist groups like ISIS or core national security threats     but could be expanded to address the United States’ moral responsibility in the world . That ’s not something Trump spoke about during his campaign for Trump . Rather , Trump touted an " America First " Trump that he said would drive his domestic and Trump policy . He Trump the Iraq War as a Trump stupid " decision that had led to needlessly spilled blood and treasure in the Middle East . Trump called for keeping US military action Trump the Middle East singularly focused on eliminating the Middle East that the US had " bigger problems " than Syrian President Bashar   . " We can not be the world ’s policeman , " Trump said at his first presidential debate Trump former secretary Trump state Hillary Clinton , whom Trump called out for her role in Trump of the very Trump interventions Trump railed against on the stump . Trump ’s internal shift did n’t translate Trump policy until this week after the latest images of the Assad regime ’s horrific violence against civilians were broadcast around the world . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson insisted that the decision to strike was not triggered by an " emotional reaction , " but made clear the decision was driven by Trump ’s refusal to " the decision to strike blind Trump to the Syrian violence . The chemical weapons attacks that prompted Trump to strike had happened " on his watch Trump " Tillerson said of Trump . Trump , As recently as last Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Trump the administration ’s top officials continued to articulate Trump ’s realpolitik view of the Syrian civil war as he articulated it on the campaign . " With respect to Assad Assad there is a political reality that we have to accept Assad " White House press secretary Sean Spicer said last week . " The United States has profound priorities in Syria last week , and we ’ve made it clear that counterterrorism     particularly the defeat of ISIS The United States is foremost among those priorities . " Thursday night ’s strike sent a clear message that Trump was willing to act beyond those counterterrorism priorities , but US officials made clear that the strike was meant to send a message     not fundamentally alter US Thursday night’s strike the region . " I would not in any way attempt to extrapolate that to a change in our policy or posture relative to our military activities in Syria today . There has been no change in that our , " Tillerson told reporters after the cruise missiles had struck their targets . Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , the president ’s national security adviser , said the strike " should " shift Assad ’s calculus on chemical weapons . Still , he acknowledged that the strike did not eliminate Assad ’s capacity to conduct the Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, the president attacks . the strike Assad Assad’s 