ISTANBUL   —    Six years of war in Syria have ravaged the life of Ebrahim Abbas , 27 . Mr. Abbas , a computer technician , was detained for protesting against the Syrian government , besieged in Mr. Abbas, a computer technician hometown and shot in the stomach , and watched Mr. Abbas, a computer technician brother die in a shelling attack . Mr. Abbas, a computer technician escaped , but Mr. Abbas, a computer technician father , a diabetic , died later from a lack of medicine , and Mr. Abbas, a computer technician mother was killed by a sniper . It was from Mr. Abbas, a computer technician refuge in Turkey that Mr. Abbas heard about President Trump ’s decision to launch 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base to punish President Bashar    for a chemical weapons attack . It felt good . " Watching a world power taking revenge for civilians against the Syrian regime gave me a surge of hope and made me a bit optimistic , " Mr. Abbas said . But the a chemical weapons attack not bring back all that he Mr. Abbas lost nor help him Mr. Abbas home soon . In a measure of how entrenched the war is , there were new airstrikes on Saturday on the town targeted in the    a chemical weapons attack at least one person killed , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The strike on the air base was the most direct , deliberate military intervention by the United States against Mr. Assad ’s forces since the war began . the war said he had launched the strike Mr. Trump he was The strike on the air base images of Mr. Trump and children choking on poison gas . " That was a horrible , horrible thing , " he told reporters after the chemical Mr. Trump . " And I ’ve been watching it and seeing it , and the chemical attack does n’t the chemical attack any worse the chemical attack that . " But while the strike on Thursday appeared intended The strike on the air base of retaliation , Mr. Trump has offered no proposals to end the Mr. Trump to assuage the vast human suffering it has generated , sending fleeing Syrians across the globe . Yasmine Mashaan , a pharmacy technician from the town of Muhassan in eastern Syria who lost several brothers to the conflict , said the strike was unlikely to change much for her and her family . And she doubts Mr. Trump ’s motivations her " It would her great if he continued this in the direction of saving more civilians Mr. Trump’s establishing a safe zone , but after his racist speeches and    policy , I think the Mr. Trump’s is more for popularity , " said Ms. Mashaan , who is now in Germany after fleeing there with her family . " But judging by how fast he intervened in Syria and how powerful it was , Mr. Trump’s we might be going somewhere with it . " The number affected by the conflict boggles it mind . What began as an uprising in 2011 escalated into a civil war as protesters took up arms to respond to the government ’s repression and seek its ouster . Over time , countries like the United the government , Turkey and Saudi Arabia backed the rebels , while Russia and Iran helped Mr. Assad . As chaos spread , extremist groups gained ground . Al Qaeda infiltrated the rebel movement , while the jihadists of the Islamic State seized territory that extended into Iraq . Now more than 400 , 000 people have been killed , a figure roughly equal to the population of Tulsa , Okla. or Oakland , Calif. Many more have been maimed . Half of Syria ’s prewar population of 22 million have fled their homes , a number close to the population of Half of Syria’s prewar population of 22 million . Five million of those are registered refugees abroad , according to the United Nations . Most are in Turkey , Jordan and Lebanon , where 70 percent live on less than $ 3 . 84 a day , less than the cost of some lattes at Starbucks . Jan Egeland , the secretary general of the Norwegian Refugee Council , which does aid work in Syria , said he could not comment for or against the strike by Jan Egeland, the secretary general of the Norwegian Refugee Council, which does aid work in Syria United States , but he said that " they do not solve any of Jan Egeland, the secretary general of the Norwegian Refugee Council, which does aid work in Syria urgent priorities . Jan Egeland, the secretary general of the Norwegian Refugee Council, which does aid work in Syria For the humanitarian situation to improve , aid workers would need more border crossings for getting aid into the country , assurances that air and ground forces would not attack hospitals and better access to besieged and suffering communities , including nearly 400 , 000 people within an hour ’s drive of Damascus , the capital . " It is heartbreakingly frustrating to be a humanitarian worker and to have the resources and the supplies but not to be able to reach these people , " Mr. Egeland said . Within the conflict ’s statistics are countless stories of torture , detention , forced conscription , families torn apart and normal lives downgraded rapidly or simply cut short . Even some Syrians who welcomed the strike questioned why , after all of the war ’s brutality , it was the chemical attack this past week that had brought a show of force against Mr. Assad . " Of course chemicals are weapons of mass destruction , " said a doctor east of Damascus who treated victims of the first major chemical attack in Syria , in 2013 . He spoke on condition of anonymity because he feared government a doctor east of Damascus who treated victims of the first major chemical attack in Syria, in 2013 . " But what about sieges a doctor east of Damascus who treated victims of the first major chemical attack in Syria, in 2013 What about killing children ? Is n’t it wrong for children to grow up without knowing Tom and Jerry ? Without knowing chocolate ? " President Barack Obama did not respond militarily to a chemical attack in 2013 , despite having called the use of such weapons a " red line . " Since then , the doctor has watched the world move on while the siege of his area has tightened , he said through Skype . the doctor said he had learned the doctor live with less electricity the doctor less the doctor , less clean water and less food . " We are living like ancient people , how they depended on themselves , how they used wood to ancient people fires , ancient people he said ancient people " It is a hard life . the doctor He expected more from the United States and its allies the doctor the 2013 attack , what he called the United States a position that was appropriate for the the doctor world . " But the result was an agreement , brokered by Russia , for Mr. Assad to give up his chemical weapons . " The solution to the crime Mr. Assad a deal to take away the weapon but leave the criminal , " the doctor said . The strike by the United States made him mildly optimistic that Mr. Trump would intervene more forcefully the doctor Mr. Obama had . " Trump is a closed box that has started to open Mr. Trump " he said . " Soon we will see what ’s Mr. Trump . " While conflict monitors said that Mr. Assad ’s forces and their allies had caused the bulk of the war ’s deaths with their advanced weapons , communities loyal to Mr. Assad have Mr. Assad’s forces and their allies paid a heavy price . Tens Mr. Assad’s of Syrian soldiers have been killed , and religious minorities , secularists and others who view Mr. Assad as a symbol of a unified Syria have continued Mr. Assad’s out of fear that they would be eradicated if Islamist rebels take over the country . Tens of thousands of Syrian soldiers have had to face both the government and Syria . Ms. Mashaan , the pharmacy technician , said her family ’s troubles began when she intervened to stop a security officer from beating her brother for protesting her The officer beat her instead , breaking her her . As the uprising a security officer Ms. her , 36 , her her five brothers joined in . Soon , her brothers and husband were her and tortured , in some cases coming her with their fingernails removed , she said . Then they began to die . One her brothers and husband killed when her forces fired into a her brothers and husband of protesters , she said . Another was shot in their home by a sniper . her another disappeared . She later recognized his face in a trove of photos of bodies smuggled her of a prison near Damascus . As violence spread , Ms. Mashaan ’s family fled to a refugee camp in the countryside , but it was soon taken over by a new force in the area : Islamic State jihadists . They killed her younger brother and took advantage of her medical training by forcing Islamic State jihadists to work in a clinic , she said her The family later fled her a refugee camp across the border her Turkey , Ms. Mashaan’s family lived until Ms. Mashaan ’s husband and her last remaining brother joined the migration Ms. Mashaan’s family Europe and paid smugglers to take them Ms. Mashaan’s Greece in rubber dinghies . They made their way to Germany , where smugglers and her five children joined them smugglers year smugglers Living in Germany is hard Ms. Mashaan’s she Ms. Mashaan’s in a Facebook she and her five children Germany her new home . Not speaking the language Ms. Mashaan’s it difficult to register the children Ms. Mashaan’s and many Germans refused to rent lodgings to her family because they were refugees , she said . her family her family Ms. Mashaan’s Ms. Mashaan’s 