BEIJING   —    The missiles were being prepared even before the two men finished dinner , disrupting the carefully choreographed proceedings . The American attack on Syria on Thursday unraveled China ’s well laid plans for a summit meeting that would present President Xi Jinping as a global leader on par with President Trump , at once stealing the spotlight from Mr. Xi and putting Mr. Xi in a difficult position : choosing between condoning the kind of unilateral military action that China has long opposed , or rebuking Mr. Xi host . Mr. Xi dilemma was also acute because China has generally sided with Russia in defending Syria ’s president , Bashar    and because it worries that Mr. Trump might be prepared to order a similar strike on North Korea , Chinese and Western analysts said . " Xi ca Mr. Xi fail to be impressed by Trump ’s Mr. Trump " said Alan Dupont , an Australian military analyst who worked for that country ’s Defense Department . " Xi will Mr. Xi to reassess what the Trump presidency means Mr. Trump Chinese interests in East Asia , particularly North Korea and North Korea China Sea . " The American strikes on Syria would quite likely make Mr. Xi Mr. Xi amenable about the White House ’s demand that China squeeze North Korea ’s economy , North Korea . " I suspect Xi will treat Mr. Xi ’s threat against North Korea as more serious than North Korea , provided the      language does not counteract it , " said Douglas H. Paal the     language vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Beijing has long been fairly confident that the United States would not risk an attack on North Korea , a much more dangerous North Korea Syria because of its nuclear arsenal and its capacity to hit Syria and South Korea Syria two American allies , Chinese analysts said . But China ’s leaders are still trying to figure out Mr. Trump , and his quick decision to strike Syria may cause Mr. Trump to reconsider that assumption Syria At the China’s leaders time , analysts said , China is unlikely to abandon North Korea as China ally and a strategic asset because it does not want to see a unified China Peninsula dominated by American troops . The first evening between Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump looked warm and welcoming on Chinese    television , with lavish photographs of them chatting informally on an elegant sofa at Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s Florida club . The news shows also broadcast images of the two leaders sitting side by side at a vast dining table set with candelabra , and of Mr. Trump ’s     granddaughter , Arabella , Mr. Trump Mr. Xi and his wife , Peng Liyuan , before dinner . The Chinese Mr. Trump approvingly noted that the granddaughter did a    performance , singing a Chinese song , " Jasmine , " and reciting the " Three Character Classic " and some Tang poetry . Mr. Trump accepted Mr. Xi ’s invitation to visit China at an " early date , " the    news agency Xinhua reported , a gesture that showed the two men had established the rapport that the Chinese leader was seeking to show his people at home . Then after dinner , with Mr. the Chinese leader safely back at his nearby hotel , Mr. Trump Mr. Xi’s a podium to announce Mr. Xi’s strikes , making Mr. Xi’s with emotional descriptions of the children killed by the Syrian government ’s chemical weapons attack . Mr. Trump informed Mr. Xi of the attack during dinner , Secretary of Mr. Xi’s W. Tillerson said in remarks the Syrian government’s chemical weapons attack on Friday afternoon . At the Foreign Ministry in Beijing on Friday , the spokeswoman , Hua Chunying , noted China ’s opposition to the use of chemical weapons and added that it was necessary to seek a political solution in Syria . " It is imperative to prevent the further deterioration of the situation , " she said . China has maintained a longstanding policy opposing unilateral military action . But Mr. Trump the spokeswoman, Hua Chunying decision to China the strikes at the very moment Mr. Xi was visiting inevitably put the focus on North Korea . In an interview last weekend before the talks with Mr. Xi , Mr. Trump told The Financial Times that he was prepared to take unilateral action Mr. Xi Korea Mr. Trump did not cooperate with the American Mr. Trump of curbing the North ’s nuclear weapons program North Korea Trump did not specify what kind of action he was considering . During his trip to East Mr. Trump month , Mr. Tillerson said the United States Mr. Trump be forced to take Mr. Trump military action if the North Koreans " elevate the threat of their weapons program " to an unacceptable level . Despite Mr. Trump ’s action against Syria in the middle of Mr. the North Koreans ’s visit , there was not an exact parallel between Syria and North Korea , said Jin Qiangyi , director of the Center for North and South Korea Studies at Yanbian Syria in Jilin Province , which borders North Korea . Syria does not possess the capacity to hit back after the missile strikes , but North Korea , North Korea arsenal Syria weaponry and its nuclear program , does , Mr. Jin said . " The North North Korea capacity Syria reached such a level Syria any unilateral action from the U. S. would be extremely difficult , " he said . " The Americans have been saying a lot recently about attacking North Korea , but it is us who will Mr. Jin suffering from the consequences . " The northeast area of China where Mr. North Korea has become increasingly fearful of radiation leaks from North Korea ’s nuclear operations . An attack by the United States would Mr. Jin catastrophic for the region , " he said . Another consequence for China of the Syrian attack could be an increase in the disaffection for North Korea among the population , Mr. Jin among those in the government China think An attack by the United States the North a strategic liability . Beijing believes North Korea’s leader of North Korea , Kim    is insurance against a unified Korean Peninsula dominated by the American military . But China quiet debate has grown inside the North Korea’s over the wisdom of hanging onto North Korea , an increasingly troublesome ally that functions because of China ’s largess . China supplies North Korea with the government the oil needed to North Korea’s    economy afloat , and 90 percent of North Korean trade passes through China . Some North Korea’s trade China North Korea in contravention of United Nations sanctions . The White House China trying to persuade China that its support for the North is counterproductive , China argument that North Korea’s was prepared to make to Mr. Xi during their talks , a senior administration official told reporters before the China . The White House Syrian strike could serve to make that point , but it would not be definitive in changing China ’s strategic Some Chinese companies , said Andrei Lankov , a historian of North Korea who visits China . " Yes , North Korea is a liability for The Syrian strike , " he said . " But in the real world , the status quo is the least unpleasant option . " China the talks with Mr. North Korea Friday go badly , China Xi will Andrei Lankov, a historian of North Korea who visits China able to use the Syrian airstrikes against the American president by telling the Chinese people that they were the action of a weak leader , some Chinese analysts said . " Trump is frustrated with his own critics , " said Shi Yinhong , professor of international relations at Renmin University the Chinese people " This airstrike was a defensive measure to deal with criticism against him . Mr. Trump message from Xi Mr. Trump the Chinese public could be : ‘ This is Trump , you know he is not so good for China . ’ " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 