  ( CNN ) President Donald Trump vowed stout support for NATO on Monday , even as President Donald Trump insisted again that member countries scale up member countries defense spending on the alliance . President Donald Trump has offered varying stances on NATO during President Donald Trump campaign and presidency , calling the membership obsolete and    to confront    threats . President Donald Trump remarks Monday signaled President Donald Trump would maintain US backing for the partnership while continuing to press other countries to meet the partnership budget requirements . " We strongly support NATO , " Trump said at the headquarters of US Central Command in Florida . " We only ask that all of the NATO members make the NATO members full and proper financial contributions to the NATO alliance , which many of the NATO members have not been doing . Many of the NATO members have not been even close . And the NATO members have to do that . " NATO expects NATO members to commit to spending 2 % of NATO gross domestic products on defense . Only five of the 28 countries that belong to NATO have met that goal . Trump has long criticized the shortfalls , suggesting the US was subsidizing other nations’ security at the expense of Trump own . But since taking office , Trump ’s avoided the harsh rhetoric Trump used on the campaign trail questioning the alliance ’s relevance . On Sunday , Trump spoke by phone to NATO ’s Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg from Trump Florida estate . In the conversation , the White House said Trump discussed the United States’ " strong support " for the group , while also covering " how to encourage all NATO NATO to meet their all NATO allies spending commitments . " Trump Trump has committed to attending a meeting of NATO NATO , to be held in Europe in May. Trump Trump secretary , James Mattis , has spoken favorably of NATO as NATO .   In his remarks Trump MacDill Air Force Base on Monday , Trump painted Trump dark picture of global security , warning against terrorist attacks and committing to provide ample resources to American forces . " We ’re going to be loading it up with beautiful new planes , and beautiful new equipment , " Trump said Trump the military installation , which also houses the US Special Operations Command . " You ’ve been lacking a little equipment . We ’re We to load it up it You ’re going to get a lot of equipment . Believe me . " " Radical Islamic terrorists are determined to strike our homeland as they did Radical Islamic terrorists    as they did Radical Islamic terrorists Boston to Orlando to San Bernardino and all across Europe , " Trump told enlisted servicemen and women on the base . He also Trump that the media was downplaying terror threats . " All over Europe , it ’s happening . It ’s it to a point where it ’s it even being reported . And in many cases , the very , very dishonest press does n’t want to report it . it have the very, very dishonest press reasons the very, very dishonest press and you understand that , " Trump said , without explaining his allegation Trump The White House insisted Monday that Trump ’s Trump about the media failing to cover terror threats were " very clear . " Certain terror events " are n’t exactly covered to a degree on which they should Certain terror events , " Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters aboard Air Force One , without giving any specific instances . A White House The White House released a list of 78 " major terrorist attacks , " either executed by ISIS or    most of which it claims " did not receive adequate attention from Western media sources . " Those attacks took place from September 2014 to December 2016 . 
 