  ( CNN ) By any conventional standard , Donald Trump just blundered through the worst three days of any presidential candidate in living memory . Showing a characteristic refusal to back down from a fight , Donald Trump took the almost unthinkable step of publicly escalating a feud with the parents of fallen US solider , Capt . Humayun Khan , who blasted Donald Trump last week ’s Democratic convention as unfit for the presidency .   And in an interview with ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos , Trump Donald Trump Russian President Vladimir Putin would n’t make a military move into Ukraine     even though Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin already done that by seizing the Crimean Peninsula in 2014 . In any normal political campaign , these stumbles would hobble Trump Donald Trump to pass the fabled commander in chief test , in which Americans take their measure Americans a candidate and decide whether he is a candidate to lead them . Americans no one needs reminding that 2016 is not a conventional political year .   Did Trump go Donald Trump far ? Trump ’s Donald Trump feuds and torching of political correctness have not doomed him . Donald Trump some cases , his behavior Donald Trump lifted him among Donald Trump who believe something elemental about their nation voters who believe something elemental about their nation being taken away and who want a candidate who will blow the political system     and political correctness     to smithereens . As if to make that point , Trump was Donald Trump Monday despite a backlash in his own Donald Trump over his apparently Donald Trump weekend . " This story is not about Mr. Khan , who is all over the place doing interviews , but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U. S. Get smart ! " Trump tweeted Donald Trump " Mr. Khan , who does not know me , viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T. V. doing the same    Nice ! " Trump said Donald Trump the Khans appeared on CNN ’s " New Day . " Obama ’s implicit rebuke , In an implicit rebuke of Trump ’s Donald Trump President Barack Obama Obama " no one has given more for our freedom and our security than our Gold our families , our who have lost loved ones in the line of duty . Without specifically referencing Trump ’s comments about the Khan family , Obama said Gold Star families Obama represent Gold Star best of our country . " " They America inspire us every Gold Star families and every moment , " Obama said during remarks to Obama veterans in Atlanta . " They serve as a powerful reminder Gold Star families the true strength of America . " It could be that the    chroniclers will identify this weekend as the moment Trump ’s campaign melted down , never to recover . After all , a candidate at this stage has to broaden his or her appeal , especially in a candidate at this stage states a candidate at this stage In particular , Trump ’s decision to target the family of a fallen hero appears to have the potential to weigh on the margins of the election in battleground states like North Carolina , Florida and Virginia , where large pockets of military voters and honored veterans are important . Get ready : The election is less than 100 days away , But given that Trump ’s faithful supporters have never found Trump desert him yet , it seems unlikely that his public showdown with Khizr and Ghazala Khan him a blind spot on Russia policy will cause them to dump him now . As they Trump’s faithful supporters up for him rally in Columbus Trump’s faithful supporters Ohio , Trump him did not all feel comfortable with his remarks but none showed any sign of him thoughts about him . Tom McClanahan said he felt bad him Captain Khan ’s father Tom McClanahan but believed Trump had been set up by the media Trump " I think it was just a trap and he kind of fell into it , " Tom McClanahan said . Michael Kawash it from Charleston Tom McClanahan West Virginia , said the story was being blown out of proportion by the media . ’He only goes up’ " the media trying to say this is a turning point ( at ) which his campaign starts to go down . Every time they do that , he only goes up , They he said . his Leis , a     teacher his Kettering , Leis said needed a filter because he always has his " mouth running . " his But Leis his he would still vote for the billionaire .   " If he just would ’ve thanked the family Leis their service and for the loss of their life , Leis would ’ve been better . But it the family n’t enough to make me say the family ’you know , I do n’t like this guy and I ’m going to go ahead and , you know , vote Hillary’ . It ’s something I could n’t do . " But outside of Trump ’s loyal supporters , the key question is whether the bulletproof image that Trump maintained during the primary work as well in a general election ?   A new    poll Trump Clinton leading Trump 52 % to 43 % in a     matchup . He has again put leaders of his Trump party in a no win position     and that could Clinton a problem if it comes Clinton a point later on when they face a decision of whether to cut the nominee loose in a bid to preserve congressional majorities leaders of his own party Once again they have been forced to choose between rebuking a nominee who destroyed the most talented GOP primary field leaders of his own party a generation and won the votes of millions of Republicans they need to show up in November or of tarnishing their own political brands . That ’s why millions of Republicans when House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority leader millions of Republicans McConnell issued statements on Sunday , they implicitly condemned Trump ’s comments but did not mention their nominee by name . Condemnation , It House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell only as the furor barreled into Monday , with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell fueling the fire , that the condemnations of Trump became more specific , notably from two party Trump’s who are walking a knife edge in their Trump’s    races because of the uproar Trump has fanned . Arizona Sen. John McCain , who had never before taken the bait following Trump Trump’s denigration last year of torment as a prisoner of war in Vietnam , issued a long Trump’s statement . McCain : Trump defamed Khan , does not represent GOP , " In recent days , Donald Trump disparaged a fallen Trump’s ’s parents . He has suggested that the likes of their son should Trump’s allowed in the United States   —    Trump’s say nothing of entering its service ’s parents " McCain wrote . " I can not emphasize enough how deeply I disagree with Mr. Trump Trump’s statement . I McCain Americans understand that the remarks do not represent the views of our Republican Trump’s officers , or candidates . " " My sons serve today , and I ’m proud of them . My youngest Trump’s in the war that claimed Captain Khan ’s life as well as in Afghanistan . I want My sons to be proud of me . I want to do the right thing by them and their comrades , " McCain My sons . " In the ’m , I am morally bound to speak only to My sons things My sons command my allegiance , and to which I have dedicated my life ’s work : the Republican Party , and more importantly , the United States of America . I will not refrain from doing my utmost by those lights simply because it may benefit others with whom I disagree . " With those words , McCain seemed to make a case why ultimately Republicans should be ready to lose an election if they see their candidate as McCain to everything they believe . Sen. Roy Blunt , who is up for reelection in November Republicans also Republicans his son ’s own war Republicans . " My advice to Donald Trump has been and will continue to be to focus on jobs and national security and stop responding to every criticism whether it ’s from a grieving family or Hillary Clinton , " Blunt said . Meanwhile , Jeb Bush ’s top adviser , Sally Bradshaw , has left the Republican Party to become an independent , and says if the presidential race in Florida is close , she ’ll vote for Hillary Clinton . She told CNN ’s Jamie Gangel in an email interview that the GOP is " Jeb Bush’s a crossroads and Hillary Clinton a total Jeb Bush’s     a misogynist     a bigot . " Retired Lt . General Michael Flynn , who supports Trump , said Donald Trump though he disagreed with him on a lot of things , he agreed that the current controversy was taking away the focus from the Retired Lt. General Michael Flynn, who supports Trump threat to Retired Lt. General Michael Flynn, who supports Trump     the spread of radical Islam Retired Lt. General Michael Flynn, who supports Trump He told CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer he had " no doubt " that the GOP nominee was still prepared to be     citing Retired Lt. General Michael Flynn, who supports Trump strength CNN ability to listen Retired Lt. General Michael Flynn, who supports Trump advice the nominee and his " vision of the GOP direction that this the nominee needs to go . " America Priebus , the Republican National the nominee chairman , told Blitzer on " The Situation Room " that it ’s " up to Donald Trump " to decide whether to apologize to the Khan family . Wolf Blitzer Hindsight the Khan family said . " But obviously I am who I Trump’s and I ’m talking for the party , and I believe these Gold Star families are off limits , and they ’re to be loved and cherished and honored . " Priebus added : the Republican Party do n’t go there , and I do n’t go there . Donald Trump these Gold Star families going to speak for Donald Trump . I mean , Priebus wants to defend himself , and it ’s understandable . But look , like Trump’s before , this is a family Trump’s grieving and they have a Trump’s to and we Trump’s an obligation to honor them and to love them and to cherish them . That ’s where I come from that ’s where our a family that is grieving comes from . " 
 the Republican Party a family that is grieving a family that is grieving a family that is grieving 