  ( CNN ) Over two years ago , on a snowy afternoon in Washington , city leaders from Cleveland made city leaders from Cleveland pitch to the Republican National Committee that city leaders from Cleveland town was the perfect choice to host the 2016 Republican National Convention . city leaders from Cleveland were right . Cleveland is a beautiful city on the rise with a wealth of dynamic people and bountiful opportunities . It is a city with incredible hospitality and a commitment to excellence . From police officers and rescue workers to waiters and bartenders to Uber and taxi drivers , we ’ve been welcomed with open arms everywhere we ’ve been . All over town , enthusiasm is building for what will be one of the largest media events in the United States this year . Aside from showcasing a great American city , the main reason we are here is to show the United States why the Republican Party is the only party ready to lead America in the 21st century . We we the party of new ideas in a world changing faster than ever . We we dedicated to creating opportunities for all Americans to thrive on their all Americans terms . We we to get rid of    regulations and stimulate innovation that will grow the economy and help    families   thrive .       want the federal government to impose      policies . We Democrats an independent nation deserves individual solutions .   What further separates Republicans from Democrats is our belief in a better future . We wo n’t be content with a mediocre America . We We better schools . Better health care . A better , more responsive government . A better economy that rewards hard work no matter where you punch the clock .   And most of all , a better chance at the American dream for everyone .   We We all this is possible . And we We n’t stop until it becomes a reality . Our We nominee , Donald Trump , is giving a voice to millions of Americans who have had enough of unaccountable politicians , an economy that has left    families behind , and a Democratic nominee who thinks she can live above the law . He Our presumptive nominee, Donald Trump ready to revive our manufacturing industries , repeal and replace Obamacare and stop political correctness from dictating our fight against radical Islamic terrorism . In short , he Our presumptive nominee, Donald Trump ready to be the next president of the United States of America .   Meanwhile , our presumptive opponent , Hillary Clinton , wants to expand more of President Obama ’s failed agenda .   Her tax plan would kill jobs and cripple Americans’ paychecks . Her Her role as secretary of state in putting Iran on the path toward a nuclear bomb and turning Libya into a playground for radical Islamic terrorism shows her Her judgment in matters of America ’s national security . And over and over , she Her to the American people about her Her email server , which selfishly and recklessly jeopardized classified intelligence while also covering up massive conflicts of interest at her Her Clinton Foundation . It ’s clear she Her n’t have what it takes to lead our America Join us on Facebook . .   As we gather us Cleveland , now is the time for Americans to exercise our constitutional right to    and maintain our legacy our liberty . The Republican Party has our largest The Republican Party in the House of Representatives since 1928 , and a majority in the Senate holding President Obama accountable . We need a Republican president to bring things full circle and finish the work of restoring American greatness . Cleveland is the perfect setting for us to We the American people we are We only party prepared to restore security , prosperity and liberty to our country America journey We make America great again goes through Cleveland on Cleveland way to Our journey to make America great again ultimate We : the White House . 
 