’   ’ ’    Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus want everyone to know everything    between Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus is all good . ’ "    President Donald Trump ’s chief strategist and President Donald Trump chief of staff    sat down together in a rare joint appearance Thursday at the    Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland , aiming to    get that point across in a    discussion . " ’    Interviewed by the chairman of the American Conservative Union ,    Matt Schlapp , the two attempted to shut down reports of discord    between " ’   Interviewed by the chairman of the American Conservative Union,   Matt Schlapp while painting the news media , as Bannon repeatedly    called    , as " the opposition party . " ’ ’    The two gave off a friendly vibe onstage , with Priebus even    gently touching Bannon’ ’s arm at one point . Priebus said Priebus loves    " how many collars Priebus wears , " poking fun at the chief strategist’ ’s    sense of style , while Bannon complimented the chief of staff on    being a hard worker and later admitted that he himself " runs a    little hot " on occasion . ’ ’    Asked about the biggest misconceptions about the Trump White    House , Priebus , touching on reports of tension between the two    administration leaders , said " everything " had been misreported . ’ ’’ ’    " I think the biggest misconception is everything that you’’re    reading , " you’’re    told Schlapp . ’ ’    Bannon doubled down . you’’re    said that " if you look at how the    opposition party portrayed " Trump during you’’re    candidacy , as      and as president , " it’ ’s all wrong . " ’ "    Since Trump ’s election , several reports have painted a picture of    a split within the White House between staffers loyal to Bannon    and others loyal to Priebus . " "    When Michael Flynn resigned last week as national security    adviser following bombshell reports about Michael Flynn communications with    Russian officials regarding sanctions , major    sites    such as Breitbart News and InfoWars said Priebus was the source    of leaks coming from the White House . Bannon ’s    campaign in August after leading Breitbart ’s news operation ,    criticized Breitbart ’s story on Breitbart’s . " ’    On Thursday , Bannon said the media was weeping on November 8 when    Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton lost to Trump . ’ ’    " If you think [ the media is ] going the media you your country back    without a fight , you’’re sadly mistaken , " he said , adding that the you’’re news media is " corporatist , " " globalist , " and opposed to Trump’ ’s    " economic nationalist " agenda . ’ ’    He said the major planks of you’’re Trump agenda include a focus "economic nationalist" agenda security and " sovereignty , " economic nationalism   —    which    includes trade reform   —    and a deconstruction of " the    administrative state . " ’ ’    " Hold us accountable for delivering what we promised , " Bannon    told the us . ’ ’Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus want everyone . .. Bannon    ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 