  After spending Friday searching for him , we met with Mayor Roger Claar of Bolingbrook , Ill. at City Hall . him had been a bit difficult for we to locate since a    him helped organize for Donald J. Trump became an issue in the village ’s mayoral race . BOLINGBROOK , Ill.   —   It was supposed to be an easy glide to yet another term for the longtime mayor of this suburb of Chicago . But then Mayor Claar helped throw the    and things got complicated . Jackie Traynere , 54 , a labor organizer , is mounting an ambitious challenge against Mayor Claar . Here ’s the story of one village election on Tuesday that has become as much about Mr. Trump as the candidates on the ballot . • Ms. Traynere was so mad about the    event last fall that Ms. Traynere decided to run against Mr. Claar . The Democratic apparatus in Illinois   —    senators , members of Congress , you name it   —    is lining up behind Ms. Traynere . • Mr. Claar had n’t answered our interview requests , so we our been hoping to catch up with him Mr. Claar . • Finally , we our with him Mr. Claar City Hall   —    he Mr. Claar not regret the    though he Mr. Claar been disappointed by the reaction . Here ’s how the search unfolded . A little about Bolingbrook , 30 miles southwest of Chicago : About 74 , 000 people live here and it ’s fairly diverse . The mayor ’s race is officially nonpartisan , and usually only several thousand people show up to vote . But with a challenger to Mr. Claar and all the attention on the The mayor’s race this year could be different . The " Rog Mahal "   —    also known as the Bolingbrook Golf Club   —    was the scene of the    for Mr. Trump . It was The "Rog Mahal"  —   also known as the Bolingbrook Golf Club  —    by the city for $ 36 million in 2002 , according to The Chicago Tribune , and many people in Bolingbrook see it as The "Rog Mahal"  —   also known as the Bolingbrook Golf Club  —    sign of lavish excess . Mayor Claar ’s election HQ is along a stretch of strip shopping centers , tucked between an optometrist ’s office and a cellphone store . Campaign signs are plastered on the glass doors , and little wooden Uncle Sams decorate the entry . Three workers are milling around . One of them : Three workers mayor ’s wife . Ms. Claar Mayor Claar’s but said she had nothing Mayor Claar’s add about how the campaign was Campaign why Mayor Claar might not want to meet . Onward . Around here , Mayor Claar has plenty Mayor Claar Mayor Claar Everyone seems to know him . He ’s been Mayor Claar through Mayor Claar village ’s expansion . Subdivisions have replaced cornfields . The population has almost doubled since 1990 , and Mayor Claar has been there Mayor Claar Mayor Claar . At Sophia ’s The population Pancakes , Ms. Traynere is meeting with supporters over club sandwiches and bowls of soup . She seems energetic and talks fast , Ms. Traynere she also says she ’s starting to Ms. Traynere down with Ms. Traynere cold as her campaign reaches the homestretch . Her Ms. Traynere about her competitor , the Ms. Traynere ? She Ms. Traynere the village ’s debt is Ms. Traynere high . She says he runs the whole village Ms. Traynere —    top to bottom   —    and that he can be a " bully . he But most of all , she says the Trump event turned her Ms. Traynere . " Trump ’s own Ms. Traynere , " she says are what threw some residents Ms. Traynere for a loop . Bolingbrook is 20 percent black , 25 percent Hispanic and 11 percent Asian   —    a big change , she says , from when she was Ms. Traynere up here . " Ms. Traynere way he talks about minorities , " she says , " that ’s not Ms. Traynere we experience in our community . That just does n’t we with our town . " She goes on we " When people Ms. Traynere that that was the mayor who brought him here , that definitely turned their head to think , ‘ hmm people maybe I ought to look at a few other things . ’ " But why is such an array of prominent Democrats lining up behind her for a little municipal race ? Ms. Traynere say it seems a bit much . Her supporters do n’t seem the least Ms. Traynere troubled by all the backing , though . They ’re thinking more about the mayor Her supporters the   . Off to City Hall   —    we need to find Mayor Claar . After a wait in the lobby of Bolingbrook ’s municipal building , Mr. Claar suddenly appears in the doorway Mayor Claar Claar has gotten word of our search Mayor Claar , and is actually clutching a printout of Mayor Claar story we have been writing today . For the record our he acknowledges that he has gotten our earlier phone Mayor Claar and email Mayor Claar for interviews our but says that he simply had not wished to talk to us Mayor Claar That said , he shows us to our conference room and patiently Mayor Claar more our half an hour of questions . The mayor says that the    he helped throw for Mr. Trump is the essential The mayor that he finds himself with such a    race . Mr. Trump does Mr. Trump regret the   . Not at Mr. Trump , he says . But he adds : " I Mr. Trump disappointed that some Mr. Trump will take that one thing over 31 years and that ’s it . " 
 