Washington   ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Saturday pushed back against Hillary Clinton ’s efforts to link Donald Trump to the Ku Klux Klan . The Republican nominee retweeted a supporter ’s post that The Republican nominee " said a KKK member was her mentor . " And speaking later in Des Moines , Iowa , Donald Trump dredged up Hillary Clinton’s ’s use of the term " super predators " in the 1990s to argue that Hillary Clinton’s , not Clinton , offered    the best choice for president . Presidential candidates often misled by crowds they draw Presidential candidates Trump ’s retweet and his latest Trump’s to black voters capped off a week of increasingly ugly and racially charged accusations between the two leading presidential candidates , during which Trump called Trump’s a " bigot " and the Democratic nominee charged that Trump ’s Trump’s built on " prejudice and paranoia " while also tying him to the KKK . " @DiamondandSilk : Crooked Hillary getting desperate . On TV bashing Trump . @CNN Trump’s she forgot how @CNN said a @CNN member was her mentor , @CNN Trump tweeted Saturday Trump’s Lynette Hardaway and Rochelle Richardson     better known as Diamond and Silk , two    sisters supporting Trump who frequently Trump’s at his rallies     a KKK member to CNN that the tweet referred to the late West Virginia Sen. Robert Byrd , a former KKK member whom Clinton mourned in 2010 as " a true American original , my friend and mentor . " " Donald J. Trump ca n’t help who embraces his campaign but Donald J. Trump Clinton could Clinton who she embraced , " Clinton duo said in a statement to CNN . A Trump spokesman , Jason Donald J. Trump , declined to comment , and a message left with Clinton ’s campaign was Clinton . Trump ’s surrogates in recent Donald J. Trump have pointed to Clinton ’s relationship with Byrd Clinton to accusations that Trump ’s campaign stokes racial tensions Donald J. Trump night , Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes also cited Donald J. Trump , telling CNN ’s Anderson Cooper Byrd " ( Clinton ) sat there and praised Clinton Byrd saying that he was her Byrd that he should Byrd respected and he was a Byrd of the KKK . Byrd And on Friday , Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany , speaking to CNN ’s Jim Sciutto on " The Lead CNN " said Trump ’s campaign was not engaging in Clinton ’s " gutter politics . " " You have heard no language to this level coming out of the Trump campaign , " McEnany said . " They could be digging into her past with Robert Byrd . " Accusations McEnany bigotry , On Wednesday , Trump flatly labeled Clinton a " bigot who sees people of Clinton only as votes , not as human beings worthy of a better future . " The Democrat soon after told Cooper that Trump " courted white supremacists " and " Trump someone who is very much peddling bigotry and prejudice and paranoia . " The next day , she gave a speech in Nevada accusing Trump Cooper " taking hate groups mainstream and helping a radical fringe take over the Republican Party . " Her running mate , Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine Cooper picked up on that line of attack Friday , saying Trump was " pushing " the values of Trump KKK . He backed away from the comments on Saturday Trump telling reporters in Florida that Trump has some supporters " connected " with Trump KKK who are " claiming him . " Trump has described such attacks Trump attempts to Trump smear " his supporters . And recently , he ’s Trump to reach out to    Trump , describing black communities as filled with high crime and high unemployment and asking , " What the hell do you have to lose ? " Trump sought again on Saturday to draw    Trump     a reliably Democratic demographic     to his campaign , noting that " Republicans are Trump party of Abraham Lincoln " and arguing that minorities would benefit from his presidency . " Nothing means more to Trump than working to make our party the home of the    vote once again , " Trump said while speaking before a nearly    audience at Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst ’s " Roast and Ride " event . At the same event , he referenced Clinton ’s "Roast and Ride" event term " super predators " in 1996 to describe violent criminals , a term widely seen as racist and that Clinton has said she regretted using . " By the Clinton , how Clinton people have forgotten that Hillary Clinton called black youth ’super predators.’ Remember that ? Clinton And they were very , very insulted , but now people have forgotten , " Trump said . Meanwhile , Clinton , in a statement Saturday commemorating the 53rd anniversary of Clinton March on Washington , said " the stakes in this election are unlike any we have faced before . " " Those brave men and women who marched , and sat , and bled for civil rights in American must not have done so in vain , " Clinton said , though she did not mention Trump ’s name Clinton Byrd and the Clinton , Before entering Trump , Byrd helped organize a    chapter of the Klan in Sophia , Byrd Virginia , in the early 1940s . He was chosen as the group ’s leader .   Byrd wrote Byrd his autobiography that he " reflected the fears and Byrd " of Byrd years and Byrd he mainly joined the Klan because he identified with the hate group Byrd    politics .   As Byrd senator , Byrd spent more than 14 hours filibustering the 1964 Civil Rights Act Byrd a decision he later regretted . " I saw the act in the kaleidoscope Byrd life , liberty and property , " he told CNN ’s Dana Bash in 2006 . " That was Byrd different time . I ’m from the South , grew up in a Southern home . .. and it was that Southern atmosphere in which I grew up and with all of its prejudices and its feelings . " Byrd told Bash he considered his involvement with its KKK " the greatest mistake of Byrd life Byrd " He said he hoped young people learned from the mistakes of his Byrd . Byrd even went so far as to apologize to Byrd . Barack Byrd in 2005 for his Klan membership . 
 Byrd 