West Chester , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) Thirty minutes before he ’d face    constituents in a Saturday afternoon town hall here , Rep. Ryan Costello looked out the window of Rep. Ryan Costello office .   " Give us his Rep. Ryan Costello returns , " he Rep. Ryan Costello , reading a passerby protester ’s sign . " A    now is telling me about it A    " Costello Rep. Ryan Costello five minutes later as another man skated by .   Costello Rep. Ryan Costello so attuned to those protesting him Rep. Ryan Costello in an interview , he Rep. Ryan Costello out the schedules of each of the groups that protest outside his Rep. Ryan Costello in West Chester ’s town center daily and weekly . " On good days there ’s 50 on bad days there ’s 15 , " he Rep. Ryan Costello .   Costello Rep. Ryan Costello asked the local chapter of Indivisible , a group opposed to President Donald Trump ’s agenda , to delay its the local chapter of Indivisible, a group opposed to President Donald Trump noon Saturday protest by two hours to avoid a conflict with a military academy nomination event . It ’s agenda, to delay its planned noon Saturday protest by two hours to avoid a conflict with a military academy nomination event .   " Hopefully there will be more , " he Rep. Ryan Costello , looking outside shortly after 2 p. m. ET . " The more people , the better . It ’s agenda, to delay its planned noon Saturday protest by two hours to avoid a conflict with a military academy nomination event democracy . "   That Costello Rep. Ryan Costello paying such close attention to progressive protesters underscores the pressure he Rep. Ryan Costello other more moderate Republicans in swing districts are feeling from an energized Democratic base as House Republican leadership and the White House to discuss repealing Obamacare .   Costello Rep. Ryan Costello in Philadelphia ’s western suburbs voted in favor of Hillary Clinton over Trump by 1 percentage point     and though Costello won Rep. Ryan Costello second Rep. Ryan Costello by 14 points , in a swing region he ’s Rep. Ryan Costello to be a Democratic target in the 2018 midterms .   Costello did Rep. Ryan Costello directly criticize the House GOP ’s most conservative elements     even as he rejected Rep. Ryan Costello tenets in their push to undo Obamacare ’s protections for those with    conditions and its mandated    for " essential " health benefits , which include such things as maternity and mental health care .   " If you ’re going to be a governing majority in the House Republicans , we have to work through this stuff , " Costello said . " And I get concerned . ..    can diminish our ability we marshal legislation forward . "   " I tend to be very factual and very patient , particularly on something this complex , " he said Costello    As the GOP attempts to find a path forward on health care , some Republican lawmakers have dismissed the intense ,    backlash    town halls     particularly in competitive districts like Costello ’s     as ginned up by partisan activists affiliated with progressive groups such as MoveOn . org .   But on Saturday , Costello embraced Costello activists     even as he dodged Costello question on Trump ’s tax returns and refused the crowd ’s pleas to embrace a    " Medicare for all " health care system .   " How about that   ? " he asked Costello crowd of a woman ’s " Nevertheless she persisted a woman shirt     a slogan embraced by the left since Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell used the phrase to admonish firebrand Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren .   " Look at that pin ! " he told Costello crowd the crowd of a woman questioner approached wearing an    " Resist " pin on her shirt . a woman Costello was quick to break with Trump on some issues . He called a Costello border wall impractical , said Trump ’s budget Trump have " any chance of passing " the House and criticized the President for seeking to cut health research funding .   When asked how he could condone Costello US bombing of Syria but turn away those fleeing violence there , Costello broke sharply Costello Trump over his decision Trump Costello admitting Syrian refugees .   " Good question , " Costello said . Costello I do n’t . " But he was sharply Costello when he offered what Costello in attendance saw as a dodge to a question about whether he ’d support Costello requiring Trump to disclose his Trump returns Costello   " I think the President should disclose his taxes , " the President said . Costello I have n’t seen even what the bill says , his taxes think you ’re going to have an issue of making a law retroactive in terms of compliance . "   He ignored shouted Costello from attendees about whether Congress could subpoena Trump ’s tax returns Trump require them in future elections . Trump’s tax returns The toughest questions     and most of the audience ’s energy     were reserved for health care .   Costello backed Trump Costello House Speaker Trump Ryan ’s bill to repeal Obamacare in the House Energy and Commerce Committee .   But he was among Costello more moderate Republicans to bristle at changes sought by the    conservative House Freedom Caucus to undercut Obamacare ’s prohibition on insurers Obamacare higher rates for those with    conditions and the law ’s mandate that insurers cover some essential health benefits .   One woman said that through Obamacare ’s coverage , she Obamacare 35 a month One woman prescription drugs to treat a disease     which she did not name . Those One woman would cost $ 750 prescription drugs to treat a disease    which she did not name out of pocket , she said .   Within weeks One woman Obamacare ’s repeal , she said Obamacare I will be One woman . "   " I ’d like to know if you ’re going to come to my funeral , " she asked Costello .   Costello said One woman has " deep concerns " Costello eliminating Costello coverage without price hikes for those with    conditions     something the House Freedom Caucus sought     calling it a " dangerous path . "   " I want to come to your birthday , " he told the woman . 
 Costello 