Hard on the heels of the FBI ’s revelation that Hillary Clinton withheld at least 30 emails potentially related to the Benghazi attack from the State Department , comes the potentially even more devastating discovery that Hillary Clinton was still sending classified material through Hillary Clinton secret , unsecured private email server after Hillary Clinton left the State Department . [ The New York Post reports :   On May 28 , 2013 , months after stepping down as secretary of state , Hillary Clinton sent an email to a group of diplomats and top aides about the " 123 Deal " with the United Arab Emirates . But the email , which was obtained by the Republican National Committee through a Freedom of Information Act request , was heavily redacted upon its release Freedom of Information the State Department because it contains the State Department information . The markings on the email state it will The markings on the email state declassified on May 28 , 2033 , and that information in the note is being redacted because it contains the note information regarding foreign governors " and because it contains the note Foreign relations or foreign activities of the United States , including confidential sources . " The email from Clinton was sent from the email account   —    hrod17@clintonemail . com   —    associated with her private email server . The email The email from Clinton Deputy Secretary of State William Burns , diplomat Jeffrey Feltman , policy aide Jake Sullivan , diplomat Kurt Campbell , State Department chief of staff Cheryl Mills , and Clinton aide Huma Abedin . " Hillary Clinton ’s mishandling Clinton information was so pervasive , it continued after she left Hillary Clinton’s mishandling of classified information . She Clinton ca n’t be Clinton with our nation ’s security , " said Republican National Committee research director Raj Shah . " Hillary Clinton ’s secret server jeopardized our national security and sensitive diplomatic efforts on more than 2 , 000 occasions , and shockingly , it now appears her reckless Hillary Clinton’s secret server continued even Clinton leaving the State Department . Hillary Clinton ’s terrible judgment Hillary Clinton’s be trusted with our national Hillary Clinton’s , " said Jason Miller , senior communications adviser for Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign . The FBI is expected to release its full Clinton investigation report to the public The FBI , Hillary Clinton’s with its notes on Clinton ’s voluntary interview with The FBI agents . Hillary Clinton’s will be interesting to The FBI how the Bureau looked at Clinton ’s failure to submit official correspondence , as Hillary Clinton’s law , in defiance of documents she signed under penalty of perjury   …      and Hillary Clinton’s willful destruction of such documents with advanced    software Hillary Clinton’s whose manufacturer is currently bragging that it helped Hillary Clinton thwart the FBI   …      whose manufacturer by Hillary Clinton’s of classified material as a private citizen   … Hillary Clinton’s and yet somehow concluded she should not be referred to the Justice Department for indictment Hillary Clinton’s 
 