Last week , I explained how the Trump administration could exceed my expectations and asked Donald Trump supporters to lay down Donald Trump supporters own markers . What would it take for Donald Trump supporters to change Donald Trump supporters minds and stop supporting the president ? The first batch of responses included two emails that stood out as particularly useful . Together , The first batch of responses illustrate political challenges that Trump will face as Trump tries to hold on to the very different sorts of supporters who form Trump coalition . Brendan , an immigration hawk from Colorado , represents one part of Trump ’s base : I am a first time voter , 19 , and Trump would have to back down on Trump campaign promises for me to not support Trump . I am already a bit nervous about some of Trump cabinet appointments , such as the Goldman Sachs bankers and the establishment neoconservatives like John Bolton John Bolton has chosen . I feel like the wall , and John Bolton strong    immigration stance , are John Bolton signature policy proposals , and John Bolton would have to cave to pressure from establishment    Republicans and betray John Bolton immigration policies John Bolton laid out in John Bolton AZ speech . John Bolton    policies and ideas are very important to my family and I as well . Finally , and perhaps most importantly , John Bolton has to appoint conservative ,    SCOTUS judges . Really , for me it comes down to the immigration , trade , and   SCOTUS issues . If John Bolton betrays any of those , or otherwise starts acting like another Bush or like Marco Rubio , or John McCain , or Lindsey Graham , I ’ll feel betrayed . Trump can tweet as much as Trump wants though    …      to me it ’s hilarious , even if not exactly presidential . You probably think the things I support about Trump are the worst things about Trump , but that ’s exactly why most of my conservative family and I support Trump ( I ’m not popular in college ) . Since Reagan ( and not even Reagan , to be honest ) we have n’t had a GOP President actually follow through with     ideas that the base actually wants . The GOP base , and myself , never wanted " immigration reform , " The GOP base, and myself wanted less immigration , and not a hint of amnesty . We ’ve never been for unlimited free trade , but for some reason politicians have always considered it sacred .   I do n’t want compromise anymore , I want to win ! Anyways , I just wanted to say what I think Trump ’s core supporters , from the very beginning , will want Trump to do    …      it probably is n’t what the ’moderates’ RINOs and liberals want    …      sorry . Among other things , Brendan ’s email is a reminder that    fault lines remain with us . ( Trump ’s mistaken , though , to say that Trump has named Bolton to a position in Trump administration . ) Yes , Trump prevailed over Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio , Ted Cruz , John Kasich , and Lindsey Graham in primaries . At the same time , Trump lost the popular vote and enters office with a historically low approval rating , while those rivals are or were popular elected officials in Florida , Texas , Ohio , and South Carolina . Figures like popular elected officials in Florida, Texas, Ohio, and South Carolina are sprinkled throughout the Republican Senate . ( John McCain is 80 and just won a    term . Surely Trump ca n’t threaten Trump . ) Insofar as the     agenda and the agenda preferred by Trump base are irreconcilable , conflict is likely . Trump Trump probably finesse differences on judges . Immigration and    disagreements will prove harder to resolve . And Trump Trump is complicated by another sort of voter in his coalition Trump represented in the next reader email . Its author Trump Mike , who qualifies as a moderate . Mike began by explaining why he voted Mike : Trump believes Mike the press was going out of its way the press prevent Trump from Trump elected that the women accusing him of Trump assault were lying to stop his candidacy Trump that Trump was Trump portrayed as racist . " He used Mike make all kinds of contributions to Al Sharpton ’s charity , which went towards the African American community , " he wrote Mike   " He use Mike pal around with Jesse Jackson . He ’s Mike with Don King   Muhammad Ali , and Mike Tyson . .. Surprisingly enough , he voted Mike Obama in 2008 , when he was Mike liberal or democrat , and made contributions to Hillary Clintons campaign . " Mike voted Mike Tyson Barack Obama Obama 2008 . In 2016 , Mike was Mike Tyson Bernie Sanders supporter , " but since the DNC and the Clinton campaign screwed Bernie I could n’t vote for him , " Bernie explained , Bernie that what he saw as Bernie dirty political tactics " by Clinton and the Clinton cemented his vote . Bernie I do n’t think Trump is a Republican , " he said , Bernie I think he is more Bernie then people believe . I also think he wants to Bernie a war with Russia , which is good . " In fact , Mike ’s account Bernie what would make him stop supporting Bernie includes a Trump lot of policies that many Republican members of Congress would love to see enacted : What would make me change my mind about Trump ? That Trump be a big no for me . ( Bernie do n’t worry about Obamacare , the truly needy have state run Medicaid programs   however I have nothing against it either . I hope he changes what Trump bad about it and keeps it is good like he has discussed Trump ) This sort of Trump supporter is Trump to any reporter who wandered America conversing with voters , but a lot of people in blue enclaves can hardly conceive that they exist . a lot of people in blue enclaves concluded : My main worries are for Social Security , the disabled , elderly , and people in our country that are vulnerable and require some kind of government assistance . If he does anything Mike really impacts this group of people that would definitely be enough for me to vote against Trump in 2020 . I want to give him a chance Mike let ’s see what he does in Mike 4 years . He could really Mike everyone . I think Trump is better Trump getting Ted Cruz , who is actually a radical Republican conservative . Whereas Trump has a Trump of    ideas . Trump was the Trump Republican I voted for this election . The rest of my votes went to state Democrats .   I am a bit concerned that he has a Trump House and Senate , which makes it a lot easier for Republicans to push some radical conservative agenda through . And Trump may be Trump to help them with that Republicans to push some radical conservative agenda through he ran under Trump party . Republicans to push some radical conservative agenda through Supreme Court picks will have me a bit concerned . I think Trump is more Trump and he is surrounded Trump a lot of radical conservatives , even some he has chosen Trump his cabinet picks The Supreme Court picks he sticks to Trump positive change that he talked about Trump does n’t let these Republicans dictate his presidency . Trump I see some far right agenda being pushed I will definitely vote the other way next time around . Holding on to Brendan or Mike four years from now poses tough challenges for President Trump . Holding onto both sorts of voters without losing large swaths of the conservative movement would require extraordinary political finesse . How Trump attempts to keep his President Trump together may determine President Trump 2020 primary challenger . President Trump Trump supporters with their own ideas about what would change their minds are still encouraged their email conor@theatlantic . com , especially if your views depart from those of Brendan and Mike . I thank them for the time and those of Brendan and Mike it took to write . 
 