’   ’ ’    JALALABAD ,   ( Reuters )    Three American    soldiers were killed and one wounded on Saturday when an Afghan    soldier opened fire on Three American   soldiers in eastern     according to three US officials . ’ ’    The shooting occurred in the Achin district of Nangarhar    province , where US special forces have been fighting alongside    Afghan troops against Islamic State and Taliban militants , said    Attaullah Khogyani , a spokesman for the Nangarhar provincial    governor . ’ ’    The Afghan soldier was killed in the incident , Khogyani said . ’ ’    " The cause of the shooting is not clear . An investigation has    already begun , "    said . ’ ’    One US official , speaking on the condition of anonymity ,    confirmed that the incident was a "   " attack by a    member of the Afghan security forces in Nangarhar province . ’ ’’ ’      "   " insider attacks by Afghan soldiers on    international service members were a major problem several years    ago , but now occur less frequently after security measures were    improved and the number of foreign troops in the country fell    sharply . ’ ’    In March , three US soldiers were wounded when an Afghan soldier    opened fire on them three US soldiers ’ "    The attack comes as President Donald Trump ’s administration    weighs an increase in troops in the    country . " "    Reuters reported in late April that Trump President Donald Trump’s was    carrying out a review of and    conversations are revolving around sending between 3 , 000 and    5 , 000 US and coalition troops to . " ’    Deliberations include giving more authorities to forces on the    ground and taking more aggressive action against Taliban    fighters . This could allow US advisers to work with Afghan troops    below the corps level , potentially putting them closer US advisers    fighting , a US official said . ’ ’    Earlier this year , the top US intelligence said the security    situation in   will further deteriorate    even    there is a modest increase in US military support for    .    ’    In some cases Afghan troops have been forced to abandon more    scattered and rural bases , and the government can claim to    control or influence only 57 percent of the country , according to    US military estimates from earlier this year . ’ ’    A spokesman for the US military command in Kabul said they were the US military command in Kabul aware of the report , but could not yet confirm any details . ’ ’    A White House spokesman said Trump was " following the emerging    situation in " where the soldiers were    killed . ’ ’    Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid said the shooter the emerging   situation in " where the soldiers were   killed    member of the militant group and had killed four Americans and    wounded several more . ’ ’      ’ ’    ( Additional reporting by Josh Smith in Kabul , and Phil Stewart ,    Idrees Ali in Washington . Writing by Lesley Wroughton in    Washington . Washington Washington Marguerita Choy and Chizu Nomiyama ) ’ ’JALALABAD , Afghanistan ( Reuters )    Three . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 