They dug for revelations , extracting news nuggets   —    a rarity on a debate night   —    like Donald J. Trump ’s admission that Donald J. Trump had used a nearly    loss to avoid paying federal income taxes for years . They pressed for specifics , interrupting the candidates to demand concrete strategies for handling conflict in Syria and reforming the nation ’s health care system . And They posed blunt , provocative questions at a forum that typically feels more like public broadcasting than cable news : Had Mr. Trump ever sexually assaulted a woman ? Did Hillary Clinton really believe that Hillary Clinton use of a private email server was not " extremely careless " ? The duo overseeing Sunday ’s presidential debate , Anderson Cooper of CNN and Martha Raddatz of ABC News , seemed to cast off the    pressures on this year ’s crop of moderators   —    Is    mandatory ? Are interruptions O. K. ?   —    and put themselves directly in the mix of a    encounter . The immediate response was praise from many journalists and some grumbling from partisans . One prominent critic , in fact , was sharing the debate stage : Mr. Trump , who did not hesitate to make One prominent critic complaints known in real time . " Why are n’t you bringing up the emails ? " One prominent critic asked Mr. Cooper , after Mr. Trump believed Mr. Trump had been unfairly cut off . When Mr. Cooper replied , accurately , that the moderators had asked about Mrs. Clinton ’s email server , Mr. Mr. Trump up his hands Mr. Trump " One on three , " he muttered Mr. Trump suggesting that the panel was siding with Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton’s . Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the umpires . " You know what ’s funny ? She went a minute Mrs. Clinton’s , and you do n’t stop her , " he Mrs. Clinton’s to Mr. Trump Raddatz , who had cut him off . Mr. Trump When I go one second over it ’s like a big deal   —   " " You had many answers , " Ms. Raddatz replied . Mrs. Clinton’s did Mr. Trump sharp questions about the recording that surfaced Friday in which he boasts about kissing Mr. Trump grabbing women . " You bragged that you have sexually assaulted women   —    do you understand that ? " Mr. Cooper asked . When Mr. Trump dismissed the Mr. Trump " locker " Mr. Cooper pressed several times   — Mr. Cooper Have you ever done those things ? "   —    until Mr. Trump finally asserted that Mr. Trump not . The moderators Mr. Trump pushed Mrs. Clinton . Ms. Raddatz , discussing the candidate ’s paid speeches to Wall Street banks , asked , " Is it O. K. for politicians to be   ? the candidate’s Mr. Cooper asked Mrs. Clinton how she could " unite a country Mrs. Clinton dismissing half Mrs. Clinton Mr. Trump ’s supporters as " deplorable . " There were moments , too , where the moderators chastised the audience for cheering   —    and sternly cut off the candidates   —    as they tried to    the    atmosphere that seemed to the candidates   envelop the room . " The audience needs to calm down here , " Ms. the audience , turning to the crowd . When Mr. Trump interrupted Mrs. Clinton at one point , Mr. Cooper rebuked him , saying , " She did n’t talk when you Mr. Trump . " Some conservatives Ms. Raddatz unimpressed . " I may not care for Trump , but he beat Hillary tonight fair and square even Mr. Trump Martha Raddatz Mr. Cooper to defeat him , " Erick Erickson , Ms. Raddatz commentator , wrote on Mr. Trump . One group that appeared shortchanged was the undecided voters sitting onstage , who , between the moderators’ tough questions and the candidates’ heated exchanges , received relatively little airtime . The moderators appeared willing to buck the debate ’s format when they deemed a particular interaction newsworthy or illuminating . This tactic was The moderators the one Elaine Quijano used in the    debate last week , who often cut off candidates’ answers so she could move to her next question . And candidates’ moderators eschewed Elaine Quijano minimalist approach by Elaine Quijano Holt of NBC in The moderators debate , who was less assertive and often remained silent for minutes at a time . If the first debate became something of a referendum on the role of the moderator   —    to    or not to   ?   —    the buildup to Sunday ’s event was more focused on the raucous nature of the evening . Mr. Trump , a temperamental figure under the best of circumstances , walked onstage Sunday facing a growing revolt within his own party and even his own Sunday’s : His running mate , Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana his issued a statement his that Mr. Trump " has to show what is in his heart when he goes before the nation tomorrow night . " Walking his this fray his Mr. Cooper and Ms. Raddatz , experienced moderators both , who were already preparing for unique challenges . The choice of Mr. Cooper , who is gay , prompted grumbling among some conservatives , who questioned his personal politics . Ms. Raddatz was the subject of a Breitbart News report on Sunday scrutinizing Ms. Raddatz of President Obama . Although Ms. Raddatz moderated the    debate in Ms. Raddatz , that event was seen by Ms. Raddatz viewers . At the high end , Sunday ’s event was estimated to attract nearly twice that . Network executives were predicting that event in part because many Americans are home on Sunday evenings . But the extraordinary events of the last few days significantly raised those expectations . Last month ’s debate between Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton was seen by about 84 million Americans   —    a record for presidential debates , but shy of the 100 million or more viewers that typically tune in for the Super Bowl . Typically , the second debate sees a drop in viewers . Still , in 2008 , the second matchup between Barack Obama and John McCain attracted nearly 11 million more viewers than their first in 1992 , the second debate among Bill Clinton , George Bush and Ross Perot outscored the second matchup between Barack Obama and John McCain first by about seven million viewers . 
 