Washington ( CNN )   Donald Trump again signaled Sunday a willingness to confront Beijing , questioning whether the United States should keep the United States    position that Taiwan is part of " one China . "   " I fully understand the ’one China’ policy , but I do n’t know why we have to be bound by a ’one China’ policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things , including trade , " Trump said on " Fox News Sunday . "   Trump had set off a diplomatic controversy when Trump took a call from Taiwan ’s leader . The United States recognizes Taiwan as part of China and Chinese officials were furious over the first conversation in decades between a Taiwanese leader and a US President or   .   Trump Trump Sunday he Trump n’t hesitate to anger China China the China to the bargaining table on trade and severs ties with North Korea .   " I mean , look , we ’re being hurt very badly by China with China , with taxing us heavy we the borders when we do we tax them , with building a massive fortress in the middle of the South China Sea , which they should n’t be doing , and frankly with not helping us at all with North Korea North Korea Trump said .   " You have North Korea . North Korea nuclear weapons , and China could China that problem , and they ’re China helping us at all , " Trump said .   Trump attacks China on Trump but misses the mark , Chinese media : Trump ’ignorant as a child’ in foreign policy , Trump ’s comments triggered Trump response from China ’s China Global Times newspaper . In a Monday editorial , the Global Times said of   Global Times He is Trump as a Trump in terms of foreign policy , " and the editorial ruled out negotiations on the a Monday editorial China " China . " The ’one China’ policy can not be bought and sold , Trump , it seems , Trump understands business and believes The ’one China’ policy everything has a price and that if he is strong enough he can buy and sell by force , he it said .   The editorial warned that The ’one China’ policy , because of a Monday editorial lack of hands Trump experience , " was liable to be influenced and controlled by hardliners near him .   It added Trump if Trump ditched the " one a Monday editorial " policy , it would spark " a real crisis . " a Monday editorial ’s Foreign Ministry said China was " seriously concerned " by Trump ’s China of the Trump , adding that bilateral cooperation would be out of the question if it was " compromised or disrupted . "   " Adhering to the ’one China’ principle is the political bedrock for the development    relations , " spokesman Geng Shuang said . Antagonistic rhetoric toward China was a feature of Trump ’s campaign rallies China both the Republican primary and general election .   He has accused China of manipulating the value of Trump’s currency in China to give its products price China in the American market . China Trump has also called for much steeper tariffs on Trump’s imported from China     and then criticized US companies , including China , which have pointed out that that could set off a trade war with Beijing that could close its market to    products .   Cornerstone of Trump’s , Trump ’s comments Sunday made clear he intends to Trump’s new deal with China . Trump’s But it has n’t been clear whether Trump was ready to eliminate the " one China " Trump’s that has been the cornerstone of diplomatic China since President Richard Nixon went to China . The formula , enshrined in the documents that China led to the establishment of US relations with China , permits Beijing to regard Taiwan as a part China China and the United States to sell the nationalist island China to defend itself against the mainland , and has headed off a the nationalist island arms    China the issue . But Trump has bristled at the policy , ignoring it and provoking China before even taking office . " I Trump n’t want China dictating to me and this was a call put into China . I Trump n’t make the call , and it Trump a call , very short call saying ’congratulations , this , on the victory.’   " It was a very nice call . Short . And why should some other nation be able to say I ca n’t take a call . I think it actually would ’ve been very disrespectful , to be honest with you , not taking it . " 
 it 