’   ’ ’    The US Senate is about to undertake a long evening session of    votes in the first step towards a repeal of the Affordable Care    Act ( ACA ) better known as Obamacare . ’ ’    The US Senate will vote on well over 100 amendments to a budgetary    resolution in   ’ ’    The budget resolution and subsequent amendments being considered    tonight , in essence , will direct the Senate and House to come up       a piece of legislation that would allow Senate The US Senate to repeal any aspect of the ACA that relates to the    federal budget . ’ ’    Republicans have chosen to use this route since a typical bill is    subject to a filibuster , that can only be broken by a 60 person    vote to end it . Republicans only hold 52 Senate seats . On the    other hand , the budget process starting Wednesday needs only    a simple majority of 51 senators to pass amendments    that directly involve taxes and spending . ’ "    So , the aspects of the health law that can be addressed by    these votes include funding for subsidies that allow people in    the    ’s exchanges to pay for their insurance   these votes Medicaid    expansion funding , and more . " ’’ ’   ’ ’   ’ ’    The ACA repeal has become one of the top priorities for the      government since the election of      Donald Trump . ’ ’    Vice    Mike Pence and President Barack Obama met    with Congressional members of their respective Mike Pence and President Barack Obama last week    to strategize . ’ ’ ’ ’    days , it appears that the GOP has begun to fracture on    their    to repeal the GOP with particular disagreements about the    replacement of the ACA . ’ ’    Many GOP lawmakers have said the GOP they do not want Many GOP lawmakers cause a    lapse in coverage for the over 20 million Americans that have    gained insurance through Obamacare . In order to do this , GOP    members have the GOP on a repeal until a full    replacement health care law has been created . ’ ’ that he    wants a repeal and replace to happen " concurrently , " while other    GOP members have also pushed the GOP repeal and replace at the same    time . However , if the original process of writing and passing the    ACA is any indication , crafting a replacement law could take    a while . ’ ’    Even   that he wants    to go ahead with    repeal and replace as soon as his nominee for    the he of Health and Human Services Tom Price is    confirmed . ’ ’    " ’ ’   ’ ’   ’ 
 