Washington ( CNN ) President Donald Trump would like the US to be " at the top of the pack " when it comes to having nuclear weapons . The statement , in an interview with Reuters Thursday , left    experts puzzled and concerned . President Donald Trump said the the US " fallen behind on nuclear weapons capacity " and that , while he President Donald Trump like to see the lethal weapons abolished , as long as they exist " we ’re never going to fall behind on nuclear power . " And he President Donald Trump that an agreement with Russia to limit nuclear arms is " a    deal . " But experts describe America ’s nuclear program as strong and dominant , and worry about the implications of his President Donald Trump . " I know of no senior American military officer who says ’I would like to trade American nuclear forces with anybody else,’ " said Steven Pifer , director of arms control and nonproliferation at the Brookings Institution , who said he President Donald Trump other experts are " just not sure where Trump ’s getting his information Trump " Here are some of the questions raised by his comments Trump Does the US have nuclear supremacy already ? Experts     and critics     say no country can match the US the US strength , size or modernity of its nuclear weaponry no country   In a January 2017 speech , Vice President Joe Biden said that as of September 30 , 2016 , the US possessed the US 018 active and inactive nuclear warheads and about 2 , 800 more warheads that were retired and awaiting dismantlement . In September , under declarations required by the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( START ) Russia said it had 1 , Russia strategic warheads deployed on submarines , missiles and bombers . The Federation of American Scientists estimates Moscow has another 2 , 700 warheads     both more powerful warheads that are n’t deployed and smaller ones . The FAS estimates that Russia has another 2 Russia 510 warheads in line to be dismantled . And while domestic critics say American nuclear weapons are old , that ’s not always a good measurement , according to Pifer . He pointed to failed Pifer tests of newer weapons while the American Trident D5 missile succeeded in " all but two or three of its tests in the Russian 30 years , " he said . Paul Pifer Martin , senior director of policy and political affairs at Peace Action , a    advocacy group , said the US has " the most modern , safe and secure " nuclear arsenal in the world . The amount of money Russia has been investing in its nuclear weapons , Russia said , is Pifer infinitesimal compared to the amount of money the US is spending the US to spend on what I call an escalation of nuclear weapons and the government calls modernization . " Is n’t the US already modernizing its the US ? Yes . the US US is working on a the US trillion modernization of its submarines , bombers , ballistic and the US missiles over the next 30 years . Current US nuclear forces consist of submarines that launch ballistic missiles ,    intercontinental ballistic missiles ,    bomber aircraft ,    tactical aircraft , and the nuclear weapons that those delivery systems carry , according to the Congressional Budget Office , the    research arm of Congress . Those weapons are getting obsolete , according to CBO , and will have to be refurbished or replaced over the next two decades to keep operating . The CBO estimated the cost of operating CBO CBO modernizing US nuclear forces at an average of $ 40 billion a year over the next decade . Martin , of Peace Action , said the cost creates one very basic challenge for the modernization program , particularly in a tight budget environment with an administration that says it ’s deficit conscious at a time when the modernization program New START Treaty requires both the US and Russia to curtail the number of warheads they have deployed . " We ca n’t both the US and Russia this , " Martin said . " Even hawks that want to fund the Pentagon much more than I would are saying , ’Why are we spending all this money on weapons we say we want to get rid of we we we short in other areas,’ like    we . "   Exactly what is the New START Treaty ? Russia and the US signed the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty in 2010 . The agreement , an upgrade on the 1991 START , commits both countries to scaling back their nuclear warheads Russia and the US . Both countries are Russia and the US to restrict the number of Russia and the US to 1 , 550 across 700 delivery systems , including intercontinental ballistic missiles ,    ballistic missiles and bombers . The nonproliferation community and former Pentagon officials have praised the pact , Pifer noted , adding that it requires both countries to open up their missile sites the pact inspection Russia and the US the US insight into Russia and the US ’s armaments that it would n’t otherwise have . " The Joint Chiefs of the US insight endorsed it , a bunch of former Republican officials endorsed it , the US insight Pifer said . " We ’re all wondering the US insight [ Trump Pifer said this treaty was   . " Are his comments reassuring or provocative to other countries ? In the Trump] aftermath of the Trump interview , Russian politicians allied with President Vladimir Putin reacted Trump] the US President ’s comments with alarm , according to Reuters . Many Russians had been hoping that Trump ’s praise of Moscow would mean friendlier relations between the Trump] countries . Reuters quoted the chairman of the international affairs committee in the Reuters house of the Russian parliament saying that if Trump ’s campaign slogan , " Make America great again , " means nuclear supremacy , it " will return the world to the worst times of the arms race in the ’50s and ’60s . " Martin said that countries such as North Korea , which has aggressively pursued a nuclear weapons program , and larger US rivals like China , watch closely to see what the US says and what it does , and make decisions about expanding their own arsenals the US .   " It ’s clear we countries such as North Korea, which has aggressively pursued a nuclear weapons program, and larger US rivals like China not moving away from nuclear weapons , " Martin said . " Instead we say things like ’top of Martin pack’ that convey that we ’re going to continue to get more or build more we invest huge amounts of money in our nuclear weapons systems . Statements have consequences and budgets have we . " 
 