Chicago ( CNN ) Speaking in public for the first time since leaving the White House three months ago , former President Barack Obama on Monday avoided criticizing former President Barack Obama successor , disappointing anyone who was hoping for a clash between the    and President Donald Trump . In a nearly    forum , former President Barack Obama laid out lessons former President Barack Obama learned as a young community organizer here in Chicago decades ago and vowed to help bring up the next generation of leaders . former President Barack Obama did not once mention President Donald Trump name . The University of Chicago Chicago the event , billed by former President Barack Obama ’s office as a " conversation on community organizing and civic engagement . " The highly anticipated public appearance happened just days ahead of the symbolically significant    mark for Trump     a milestone that one former President Barack Obama adviser insisted is " far from " the former president ’s mind . In fact , former President Barack Obama made clear on Monday that former President Barack Obama has little interest so far in reemerging as a figure and spokesperson for the Democratic Party , notably declining to comment on issues like health care and foreign policy .   " I ’m spending a lot of time thinking about what is the most important thing I can do for my next job ? " former President Barack Obama said onstage . " The single most important thing I can do is to help in any way I can prepare the next generation of leadership , to take up the baton , and to take their the baton crack at changing the word . " While former President Barack Obama did not intend to directly confront or take swipes at Trump on Monday , an adviser said he an adviser to be forthcoming     if asked     about where he an adviser on specific policy matters , including areas where he an adviser Trump Trump disagree , a source said .   former President Barack Obama got former President Barack Obama wading into a politically charged issue was when he discussed immigration an adviser as he referred to an adviser undocumented workers as simply " families who are looking for a better life for their children . many undocumented workers " It ’s not like everybody on Ellis Island had all their papers straight everybody on Ellis Island " Obama said former President Barack Obama " The truth is , the history of our immigration system has always been a little bit haphazard , a little bit loose . " After months of quiet travel , Obama to former President Barack Obama in Chicago , Obama , former President Barack Obama , reflected on the fact that when he came former President Barack Obama Chicago more than Chicago years ago as a     he was former President Barack Obama filled with idealism and absolute certainty that somehow I was going to change the world . " " But I had no idea how , " Obama said former President Barack Obama " I am the first to acknowledge that I did not set the world on the world Nor did I transform these communities in any significant way . " He later former President Barack Obama that the famous line from his speech former President Barack Obama the Democratic National Convention in 2004     that there are not red states or blue states , but that there is rather one united country     was an " aspirational comment . " Obama also former President Barack Obama on several political and cultural developments that he lamented former President Barack Obama exacerbating the country ’s divisions , including gerrymandering , money in politics and the politicization of media . " The internet in some ways has accelerated this sense of people having entirely separate conversations , " Obama said former President Barack Obama " If you ’re liberal , then you ’re on MSNBC . If you ’re a conservative , you ’re on Fox News . " He even former President Barack Obama a warning with young people about their prolific use of social media . " If you had pictures of everything I ’d done in high school , I probably would n’t have been President of the United States , " he said former President Barack Obama " I would advise all of you to be a little more circumspect about your selfies and what you take pictures of . " In the final stretch of the 2016 election , Obama actively campaigned for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . More than five months after Clinton ’s loss , Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton still not Obama in taking center stage on politics , an adviser told CNN . " He ’s going to be an adviser of an adviser behind the scenes and not necessarily be in the forefront right now , " the adviser said . " an adviser given time , when it ’s appropriate and necessary , he ’ll be out there . an adviser not right now . " Obama is also sensitive Obama creating space for and supporting his former administration officials Obama their new endeavors , including former his former administration officials Secretary Arne Duncan , who is working to mentor young leaders , and former Attorney General Eric Holder , who is focused on redistricting laws across the country . Monday ’s event came together because of Obama ’s desire to Obama with young people , a source close to the former President said . Three hundred students from universities around the Chicago area were invited to attend . On Sunday , Obama spoke at a roundtable Obama with young men from Chicago ’s Create Real Economic Destiny program Chicago which aims to provide job skills and positive connections to    youth . He was invited to participate by Duncan the former President the program ’s founder . " President Obama listened to the Obama ’s stories and shared some of the challenges that he faced growing up , " Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis said of Obama ’s conversation . " He expressed that he was optimistic about their Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis to positively Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis to their communities and support their families because of their services provided in their program . " For the most part , Obama and former first lady Michelle Obama have steered clear of the public spotlight since leaving the White House . The former President has been spotted Obama vacationing on a private island in the Caribbean , but his schedule has been kept tightly under wraps Obama The Obamas are also busy working on their memoirs after landing a deal with Penguin Random House The Obamas could yield them tens of millions of dollars . The couple plans The Obamas live in Washington until their younger The Obamas Sasha , graduates high school in 2019 The Obamas Obama is also slated to appear with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin in late May and is due to accept an award in Boston prior to that . Obama ended Monday ’s event on an optimistic note .   Obama I have to say that there ’s a reason why I ’m always optimistic , even when things look like they ’re not going the way I want , " he things . " And that ’s because of young people Obama this . " 
 