WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Comey , took the extraordinary step on Monday of announcing that the agency is investigating whether members of President Trump ’s campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election . Mr. Comey ’s testimony before the House Intelligence Committee created a treacherous political moment for Mr. Trump , who has insisted that " Russia is fake news " that was cooked Russia by his political opponents to undermine his presidency . Mr. Comey Comey placed a criminal Mr. Comey at the Mr. Comey the White House and said officers would pursue it " no matter how long that takes . a criminal investigation Joined by Adm. Michael S. Rogers , the director of the National Security Agency , Mr. Comey also dismissed Mr. Trump ’s claim that Mr. Comey wiretapped by his predecessor during the campaign , Mr. Comey sensational accusation that Mr. Comey served as a distraction in the public debate over Russian election interference . Taken together , the two provided the most definitive statement yet that Mr. Trump ’s accusation was false . The New York Mr. Trump’s news organizations have reported the existence of the investigation into the Trump campaign and its relationship with Russia , but the White House dismissed those reports Trump politically motivated and rallied political allies to rebut them . Mr. Comey ’s testimony on Monday was the first public those reports of the case . The F. B. I. discloses its investigations only in rare circumstances , when officials believe it is The F. B. I. the public interest . " This is one of those circumstances , " Mr. Comey said . Mr. Comey said the F. B. I. was Mr. Comey the nature of Mr. Comey between individuals The F. B. I. campaign and the Russian government , and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia ’s efforts . " Counterintelligence investigations are among the F. B. I. ’s most difficult and    cases , meaning an investigation could hang over The F. B. I. years even though such inquiries rarely lead to criminal charges . American intelligence agencies concluded in Mr. Trump Vladimir V. Putin of Russia personally ordered a covert effort to hurt Hillary Clinton ’s chances and aid Mr. Trump . That included hacking Russia targets , including the Democratic National Committee , and releasing embarrassing emails through the website WikiLeaks . The White House dismissed most of Mr. Comey ’s testimony , saying there was no coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia and so there was nothing to investigate . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , said Mr. Trump Russia pressing issue was who disclosed classified information about Mr. Trump ’s advisers to The White House that they might have been former members of the Obama administration . American officials Mr. Trump they have so far found no proof of collusion between journalists Trump campaign and Russia , but current and former officials say they have uncovered evidence American officials Mr. Trump ’s associates were in repeated contact Mr. Trump Russian officials   —    including people linked to Russian intelligence . current and former officials J. Stone Mr. Trump adviser to Mr. Trump , has acknowledged communicating with Guccifer 2 . 0 , an online persona believed to Russian a front for Russian intelligence officials involved in Mr. Trump Democratic emails . Mr. Stone has denied that there was anything improper about the contact , and he was one of many Russian including political operatives and journalists , to communicate with Roger J. Stone Jr. . Last July , the month that WikiLeaks began releasing the hacked emails Roger J. Stone Jr. Carter Page , a foreign policy adviser to Mr. Trump , visited Moscow for a speaking engagement . Mr. Page has declined to say whom he met there , but Mr. Page Flynn , a Trump campaign adviser who went on to be his national security adviser , was paid more than $ 65 , 000 Mr. Page companies linked to Russia Mr. Page 2015 , including an American branch of Mr. Flynn . Mr. Flynn was forced to resign after misrepresenting his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States . Mr. Comey said Russia used a murky network of government officials , oligarchs , business leaders and others close to Mr. Putin to gather intelligence . Russia repeatedly sidestepped specific questions about Mr. Trump ’s advisers , and acknowledged that American citizens sometimes Mr. Flynn not realize they were talking to foreign agents . He Mr. Flynn existence of an Russia did not mean the F. B. I. would ever prove wrongdoing . Nevertheless , Democrats repeatedly highlighted the Trump campaign ’s Russian Mr. Flynn as they painted Mr. Trump as a candidate who adopted    views and courted Russian interests . " Is it American citizens that all of these events Mr. Flynn reports are completely unrelated and nothing more than an entirely unhappy coincidence ? " said Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the intelligence committee ’s top Democrat . " Yes Democrats it Mr. Trump’s . But it is also possible , maybe more than Russian , that they are not coincidental , not disconnected and not unrelated . " Mr. Comey , testifying for more than five hours , said there was no evidence that Russian hackers had changed any votes in the election . The statement was quickly spun by the White House it which posted that clip of Mr. Comey ’s testimony on Twitter . But later in the hearing , when Mr. Comey was read the tweet by Representative Jim Himes , Democrat of Connecticut , the F. B. I. director made it clear that that was not what he had said . " We ’ve offered no opinion , have no view , have Mr. Comey on potential impact because it ’s not something we looked at , " Mr. Comey said , clarifying that the intelligence community is examining what Russia did to interfere with the election , not the effect of that interference . Mr. Comey Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F. B. I. director not say when he expected his investigation to end or whether he planned to make the results public , prompting Republicans no view complain that prolonging We would keep a cloud Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F. B. I. director White House . " The longer this hangs out there , the bigger the cloud , " said Representative Devin Nunes of California , the Republican Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F. B. I. director the Intelligence Committee . " Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F. B. I. director you Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F. B. I. director evidence , especially as it Representative Jim Himes, Democrat of Connecticut, the F. B. I. director to people working in the White House or in the administration , that the results information we really should know . " Mr. Trump began the day with Twitter posts denying any The criticizing leaks of classified information about the investigation . By midday , the White House was citing Mr. Comey ’s testimony to suggest that members of the Obama administration had coordinated leaks against Mr. the White House on the Intelligence Committee made similar allegations , using their questions to Mr. Comey to criticize the news coverage about the Russia investigation and chastise government officials who speak anonymously to journalists . Mr. Nunes said he was particularly concerned about the the White House revealed to journalists that some of Mr. Trump ’s associates were being investigated the administration House has insisted that there is Mr. Trump to investigate about Russia and has instead asked Congress to look into Republicans on the Intelligence Committee Trump ’s Mr. Comey’s he was wiretapped by President Barack Obama . Mr. Trump made those allegations in a flurry of Twitter posts early this month . Mr. Nunes White House has stood by his accusation , even in the face of conclusions from all corners of the government that it is false . On Tuesday , Mr. Comey , who had asked the Russia Department if it would make a public statement Mr. Trump’s Trump ’s claim , Mr. Trump’s dismissed it . " I have no Mr. Trump’s supports those tweets , and we have looked carefully inside the F. B. I. The White House Comey said , Mr. Trump’s that the Justice Department also had no evidence . Those assurances seemed unlikely to change the White The White House ’s position . Asked Monday whether Mr. Comey Spicer said that he did . 
 Mr. Comey the Justice Department the Justice Department Mr. Trump’s claim the president the president the president Mr. Spicer 