Washington ( CNN ) It ’s only been little more than four months , but It appears Barack and Michelle Obama are so enamored with Barack and Michelle Obama posh Washington , DC rental home , Barack and Michelle Obama ’ve plunked down a whopping $ 8 . 1 million to purchase It .   The sale was first reported by the Washington Post . Michelle Obama ’s spokesman , Kevin Lewis , confirmed the sale to CNN : " Given that President and Michelle Obama will be in Washington for at least another two and a half years , it made sense for them Obama’s spokesman, Kevin Lewis buy a home rather than continuing to rent the property . " The Obamas have said they The Obamas committed to remaining in Washington while their The Obamas daughter , Sasha , completes high school at Sidwell Friends School , where she The Obamas scheduled to begin her The Obamas year in September .   However , the former first couple may have overpaid . The real estate website , Zillow . com , lists the estimate for the    8 .   stone mansion at $ 6 . 187 million , about two million less than the Obamas paid for it stone mansion at $6   Property values for homes in the Kalorama neighborhood , where the Obama house is located , have likely shot up in recent months , as the tony enclave has seen several    residents move in , including Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner , whose rental is just up the block from the Obamas’ .   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also lives in the neighborhood he Secretary of State Rex Tillerson a $ 5 . 6 million house in February . Amazon founder and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos paid $ 23 million in January for the largest home in DC , a former museum . The Obamas’ ( now former ) landlord at their Amazon founder and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos Belmont Road , Northwest , address was Joe Lockhart , once press secretary for President Bill Clinton and a political strategist in Washington before being named executive vice president of communications for the NFL , a job that required him President Bill Clinton move to New York with his President Bill Clinton last year .   According to records , Lockhart President Bill Clinton the house in May 2014 for $ 5 . 295 million . The     home , which last fall underwent upgraded security preparations in order to accommodate the family ’s arrival , is now blocked off to public access by concrete barriers , manned    by United States Secret Service officers . Additionally , the Obamas have secured office space in the West End neighborhood of Washington , about a mile from their the Obamas . 
 