  ( CNN)"Why are you giving Richard Spencer a platform ? " That is the No . 1 question people have been asking , writing , and tweeting at me since the commercials began airing for season two of " United Shades of America . "   In case you missed it , in the first episode I interview Spencer , a white supremacist who believes , among other things , that America is a country for white people only and that white people define America culture ( which means that Spencer is neither a fan of history books nor the TV show Grey ’s Anatomy ) . And he Spencer believes that a woman ’s place is in the home . How he Spencer n’t end up with a cabinet position in President Trump ’s White House , I ’ll never know .   Spencer Spencer also credited with inventing the term " . " The    is the Tea Party ’s younger , cooler , meaner brother . Like if the movie " Back to The Future " was just about Biff . Understandably , many people do n’t want that on their many people , hence the question : " Why are you giving Richard Spencer platform ? " Though many times , people do n’t phrase their question people one they ’d people an honest answer to . It comes across the way it does It a disappointed parent sees a broken vase and " asks " their child people WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING ? " I have to admit that , initially , I was surprised at the question . I thought I had answered it pretty thoroughly a year ago when " United Shades " had its series it with me visiting the Ku Klux Klan . I put Spencer on TV for the same reason that I put the KKK on TV . TV all need to make sure that we fully We all our country .   And platforms are amazing things . Despite how it seems , platforms do n’t have a stake in who is standing on them . Just watch Olympic diving some time to see that everybody does n’t dive off the platform and get a perfect score . Just because you put someone on TV , you are n’t necessarily cosigning everything ( or anything ) they do . It is about how you frame it     and in this case , the frame around Richard Spencer is beautiful . While you are watching Spencer express Richard Spencer at the idea of a " Black James Bond " ( sorry , Idris Elba ) you will also meet . .. Ruby Corado , a refugee and LGBT activist who specializes in helping refugees who have been victimized and are in need of shelter . Sarah Zullo , a woman who came to this country from Ethiopia and dedicated her life to welcoming people who have come from    countries and have no place to go . Mohammad , a    Syrian refugee who wants to work hard and provide for his family Mohammad Williams Guevara , a refugee whose court testimony changed a law and thereby saved the lives of refugees including his sister ’s life . They are Williams Guevara, a refugee whose court testimony changed a law and thereby saved the lives of refugees including his sister’s life refugees . Extremely . Vetted . Refugees . And their stories Williams Guevara, a refugee whose court testimony changed a law and thereby saved the lives of refugees including his sister’s life beautiful , and you need to hear them . Williams Guevara, a refugee whose court testimony changed a law and thereby saved the lives of refugees including his sister’s life will also see    Spaces , an incubator for African immigrant businesses in Silver Spring , Maryland . These immigrants have big ideas and more pride in this country than I can summon up while watching fireworks , on the 4th of July , while competing in a hot dog eating contest , dressed up like Uncle Sam , draped in the American flag , drinking a       smoothie , and perfectly burping Lee Greenwood ’s " God Bless The USA . " These stories of immigrants and refugees are incredible on their own These stories of immigrants and refugees but I believe you need Spencer in the show to prove how tenuous their safety These stories of immigrants and refugees peace of mind is . Spencer and Spencer people Spencer all those beautiful people gone . And the scariest part is that the    does n’t think Steve Bannon ( or President Trump for that matter ) is    enough . But if you are afraid that just having Spencer on Spencer and talking is going to help him recruit Spencer people to his side Spencer then what you are really saying is that you think his ideas Spencer better than your ideas . I do n’t think his ideas his ideas than mine . In fact , I think his ideas Spencer his ideas much , MUCH worse . So let ’s get back to the question : Why am I giving the    a platform ? For the same reason I gave the KKK a platform . For every person who asked me why I was giving the KKK a platform the KKK were many , many , many , MANY more who said , " OH . MY . GOD . I HAD NO IDEA THAT KU KLUX KLAN STILL EXISTED ! " Ultimately , that flabbergasted person is who I wanted to reach with that episode of the show . And if you are # woke about the KKK being alive and the KKK America , all I can say is : keep watching " United Shades " this season     there ’s more you need to see . I guarantee that we will cover some subject , some group of people ,    some cuddle business that you have never heard of or thought much of before you saw our show . Because that ’s we do .   But as much we I disagree with Richard Spencer , I know that more people need to be aware of these ideas , because again . .. There . Are . People . Who . Vote . That . Believe . Them . The more people who know People the    and their influence , and the more people People that smash cut up against people like the refugees and immigrants in the episode who are working hard everyday to make this country live up to its ideals that we brag about having this country the rest of the world , the faster we can truly make America great . we believe me when I say that I have a serious stake in how this turns out , because right now Berkeley , California is being used as tool of the    ( and others who want to hang with the " cool kids " * cough * Ann Coulter * cough * ) . The    is working hard to cloak its desire to create chaos in the The    as free speech . They say they want to air their views , They it ’s about They violent reactions . The    all can easily see that this is not about free speech . It is about community ’s need for safety no matter who comes through town . I know this because I live in Berkeley , and when media sources say , " Berkeley is rioting , " I know Berkeley " Berkeley " is n’t rioting . Berkeley Berkeley pissed that the Farmer ’s Berkeley is canceled because outside agitators have caravanned into town to start trouble . Berkeley is walking around the riot to Berkeley Berkeley ’s two daughters to the store Berkeley buy them helmets . ( Bicycle helmets . two daughters riot helmets . ) But ultimately , I ’m not afraid of these people or Richard Spencer ’s ideas , because I know my ideas will win . My ideas are better . Welcome to my ideas of " United Shades of America . " Let the sunshine in ! 
 