The southern border represents a potential vulnerability that terrorists could use to gain access to the U. S. according to Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( ) . [ " My concern would be those Islamic terrorist operatives moving through Africa into Central or South America and then coming up through our completely porous border , " Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( said in an interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Monday evening .   Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( noted that Europe is currently " more vulnerable " to Islamic terrorism due to Europe is currently "more vulnerable" to Islamic terrorism ’s proximity to Syria and Syria large influx of migrants but stressed that America is also at risk . " You could have someone with a completely clean record , who ’s been    in Europe , using the Visa Waiver Program as well , " Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( said . " I think it ’s more likely though that you move those individuals through our porous southern border . " " We ’ve actually got a category at Homeland Security called SIAs , special interest aliens , " Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( added . " those individuals are being picked up in Central America   —    from Yemen and Somalia and Syria and from Pakistan . That ’s where I think our greatest danger is . " According to Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( , ISIS has been effective at expanding , and confronting the threat is " extremely difficult . " " We ’re looking for a needle in a haystack . The problem is there are more needles and haystacks growing , " Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson ( said . " But again , I ’m more concerned about the fact that ISIS ISIS to exist . They are extremely effective at using social media , and they They that to radicalize as homegrown terrorists here . And we saw that obviously in San Bernardino . " Johnson added that while he Johnson not agree with GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s call for a temporary ban on Muslim entry to the U. S. he Johnson there need to be improvements to the vetting process . 
 