Filmmaker , actor and outspoken Donald Trump detractor Rob Reiner says it is impossible to level with the Republican presidential nominee ’s bigoted supporters , who are " mostly white males who do n’t have college degrees . " [ In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter , Rob Reiner said that there ’s " a very serious strain of racism " that runs through those supporting the Republican presidential nominee .   " And that ’s a kind of disturbing thing , and I do n’t think you ever reach those people . I think that they those people impossible to turn around . It ’s very disturbing because a lot of these racist ideas have kind of been dormant for a while , and he a lot of these racist ideas have kind of been dormant for a while given voice to them   —    he a lot of these racist ideas have kind of been dormant for a while kind of unearthed it It And the thing that ’s most disturbing is to discover that there ’s so many people that still hold those views , " Reiner a lot of these racist ideas have kind of been dormant for a while . Reiner a lot of these racist ideas have kind of been dormant for a while onto suggest that Trump supporters feel " threatened " by America ’s racial diversity . " If it is n’t overt racism , it it this kind of a desperate attempt at holding on to some version of America America they think was there once . They they really threatened by our diversity , and what ’s so great about the experiment of democracy is that it the experiment of democracy diversity and diversity is what makes it the experiment of democracy , " he said . This line of attack from Reiner is not new . The    Emmy award winner has been bashing Trump supporters for some time . Last month , Reiner Reiner on CNN Tonight and said the real danger in Trump Trump are that his he " have a violent nature , and a violent streak . " The former All in the Family star ’s disdain for Trump supporters Trump , however , rivaled only by his hatred Trump the White House hopeful himself . Trump an appearance on MSNBC in July , Reiner called Trump " the single most unqualified person ever to run for president in my lifetime . " Reiner , who also told THR that the iconic character Archie Bunker would be a Trump supporter Trump " is an enthusiastic supporter of Trump ’s Democratic rival in the 2016 race . " I ’ve known Hillary Clinton almost 25 years , and she ’s Hillary Clinton dedicated and passionate about wanting to make things better and wanting to move thing forward , " he said Hillary Clinton " She ’s Hillary Clinton real policy wonk . She can Hillary Clinton across the aisle . She ’s Hillary Clinton at it . the aisle she has Hillary Clinton job , Republicans like her because Hillary Clinton does Hillary Clinton and figures out ways to forge consensus . " Reiner said it ’s his " Reiner that she wins Hillary Clinton White House , " and also admitted that " it may just be     sky , but that ’s my hope . " Asked if there ’s anything that could keep Hillary from winning in November , Reiner said Reiner " The only thing I could think of is some Julian Assange thing , " referencing the notorious WikiLeaks founder , whose infamous    publisher of corporate and secret government documents recently released scores of emails that embarrassed the Democratic National Committee and resulted in the resignation of former DNC Chair Debbie   .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 