Omaha , Nebraska ( CNN ) Leave no electoral vote behind . Hillary Clinton ’s rally Monday in    Republican Nebraska was an event with three goals : Winning   Republican Nebraska ’s split electoral college vote , reaching next door into    Iowa and using a    billionaire to question Republican nominee Donald Trump . In an effort to do that , Hillary Clinton’s cast Trump Republican nominee Donald Trump an outsourcer who wants to " put America first " but who actually makes Hillary Clinton’s products in other countries and stiffs American small businesses .   Billionaire Warren Buffett , known as the " oracle of Omaha , " introduced Hillary Clinton’s at the event , focusing much of Hillary Clinton’s speech on questioning why Donald Republican nominee Donald Trump so far refused to release his tax Republican nominee Donald Trump . Warren Buffet challenges Donald Trump Republican nominee Donald Trump his tax returns his tax returns many of you would be afraid to have your tax return made public ? No , no , you ’re only afraid if you have something to be afraid about , " Buffett said , Warren Buffett that Trump has said Republican nominee Donald Trump wo n’t Republican nominee Donald Trump them because he is under you have something to be afraid . " He is not Republican nominee Donald Trump because of the IRS , he is afraid Republican nominee Donald Trump of you . " Buffett also challenged Warren Buffett , telling Republican nominee Donald Trump audience that he would meet Warren Buffett " any Warren Buffett , any time between now and the election " and both could release their income tax returns at both same time . " You will learn a whole lot more about Donald Trump if Republican nominee Donald Trump his income Republican nominee Donald Trump returns Republican nominee Donald Trump " Buffett said . " Warren Buffett is why I would like to make him an offer , Republican nominee Donald Trump offer I hope he ca n’t refuse Republican nominee Donald Trump " Trump told Fox Business Republican nominee Donald Trump he would not " Republican nominee Donald Trump " against Buffett , " There Warren Buffett no counterpunch . I ’m not listening to what . .. look Warren Buffett has been Warren Buffett of , he ’s a Democrat , Warren Buffett ’s been a Hillary Warren Buffett for a long time . " Trump also defended his Republican nominee Donald Trump , which Republican nominee Donald Trump and other businessmen have Warren Buffett .   " If you look at Atlantic city     Atlantic city was run down the tubes Atlantic city     you look at everything that ’s happened at Atlantic City , what happened , they ’re Atlantic city     , " Trump said . " Republican nominee Donald Trump ’ve been out of there for seven years , I had great timing . I got out and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City over the years . " Clinton has Atlantic city     to a seven years    businessmen to campaign for her , resulting in them questioning Trump ’s business acumen Republican nominee Donald Trump Clinton and     in some cases     his sanity . Michael Bloomberg Republican nominee Donald Trump the billionaire and former New York City mayor , slammed Trump at the July Democratic Republican nominee Donald Trump Convention , calling him a " dangerous demagogue " and a " con . " " Let ’s elect a sane , competent person with international experience , " he said at the DNC . Days later , in Pittsburgh , him Mark Cuban called Trump "     crazy " in an interview with CNN .   On Monday , Buffett noted that when Trump put his company on the New York Stock Exchange in 1995 Trump for Buffett next 10 years , the company ( lost ) money every year , every single year Trump In 1995 , Buffett said , " ( if ) a monkey had thrown a dart Buffett the stock page , the monkey on average would have made 150 % . But the people a monkey Trump ) that listened to his siren song , came away losing well over 90 cents on the dollar . " Trump College play , But Monday ’s trip to Nebraska was an acknowledgment that with Trump atop the Republican ticket , every electoral college vote in November could matter . Nebraska Trump a unique status in American politics : It is one of two states in Nebraska United States that apportions Electoral College votes by Nebraska district ( the other is Maine ) . That fact has the Clinton campaign believing they could pick up one vote in the state ’s 2nd congressional district , made up the Clinton campaign by more    Omaha .   . Barack Obama won Nebraska ’s second district in 2008 , the first time a Democrat had split Nebraska . While Obama lost the district in 2012 , the city has grown more diverse and more educated Barack Obama then , both demographics that Clinton Barack Obama with . What ’s more , Democratic Rep. Brad Ashford won the district in 2014 , defeating GOP Rep. Lee Terry , who had held the seat for the district . Buffett acknowledged this special status on Monday when he said he is launching a campaign to help people get to the polls . He told the Buffett that Buffett was renting a trolley on November 8 with the goal of making Buffett ’s second district the Buffett with the " highest percentage of potential voters of any district in the county . " Clinton endorsed the idea , too , promising that if that happened she would come back as president and " Warren and I will dance in the streets of Omaha Clinton . " Eying Iowa , A trip to Omaha also offers Clinton a chance to blanket the news in Western Iowa . Clinton has yet to Omaha Iowa since Clinton secured the delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination , Clinton the Omaha media market Iowa deep Clinton the Hawkeye State . The Clinton campaign went up with ads in Omaha media market in June , as signal that they would Clinton compete for the Nebraska Electoral College the Omaha media market that they were acknowledging Republican nominee Donald Trump The Clinton campaign appeal The Clinton campaign Iowa . Even as the the Clinton campaign has currently The Clinton campaign airing local ads in Colorado     a state they feel is solidly Democratic The Clinton campaign Omaha ad buy remains in effect , Clinton aides said Monday . Monday is not the first time Clinton has campaigned with Buffett in the Clinton State . The two headlined an event in Omaha Monday Clinton 2015 , days after Clinton backed the billionaire ’s tax plan . During that trip , though , the stop Omaha as Clinton about pushing an economic message     and getting coverage ahead of the Iowa caucuses     than winning the state ’s possibly Democratic electoral college vote . " I think America is great and it is up to us to make the Cornhusker State make it greater , " Clinton said with Buffett , pledging that she will " fight hard to try and implement the Buffett us . it The Buffett rule , also known as the Fair Share Clinton , is popular among Democrats , especially within the populist strain of the party Buffett believe wealthy Americans get far too many benefits for the tax they pay . The tax would impose a 30 % rate in federal taxes on anyone making more than $ 1 million dollars a wealthy Americans , after the tax they pay . 
 