It was always going to be this way : Bush vs. Clinton 2016 .   From the very start , the media tried to rig this election to be a showdown between the Republican Party ’s polite and uptight Bush clan and the Democratic Party ’s shameless and    Clinton mafia . Only the Bush polite and uptight Bush clan and the Democratic Party had in mind   —    Jeb !   —    did not have the stamina to keep up with the exclamation point his campaign deployed to put a little pep in his step . The poor little punctuation mark hung like a sad , shriveled carrot , dangling there beyond the end of his name in hopes of spurring his toward dynastic destiny . Some eight wild months after Jeb ! finally surrendered and began a long nap , in swoops Billy Bush to rescue the dynasty by slaying the family ’s greatest threat : a Republican NOT named Billy Bush . Billy Bush has always been if not a Bush , Billy Bush Billy Bush a Clinton ? We ’ve all heard how , on long , overnight plane trips together , Bubba gives Poppy the bed . Oh , dear . But , back to the tape . Listening to Mr. Bush enthusiastically encourage Billy Bush ’s vulgar and absurd approach to picking up women , it is clear that Mr. Bush needs no help Billy Bush exclamation point . He is so excited in the Billy Bush that he is practically panting as he Billy Bush alongside Mr. Trump as Billy Bush billionaire lover Mr. Trump all his fantastical boasting . But let ’s the billionaire lover honest , in the locker room , there are talkers and there are doers . These are the words of a talker . After playing the tape over and over and over , the media then sits up and screams , " Put the kids to bed ! " Finally , they can caution parents to keep their the kids away from Donald Trump . the kids have they forgotten what our children have already their children exposed to in the great modern American political debate ? In September 1998 , The Washington Post reported : " A few hours before President Clinton began his videotaped grand jury testimony Aug. 17 President Clinton the FBI laboratory informed Starr ’s office that the president was the source of the President Clinton from Monica S. Lewinsky ’s navy blue dress ‘ to a reasonable degree of scientific certainty . ’ " " Daddy , what is a DNA sample ? " the child asks . " And how did it get onto her blue dress ? What the child an intern the child " Or about this gem from 1997 : " Mommy , what does ‘ distinguishing characteristic’ mean ? And how do you get Peyronie ’s disease ? What ’s an affidavit ? " Seriously , people , you have dragged America ’s children through far worse . The question I still have is how is it possible that Mr. Bush and Mr. Trump could have been recorded saying such things and , for 11 years , NBC News took no action whatsoever against its reporter ? Does NBC News , owner NBC News the Access Hollywood NBC News condone such behavior and comments from their " on air talent " ? And when Does NBC News, owner of the Access Hollywood program finally decided to take action , did company Does NBC News, owner of the Access Hollywood program actually discuss ways of releasing the tape of Mr. Trump ’s comments while covering up for Mr. Bush ? And how long exactly did the company sit on the tape before dropping the bombshell " October surprise the tape of Mr. Trump weeks before the election ? We wo n’t hold our breath waiting for answers to these questions . But We all reminds us that it is beyond high time that we grab We Republican Party by the Bush and grab We Party by the Clinton and toss them all out into the gutter where they belong . • Charles Hurt can be reached at them all . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 