’   ’ "    Former FBI director James Comey believes that President Trump was    trying to influence President Trump and the FBI ’s investigation into the    Trump campaign ’s ties to Russia ,   on Saturday .   " "    Former FBI director James Comey is set to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee    after Memorial Day , and the main question around Former FBI director James Comey    hearing will be whether Former FBI director James Comey believes   Trump was trying to    intervene in the FBI ’s investigation . " "    CNN ’s source added that CNN ’s still unclear whether   Trump ’s    attempts to influence Former FBI director James Comey amounted to obstruction of justice . " ’   ’ ’      Trump fired Comey   —    who was spearheading the Russia probe at the    time   —    two weeks ago . Initially , the White House said that   Trump acted entirely based on the advice of deputy attorney general Rod    Rosenstein and attorney general Jeff Sessions . ’ ’’ ’    Later , however , Trump   Trump that he   Trump already made the decision    to fire Comey before getting Sessions Jeff Sessions and Rosenstein’ ’s input . He   Trump also said that " the Russia thing " had been a factor in his   Trump decision , later calling Comey Comey " showboat , " a " grandstander , " and    a " real nut job . " ’ ’    After Comey Comey fired , it emerged that he Comey kept detailed    memos of encounters with the president that he the president improper .       of those detailed   memos of encounters with the president details a February meeting in which    Trump asked Comey Comey drop the FBI’ ’s investigation into former    national security adviser Michael Flynn . Trump reportedly   Trump ,       to the memo , that Flynn was former   national security adviser Michael Flynn a good guy " and " I hope    you can let this go . "   ’ "    The last two weeks have seen a torrent of news that reflects    negatively on the White House , including reports that Trump      Trump classified information to two top Russian    officials during a meeting in the Oval Office . In light of    these revelations and Comey ’s firing , Rosenstein appointed former    FBI director Robert Mueller as special counsel to investigate    ties between    ’s campaign and Russia .   " "    Mueller will have former   FBI director Robert Mueller powers in his new role former   FBI director Robert Mueller the latitude    to investigate anything related to the Trump campaign ’s ties to    Russia and Russia Russia Russia to interfere in Russia    2016 election .   " ’   ’ ’Former FBI director James Comey believes that . .. ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ 
 