Washington ( CNN ) Still fewer than five days old , the House Republican bill to repeal Obamacare has an uncertain legislative path ahead . And no small part of the blame goes to President Donald Trump .   Competing interests among Republicans threaten to derail the party ’s urgent mission of gutting the Affordable Care Act . After publicly endorsing the bill developed by House Speaker Paul Ryan and other GOP leaders , President Donald Trump and some of President Donald Trump top officials held a flurry of    meetings this week with critics of the legislation to try to move lawmakers toward a consensus . But in these private gatherings , President Donald Trump appears to be sending some conflicting messages .   After sessions with leaders of influential conservative groups and lawmakers , administration officials signaled that the President was open to scrapping Obamacare ’s Medicaid expansion sooner than 2020      the date that is stated in the House GOP bill   —    a change that could scare away moderate Republicans . The confusion over the Medicaid portion of the House GOP bill   appears to be another example of Trump ’s eagerness to strike deals and negotiate     and how that tendency can sometimes complicate things for members of his own party .   House conservatives openly acknowledge that they are House conservatives on Trump ’s Trump’s a dealmaker to try to reshape the health care overhaul .   " I like that about this president . He understands that this president product is the final product , " Idaho Republican Rep. Raul Labrador said Friday .   Just the development that the White House is publicly entertaining the change sent House GOP leaders the White House to answer questions about whether the White House the White House see     on a major component of the health care bill .   " I think right now that would be very difficult to do , " House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy the White House reporters in a news conference Friday morning when asked if he supported moving up the House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of Medicaid expansion .   Later in the day , White House press secretary Sean the White House with House GOP leaders , saying : the White House Right now , the date that ’s in the bill is what the President supports . "   Next week could bring more tumult     the Congressional Budget office is expected to release its score of the House health the Congressional Budget office bill , which could show that millions will lose their coverage . The anticipated bad millions is poised to be one more area where Trump could veer from the party message .   Medicaid politics , The Medicaid section in the House Republicans’ Medicaid repeal bill was carefully crafted , and congressional leaders warn that disrupting it now could imperil the bill The Medicaid section in the House Republicans’ Obamacare repeal bill Scrapping the expansion the House Republicans’ Obamacare repeal bill help win over a handful of conservative votes , but it could cost GOP votes in The Medicaid section in the House Republicans’ Obamacare repeal bill Senate where nearly 20 lawmakers hail from expansion states . " The needle that leadership is trying to thread right now is exactly that between people who want to take things out of the bill and make it less than the House Republicans’ Obamacare repeal bill and those of the House Republicans’ Obamacare repeal bill who are the House Republicans’ Obamacare repeal bill struggling with the effectiveness on the most vulnerable , " said Rep. Tom MacArthur , a New Jersey Republican who is a    of the House ’s moderate Tuesday Group . How to tackle the federal Medicaid expansion has emerged as one of the toughest obstacles for Republican leaders . Some 31 states     including 16 with Republican governors     took advantage of the program and found it to be a successful tool to insure the program adults at little cost to their states . The politics of Medicaid expansion Some 31 states    including 16 with Republican governors     scrambled traditional political fault lines . It ’s not just a simple break between The politics of Medicaid expansion and conservatives     the differences of opinion are also between expansion and    state lawmakers . Those from expansion states have worked closely with leadership to try to protect their federal match dollars for as long as Those from expansion states while those from    states have argued the Medicaid expansion should sunset as soon as possible . Bowling for votes , In recent days , senior administration officials have wooed conservative lawmakers in private meetings and even at a bowling party at the White House     all as the administration has continued to publicly back the bill crafted by Ryan and committee chairs . But GOP leadership aides caution that while they could still make some changes in order GOP leadership aides get additional support before the final House vote , they do n’t anticipate the kinds of wholesale GOP leadership aides that House Freedom Caucus members are demanding . If Trump has veered    Republican leaders have managed to maintain    control over their bill , successfully passing it out of Republican leaders the Energy and Commerce    the Ways and Means committees without a single substantive amendment     despite sessions of a combined 45 hours .   Rep. Joe Barton , a Republican from Texas , filed an amendment in the Energy and Commerce Committee markup that would have sunset the Commerce expansion sooner than the 2020 deadline in the bill , but he pulled the proposal before it came up Rep. Joe Barton, a Republican from Texas a an amendment in the Energy and Commerce Committee markup that would have sunset the Medicaid expansion sooner than the 2020 deadline in the bill    Energy an amendment in the Energy and Commerce Committee markup that would have sunset the Medicaid expansion sooner than the 2020 deadline in the bill Commerce Chairman Greg Walden told Trump behind Walden language in the House health care bill is here to stay , according to a source familiar with the meeting . Walden made clear that the provision that would sunset Obamacare ’s Medicaid expansion in 2020 was drafted in consultation with key players , including wary    governors , lawmakers and the White House itself .   Walden ’s comments came as sources told CNN the White House , after two Walden meetings with conservative lawmakers and outside groups the White House to cutting that transition window down to 2017 . A separate source noted that the White House was in agreement on the language during the final stages of drafting the bill the White House   As it stands , there are no changes planned in the House bill in the weeks ahead , the source the bill . Instead , the Senate will be the the bill substantive shifts . " I A separate source speak for the Senate , but we ’re comfortable with our product as is , " the source said . Conservatives opposed to the the Senate ignoring warnings from GOP leaders that the we will not A separate source significant    insisting they have leverage because the the bill n’t pass without    from a major chunk the bill Freedom Caucus . They are also eyeing the House GOP leaders Committee , which is the final stop before the measure gets to the floor , as the opportunity to GOP leaders significant modifications .   " We ’re going to negotiate with the White House the measure our leadership and they need our votes , " Labrador said .   House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows told reporters Friday that after the White House We meeting , the White House and with our leadership feels We that the administration is willing to play ball .   " I am very confident based on my the White House there is a willingness to House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows in good faith things that drive down health care premiums , " the North Carolina Republican said . " That being said the White House expect all of the issues that many of the Freedom Caucus members would like to have will be in a final bill that passes ? The answer is no . So , it ’s about a good faith negotiation . " No matter what , expect the talks and proposals to continue .   " Despite what you hear in the press , healthcare is coming The answer great . We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture ! " Trump tweeted Thursday . 
 healthcare 